
Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index |   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 1
Posted: November 06, 2009 - 03:30:25 pm

She woke and knew before even looking that it was 2:15 AM; Janet didn't know what it was about 2:15 AM but she frequently woke at that time. She stretched, realizing then that she'd gone to bed naked, in defiance of Jimmie's wishes. 'Saint Jimmie' as she called him; her devoted church leader husband; her 'he gets horny once a month' husband; her 'only missionary position is allowed husband.' It made Janet angry because it left her on her own to deal with the things that seethed within her. She reached over and silently stuck her hand inside Jimmie's pjs and fished out his cock, stiff with sleep. Giggling to herself she moved her head into position and took it into her mouth. After a bit of sucking, Jimmie stirred a bit.

She lifted her head and said in a soothing voice: "Sleep, Jimmie, dear, just sleep."

He mumbled only the word 'sleep' and went back to his dreams and Janet went back to her cock sucking. How she loved those words.

This was the tiger within Janet Peters: 35 year old wife of Jimmie the church guy; high school chemistry teacher, and good at it in a no nonsense way; a 'zaftig' kind of woman but with tits and ass that were proportional and, she thought at least, good equipment.

"Of course, ' she thought to herself, not for the fist time, "Jimmie doesn't seem to notice these days, except when his 'monthlies' as she called them, were on him."

But Janet's tiger, the one she addressed in these night time reveries, was her deep seated love of sex; she meant all kinds of sex. But sex with her as the object.

She was certainly not a girl looking for equality in sex. She always waited in the bad guy movies for one of the bad guys to capture a girl and make her strip. It rarely happened the way that she liked but those scenes played in her own mind theater at least.

She kept a lid on this need, allowing the word 'submissive' to surface only now and then, and when it did, she went out and felt like a woman that was available. Available to anyone who could catch on. Available, she also knew, for anything. It was her tiger.

She finished sucking Jimmie off, letting just a little of his cum hit her face. She loved that too. Then she carefully cleaned him off. She knew he'd talk to her about these wild dreams in the morning and she'd commiserate with him about how difficult and dirty they must be.

She lay back sighing and realized that today would have to be a day in the balcony. It was a theater across town that actually had a balcony and didn't get all that much trade but the balcony was her place. She'd go and watch whatever was showing and enjoy the balcony by herself. She was almost always alone there.

"That's it," she decided, "after school and supper, it'll be the balcony for me."

The thought pleased the lovely, naked woman as she settled down into sleep, with, she hoped, dirty, dirty dreams.

Janet took the subway across town to the neighborhood where the theater was. She loved riding the 'metro' as she insisted on calling it, letting it fuel her fantasy about trips to Paris and Rome.

It was crowded for the evening rush but Janet never minded the crowds. She wrapped herself into her own world of fantasies and, in her mind, stroked her sexual tiger and saying that tonight it would have a looser leash. It never came to anything but the inner sexual feeling was everything at this point.

The train jolted just at that point; Janet was among the stand up passengers toward the back of the car, holding her raincoat in her hand, over her arm. Just as it jolted, she felt the back of a hand come in contact with her ass. It got all of Janet's attention.

She waited, thinking that it was surely only an accident but then it was there again. The back of the hand was pressing against her right ass cheek. It pressed there pretty insistently. Janet was still and tried not to make a move that would scare away whoever was doing it. The hand returned and, to her delight, it was now turned around and the palm of the hand rested on her ass cheek.

She didn't know if any kind of encouragement was necessary or not at this point but suspected that just allowing it to happen was the main kind of encouragement she could give, and the kind that she wanted to give.

She was, she knew, going to let him do what he wanted. She was thrilled. The hand now rubbed. It was obviously searching out the edges of her panties. She liked that.

Panties were a special with her. She kept a large inventory of special, sexy, lacy things. Today it was beige bikinis, showing off, to anyone interested, her pussy with its curly pussy hair. Two hands!

"Shit," she thought, "my station is only a few more stops away."

The hands had now found the outline of her panties; Janet gasped, loudly enough that he heard, she was sure, for he took the edges of her panties and pull them and let them snap back sharply against her ass. She was awash with the hot sexual feeling of being made to stand and be a kind of toy for whoever it was. And he wasn't finished at that.

She felt the insistent poking of a large finger in between the crack of her ass. Then she did move; she had to. She pushed her ass backwards to make the invading finger even more of a presence in her ass.

He changed then and was dragging the panty edges into the crack of her ass. She loved the feeling, the slow, slide of the slippery material across the rounded planes of her ass cheeks toward, what she knew was his goal: lodging the edges between her ass cheeks. She bent ever so slightly from the waist to accommodate whoever it was.

"Ah!" she sighed to herself, "Her stop."

She moved to get to the door and received a last squeeze from the hands that had played with her panties. It had been heavenly.

"Too bad," she mused, "the ride wasn't longer."

She smiled at the cashier, who recognized her and had a nice word for her always. And then it was the balcony. In the dark of the balcony, with no one else there. She could even play with herself today, the image of the man playing with her panties being so fresh in her mind.

Then she noticed the three young guys as they came around the barrier from the stairs and into her part of the balcony.

"Shit!" was her only comment.

She secretly watched them as they got their eyes used to the dark. They went up behind her, thereby clearly neutralizing any kind of pleasure that she might be thinking of having.

Janet was sorely disappointed, and settled down to watch the movie. It was then that a piece of popcorn hit her in the back of the head. She felt the lightness of it but it was unmistakable. She turned and, her disappointment still gripping her, mouthed the words 'stop that' to the three grinning teens.

And they moved; once she'd paid attention to them, they moved. Much to her consternation, one was now in the seat behind her and one on either side of her. She decided to leave and was about to, when the one behind her poked her with his finger; the contact seemed to keep her rooted to the spot:

"Hey, Momma," He said. "Lookin' fine but all lonely up here in this dark balcony all by yourself. Want some company, slut?"

She was struck dumb for a moment, and said nothing.

Then he almost growled at her: "Stand up, when I'm speaking."

She was just a little surprised that she did as she was told, and stood before the three of them. The one who was obviously in charge spoke again harshly to her and this time got her attention:

"Don't you know enough to answer when someone is talking to you, you dirty bitch?"

The names cut her immediately and it started all of those hidden thoughts and desires.

She was suddenly awash with 'dirty" thoughts, and said quickly in answer:"

Uh, yes," she struggled with the words; I ... uh, guess so."

Was all that she could manage. She realized that she had committed herself but didn't care. If this is where her fantasies came alive and today was the day, then fine.

"Watch out, holy Jimmie," she giggled to herself, " your slut wife is about to live."

She waited then; it was their show. They were in charge. She knew that. They apparently did also.

She looked again, mainly at the leader and asked quietly: "May I sit? ... uh ... may I sit, sir?"

She didn't know really what to ask or say or do and was only marking some time here.

"No, you may not," was his quick answer.

Totally ignoring the movie now he proceeded to ask Janet questions: "What kind of panties are you wearing?"

"They are kind of beige; they're bikinis."

"Kind of? What the fuck kind of answer is that, slut?"

Again, Janet hastened to apologize, realizing that such was require of her, if he spoke to her in that tone of voice.

"I mean that they are really transparent but a basically beige color."

He smiled now, as did the other two. Janet feared that she knew what was going to happen next, she was afraid it would happen, for she would do what she was told, and she was afraid that she was wrong and it wouldn't happen. But she was right, for he said right of way.

"Show us! Hike up that long dress to your hips and show us those kind of beige, really transparent panties."

"Here? Uh ... now?"

Were her quiet, almost whispered questions, almost the last defense bastions of someone who was really giving in and knew it.

"Do what the man says," the one on her left snapped at her and that moved Janet.

Reaching down, she grasped the hem of her dress, as she turned and stood there with her dress around her hips, displaying her almost naked ass to these three teenagers.

"No older than some of my chem students," she mused to herself.

The three guys were making appreciative and dirty comments about Janet's ass, how fine it was and how Janet had a booty to be proud of. It made Janet smile.

"They fit so nicely in the crack of your ass," the one on the right sneered at her.

"Yeah," said the leader "you do that, sweet ass?"

"No," was Janet's simple answer, "Someone on the train did it to me."

"Hey," came his retort, "that's hot. You like that, you uptight cunt?"

Janet hesitated to let them into that secret place. Just then there was a fight scene of some kind and the movie got suddenly loud. The one sitting in the row behind Janet took the opportunity and slapped her ass really, really hard. It caused Janet to jump and turn around.

She said quickly: "Yes, yes, I did like it; i was hot."

Immediately the leader leered at Janet and said: "Hey, nice pussy on the bitch also."

Janet only then realized that her turning around had indeed exposed her pussy to them, and thought that maybe this was going a bit far and a bit fast. But they gave her no time to really follow that thought up.

While musing she had dropped the hem of her dress, and then the leader asked her, breaking into her thoughts as he did: "Did I tell you to lower your dress? Did I tell you to do that, you fucking whore?"

Janet felt as though she were a little girl again being bad and it was all that she could do to keep from crying, as she answered him:

"No, sir, you surely didn't; I'm so, so sorry."

"Good," he said, "but just for that little breach of manners; take the dress off, and if you hesitate at all, that one slap on the ass is tame compared to what I'll do to you."

Janet simply gave in. They were demanding it, he was demanding it and she knew that she had to comply. She swiftly went to the buttons of the dress, and soon it was unbuttoned and puddled on the floor and Janet stood in the balcony in front of these three teenagers wearing only heels, panties and a bra, and those were so transparent that they left nothing to the imagination.

But the leader wasn't about to allow Janet any kind of covering at all.

"The panties and bra too," he said, "on the floor with the rest."

She did as she was ordered to do and here she now was in her favorite balcony naked for these boys. He smiled at her. Her attention was riveted on him, even tough the other two were now running hands up and down her thighs and over the mounds of her ass.

"You like this don't you? What's your name?"

"Janet," she answered, "yes, I'm afraid that I do."

"Why?" he inquired.

"It's like a fantasy being made to do really dirty things that you might not otherwise do."

"Now put your hands up in the air, raise those arms above your head."

Janet did as she was told. The reality here was so delicious; this wasn't the dark bedroom, where, after the fantasy had played out, she'd reach out to see if Jimmie's cock was stiff with sleep and play with him and maybe, maybe even take his cock head in her mouth before finishing herself off.

"No," she mused now in her awakened mind, "This is my balcony and I'm naked here, except for my shoes, because they told me to be naked. This was the fantasy fully awake and real."

She put her hands and arms up in the air, at their insistence. She was vulnerable to them now, and knew it. But that was okay with her. She felt dirty and was going to do their dirty things for them. Then the hands were on her, and they were feeling her. She barely suppressed a giggle at the thought of being felt up in the balcony by this gang of punks. It was too delicious. There were hands on her nipples, and they weren't being gentle. They were tugging at her hardened nipples, twisting and pulling and pinching.

Janet was groaning a kind of lost "O gawd!!!!!" as the process of inflicting pain on her nipples continued.

Then one behind her was grabbing her ass cheeks and prying them apart. They parted and now he was invading her asshole with his finger, or his fingers, she wasn't sure which. She pushed back against the hand involuntarily.

And then, "O SHIT!" her mind screamed, there was a hand in her pussy, her cunt, she thought they'd want her to say.

And she was being lost, lost, lost. Hands snaked up to her face and grasped the sides of her mouth and pried they wide, wide open. Her eyes flicked open then and the one in front of her was watching and smiling.

"What do you do for a living, Janet, Janet, so naked here and wet and hot?"

She struggled to speak with the fingers in her mouth but said to them that she was a teacher. They laughed at that making the comment that maybe they'd have stayed in school, if they'd had dirty teachers like her.

"But, babe," he continued, while a finger kept on pushing into her pussy and the speaker was still twisting her nipples, "You really look like a cock sucker to me! Is that right?"

That simply did it for Janet; one of her fantasies was simply to be called that, cock sucker, by someone. Now here it was and she knew that very soon they'd make her be just that: their cock sucker. She shook her head 'yes' and did the best she could through her drooling mouth to say that 'yes, she was a cock sucker.'

"Well, you dirty slut, you cock sucker," he continued with more orders now, "walk up those stairs, wiggling your ass as you do, and go to that little hallway. It's time for you to show that you're a cock sucker."

Janet was both disturbed and thrilled by this turn of events and moved from the row of theater seats to the aisle and wiggled her way up the stairs. She waited for them there naked in the hallway. They came right away.

"Kneel" the leader said. Janet did so and spent the next half hour on her knees sucking their young cocks. They stood around waiting for each other. There was no finesse to it. It was a cock head in her open mouth and then ram it into her throat. She did the best she could to cope with the invading cocks that her mouth contained. They were wet blow jobs; she made noises and bobbed her head. They grabbed her hair and impaled her mouth with their cocks. It was a hot, wet time. But they were pretty quick, exploding into her mouth and making her swallow it, holding her by the ears and the hair and forcing her to take them deep into her throat.

"It's your lucky day, Janet," the leader said. "We don't have more time to play. But tell you what. We'll just try to make sure that we have a repeat performance of your little 'on your knees' act for us."

She was stunned that they just left then.She discovered that she was annoyed by it. She gave in to her deepest desires and they only 'got their rocks off' and left.

"Well," she thought, "nothing to do but dress and watch the show." She giggled a bit at that because she was still turned on by standing here in the upper part of this balcony naked except for her heels. It was such a turn on.

"Maybe I should play with myself first," came her next thought. But then it was "Maybe I should get dressed and stay out of trouble."

She went back down to her seat and found it empty. "Oh, shit!" she wailed to herself, "Oh, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit!" Nothing there: no clothes, no purse, nothing. "Ohhhhhh," now she started to cry, "What do I do now?"

She started to move up the stairs thinking that it might have been another row, when a flashlight beam shone directly on her naked ass. Seeing the reflection of the light she stopped and turned around, now using her hands to hide her nipples, breasts and pussy.

"Who ... who is it?" she said very timidly. Now Janet was scared. Then she saw the usher and to her relief she saw that he was holding all her things.

"Please turn the light off." she asked him, she hoped politely.

"No!" was his curt answer.

It silence her except for the continued sobbing from her crying.

"Just what the hell are you doing?" he demanded. He had a great deal of authority in his voice.

She stopped crying long enough to explain to him the three youths, and how they made her pull up her dress and show them her panties. She stopped there.

"Is that all?" He continued asking her, his light still shining on her, her hands especially which were still attempting to block his view.

"Put your hands at your side" he said, again with some authority.

Janet complied and said "Yes, sir," before she realized what was coming out of her mouth.

"I said is that all?" he moved the conversation forward.

"No, it's not. Then they told me to come up the stairs, to wiggle my ass for them, as I went and wait for them up here."

"Did you?"

"Why do you want to know?" she made one last stab at regaining control. It didn't work.

"Look, lady, Mrs. Janet Peters," that stunned Janet, he knew her name and all that. But of course he had her purse. "This is my theater and I want to know what the fuck you're doing here in the balcony naked and bawling."

Janet looked down instead of at him and his flashlight beam. It continued to play on her pussy and nipples alternatingly.

"They, uh, you know, forced me to give them, uh, oral sex!"

"Forced?" came his next sharp inquiry. She hesitated. "Tell me damn it or I'll throw you out of here naked into the street."

"Oh, please, please don't do that; I'll, uh, I'll be, ah, good and do what you tell me."

Only after saying it did she realize what she had actually promised.

"No, they didn't force me; she looked at him, boldly staring into the flashlight beam and said: "I sucked their cocks willingly. Can I have my clothes now?"

"No," was his quick answer, "get on your knees."

"What?" was her plaintive cry. "I said get on your knees or get the fuck out of here the way you're dressed or should I phone the police?" She sunk to her knees quickly.

He took out a cell phone and made a quick call, telling Melissa to join him in the balcony, once the place was secured. In a very few moments they were joined by Melissa, who turned out to be a fairly large, utterly gorgeous and shapely woman.

Janet was immediately smitten. She didn't understand it or try to fight it; she just knew that this was a woman who could make her do anything at all.

"Look what we have here, Mel," he began, indicating the naked, kneeling Janet. "This is Mrs. Janet Peters, chem teacher at the tech high school, and, believe it or not, the wife of preacher Jim Peters. Well, she was here in our balcony and, according to her story, allowed herself to be talked into stripping naked, as she is now, by those three young creeps that come here now and then. Once our preacher's wife was naked for these three, she willingly walked up the stairs, giving them a first class show of her wiggling ass cheeks, and in this hall way sucked their cocks."

Melissa stepped up and stroked Janet's face with her open hand. "My, my," Melissa cooed, "We have been a busy, busy girl, haven't we?"

Janet lowered her head, not looking up at Melissa and said: "Yes, ma'am, I know."

"How charming," Melissa smiled, "so polite."

Then snaking out her hand she took hold of Janet's right nipple and wrenched it from side to side bringing tears to Janet's eyes.

"Look at me, when I'm talking to you, missy!" Melissa said sharply.

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said immediately looking up at the large woman towering above her kneeling, naked figure.

Melissa kept hold of the nipple, playing with it and enjoying its current state of erection, and asked Janet with a sinister smile: "So, tell me, Mrs. Janet Peters, chem teacher at the tech high school, preacher's wife and slut that comes here and sucks under aged cocks, will it be the police or do we own your ass?"

Janet tried in vain to keep the panic out of her voice when she answered: "You own my ass, ma'am."

"Yes," Melissa smiled at her husband, "I thought so."

"Please ma'am, sir," Janet broke in, using a very shy voice, "Please may I ask a favor?"

"A favor," he fairly thundered, "you're in no position to ask anything at all."

"No, Joe," Melissa said, "let her go ahead and ask."

"Thank you so much, ma'am," Janet said gratefully, actually grasping Melissa's hand and kissing it in her new found fervor.

"Hmm," Melissa said, "I think I like this. Maybe we'll keep her. But go ahead, honey, ask."

"Please," Janet continued now, "May I ... I ... uh ... I have to go to the bathroom; may I please?"

"Oh," Melissa laughed, "you mean you have to pee?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet admitted, "I have to pee very badly, may I?"

Melissa looked at Joe and smiled, "Yes, of course," she said. "But of course, being the pig that you are, you need to crawl to the bathroom on your hands and knees and we will have to watch in order to be sure that you do everything right. You don't mind of course, do you?"

It was a test, both Joe and Melissa knew it, as did Janet. Janet simply allowed herself to go lower into this humility that she had caused for herself, and said: "No, ma'am, sir, I don't mind at all."

"Okay," Melissa said, let's go. They made Janet go ahead of them on her hands and knees. As they went, Joe removed his belt and put it into Melissa's outstretched hand. Melissa punctuated their walk with viscous swipes at Janet's naked ass, leaving marks and causing Janet to jump and moan every time.

"You know, girl," Melissa said, "It's just too much of a temptation to see a wonderful naked ass like that and not give it a slap."

Janet turned to look up at her and said, her chin trembling with oncoming tears, "Thank you ma'am for chastising me."

"Isn't she sweet!" exclaimed Melissa.

They came to the doors to the bathrooms and Janet turned to go into the ladies.

"No, no, bitch," Melissa said, punctuating her displeasure with the belt against Janet's already reddened ass,

"Not that one; you go in here." Janet was confused but did what she was told.

They opened the door and directed Janet to go and squat in one of the men's urinals against the wall. Janet did as she was told, squatting in the urinal, holding the sides of the uprights to keep herself from sitting down in the flow in the urinal, while the two theater owners watched her pee into the men's urinal. All the while she stared at the two of the who were watching her; she knew that she had to but could not divert her eyes. When she was finished, they completed her humiliation by simply tossing her some paper to clean with.

As they watched Janet sunk to her knees and began to cry distressfully. It made Joe start but Melissa simply put out a hand to restrain him, and said to the now sobbing Janet:

"I know what's wrong, child."

"You do?" came Janet's answer in a tiny voice.

"Yes, I do," Melissa continued, "You really like this treatment and it scares you. Isn't that right?"

Janet's answer came with a shaking of her head 'yes'.

"I know, I know, come to mommie," Melissa now cooed to the kneeling woman.

With a great sob Janet scuttled to Melissa, still on her hands and knees, and wrapped her arms around Melissa's thighs. She knelt there with her head buried in the space between Melissa's thighs and groaned until her sobs subsided, but still she clung.

"Now you get up, sweet cheeks," Melissa said to her, grasping Janet by the arms to raise her up.

"You clean up a bit and we have something that you're going to like."

They went, again with Janet going first to focus their attention on Janet's swaying ass, to the large office space off of the balcony level.

Once there Melissa turned to Janet and said: "Now tell me what happened. Why did you take your clothes off for those boys?"

Janet looked shyly at Melissa and simply said: "They, uh, told me to."

"Ohhhhh, lovely," Melissa blurted out, "They told you to do it and you did it, as simple as that?"

"Yes," Janet answered, her eyes downcast," I don't know but there are people who can like command me to do things and I just have to do them. I've always known that; it's just that it's only now that I've ever acted on it."

"Ah, I see," cooed Melissa, "and do I assume correctly that the stalwart preacher is not fulfilling his sexual functions at home?"

Janet snorted,"He's a once a week fucker," she said derisively, "him on top and no 'fooling around' as he puts it."

"Hmm, too bad for you," said Melissa, "Until now," she added with a huge smile.

Janet nodded, "Until now. It was the subway that started it."

She went on to explain the thrill of the hand on the subway moving her panties into the crack of her ass.

"My, my," Melissa now continued, "You have had quite a day, and you know what, little girl, my little submissive darling, our chemistry teacher who strips naked in public places because the right kind of person demands it, you know what?"

Janet looked at her with almost adoring eyes, which Melissa noticed immediately, and then Janet said: "What?" very quietly and politely.

"We're going to finish your day in style right here."

"Oh," was all that Janet could muster at this. "Yes," Melissa laughed,

"Oh." She then turned to Joe and said, 'Why don't you get ready, darling."

Janet turned to stare at Joe who was just then taking his shirt off. In a moment, Joe was naked with his erect cock sticking out in front of him.

"Ohhhhhhhhh," Janet said upon seeing it.

"You're just full of 'ohhhhhhhs', aren't you, little girl," Melissa said staring at Janet.

"Yes, ma'am, I am," Janet replied.

"Okay, now," Melissa started to give instructions as she sat in the wheeled office desk chair and directed Janet to get on her hands and knees in front of her. Janet didn't know exactly what to expect but was wide eyed, when Melissa proceeded to pull up her skirt so that it was now around her waist, exposing her naked pussy. All Janet could do was stare.

"Ever do a woman?" Melissa asked sweetly.

"No, ma'am," Janet answered almost stuttering with lust now.

"Oh, good," Melissa crowed, "A first timer; Jim the preacher's wife is going to learn to eat cunt."

Then Janet felt Joe behind her. She moved her head to look and received a slap in the face from Melissa.

"Keep your attention on me," she ordered. Janet did as she was told. "Crawl over here," Melissa now said, and Janet crawled over to Melissa and placed her hands on the tops of each of Melissa's thighs. Janet was staring at Melissa's bare pussy and licking her lips.

"You're going to like this," Melissa said with confidence.

Then Janet finally felt Joe fiddling around but with her asshole.

"There?" Janet said with surprise.

"Never had it up the ass before, Jim the preacher's wife?" Melissa wondered out loud.

"No, ma'am," Janet confided.

"Oh, this will be lovely. Here's what's going to happen. Joe is going to put this lovely big thing that vibrates into your pussy and then he's going to stick his cock up your ass. While this is happening, I want your mouth on my pussy. If you have any moaning, groaning or yelling to do, do it into my pussy; do you understand me, girl?"

Janet was almost overcome. This was exactly what she'd been hoping for all these dark nights sucking off Jim, while he slept.

"Yes, mommie," she said looking at Melissa with devotion on her face.

Then to herself "Now, now, now," she thought, "Now I'll really be used."

Then she felt the vibrator enter he pussy and begin its seducing vibration and she groaned and lowered her head into the lovely space between Melissa's thighs. She tried to make her entire universe all licking and sucking, using her lips and tongue on the soft flesh in front of her mouth.

In no time she had Melissa groaning and clutching the hair on her head pressing her face harder into her snatch. And Joe, having greased Janet's asshole, and reamed it with a finger, pushed his stiff cock into Janet's ass, past the ring of her asshole, causing Janet to grunt and almost shout into Melissa's pussy.

For long, long, long moments there was nothing in the world but the cunt she was eating and the cocks that were active in her pussy and asshole. For a long time it was her entire universe. For a long time it was pain and discomfort but they melded into a white heat that was almost too much for Janet.

When she came, it was shattering and caused her to redouble her efforts on Melissa, who came also flooding Janet's face with her fluids. Joe cam with a rush and a moan, depositing his cum inside of Janet's asshole.

Janet slumped spent, when Melissa grabbed her by the hair and ordered her to clean off Joe's cock with her mouth. It was a sign of Janet's true position that she didn't hesitate to take the spent cock into her mouth to clean it properly, not caring at all where it had been.

Janet simply knelt there waiting for the pair of them to tell her what was next.

"Get up, love," Melissa said sweetly. "You performed admirably; we'll have to have you back some time. But we must do something about your clothes. Here is the name of a store in the mall near here; it's owned and run by my sister Samantha. Tomorrow go there and she'll help you pick out some clothes that are more appropriate for your lovely body."

"Oh, thank you, thank you!" Janet gushed, and she was then allowed to dress. She half way hoped for another groper on the subway on the way home but had no such luck. Jim was not yet home, when she got there. It gave her time to take a shower and freshen up. She put on a light cream colored silk robe that showed the swell of her hips and ass, her straining nipples, almost all of her.

He was excited about the meeting he'd had and didn't seem to notice. Jim showered before bed and was conked out almost immediately.

Janet was sorry that it wasn't his weekend fuck date. She lay there feeling really, really dirty and extra horny. It wasn't too hot, so she silently slipped the covers off of Jim. She giggled to herself as she worked his sleep shorts down his legs. He slept blissfully on but Janet was really turned on now. Rolling him slightly to the side she got him onto his face a bit and lowering herself was now face to face with his ass. She was still giggling as she parted his ass cheeks and began to rim his ass, sticking her tongue all the way in to his ass hole and tickling his ass hole. She loved it but she wanted cock.

She rolled him back over then and took his stiff cock into her mouth, still not disturbing her sleeping husband. She sucked him until she had a mouthful of his cum and then cleaned him up and rolled him back and proceeded to tend to her own needs with her clever fingers in her pussy.

It was a sunday about a week later at the church. Jim hustled up to Janet with two people in tow. Janet was struck almost dumb when she recognized Melissa and Joe from the theater.

"Janet, dear," Jim said, "I want you to meet our new members Joe and Melissa Grant."

Janet tried to keep her composure and greeted the Grants warmly.

"I'll leave you with my wife," Jim said, "I have some things to do before the service."

"What a surprise," Janet said breathlessly, "It's lovely to see you."

She knew that her anxiety showed.

"We thought this might be a kind of a treat," Melissa said. Then Melissa continued, "Would you show me to the ladies', dear?"

She said it so that people around might hear the polite conversation they were having.

"Of course," Janet said, leading the way.

Joe trailed behind. When they got to where the bathroom was, Melissa said to Joe, "We'll only be a moment."

Opening the door she pulled Janet into the one person bathroom with her.

"Mommie," Janet said now with enthusiasm, "I've missed you."

"We've missed you too, little girl," Melissa said with sugar sweetness.

"Now give me your underwear, now."

"Oh," Janet almost wailed, "Oh, my underwear, you see, my underwear today is just plain cotton. I'm really ashamed. I didn't know."

"Of course you didn't," Melissa said soothingly, "But you still realize that you must come to the theater to be punished."

"Of course," was Janet's simple reply.

Janet was rooted to the spot with surprise and, she realized, lust but hurried to get out of her dress, which she hung on a wall hook as she removed both her bra and her panties. The panties were cotton.

"If I ever catch you wearing cotton panties again, young lady," Melissa said with some force, "I will beat you so that you won't stand for a long time."

"I'm so sorry," Janet said with tears in her eyes, as she stood naked now and surrendered her underwear to Melissa.

Janet stood there now naked except for her heels. "This feels so exciting," she said shyly to Melissa; I really, really like this; I mean being told to do this here; I really like it."

"Kneel and kiss my pussy, then dress," Melissa demanded. Janet loved the kinkiness of it and did as she'd been told, lifting Melissa's dress, lowering her panties and then kissing and licking Melissa's naked pussy. She loved having her head between Melissa's thighs, and tried to do her best to eat her pussy, thinking perversely that it would be great for Jimmie to see her now. She continued her pussy eating by sticking her tongue directly into Melissa's vagina bringing her to a lovely orgasm. She stayed in place then to lick Melissa clean.

Janet thought that it was wonderful, just wonderful.

"When you get home this afternoon," Melissa said quietly, once she was cleaned up from her orgasm, "Go through your panty drawer and discard all the ugly cotton things there. Do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said quickly, "Yes, I will."

"Good," Melissa continued, "then go to Samantha tomorrow and she'll help you get some new panties."

They left the bathroom smiling and greeting people who were going up to the service. Janet spoke briefly again to Melissa outside afterwards.

Janet took the opportunity to thank Melissa for the surprise of her showing up there and letting her kiss her pussy.

It made Melissa laugh: "You fit right into the life of a slut, do you know that, little one?" Janet blushed, and hurried off to meet Jim with Melissa's laughter echoing in her ears, knowing the truth of what of what was said.

Janet cleared her schedule the next day to go to Samantha's at the mall. She dressed carefully in one of her new outfits, that she'd purchased with Samantha's help this past week, taking care right down to her choice of her best peach colored bikini panties and bra. She knew that she might well get a hard time from Samantha about the panties issue.

She was relieved, when Samantha was so pleased to see her. Again she felt the kind of powerfully erotic hold that Samantha and her sister Melissa had over her.

"So," Samantha began,"You got caught kind of with your panties on, eh, little one?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said quietly.

"I'm disappointed," Samantha continued. "I thought that our work a few days ago had really gotten you moving ahead on these issues."

"I'm very sorry, ma'am," was Janet's only answer, feeling cowed by the larger woman's displeasure.

"Well, there's nothing for it but to see that the problem is corrected."

"Yes, ma'am; thank you ma'am." Janet whispered.

"Come with me then," Samantha ordered.

Janet followed her into the back part of the store, where she had been 'helped' the last time.

"Over here," Samantha said, "We'll use one of the private rooms."

Janet followed Samantha into a private room. When they were inside the room, Samantha turned to her and said severely: "You do know, little one, that you'll have to be punished for this little breach."

Janet already had tears in her eyes, when she shook her head 'yes' and said the obligatory 'yes, ma'am.'

"Okay," Samantha said, "you know what to do."

Janet went to a table in the corner of the room and grabbing it with her hands bent over from the waist. Samantha was not long in approaching her and was not long in beginning Janet's spanking with a wicked leather quirt that she'd brought.

Samantha flipped up Janet's dress so that it was around her waist and exposed her peach colored panties.

"Very nice," Samantha said, "So you do have some style."

Janet whispered a trembling "Thank you, ma'am."

Samantha started again with the whip. Janet tried to keep from crying out despite the pain of the slashes of the quirt. This time the beating was a short one.

Janet said "Thank you, thank you," fervently, when she realized that the punishment was over.

"Now" Samantha continued, "I'm going to turn you over to one of my assistants for your purchases. Do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am, I do understand," was Janet's meek reply.
Chapter 2 »
Home | Top | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 1|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 2
Posted: November 07, 2009 - 08:56:21 am

Samantha went out and in a few moments the door to the room opened and a young man entered. Janet's breath caught in her throat as she realized that it was Clifford Stowe a former student of hers.

He had always been a bit nerdy in school but also always made Janet nervous. She was sure that he was constantly trying to look up her dress and was never comfortable with her.

Janet stammered: "Clifford, it's so nice to see you."

Clifford was all smiles as he greeted Janet with a kind of mocking "Miss Peters the chem teacher, what a lovely surprise. I understand that you need help selecting and purchasing new panties."

Janet stood stricken, rooted to the spot; not knowing what to do next.

She stammered: "There must be some mistake. I can't; uh, I just can't deal with you for new panties, Clifford; I'm sorry, I just can't. I need someone else."

"Very good," he said with a strange smile and left the room.

Janet was relieved. In a few moments the door opened and Samantha entered. She had the quirt with her again.

"The position," she said with a severe tone. With a swipe of her hand, Samantha had Janet's dress up and her panties off, then she began.

"Oh, Ma'am," Janet wailed, while moving toward the table again. "It's just," she tried to get all of it in before Samantha began on her again. "It's just that he was one of my students. I don't know that I can deal with him for my underwear."

"You just don't know if you can deal with the person that I sent to you; you just don't know?"

By now the blows were falling on Janet's bare ass. Samantha had taken time to pull Janet's panties down first.

"Deal with him you will," Samantha said fiercely.

"Yes, yes, yes," Janet wailed again, "Yes, I will certainly deal with Clifford. I will do whatever you wish me to do."

"Of course you will, little one; you will follow his orders explicitly and do whatever he tells you to do. If he wants to piss in your mouth, you will kneel and let him do it. Do you understand? This will only be a pale sample of what is next, if I hear that you've given another problem." Samantha said, rubbing Janet's reddened ass, as she spoke.

"Yes," Janet hastened to add, "I certainly understand; this slutty girl certainly understands."

This brought a wicked smile from Samantha, and then Samantha turned on her heel and left the room. A few moments later the door opened and a smiling Clifford entered.

Janet immediately said: "Clifford, I owe you an apology; I'm very sorry to have been so skittish; I just don't know what got into me."

"Thank you, Miss Peters the Chem teacher," he said mockingly. It made Janet nervous. "Tell me please," he continued, "exactly what she said to you."

Janet plunged on, knowing she had no choice. "She said that I was to do whatever you told me to do; that if you," here Janet hesitated,

"Yes," inquired Clifford, "A problem again?"

"No, no, no problem," Janet hastened to add, "She said that if you wanted to piss in my mouth I was to kneel and let you."

This made Clifford laugh, "Well," he continued chuckling, "It might not come to that."

Just then the door opened and Samantha entered again. Clifford turned and with easy familiarity said: "Hey, Sam."

"Clifford," Samantha said, "I'm going to be busy a while but I know that you can take care of our friend Janet here. If there is a problem again, just please handle it. Here is this."

She handed Clifford the nasty quirt that she'd used on Janet just a few moments ago.

"Thanks, Sam," Clifford said with a grin, accepting the quirt from her and swishing through the air.

Samantha smiled at both of them and nodding at Janet said, "You do understand, dear?"

"Oh, yes, ma'am, I certainly do understand."

With that Samantha turned on her heel and was gone from the room. Janet now looked at Clifford nervously, who stood staring at Janet with a strange look on his face. holding the quirt in his right hand.

"Well," he began, "This certainly changes some things, doesn't it Miss Peters?"

Janet smiled at him and in an attempt to win him over said quietly: "Won't you please call me Janet?"

"Of course, Janet," he answered, "Very appropriate, after all we will get to know one another well, since I'll be your personal sales representative. But don't you think, Janet, that I really should try this out a time or two? Don't you?"

Janet was aware of what she needed to do. She realized how much Clifford was getting into being dominant over her, his former Chemistry teacher, and she was beginning to be wet between her thighs too. She just never ceased to amaze herself at how she got so hot and bothered about being dominated these days.

She answered him quietly: "Yes, Clifford, I really think you should."

"Lovely," he said with a smile. "Tell you what," he continued, "You pick one spot for me to hit and I will pick one spot. That's fair; don't you think?"

"Yes, yes, of course," she said with some enthusiasm, trying to keep on his good side, "Yes, fair."

"Okay," he continued, "Where is your spot?"

"On my ass," she said quickly, then added: "Oh, I'm sorry, do you mind if I use that kind of language?"

"By all means," he answered, "A beautiful woman using dirty language is really pretty much a turn on for me."

"Oh, good," she said with some enthusiasm.

"But let's be clear here; you said on your ass, but did you mean on your ass covered by your dress, on your ass covered by your panties--you are wearing panties?--she nodded 'yes', or on your bare ass?"

"I, uh, really meant, if you don't mind, on my ass covered by my panties and dress." Was her answer.

"Oh, not at all, your choice. So, turn around for me."

Janet, now biting her lip in anxiety, stared at him a moment and then turned. She jumped and squeaked, when he landed a savage blow from the quirt on her ass. It hurt terribly even though it was delivered on her ass covered by two layers of clothes, panties and dress.

"Now for my spot," he said smiling at her. "Take both hands and raise the hem of your dress up toward the top of your right thigh.

She moved her hands, raising her dress hem in compliance.

"Not too high," he cautioned her, "Let's keep it decent, at least for now."

She stopped short of showing him her panties. Again the blow was a savage one on her naked thigh, causing her to jump and squeal.

"My that's satisfying," he enthused. "What did you think?" he asked.

"I, uh, have to admit," she said to him, blushing a bit and keeping her eyes downcast, instead of looking directly at him,"that pain like that, though I don't like it, in a way, really tends to turn me on."

"Hmm," Clifford mused, "I thought so; I thought as much. But we need to get on with what we're here to do. You're here to buy panties, isn't that correct?"

Janet nodded 'yes' to him, realizing that the really humiliating part was going to begin now. She was right.

"Okay," Clifford continued, "First just a bit of information so that I know you better and how to work with you; after all it's only been in the class room a few years ago that we knew each other, correct, Miss Peters, Oh, I mean Janet?"

"Yes, Clifford," she answered, "May I continue to call you Clifford or would you prefer Mr. Stowe or just sir?"

"Oh, let's just keep it Clifford for now; it sounds much more intimate and we'll get to know each other well, as I serve your clothing needs."

"Thank you, Clifford," she said with a smile.

"So, tell me, Janet, just as background, I hear that you have turned into a pretty hot subservient woman. Is this true?"

Again her eyes were downcast as she admitted the truth of his statement, gone now totally was the haughty, in charge chemistry teacher of a few years back.

"Yes, Clifford, it's a kind of sense of myself that I've come to realize lately."

"Does that please you?" he asked.

"Yes, sir," she said, it made him smile, "It actually does please me."

"Well, then, let me ask; are you actually a slut?"

With no hesitation Janet shook her head 'yes' and admitted to her former student: "Yes, Clifford, uh, sir--I'm so sorry, I'm just so much more at home calling you 'sir'; please may I?"

"Yes, of course," he smiled.

"Well, I, uh, I realize that I am a slut. It's a name that I love to be called; as a matter of fact being called dirty names makes me wetter and wetter."

"Were you a slut, when you taught me Chemistry and didn't like it when I tried to look up your skirt?"

"Yes, probably, but certainly a closet one," she concluded. "I'm trying to be honest with you, sir." she said with a wan smile on her face.

"I appreciate that, slut!" he said.

"But tell me, exactly what happened to bring you here today looking for panties?"

Janet blushed as she told him the story of Melissa and Joe at church the day before, Melissa and her in the ladies' room, where she was ordered to strip her clothes off and surrender her panties and bra to Melissa before dressing again.

"Oh, dear!" Clifford said shaking his head, "she spanked you for that?"

"Yes," Janet said. "Well for the drabness of it, you deserved it." was his comment. "So," he continued "let's get on with it then. We're looking for color and variety and sexiness, correct? "he asked her.

"Oh, yes, sir," was her quick reply to his question.

"Fine," he said to her with a real smile now, "Take off your dress so that we can get some measurements."

"My dress," she repeated after him, with a tiny voice.

Clifford grabbed the quirt from a table and said to her in a menacing tone of voice: "Do I have to use this?"

"Oh, no, sir," she was quick to reply, as her hands flew to the buttons at the neck of her dress. Moving her hands down the front of her dress, she had it totally unbuttoned quickly. She shrugged off the dress and then stood there in front of one of her former students almost totally naked.

"Oh," was his comment, "As lovely as I always imagined in my fantasies."

"You fantasized about me?" she queried.

"Yes, I did." he answered.

"Thank you, sir," was her simple reply.

"Now," he ordered, "Strut around the room for me; show me how you move in your underwear, show me your stuff, swing your ass and push out your tits, make my eye gravitate to your barely covered pussy. It's those kinds of thought that you always want to have in mind, when buying panties and bras."

Janet moved off as ordered, and simply paraded herself in front of him, hips swinging, ass cheeks in motion, tits out. She was all stuff and promise for him.

"Very nice!' he said, clapping. "Now come over here to be measured."

She obeyed him, knowing that the humiliation was about to get more intense with him getting his hands on her. She also knew that she didn't mind it at all.

She stood in front of him and he pondered a moment and said: "Let's do it with you naked to get true numbers?"

"Naked?" she said without thinking. It was what Clifford was waiting for; the quirt lashed out and left a red mark on her right ass cheek, causing her to jump and squeal again.

"Naked," he growled, and watched with great satisfaction as he previously unattainable Chemistry teacher took off her panties and bra simply because he told her to. The rush for him was immense, and there she stood, compliant, beautiful, really ripe and naked, and totally at his disposal.

"What a change!" he thought, as he reached for a nipple. "Do you like your nipples pinched?" he asked as he attacked her right nipple, pinching and twisting cruelly. Janet confided herself to shaking her head 'yes', as the pain increased, forcing her to her knees and whimpering out a low moan. "Very nice reaction," he said.

Suddenly he seemed all business as he said a "Hmm" to himself and ran his hands over her. First it was her tits, taking time to tweak her nipples on the way.

"We want them to stand up for the measurement," he explained so that we get a true measure. He gave each nipple a pinch, not as hard as before but hard enough to give Janet goose-bumps. Then he ran his hands down her back and over the swell of her ass cheeks.

Janet was getting frantic with the touching. When his hands reached her ass cheeks she wondered if ... But he did it before she could even think about it further. He lashed out and delivered a slap to her ass. It caused her to lean forward just a little, having the effect of making her ass a better target.

"You are such a fucking slut," he said.

"Yes," she whispered to him, "Yes, I know, and Clifford, you seem to bring it all out in me."

"Okay now," he continued, "Let's keep on going." Now his hand was sliding over the plane of her belly and reaching into her pubic hair. "Nice pile of hair," he complimented her.

"Thank you, sir," she said, "I'm glad you like it."

"Yes," he offered, "It really sets off the front of the panties well, I think."

His finger was now reaching into the wetness of her snatch and she was almost singing for him. He produced a tape measure and took measurements of her hips and her tits, across the swollen nipples. He noted these down and then suddenly, with no warning, he took a handful of her pussy hair and pulled up on it, bringing Janet to her toes.

"Ohhhh," she exclaimed, as he kept the pressure on; keeping her on her toes.

He was grinning. When he let her down, he told her to bend over at the waist. She glanced at him wondering but did as she was told immediately.

She tensed waiting for the slap but this time it didn't come. Instead he told her to grasp her ass cheeks with her hands and pull her ass cheeks apart. She was now diving down into the realm, she thought, of final humilities.

She did this too, pulling her ass cheeks apart to give him whatever access he wanted. The she felt his long middle finger pushing its way into her asshole and simply rummaging around. She was bent at the waist with her hands on her knees, and now she was moaning.

"Oh, Clifford, sir," she wailed to him, "You know all of the fucking buttons, all of them."

He removed her hands and told her to straighten up, which she did. "Do you know why I did those things?" he addressed her.

"You must tell me, sir," she said simply.

He laughed, "Because I can with you; because I can. Now do you want me to show you samples of our panties and matching bras?"

Looking at him she simply reached out and kissed the palm of his hand saying: "No, sir; you simply pick out what you want me to wear and I'll be happy with it."

"I'll be right back," he said, "Don't you dare play with your pussy while I'm gone."

"No, sir" was her immediate answer.

"Fine," he concluded, "Put your hands on your head and face into that corner."

She did so, more turned on just now than she believed that she ever had been and faced the corner until he came back.

"I've just taken the liberty of putting these into a sack for you and putting them on your bill."

"Thank you, Clifford; I appreciate it," she said with some enthusiasm.

"But there is one more thing," he said, "For old time sake; I am going to give you a proper bare assed, you over my knee spanking."

"Ohhhhh, dear!" she said with some trepidation.

When she looked at him, she'd had her eyes downcast again, he had a chair in the middle of the room and was sitting.

"Get over here," he ordered. She went to him with little reluctance; then stood with her chin quivering. "What is it?" he demanded not unkindly. "Tell me."

"It's so hard to say; you see this is really one of my deep fantasies, you know, being simply taken over someone's knee and just spanked. It makes me so excited to think about it even. I remember telling myself once, while masturbating that if I ever found someone who would simply make the demand and get me over his knee, I'd probably follow him to the end of the earth."

"Well, fine!" Clifford said smiling. "But there's something else, isn't there."

"You are really wise, Clifford," she said,"It's just that I love the thought; it turns me on and now that you've mentioned it, I'd hate to have you not do it. The pain excites me but it also scares me. I cry so easily during pain. I'm just kind of afraid and ashamed."

"Don't you see," he continued, "That will be one of the great things about it: the apprehension, tension, fear and pain. It's as much like a bond as anything else. Come here."

She stood in front of him, as he sat there. She was naked and ready for him to do what he wanted to do.

"Now, slut," he said in a rough voice, "You treated me with disdain, when you were my chem teacher and I was infatuated with you and your body, now naked and mine to do with as I wish. So, ask me, tell me that you want me to spank you, to spank you hard. Do it!"

She stood there with her head down and addressed him in a very polite voice. "Mr. Stowe, I realize now all the pain that I caused you, when you were in my class and I your teacher. I never even thought of at least giving you a glimpse up my skirt or showing you a tit or a nipple. I realize that despite my inner love for doing such things, inner need for doing such things, I let my teacher's pride stand in my way of being for you what you needed. I'm truly sorry, sir, for acting that way. If you will, you can help me to better understand that action and how mean it was; if you will, I hope you will simply take me over your knee and spank my ass for being such a snot, and a bitch."

Clifford smiled as he grabbed Janet by the hand and forced her over his lap; in this position she was offering up to him her whole well rounded ass. He began with grim determination, slapping first her left ass cheek, then her right.

It happened that just then Samantha entered the room and simply stood and watched, as the spanking continued with Clifford's quick moving hand slapping the ever reddening ass cheeks of Janet's undefended ass. Samantha smiled and almost groaned: 'Very nice, Clifford, very nice indeed. There's more to you than I might have thought."

She continued to watch and smiled a broader smile as Janet began to cry and wail because of the fierceness of the spanking. Janet was loudly berating herself, calling herself dirty names for the way she'd acted, and promising to do anything he wanted, anything at all.

Clifford was really slapping her ass hard and began to pant from the efforts; Janet was becoming frantic with her writhing and crying.

He intoned: "I want you available as my bitch whenever I call."

"Yes, yes," she yelped, "Your bitch, this time, next time, any time, your bitch."

"And I want to take dirty pictures of you."

"Yes," she yelped again, "anytime and anywhere."

"Of course," he said still spanking: "At your house, at school, in the park, just anywhere I want."

And the spanking continued: "Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack" punctuated with his demands and her promises to do whatever he wanted.

"I want you available for my friends."

"Yes, yes, of course, sir; I'll let them do any dirty thing to me that they want."

It was just then that Samantha left laughing, and Clifford dumped Janet onto the floor. She moved immediately, still bawling and crying, over to him.

He watched as she negotiated the belt on his pants, moaning words like: "Let me, oh, let me, just let me."

He was delighted that she was beside herself. Then she had his pants down and scuttled behind him, clawing his ass cheeks apart and sticking her tongue and nose in between the cheeks of his ass, licking for all she was worth. When she had wetted him, licked him well, she scuttled around to the front and, putting her hands on her head, engulfed his stiff cock with her mouth. She felt like she was totally his.

She put her hands on his cock to guide it into her mouth and his reaction was swift. He slapped her face one way and then the other telling her to get her fucking hands on her head or behind her back. She moved her hands with alacrity to give him the initiative to not merely get a blow job from her but to actually fuck her face and her mouth.

She opened her mouth as wide as possible to take all of him. She was drooling spittle down her chin and onto her tits. She kept up a constant moan in her throat that was kind of urging him on as he battered her face with his stomach, and her throat with his cock.

Janet loved sucking cock, she really did and was good at it; but this was for her another world, another thing, something totally other: she was being face fucked and just when she thought that Clifford's hold on her and his appeal to her raw lust was as strong as it could be, he did something new, something like this and she was transfixed even more, sent even farther and even more determined to serve him in any way that he wanted.

"Play with yourself, cunt," he suddenly demanded, and it was exactly what she needed just then.

Her hands delved into the wet riches of her pussy and as he was blasting his cum down into her throat, causing her to momentarily choke, she was cuming in a shattering climax also.

She started to slump away from him but he held her by the hair and simply said: "Clean."

She knew what to do and did it quickly and well, cleaning his messy cock with her mouth. Then she slumped on the floor on her knees and simply cried! Her crying was shattering, intense, satisfying.

Samantha came in while she was at it and said, with real pride: "Clifford, you're a fucking genius. Look at what you've done. She will be like a puppy for you now. There's nothing she won't do for you. Mark my words."

Clifford hugged Samantha and grinned as he said: "Thanks, Sam."

Meanwhile over on the floor Janet was simply allowed to cry herself out. Clifford arranged his pants but made no move to allow Janet to get dressed. He motioned her over to where he had her new panties and bras on the table displayed.

She came quickly and before she even looked at her new clothes, she grasped his hand and kissed the back of his hand saying: "Clifford, there is simply no way that I can ever say a true and adequate thank you. You have simply marched into my life and made my fantasies real."

Looking up at him with an inquisitive look on her face, he shook his head 'yes' and came to her, allowing her to put her arms around his neck and press her nakedness against him.

"You do know, don't you that I'll do anything for you. Clifford, I mean it: anything. Please know that: just tell me and I will comply. If you want a slut, I will be that and more."

He smiled at her and said only: "I know."

And that was enough to give Janet the shivers. She had simply given up on ever feeling this way. Jimmie had so deadened her long ago that she never thought this would happen. And here it did and she was smiling, and sore but smiling.

There was a bit of plastic on the floor in the corner. Clifford told her to go to the plastic. She started to walk to the corner but a good swift slap to her ass propelled her to her knees and she crawled to the corner and waited, kneeling there.

Clifford didn't say anything at all at first. He opened his zipper and said: "Okay, open up."

Janet opened her mouth, inwardly pleased to get another chance to give him a blow job. He put his still softened cock in her mouth and to her great, great surprise simply started to piss.

Her hands fluttered but stayed away from his cock and she locked her mouth down on the pissing cock and took the warm fluid into her mouth and throat, gulping and gulping to keep up with his stream.

Neither of them noticed that once again Samantha was watching. Janet took the piss and licked her lips and cleaned the head of his prick with her lips afterward. She looked up at him with adoring eyes.

Clifford motioned to a small side door, saying to her: "There, clean and rinse. You can walk."

Janet hurried into the room. When she came out Samantha addressed her again: "You're a lucky lady to have found a man like him; a man who knows how to take care of you the way that your supposed to be taken care of."

Janet turned to Samantha and said: "I will always be in your debt for this, always. I just want to thank you so much. This is like living fantasies that I've had for decades hidden away."

Clifford was still across the room and motioned for her to join him. It was then that he showed her the panties that he'd picked out for her. They were bikinis with a few that were full to the waist. He didn't pick any thongs because he told her that bikinis and regular panties of nice satiny material were what really framed a great ass like hers best. She positively squealed with enthusiasm over the selection.

"Now," he said to her once the purchases were bagged and paid for. "I have other work to do but there are some things that I want you to know. I will contact you soon to get together. I want to mark you, with the quirt or a whip. I am going to hang you up and put stripes on you. You'd best have some time away from your husband. I also want pictures, as I've said, some at the school and some at your home. Those I might put on the internet with the face maybe altered and maybe not. I will want you to put out for my friends at some point; I will tell you when. Do you understand all this?"

"Yes, sir," she replied quietly but showing him with her face that what he had said was turning her on.

"For the time being you can still please your husband. If what I hear is correct, he doesn't appreciate what he has in you and maybe doesn't deserve you."

"Thank you, sir," she said again.

"Now, little one," he said to her. "Dress, take your things and go. We have all your information in our special customer files: address, phone numbers, e-mail. Get your own e-mail address and call here and tell me what it is. Make it only for you. I may want to send you dirty notes via e-mail."

"Oh," she cooed, "That sounds so exciting."

When Janet left, she could hardly believe how good and alive she felt. Going to the subway she pressed herself into the throng of bodies, not really caring who she bumped up against. This had been a day that just made her, she thought; just made her. In the packed subway train she was aware of those around her, as she kind of blended with those in the very back of the train.

She had a way to go. There were a number of random touches on her sides or her legs. These, she knew were normal. She always knew, when someone was trying to feel her up, and usually enjoyed it also. Sometimes the touch would come but not always. With new crowds getting on, she was now almost the person farthest back on the train.

Then she felt the touch. It was knuckles at her left ass cheek. She knew by the subtle insistence of it that someone was interested in a feel. She also knew by the use of the back of his hand that he was trying to do it undetected.

She waited for the hand to turn around. She knew that with the bouncing of the train the person was going to hope she wouldn't really notice. And it did, the hand turned around and gently cupped her ass cheek.

Then she did something unusual; she turned around sharply only to find a rather distinguished looking tall man, graying hair, with a very surprised look on his face. Janet just looked at him for a moment and smiled a vague smile.

Then, turning around again and moving one step over so that she was now blocking him from the rest of the car, she put her hands at the hem of her dress at each hip and carefully flipped up her dress until the hem was at her waist. The front was controlled by her hands and only the back was raised up.

It was only for him. She glanced over her shoulder at him and was pleased with the smile on his face as he first just gazed at her ass covered only with her peach colored bikini panties and then let his hand drift down to encompass her as cheeks, one after the other, and began to rub, knead and explore. Janet loved the sensation. Her part of the ride was coming to an end.

She turned and quietly said: "My stop."

The man nodded and smiled and taking a business card out of his pocket, wrote something on it briefly. Then he stuck it into the waist band of her panties. Janet turned around to him now and casually taking the card out of the back of her panties, and making sure that he was watching, lifted her dress and now tucked the card down the front of her panties, pushing it down to her pussy. She left him on the train wide eyed.

It was a few days later. She went to the mall and parked in the back of the lot on purpose; it gave her the pleasure of strutting through all of that distance with all sorts of people seeing her, watching her.

(She giggled at the very thought of her using the word strutting, because it was so unlike her, at least unlike, she decided, the way she used to be.

She loved the new clothes that her ultra exciting shopping trip of a few days ago produced. She wore a pleated mini that came above her knee and a silk blouse. She'd been tempted to wear no bra just to allow her nipples the chance to constantly rub against the silk fabric but that kind of courage still lay in the future for her it seemed.

She settled for a soft under-wired bra that still allowed the nipples to both grow and show. The bra was matched by the ensemble panties, which were the same color of tanish gold that the bra was; both were light and transparent.

"It's really too bad that no one can see me in these panties and this bra!" the voice of her increasingly free sexuality said to her.

Of course there was the opposite voice to warn her about getting what you wish for and not liking it. But thus far her new, she thought of them as new, experiences had been a turn on: the incident on the subway, the guys in the movie balcony, then the owners of the theater and certainly Clifford and shopping at the owner's sister, Samantha's store.

It was all so clear and still so real in her memory; she began to feel dampness in her panties between her legs just thinking of it. Just now she was disappointed at not finding more people in the lot to simply notice her. She went swinging into the mall hoping that it might change there.

It's true that she got appreciative stares in the mall; she was certainly attracting attention from the men. And she loved it. She strolled not really wanting to buy anything, just loving the sense of being out and being noticed. That stick in the mud "Jimmie" was at one of his holy meetings tonight.

Just then her attention was taken by three young guys angling across the mall toward her. She giggled to herself a little knowing that they were simply coming for a closer look. It was almost too late before she realized that it was three former chem students of hers, Danny, Charlie and Clem; they were called 'the three disasters' because of their reputation.

She had always been glad to stay away from them. They were also ones that she not only disliked intensely but, if the truth were known, she was afraid of a little. They stopped dead still about ten feet away from her; She heard their intake of breath and one of them whispering fiercely: "Shit! It's old lady Peters the chem teacher."

"Old lady Peters!" another said, "You're fucking kidding."

The third them chimed in: "Shit, guys, it is her."

They stood and stared for a long moment. This gave Janet the courage that she needed to simply say: "Hi, boys," and keep on going.

But she wasn't going to press her luck here. She made sure that she was alone as she headed for the next exit.

"That was close," she said to herself but then she quickly chided herself for being such a wimp. "They were, after all," she reasoned with herself, "only looking, staring, which is precisely what you wanted men to do. And maybe women too," she giggled again.

The thought made her smile as she was approaching her car. She neither heard them or saw them until they were almost upon her.

Her first intimation that they were even there was the whisper of "Hey, Mrs. Peters, how's the chemistry bitch?"

Janet's head snapped around and she saw them approaching. Suddenly parking this far back in the lot was not such a good idea any more.

"Uh," she swallowed, "Uh, I'm fine, guys, how are you?"

"So," one of them continued, "you remember us? Do you?"

"Uh, yes, I do," she said fairly quietly.

"You should, bitch," he continued now, "You flunked us and all three of us had to take remedials in the summer, fucked us up good."

"Uh," she now fairly stammered, "Uh, I don't remember it that well," she said, trying to slide into the car. But one of them put a hand on the door to prevent her from doing that.

"You sure have changed your image, Ms. Peter's" one of them said.

"Yeah, "another chimed in, "Downright foxy lady now."

"Thank you," she stammered, "But I have to go."

"No," Danny said quickly, "You can spend some time to talk just a bit with old pals, right? Right?"His second use of the word bore some real insistence.

"Uh, right," she now said, and she noticed that the very fact that she was afraid here was being a turn on. She was staggered by this new assertion of her growing sexual freedom.

She stepped away from the car and stood by the three of them.

"What do you want, guys?" she asked, and realized in asking that she was pretty much going to give in to whatever it was they wanted.

"What do we want, chem bitch?" Charlie said, "I think first of all we'll take your blouse!"

"My blouse?" her mixture of fear and sexual anticipation caused her to be non-plussed by the demand.

"Yes," he repeated, "Your blouse; you owe us, cunt, for fucking us up with your cocksucking 'f' in chemistry."

His tone was frightening her so she reached her hands to the buttons at the top of her blouse and unbuttoned it; when she was finished unbuttoning it, without hesitation, realizing it would do no good, she took the blouse off and handed it to them.

There were dirty comments now about her exposed tits; the bra did absolutely nothing to hide them at all.

"The skirt," came the next demand from Danny, and now she had tears in her eyes.

"Fellas," she pleaded, "don't do this to me, please!"

"Love to hear you beg, cunt!' Clem said.

And Danny repeated the words: "The skirt."

Janet removed her skirt and now the comments, lewd comments included comments about her pussy and ass, which were now on display for them.

One of them looked at his watch and said quietly: "Hey, Danny, it's already 8:00 o'clock."

The one named 'Danny', who was holding her blouse and skirt said: "Yeah, one more minute here." Turning back to Janet he said to her: "Now quickly, bitch, take off your bra and panties."

The demand really turned Janet on. She was still frightened and the fear and sexual energy were both motivating her. But here she was, Janet, old Jimmie's neglected wife, being ordered to strip in the parking lot of the mall by three former students. Ordered to do it and she was complying; she was doing it. This was so hot.

She reached around and unhooked the bra and added it to the pile of clothing that he was holding. Her tits swung free, the nipples hard and prominent. Danny gestured for her to get on with it and she skinned the panties down past her hips and ass cheeks and gave the skimpy garment to him also.

Janet was now standing in this parking lot with three former students who had demanded that she strip for them; she was now naked except for her heels and her breath was coming in shallow gasps. Then they turned to go. All three of them turned to go.

"My clothes!" she wailed, "Don't go with my clothes!"

They turned back to her and said: "It's payback time, Mrs. Peters; you get to go home naked."

"Noooooooooooo," again she wailed. "He'll never understand; there'll be a fuss and it'll all come back to you; please don't. Look," she smiled at them as she was saying the next thing: "Look, keep the underwear as a kind of a token from me to you; give me my blouse and skirt. Then, uh," now she was thinking on her feet and the answer came to her in a flash. "Take a few moments now and I'll give each of you a blow job and we'll make arrangements for another time, when all three of you will get to fuck me. Fuck me in any hole that you want. I won't say 'no' to anything."

They looked at each other then to decide what to do but Janet had already made up her mind and went quickly to kneel in front of Danny, who was holding her clothes. She quickly had his cock out, first looking at it and then licking it and just as quickly, before they said anything else, had his cock in her mouth, using her tongue and lips on it, pulling it into the back of her throat. This was something she knew that she really liked; she liked the taste, even when they were sweaty and strong, she liked the texture, this was sweet.

"A cock sucker!" Charlie intoned, "Peters the chem cunt is a cock sucker." He said it as though amazed.

She simply looked up and nodded in agreement, while continuing to suck on the cock in her mouth. Danny came quickly enough and she swallowed it. Then she took on the Charlie, who was a bit smaller and didn't last as long. Clem had a fatter cock and lasted a bit long but she ended up with a mouthful of cum from each of them.

"How do we know you'll keep your part of the bargain?" Charlie said suspiciously. She had a thought then and reached into the depths of her purse bringing out a small digital camera.

"Take a picture of me," she said, "here naked. Then if I don't keep my word, you can hold it over my head."

"Cool!" was the general agreement to this arrangement.

The picture of her standing naked except for her heels was taken. Then she took out the digital card that had only the picture of her on it and handed it to them. She also took out a felt tipped pen and taking the panties from the hands of the one who seemed to be the leader wrote: "From Janet Peters as a token of gratitude." and she signed her name.

"There," she said, "you can see that I'm serious." She thanked them for letting her give them blow jobs, and for giving her clothes to her, once she had her blouse and skirt on. She reached in her purse and taking out a pad wrote her cell phone number on it and her private e-mail address. They turned to go, Danny still clutching her panties and bra.

"We won't forget," he said.

"Please don't,"was her answer, as she got into her car.
Chapter 3 »
Home | Top | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 2|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 3
Posted: November 07, 2009 - 06:23:23 pm

"A phone call!" Janet raged, "A fucking phone call! That's all I get." She was angry enough that the profanity was rolling off of her lips. "He gives me only a fucking phone call."

She was dressed specially in an outfit that she'd hoped would turn Jimmie on: short skirt, silky blouse without a camisole, lovely pink panties and bra, high heels and all for nothing. She was just starting the process of making a nice dinner for them. They'd agreed that this would be their evening. Jimmie said it would be, in his words, 'romantic.'

"Romantic, Shit!" was her next comment to no one in particular.

All he did was call and say that there was a problem in a parish up state and three of them were going to investigate or help out. He said that he was sorry and would be a day or two.

"And here she was," Janet thought, "Once again all dressed up and nowhere to go. Well, fuck this," she exploded, "she'd at least go to the mall. Maybe a movie, maybe something, maybe anything. That bastard Jimmie."

She drove out and went on her way, hardly even paying attention to the way she was going. Before she knew it she was in a neighborhood across town that she normally didn't go to. Then it struck her. She knew her students and some of them she even knew where they came from, and she also knew, she was smiling now, that this was the neighborhood where she might just find 'the three disasters."

After admitting this to herself, and she realized how turned on she was by the knowledge, she kept a sharp lookout around her. Janet's luck was in that night. She saw them, Danny, Charlie and Clem, hanging out at a corner near a 7-11 store. She was tempted at the last minute to pass right by but pulled into the 7-11 lot, and with a deep breath got out of her car and walked around the corner of the building.

They saw here immediately: "Hi, guys," she said with a shy smile.

"Fuck me," Charlie said, "Hey look; she's here; she actually kept her word."

"Of course I'm here," she said, "I told you I would be."

"We remember what you told us, bitch," Danny said.

"This is going to be an interesting evening." He nodded to the others and simply took Janet by the elbow, propelling her back into the lot toward her small car. "Come one, bitch," he said with an evil tone, making Janet shiver, "You're ours now."

They stopped by the car and Danny looked at her. She wore a chain around her neck. "What's that from?" he said.

"Uh," she answered,"It's from my mother."

"Okay," he told her, "Take it off and put it in the glove box, and take off your wedding ring. You're totally ours tonight and you don't belong to or are reminded of anyone else."

This sent another huge shiver through her system. "Yes, Danny," she said, "Can I call you 'Danny?'"

"No," he told her, "It's 'sir' or 'master' for al of us."

Janet kind of gulped, wondering what she had gotten herself into and realizing that she was looking forward to it. "Yes, master," she said softly.

The three guys laughed. Danny said:"Okay, bitch, make it 'sir', the 'master' thing sounds too corny."

"Yes, sir," was Janet's immediate answer.

"Okay," Danny now continued, he seemed to be the leader of the group, "Tell us why you're here; and don't fucking lie."

"Well," Janet began in a kind of breathy voice, she was really feeling the heat of the situation and was really eager to see where it would go, "I've been left in the lurch by my prick husband, who went off to some kind of church thing. We have a big evening, a romantic evening planned, and he just left."

At that point Janet broke down into tears. They just watched. Her sobbing made her tits wiggle under the silk fabric of her shirt. They liked that. She got a hold on herself and continued: "And I did make a promise to get together with you again. And..."

"And," Danny cut in, "You're willing to do what? Tonight?"

Janet kind of gulped and looked around at each one of them and, fully realizing what she was saying, said: "Anything you want to do."

"Hear that, guys? Peters the chem cunt says: 'Anything!' We'll, Ms. Peters, Ms. Slut for A Night Peters, Ms. Take My Pictue Naked and I'll Autograph My Panties Peters, you're in for a night. We have very good imaginations. Don't we, guys?"

"Fucking right we do," was the chimed answer of Charlie and Clem.

Then Janet looked at them simply and said: "What shall I do?"

"Give me the keys," Danny said,"We'll take you for a ride to somewhere more private."

"Yes, sir," she said earnestly and handed over the keys.

They moved toward the car and Janet looked at Danny for instructions.

She went to open the front door and Danny said: "No, bitch; you get in the back and lie across Charlie and Clem's legs. And every single thing that they do to you, no matter how slight, you tell me, since I'll be driving and out of the action. Do you understand?"

She hesitated a second too long and he slapped her face and shouted at her: "Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir," I understand, she said with tears in her eyes.

The fear of it was making her panties wetter and wetter.

Clem and Charlie got in and Janet piled in on top of them, lying across their laps. As Danny got into the driver's seat, she said to him, trying to obey and please:

"Charlie has my skirt up to my waist."And then, "Clem is unbuttoning my blouse."

"Keep the play by play coming, cunt!" Danny demanded.

She gave him another 'yes, sir.' and then told of her skirt being taken off altogether and her blouse being taken off too.

The ride went this way; it was a constant stream of messages from Janet to Danny about what was happening. That one of them was biting her ass. (And mentioned how well she marked with the suggestion of a hickey session later.) Someone was pinching her nipple.

Then a series of "mmmppfff', "mmmmppfffs" because Clem had pushed her head down onto his cock, since her head was in his lap.

Danny also took the occasion to impress upon her what her situation actually was.

He questioned her; asking her who she was: "Your former chemistry teacher." "And why are you here?"

"I came looking for you three."

"Why?"

"I promised to let you fuck me."

"What else are you willing to do, Ms. Peters?"

"I will do anything that you tell me to do."

"Is this exciting for you?"

"Yes, sir, it's extremely exciting."

"Since you're a teacher that we recently had in school, tell me what you're wearing back there and what is happening."

"I'm wearing only my panties and bra, it's all that these two gentlemen will allow me to wear; one of them now has a finger up my asshole, and the other is making me lick his cock."

"Sounds like you're being treated like a slut, Ms. Peters. Is that so?"

"Yes, it is," she returned.

"Why is that, Ms. Peters?" he finally demanded.

"Because, sir," I am a slut!"

"Whose slut tonight?"

"Yours," she admitted simply. By the time the ride was over and this dialogue had taken place, she was deeply into her subservient role with them, and finding it really exciting.

They finally arrived at the 'private place' where they were going. It was in the country and there was a road leading up to the place. They left the car and began to walk up the road; it was dusk but light enough.

"Stop," Danny said and Janet stopped where she was. She was carrying her blouse and skirt and dropped them, when told.

Danny looked at her and smiled, it wasn't a pleasant smile. "Take off your panties and bra; we want you naked."

Janet did so quickly, putting the bra and then the panties on the pile of her clothing.

"I'm going to ask our questions again and I want the correct answers. Only this time I'm going to help you along a little; okay?"

"Okay," she said in a very small voice; "I mean, yes, sir," Janet added quickly. She let out an "Ohh," when Danny dragged the belt from off his waist.

"You don't mind some pain, do you, Ms. Peters?"

She was quick with a "No, sir; whatever you want."

"I thought so," he smiled. "Now, first, who are you; tell us."

As she was saying "I am Janet Peters your former chemistry teacher," she was interrupted in mid sentence by the cracking of the belt across her ass.

"Don't stop because you're being spanked or you'll get it worse and longer. Now, why are you here?"

"I came looking for you (Crack!) to allow you, (Crack, Crack) to have sex with me, (Crack); any kind of sex you want." (Crack,, Crack, Crack).

Janet was now on the verge of tears. "Now, why would you do that?"

(Loud Crack as the belt crashed against her thighs causing her to 'yip' and jump but she continued: "Because I have discovered that I'm a slut and I wanted to act slutty with you; to have you pinch my nipples, and bite my ass, and force my head on your cocks (Crack, Crack, Crack) and to have you beat me, beat my ass with a belt because I deserve it (Crack, Crack, Crack!) Then she broke down totally and said: "Pleeeeeease, don't hit me any more; I'll do ... uh ... whatever you want." (Crack, Crack, Crack.) Then he stopped.

"So, slut," he continued and they all faced her, her ass cheeks were glowing red. "Your ass looks nice so red,"

"Thank you, sir," she managed.

"Here comes the payback. We've talked about this and know what we want to do to you for those 'fs'. And let me tell you; if you have any kind of thought of saying 'no' to anything we ask, we'll leave you stripped naked and tie you to a tree and leave you here for the night. Am I clear?"

"Completely sir," she said quickly, "This slut is ready to do as she's told."

"How do you feel," he wanted to know.

She gave her answer fairly quickly: "It's strange but I feel good, somehow. I know that I'm your teacher; that I'm much older than you, and that I, your teacher am standing here on this darkening road totally naked, I mean my necklace and my wedding ring are gone. But it feels exciting and it feels okay because I want to be this way because you want me this way. My husband, you see, has been a worthless wimp, interested only in his churchy things, and now is time for me, and if this is what you demand of me here and now, it's what I want to do. That's kind of it." She concluded.

She was hardly ready for what he told her to do: "Well, here's payback, Slutty Ms. P, piss yourself! Do it right here and right now."

Janet was shocked and everything that came later was squarely built on what she did next. Her attitude; her realization of her attitude; what all the experiences until now had been building to, all of it coalesced here.

Without a thought further; without hesitation, she pissed.

Why? Because they told her to. They were hooting and cheering, and shouting about what a slut she was, while the piss ran out, down her legs and onto a small muddy spot on the dirty road. There were tears in her eyes but she was totally aware of what she was doing and why.

She only mumbled a short: 'Yes, sir," as the piss ran down her legs.

Next came a gleeful: "Kneel in it, woman."

And she did.

The last bridge had been crossed and to anyone who was 'in the know', from that moment on she became a play thing. And what is more, she enjoyed that.

This standing and pissing and then kneeling in her mud excited her further, leading her to put her fingers to her pussy, wet as it was.

"Look at the slut playing with herself," Charlie shouted.

"Taste your fingers now," Clem said, and she did.

"Not bad," she thought to herself.

But her thoughts were cut off by Danny who said: "Now let's help her, guys."

She looked wide eyed as they approached and each took out his cock and they began to piss on her: in her face, her tits, her lap, her pussy and finally in her open mouth. It made a puddle around her, when the piss ran down off of her body into the dirt. They all pissed, strong streams ran off of her, her mouth overflowed and the piss ran down her chin and over her tits and into the dirt.

She sat in the mud and the told her to take the mud now, smear her hands and then smear it on herself.

She did so gladly, a strange sense of a kind of elation was rising within her. She smeared the pissy mud on her stomach and then on her tits and then her face; she reached around and smeared it on her ass too.

By then, much to the guys' surprise, she was laughing.

She turned to them and, begging their pardon, said: "This is so crazy, so dirty, so humiliating that it's wonderful. I've never even lived or known how to live and here you are, students and making me do things that before I wouldn't even have thought about. And doing them only because you've told me to do them. I just love this, love it and I'm sorry that my tight assed husband can't see me now."

She ended simply laughing with a kind of joy. A joy that resided in the fact that she could see and understand this lovely submission that had overcome her, had taken her over completely and she simply knew that she liked it.

"Now, sirs," she said with some glee, "If there's a way to clean me up, unless you want to fuck a dirty girl, your teacher has made a promise to make any and all of her holes available and I intend to keep that promise. Clean me up and take your pick: pussy, tits, ass, mouth, put your cocks where you want. I have all sorts of time to get fucked here."

They had been watching her with a kind of wonder, laughing with her and saying things like: "Fucking slut," "Piss lovely cunt."

And she said, "Yes, yes, yes, I am; your piss loving cunt; and your piss loving teacher wants to get laid. Can you help me out?"

"You bet," was what they said. They hauled her out of the mud and made her walk in front of them up the lane toward a building.

Clem cut a switch from the tree and whacked her ass with it. She jumped and 'yipped' at the impact and they laughed. He kept doing it and she kept yelling and they kept laughing.

When they got to the house, for that's what it was, Charlie disappeared and came back with a hose and gave her a cold water shower from the hose, causing Janet to run around squealing. They were delighted at this development and followed her with the hose and rinsed off all of the mud.

It ended with her on her knees in the grass simply allowing them to hose her down. When they turned the water off, she looked up and Danny and Clem were already naked and coming for her, with Charlie not too far behind.

"Come fuck your teacher," she crooned to them as they closed in on her.

She took them all. They each got to fuck her in every hole, just as she's said. She took them three at a time, pussy, asshole and mouth, and loved it.

She loved the dirty comments and the grunting and the fucking, she loved all of it.

She thought to herself that this was a kind of place that she should have visited earlier and more often, and she was glad that she'd gotten there at least by now, and Jimmie could go and screw himself.

She got home late but satisfied. Long into the night she thought especially about Clem's lovely thick cock, the nicest of the three.

Through the foggy vail of sleep she heard the phone. She groped for it and didn't at first recognize the voice. Someone young was asking her if she was alright. She struggled into focus and finally recognized Clem's voice.

"I'm fine, honey," she managed with a sleepy voice.

"I could hardly sleep," was his next comment.

"I got such a workout that I almost passed out, after my shower," she said with a small laugh.

"What are you wearing," he demanded softly.

"Nothing but my smile," she giggled to him.

"No chain or ring?" were his next questions.

"No," she answered,"They're on the bureau."

She noticed that he was a little more hesitant now without his friends. She found that somehow charming too.

"I, uh, was wondering," he began, "I mean with your husband not home and all, and how much we ... I ... uh enjoyed last night,"

"Yes?" she prompted him.

"How about now? I mean are you free?"

Again she was charmed by his stumbling. "Clem, just tell me what to do; you should know that by now; and I'm not only free, I'm naked, and I spent a good deal of time in bed last night playing with myself and thinking of your magnificent, thick, long cock, and how it would be nice to be choking on it."

"Meet me;" he said simply.

A wash of thrill rolled through her; 'could this really be happening to me?' she thought pleased, 'This is a life I really enjoy.'

"When," she asked him.

"Now," he said and told her where. I'll be waiting. Janet got up; did her hair and then put on heels and, at first considering, and then giggling with the thought, got out her trench coat and went for the car naked except for her trench coat and shoes.

"I think he'll like this." She whispered to herself.

She didn't see him at first but when she pulled in to the curb, as he had told her, there he was stepping out of the shadows. She got out of the car and smiled at him, as he stood waiting for her to approach.

She asked quietly: "May I take off my coat?" He nodded and she took off the trench coat; it left her standing on the dark street totally naked except for shoes.

"Oh, shit," he said breathlessly; "You are luscious, just plain luscious."

"Thank you, sir," she replied to him as she stepped up to him.

She reached for him immediately and, first licking his lips with her tongue, gave him a huge wet tongue kiss, opening her mouth to his tongue as though it were a prick she was taking in.

'Soon, ' she said to herself with glee, 'Soon.'

"Glad to see me," he said with a smile.

"Elated," was her return, giving him another kiss. "This is so fine," she breathed into his chest, as she clung to him. "It makes me feel so alive to be here with you, bare assed naked except for my shoes, while you are still dressed. It puts things into their place."

Then she looked up at him and asked: "How do you like your teacher now?"

"This is how I like her," he said, moving her hand to the front of his jeans to feel his stiff cock.

"And where's that going, if I might ask, sir?" He grinned at her, "Every hole, teacher, every hole."

They went back to the place where they had been. He fetched the key and they went inside.

"I've joined the Marines," he told her, a bit of pride in his voice.

"Really?" she enthused.

"Really," he said with conclusion.

"Then," she continued, "Let's make this special."

"It already is with you here," he said.

She noticed how different he was without the other two companions. His hand went for his belt but she went to him and stopped his hand.

"Please, let me." she said. He just smiled and sat down on a chair to let her undress him. She sunk to her knees and cradled his foot in her lap.

She considered his black boots for a moment before saying: "They're dirty; here let me clean them."

It shocked him and caused his cock to jump that his naked teacher reached down and began to lick his boots.

"Please don't mind," she said, "It's what I should be doing for you."

His beaming smile was the only answer that she needed. She ran her wet tongue across the toes of his boots and then around the sides and back by the heels. She got them wet but cleaned them in the process.

When she was done, she looked up at him and asked him: "May I get a drink to rinse my mouth? I don't want to ask you to kiss me, when my mouth is dirty."

He replied immediately: "I'd kiss you with your mouth filled with piss."

She beamed in turn now and said: "Thanks, marine," as she rose and took his lips and tongue again.

"Now these can come off," she said, removing his shoes and socks and setting them carefully aside. Now she cradled his bare feet and bending down again, took his toes into her mouth to suck on his toes.

"Ohhh, shit!" he said sharply, as she continued to lick and suck on his toes.

"Lovely feet," she intoned and began to suck on the toes on the other foot.

Janet was inventing as she went along but allowing her imagination to simply goad her on. She was loving it, savoring it and his constant comments about the beauty of her nakedness egged her on.

"Please stand, "she said to him then. He stood and she unbuckled his belt and soon had his pants and underwear off. She clung to him from her kneeling position with her head sideways against his stomach and cock, and her hands around his waist and clinging to his ass cheeks.

She urged him to turn around and, sensing what was coming from this intensely hot woman, he said to her: "I showered."

"Oh," she giggled, "A clean marine!"

With that she buried her face in his ass, spreading his ass cheeks with her hands and beginning her rim job by licking the outer edge of his ass cheeks and working her way inward.

She was in a totally different place that she almost ever knew. The sensations just kept on rushing in on her and Janet kept giving herself over to them. She wondered what Jimmie the bore would think of this: his prissy teacher wife, kneeling next to of a former student totally naked, (bare assed naked was her thought and it made her smile, just the phrase.) and licking his asshole. Her tongue went in deeper and deeper. She had him moaning now. Her hands had a hold on his large and very thick cock, and her tongue now reached the inner circle of his ass, poking at his asshole, to try to gain entrance.

Clem was moaning with a low voiced "Uhhhhhhhhhh!", as Janet's tongue slipped into the ring of his ass to continue her rimming.

She sat back with a smile then and grinned at him saying: "Want to kiss your teacher now?"

His swift actions to grab her up from her position and lock his lips to hers answered for her and caused a squeal of delight from her. When the kiss was finished, she knelt again and said to him:

"I need to wet this well now; I would like to have it first in my ass. May I."

"You get him wet," Clem said, "and I'll use him."

She licked the cock up and down and then got down on her hands and knees and said to him: "Take me; fuck me like a dog. Use my asshole for your pleasure."

She squealed with both delight and pain, as he entered her asshole and began his steady pumping fuck of her there. She was pleased that the pain of the ass fucking quickly subsided into the heat of sex for her.

He fucked her ass and then she took him into her mouth and cleaned him. He was amazed, he was over the hill with the fucking and the treatment she was giving, and she was so far into the heat of it that she was ready for anything.

They took a slight break, which she ended by giving him a blow job to get him ready for her pussy. Then he fucked her pussy, filling her in a way that no one else ever had. When done, she cleaned him again with her mouth before kissing him and sharing the taste of her pussy through her mouth with him.

They took another break then.

"I have to get you back," he said, "It's getting late, or maybe I should say that it's getting early."

"One more thing," she said to him, "One more thing, I beg of you and then we can go."

"What is it, teach?" he said with a grin, "What more could there be?"

She looked at him and said: "I want you to throat fuck me. I mean, uh, you know, take me into the bathroom, in case it makes me sick and all, but make me kneel by the toilet and shove it into my mouth and down my throat until I drool and spit just from the force of it."

"Oh, shit," he wailed, "Are you fucking hot or are you fucking hot?"

They went into the bathroom and he positioned her by the toilet, as she had suggested. She knelt in anticipation as he took over. He wasn't gentle about it at all. His cock was rampant from the mere suggestion. He pulled her hands behind her back and tied them with a cord that was handy, causing her to groan in anticipation.

Then he stuffed his cock in her mouth, and, grabbing her by the hair, forced it into her throat. She gagged but her held it there. He pulled it out and some liquid ran from her mouth and onto her tits but he rammed his cock into her throat again, and again.

"Take it, cunt," he snarled, "take it you cock sucking whore; take my cock into your throat, you naked nasty bitch."

The only sound from Janet was the uhnnnmmm of her throat being assaulted. He came and came, depositing his cum on her face and her tits; some hit her eyelids and she was well decorated. She knelt and simply breathed hard, as he went and got a wash cloth to clean her up. They were both finished and they both knew it. The ride back to town was silent only because they were fucked out.

"Thank you so much for that," she said to him, after a final kiss.

"Good night, teacher," he said as he left.

It seemed to her that a great deal then happened in a very short time period. Clem was gone to the Marines. She didn't see Charlie or Danny at all after that; it was as though the world swallowed them up.

Then Jimmie up and announced that he was f going into a foreign mission field. They talked about it briefly but it was obvious that he didn't want her to accompany him. Nor did she wish to go.

She spent a good deal of time thinking and thinking about her encounters at the store with Clifford these days. And fairly quickly Jimmie was just gone and she had to move. It was startling but so like him to do something so quickly.

Not knowing really what to do, Janet finally went to the store to talk to Samantha. On the way in she didn't see anyone that she knew, although she kept an eye out for Clifford. He didn't seem to be there. Samantha was genuinely glad to see her, and embraced her asking: "How my little girl is doing?"

It was then that it all came to a head. The shock of Jimmie leaving, the obviousness of the marriage being over, a waste, the lingering excitement about the last encounter in the store, when she was buying panties and was 'taken care of' by Clifford. Janet simply broke down and started to sob, clinging to Samantha ever more fervently.

"Hey, hey, hey," Samantha said, sitting Janet down and pulling up a chair to talk to her. "You go ahead, and tell Sam everything; then we'll work on it."

"Oh, thank you," wailed Janet, and began by telling Samantha what a sexual waste marriage to Jimmie had been, saying that only the night time sneaky fun was any good, and only because she, Janet, did it to him.

Then she went on to tell Sam that Jimmie had up and left, going to a mission field and that he really hadn't wanted her with him and she didn't want to go anyway. She said that it had all been so quick, she just didn't know where to turn.

"To me, of course," Samantha said, "You're one of my own and I take care of my own. Tell me what you want, sweetie."

The kindness and almost motherly nature of Samantha's help kept Janet crying for a bit. But gradually she got it out that she wanted to be rid of Jimmie.

"Fine," Samantha said. "You wait a minute."

She made a phone call and was shortly talking to someone named Lawrence. Samantha made arrangements for Janet to talk briefly to Lawrence, telling Janet that Lawrence was the best for divorce and legal problems.

He said to Janet that he would be happy to take care of the problem, and that it sounded like a case of abandonment. Janet told him that Jimmie had refused to even be represented.

When the call was finished, Janet propelled herself into Samantha's arms with gratitude, thanking and thanking her.

"Tell me what I can do, to show my appreciation," Janet said.

Samantha smiled and lowered her lips to Janets, kissing her and slowly inserting her tongue in Janet's mouth.

"Just continue to be as sweet and cooperative as you've been thus far. But you'd better get your sweet ass going, Lawrence will be waiting for you."

Janet kissed her again and went to the lawyer's office, which was not far away.

When Janet arrived at the lawyer's office, the secretary told her that Mr. Soltis would see her right away. Janet thanked her, as she was shown into the office. The rather tall, somewhat gray haired man behind the desk had his back to the door and turned to hang up the phone.

Janet was struck almost dumb to be in the presence of the very same man for whom she had raised her dress and shown her panties on the subway.

"Well, hello!" he said cheerfully with a huge grin on his face, "You are Mrs. Peters?"

"Uh," Janet stammered, "Uh, yes, I'm Janet Peters."

"Well, Mrs. Janet Peters, who wears such lovely panties and is so very generous, please sit down and we'll talk about the problem."

Janet sat and was aware of the fact that her relatively short skirt rode up but she made no move to pull it back down. There was a sexuality in the air that was turning her on, and she really was beginning to think that the problem with Jimmie's leaving would be taken care of.

"You look, very nice," he continued.

"Thank you Mr. Soltis," she answered and blushed just a little.

"That was a very nice thing that you did on the train," he continued. "Do you do that often?"

"No," she said quietly, "It's just that lately I've kind of come out of a shell; I've been living a really repressed kind of life and, well, that's now past. I wouldn't have even had the courage to do what I did on the t rain just a month or two ago."

"You must tell me what happened to change that, some time." he said smiling, "It was a really lovely thing you did, unexpected, sexy, almost overwhelming and then taking my card and sticking it down the front of your panties almost cost me my composure. I can assure you of that."

"I enjoyed that," was her quiet answer.

"How nice," he said, "So did I. I still think about it."

Janet looked at him directly and said in a small voice: "I'll do it again, if you want me to, or anything else, you know."

"What a nice offer," he said grinning, "But first let's do our legal stuff."

Once he heard her out he told her that it really looked fairly straight forward, that Jimmie had in effect abandoned her and they would sue on that basis. He didn't see any reason why a quick resolution couldn't be expected. He would start the procedures that very day and would hope, due to the circumstances, to have some results for her within a week's time. He took all the pertinent information and called in his assistant, Jackie, to begin working on the forms that were needed.

Janet rose and thanked him profusely for his help. He told her to be sure to thank Samantha that she was a very powerful woman and with her on Janet's side, she was in very good hands.

Janet went to shake hands with him, not sure what to do next, if anything. He looked at her and said quietly: "You really don't make most decisions in sexual matters by yourself now do you?"

"No, I don't," was Janet's reply. "I rely on, kind of, you know count on, being told what to do and made to do it then."

"What a wonder,"he said, a young, truly gorgeous, sexy submissive with outstanding tits and a wonderful ass. You have the total picture."

"Thank you," she said quietly. "You really turned me on, on the subway, when your hand turned and kind of cupped my ass." She said this without looking at him and in a rather shy voice.

He smiled again, and said: 'Well, we won't talk about doing anything regarding that just now or here."

"Yes, I understand," she murmured. "I really appreciate your help; he just up and left, getting one of his religious ideas and I just didn't know where to turn."

"It's going to be fine," he assured her.

"Thank you," she said, then turning to go.

"Maybe," he concluded, "We'll meet on the train again some time.

"I hope so," she said, "Or anything else."

"Hmm," he laughed softly, "Anything?"

"Yes," was her reply.

Just as she was about to go, she had a crazy notion and decided to act on it immediately. She turned back to face him and reaching up with trembling hands began to unbutton her dress. He said nothing but stared. When the buttons were all done, she opened the dress revealing red bikini panties and a red bra.

She just held the dress open for him to see. Then she moved her hands, hooking her fingers in the waist band of her panties and skinned them down her legs, past her ass and thighs and off. She walked to him across the office and placed the panties in his hands.

He whispered a 'thank you' as she buttoned up and went to leave. As she glanced back, he was sniffing the panties with a smile.

He was also as good as his word. The proceedings took very little time. Jimmie had asserted in writing his desire not to be represented and the marriage was quickly ended due to abandonment. Janet simply had to show up at Lawrence' office for the papers and formalities.

Her consolation during that difficult time was teaching. She didn't even use the balcony of the theater much. She knew what would be involved with that. Her former involvement with the theater, Melissa, Joe, the guys in the balcony, the figures on the subway, Samantha, Clifford, all of it seemed almost an illusion, certainly one that she enjoyed but nevertheless an illusion.

It was shortly after this difficult time period that she was cleaning up in her room. She had, during that time period, taken to working a bit late in her room. The janitor didn't mind, since he had other work to do and could get to her room last. She was always left alone.

So, she was surprised, when the door to her room opened, and, looking up, she saw Clifford standing there. Seeing him jolted her.

"Heard you've been having a rough time, Babe," he said with a comforting smile.

"Yes," was her only answer and it all kind of swept over her. She went to him and with her arms around his neck, laid her head against him shoulder and just wept. He let her go for quite a while, rubbing her back, as she let it all out.

"Tell me," he said, and she did. All of the upheaval with Jimmie, who was now gone.

"Well," said Clifford, "it's time to live again."

Janet smiled at that.

Clifford went on: "I brought a camera with me, and I want some pictures."

"Pictures," she said with a kind of small quiet voice.

"Yes, pictures. You'd better not have gone back to ugly panties!" he said with some authority in his voice.

It kind of snapped in place for Janet. She remembered it and the feeling and all of it came surging back.

She answered with a subdued manner: "No, sir, I certainly haven't."

"Show me," was his next word to her.

With no hesitation, just like the old Janet was now back, she raised the hem of her black a-line skirt to show him a pair of tiny yellow bikini panties, barely hiding her pussy hair.

"Good girl," Clifford said with a smile. She thanked him.

"Okay," he ordered,"First just at the blackboard writing something with chalk."

Janet went to the board and stood as though writing, and smiled for Clifford and the camera.

"Nice," he intoned, "Now without the blouse."

"The janitor?" she asked lightly.

"Is my friend," Clifford assured her, "And will leave us alone for the next hour, and if he happens upon us, you get to give him a blow job."

"Blow job," she said next.

"Are you addled?" he demanded.

It brought her around again, and she said "Sorry, I'm just having some focus problems. It's just that we're kind of blending parts of my life that I've kept separate here."

"Yes," he grinned, "Fun, isn't it?"

She simply smiled back at him, letting her pussy take over, which was already getting wet with Clifford back.

"Yes, blouse," she said, and proceeded to take off her blouse. The next photo showed her at the board wearing her black a-line skirt and her yellow bra.

It was beginning to make her hot to have her picture taken here in school, while stripping for him.

"Lovely," Clifford said.

"Thank you, sir," she replied.

"Put your blouse back on now," he ordered, which she did. "And take off your skirt."

The next photo had her at the board with her blouse on and her skirt off, standing in heels, blouse and panties.

"Ohh," she moaned, as he took the picture.

"Now, off with the blouse again," he told her.

She moved to do as she was told, and the next picture was taken with Janet standing at the board as thought to write wearing her yellow panties and bra.

"Very nice," he delighted. Then the door opened and the janitor stood there wide eyed.

"Dewy!" Clifford said with enthusiasm, "How are you, man?"

Clifford went to Dewy and shook his hand.

"Mr. Clifford, good to see you," the janitor said. He was still staring at Janet in her yellow panties and bra.

Clifford said: "We're taking some pictures here, Dewy; we won't be long."

"Fine," Dewy said, "But can I watch?"

"Sure," Clifford said almost gaily, "Janet won't mind at all; will you?"

Clifford gave Janet a look that told her exactly what he wanted her to say.

"Uh, no, Dewy, your watching is not problem at all."

"I must say, Ms. Peters," Dewy continued, "You're gorgeous; I never had any idea at all."

Janet blushed a little and said: "Why thank you, Dewy."

Then Clifford took over again. "Turn to the board and write some chemical formulas; you're teaching here."

Janet did as she was told, writing chemical formulas on the board and grinning at the camera. Her nipples were hard and visible, as were her pussy and ass. Clifford was taking the pictures and Dewy was staring.

"Okay now," Clifford ordered,"Off with the bra and continue to kind of write on the board."

Janet was really getting into it now, especially since she was now exposed to another man. She removed her bra and let her tits swing free and turned to the board for the picture.

Dewy said: "Wow."

"Nice tits, Dewy, huh?" Clifford said, while snapping.

"Damn nice, is what I say," Dewy remarked.

"Now," Clifford continued, "Let's go for it. Off with the panties, Janet."

"Yes, sir," she said to him.

"Hmm,"Dewy said smiling, "Sir? You sure got her where you want her, boy."

"Yes, Dewy," Clifford laughed, "I certainly do."

In the meantime, Janet had removed her panties and was now naked except for her shoes. Dewy was gaping and Janet was posing, while Clifford snapped photos.

"Now we're going down the hallway," Clifford said, "I want a photo of you naked walking down the hallway."

They went out into the hall and Clifford took photos of Janet going down the hallway; he took some from the front and from the back. They came to a boys' toilet and Clifford told Janet to open the door and pose in the doorway of the boys' toilet. She smilingly obliged.

"Now inside," he said, and the three of them went in.

"We're going to do a little writing here, Dewy;" Clifford said with a smile, "You don't mind, do you?"

"Hell, Mr. Clifford," Dewy answered,"For the show I'm getting here, you can do a lot of writing and I won't mind."

"Good," Clifford said, and handed Janet a felt tipped pen. Go into the first stall and write on the wall: 'Ms. Peter's sucks cock.'"

Janet reddened a bit and went into the stall and did as she was told. Clifford took a picture of her coming out of the toilet.

"Now the next one," Clifford said,"Write: 'Ms. Peters likes to suck young cock. Ask her.'"

"Oh, dear!" Janet said.

"Turning you on, babe?" Clifford asked.

"Yes, sir," she said, "It really is."

"Sir again," Dewy said with a smile, "Amazing."

"Let's see," Clifford continued, "There's another thing I want to do, while we're here in the hallway."

He took a dog collar from the pockets of his cargo pants and giving it to Janet, told her to put it on. Janet complied, while Dewy just looked on and smiled. Then he retrieved a long chain leash that he attached to the dog collar.

"Okay," Clifford said, looking at Janet, "Where do you need to be?"

"On my hands and knees" she answered with her eyes downcast.

This caused Clifford to slap her face, saying to her in a loud voice: "Look at me, when I'm talking to you, bitch."

She looked up immediately and apologized for being so rude. "Apologize to Dewy also," Clifford demanded.

Janet turned to Dewy and said: "I'm sorry, Dewy. that you had to witness me being so rude."

Dewy simply shook his head and said: "I don't fucking believe it."

"Where now?" Clifford reminded the naked teacher.

She went down onto the floor and said, looking up at him: "On my hands and knees."

"Good doggie," Clifford said and patted her head.

(All the while Janet was wondering if they could see how slicked with her own pussy juice her thighs were.)

"Okay, Dewy," Clifford continued, "Do me a favor here; take the leash and just walk her a bit up and down the hall, while I take pictures."

It was all that Janet could do to keep from moaning, as Dewy led her up the hall a way and the back toward Clifford, who was taking pictures all the while.

"Now to the Janitor's room," Clifford said. "Up,, " Clifford ordered, getting her onto her feet.

He removed the leash but left the collar on "Let me have a picture of you knocking on the door." Janet complied. "Now, Dewy," Clifford said, "Just stand in the door way, looking at her tits and pussy and grin."

Dewy did as he was told land needed no further prompting to leer at the naked Janet at his door.

"Now inside for one more scene," Clifford said.

They went in and Clifford told Dewy to sit in a chair there; he placed Janet on her knees in front of Dewy, who was staring down at her tits. Clifford was talking pictures and telling her what to do.

Next his order was for Janet to unzip Dewy's fly and take out his cock. Dewy just moaned. Janet fished Dewy's short but thick prick out of his pants and, without further urging, clamped her mouth on the cock and began to swirl her tongue around the head and suck him off. Dewy didn't last long. Soon he was shooting ropes of cum into Janet's still working mouth.

He was moaning out loud," Ah, ahhhhhh, a blow job from Ms. Janet Peters; Dewy, you've made it, man."

Janet stood up, after cleaning off Dewy's cock. Clifford turned to Dewy and thanked him.

"No, no," Dewy said, "My pleasure, any time."

"I don't want anyone to know about this, Dewy, right?"

"Right, Mr. Clifford," Dewy said, "Why if my old woman ever saw those photos she'd rip my pecker right off."

"Well," Clifford smiled, "There's just no reason for her to discover that now. We'll be going; we've got what we wanted here."

They went back to her room and Janet was getting ready to dress again.

"Wait," he told her. "Where's your coat?"

"In the closet," she answered.

"Fine," he said to her. "Get the coat wear the coat, carry the clothes."

"Oh, dear!" She said.

"What?" he asked somewhat solicitously."

"I don't know; it's just that I guess I'm just afraid that you'll throw me out of the car without my coat somewhere." She had a strange smile on her face, as she said it.

"Only afraid?" he asked.

"Well, more like afraid you will and afraid you won't." Was her answer.

"Janet," he said to her, "I certainly won't do anything that will get you into danger or real harm. Just know that."

"I do," she said, putting her arms around his neck and kissing his neck.

She went for the coat, and came back with it.
Chapter 4 »
Home | Top | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 3|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 4
Posted: November 08, 2009 - 03:02:34 pm

"Where to?" she asked Clifford?

"Your car, maybe a cup of coffee on the way, and then my apartment for now," he answered, "Maybe dinner later. You up for that?"

"I'm up for anything you want me to be up for," was her answer.

"Hmm," he said with a huge smile, "I somehow thought that. Come on, let's go."

She was secretly extremely excited now, feeling every movement of the coat against her naked skin as she walked. It made every gesture a kind of a sexual gesture because there was constant rubbing, constant touch. Janet walked to the car with him, her van, and smiled a sexy smile.

"You like this, don't you?" he asked.

"I love this," was her quick answer.

"I thought you might," he concluded.

She gave him the keys and he drove. They went first to a drive up window at a fast food place. Clifford greeted the young guy at the drive up window with easy familiarity.

"Hey, Dave," he said.

'Dave' returned the greeting and said, kind of breathlessly, "I'll be right out."

Then he noticed Janet and said a little suspiciously, "Who's that?"

"You just get your ass out here," Clifford ordered and leave her to me.

"Sorry, Clifford," Dave added, and left the window.

"What's up?" Janet asked.

"Just wait and you'll see," Clifford smiled.

They went to the back of the lot and parked; soon enough Dave came along to join them. He hesitated just briefly before getting into the van.

"In," Clifford said imperiously.

Dave did as he was told. He sat in the van with Janet and Clifford and for a moment did nothing.

"Now, Dave," Clifford said reasonably,"what is the first thing you need to do when you meet me on Friday nights?"

"Take all my clothes off," Dave said very meekly.

"Well?!" Clifford continued.

"Sorry, Clifford; it's just that having her here spooked me."

"Dave," clifford continued, "How do we have to do this? Easy or hard?"

"Easy," Dave said, reaching now for his t shirt and pulling it off Next came his running shoes and then his pants, finally Dave pulled his underwear off, tiny white nylon bikinis that barely covered his really stiff cock.

"Fine," Clifford said, "Now just lean back." Dave did what he was told.

"Dave, if it will make you feel any better, I'm going to tell Janet here to take off her coat."

Then turning to Janet Clifford said: "Do it."

"Who is she?" Dave asked quietly.

"She used to be my high school chem teacher but these days she's just like you, she's one of my bitches."

Janet was struck by his words and sighed.

Turning to her Clifford said: "Do it."

Janet removed her coat showing her own nakedness, causing Dave to stare and utter one word: "Wow!"

"Yes," Clifford said, "I guess wow!"

It was then that Janet noticed Dave's hard cock.

"Wow! yourself," she said with a grin, reaching out and grasping Dave's overly large prick in her hand.

"Yes," Clifford said, "Our Dave's hung like a horse."

Dave seemed to be almost in a trance, "A teacher,"he said, "And she's playing with my dick. I can't believe it. Oh, shit!"

All three of them laughed.

"Tell you what, Dave,"we'll all go to my place so that you can see the full effect of Janet walking around naked. That's where the real 'wow' is, let me tell you, man. But for now I want you to give me my Friday night blow job and we'll have teach here suck your cock at the same time. Cool?"

"Definitely," Dave said and lay down on the back bench seat of the van with his head in position to accommodate Clifford's cock, once he had it out.

Janet too moved into position, kneeling by Dave so that she could get a hold of and suck on his large cock. She lowered her head and took it into her mouth. And Dave fairly mooed with delight.

"Jeez, shit, shit, shit, she's a teacher and she's just going to go ahead and suck my cock."

"Yes," Clifford said, "That's because she's a cock sucker as well as a teacher. Now do your job."

And Dave lowered his head onto Clifford's cock and began to go through their friday night ritual of cock sucking. It was quiet in the van for a bit, except for the slurping sound made especially by Janet, who was giving Dave a really wet blow job, and to a lesser degree by Dave, since Clifford was more fucking his face.

Janet brought Dave off just about the same time that Clifford unloaded in Dave's mouth. By then Dave was almost honking like a goose from the fury of sensations that Janet delivered with her blow job.

Clifford ordered the two of them, through clenched teeth, to not swallow a thing. When he was finished blowing his load, he knelt back from Dave's head and saw that Janet was sitting back on her haunches too.

Dave got up into a sitting position and then Clifford said to the two of them: "Okay, open your mouths to show me."

Both of them complied, opening their mouths to show mouths full of white cum.

"Lovely,"Clifford said, "Now kiss and share it the two of you."

The two naked people moved together and were clasped in a kiss in no time. The kiss was a wide open mouth kiss and the overflowing of the cum was leaking down their chins, as they sloshed the sexy liquid from mouth to mouth.

"Now swallow," came Clifford's next directive to the two of them, and they did.

They then finished by licking each other's chins to remove the remnant. On instinct Janet grabbed Dave's head, after they were finished and waded into him for one last kiss before they were ready to leave for Clifford's. She had decided that she needed some special time alone with Dave; she was determined to have more of his cock, and soon.

Her hand groped for his prick, as they kissed but it was then that Clifford broke them up and said, "Okay, kiddies, now to my place for a little more fun and some theater."

The two naked kissers broke apart, and Clifford told them to dress. They both did and Clifford again took the wheel to drive them.

Clifford turned to Dave and said: "Now, Dave, pal, I'm going to show you the real deal, when we get to my place. We'll have teach here strut around like the bitch in heat she is. You have to see that to believe it; the way she's built as she swaggers her ass around, taking her clothes off until she's moving around naked like she is supposed to be. This is going to be part of your education, pal."

Dave just grinned at Clifford and Janet then. Janet was smiling too.

They arrived at Clifford's in no time. They went into a fairly large apartment, which had a back room set up as a computer room. There was a large blank wall with a black board in front of it and various furniture.

"Okay," Clifford began, "Here's what we're going to do. I belong to a kind of a computer theater group and this is my turn to present something. So, I'm going to present a scene where two students come in and force their gorgeous teacher to strip for them."

He told Janet to take the chalk and write some chemical formulas and stuff on the board, which she did.

Then he turned and said to them: "Just go with this and we'll be cool. Understand?"

Dave shook his head 'yes'.

Janet smiled and said: "Yes, sir."

Clifford had both a ski kind of mask and a wicked looking knife for him and for Dave. "I just have to set it up a minute here." He said and he went to the computer and typed a bit, making the connection with his group.

Dave and Janet noticed the note on the screen which said: "Welcome to CS' 'forcing the MILF teacher" presentation.

It began with Janet, at Clifford's direction, working at the blackboard, when the two of them entered the scene. They ad-libbed some dialogue then with the two of them making Janet stop her work. Clifford took the lead telling Janet to do as she was told or she'd get hurt.

She shook her head 'yes' and told them not to hurt her, that she'd do what they wanted. I t was interesting that a voice from the background at that point chimed in with "Make the bitch strip."

They were on a conference hook up for this little bit of theater and the audience was getting involved.

Then Clifford growled at Janet to take her blouse off. Janet hesitated for a few seconds obviously looking to see if there was any way to escape.

It was only then that anyone noticed that Clifford had one of those leather quirts in his hand. He lashed out with it, hitting Janet on the thigh, which made her jump and squeal.

There were shouts of approval from the background, from those on the hook up. Janet hastened to remove her blouse and put it aside. Her yellow soft bra did nothing at all to hide her large tits, and their stiffened nipples.

Now the background was alive with people, men and women, saying "Nice tits, Teach."

Janet too was loving it; getting really turned on by it, especially the idea of the unseen audience. She slipped into her 'serving mode', her 'zone' as she thought of it and did what she was told.

"Are you ready to do as you're told, teach?" Clifford said with a menacing tone.

"Yes, sir," she hastened to say, "Just don't hurt me."

From the back ground there were cat calls at this point urging the guys to really 'hurt her.' Clifford seemed to ignore those comments, although they were the kind of thing that the entire enterprise thrived upon.

"Skirt," was Clifford's next comment. He turned to Dave and said to him, "Now comes the real deal, pal; just watch."

Janet, apparently cowed at this point, unbuttoned the side button and unzipped the zipper of her black a-line skirt, and without hesitation, shimmed it down past her ass and hips until it rested on the floor. For effect, she turned slightly toward Dave, so that she was also in line with the camera watching her every move, and bent from the waist to pick up the skirt on the floor. So doing she flashed her panty covered ass to Dave and also to the entire group watching.

The cat calls and comments about nice ass etc. reached a crescendo.

Clifford turned to Dave, as though the rest of the audience were not there and said quietly, but loud enough for all to hear: "Now watch this."

Then turning to Janet he said, "Okay, teach, strut it for us; walk around this area with your hands on your head and make your ass wiggle or I'll make you wish you were never born."

Janet did as she'd been told, flashing her hips and ass cheeks from side to side, putting one toe in front of the other to exaggerate the swagger of her hips and ass. Now there was clapping and whistling from the background.

After Janet had made three circles of the area, Clifford said loudly to her: "Bra." She didn't hesitate but took off her bra, depositing it with the rest of her clothing, and then resumed her prancing with her hard nippled tits now swinging free, to the delight of the background audience.

After she'd walked around a few times, Clifford demanded her panties next. She gave them up, handing them to Dave, who sniffed them and put them in his pocket.

Clifford grabbed her by the arm and said to her roughly: "You've sent so many guys to the principal's office that I'm going to be the principal for you. Lean over that chair."

Pointing to a nearby chair. Janet did as she was told although it was obvious that she was frightened and tears were already running down her cheeks. When Clifford had her in place, he produced the quirt again. There was a woman in the background who was now telling Clifford to really mark her with the quirt. Janet, leaning over the chair with her naked ass available, was trembling and actually on the verge of cumming.

"This one's for you, holy Jimmie," she thought, as the first strike from the quirt landed on her ass and she cried out in obvious dismay.

Clifford gave her a few more stripes on the ass with the quirt and turned to Dave telling him to use his cock to shut her up.

It was what Janet had hopped for; as her ass was being beaten, Dave was shoving his large prick into her open mouth.

She took it greedily, gladly; the shots from the quirt were giving her a pervasive heat now that was warming all of her, and had her trembling. The background audience, especially the woman, were shouting and insistent as the punishment continued.

Janet's pussy juices were sluicing down her inner thighs. Then Clifford dropped the quirt and, with the audience's approval, slid up to Janet and planted his cock in her pussy.

It wasn't long before Dave in her mouth and Clifford in her pussy were blasting, filling Janet with their cum. The background audience was clapping and cheering at this point.

Clifford acknowledged their cheering and applauding and signed off. Janet had still not moved from bending over the chair. When the computer fell silent, Dave helped Janet up.

She smiled at Clifford, who smiled in return and said: "Far out, Babe." Then the phone rang.

It turned out to be Sam and, when Clifford was off the phone, he said to the other two that he couldn't go out to dinner but rather had to go out and do something for Samantha. Both of them knew Samantha and didn't ask questions.

Janet said that she'd take Dave home. Clifford gave Janet a kiss and told her that he'd be in touch.

The two of them got into the car but sat for just a moment.

As Janet was about to ask where Dave lived, he spoke up: ""Look, Janet, I owe you at least an apology. I'm not trying so much to deceive you as to just keep things simple with Clifford. I pretend to be kind of stupid because it fuels his fantasies about the way that he uses me. I'm a college grad with an engineering degree that I intend to use one of these days but am now just really giving myself time off. Clifford came along and had instincts that were really something, and we started this Friday night thing. It gives him a hoot to come around and get me to give him his Friday night blow job, and it doesn't bother me. But I don't want you to think that I'm stupid or something. I'm not even sure how it matters."

Janet stopped him at that point by simply grabbing onto him and kissing him. She breathed into his open mouth: "It matters."

And continued the kiss, opening her mouth to him, and receiving his lips and tongue.

When the kiss was broken off, she said to him: "Hey, why don't we go to my place, and grab a shower; I can fix us a little dinner."

"Sounds wonderful," he enthused, "My place is both small and in a tizzie just now."

He smiled a huge smile at her and said: "Sounds like a pj party!"

"Yeah it does," she said, grinning back at him.

"But I have condition," he said to her.

"Oh, and what is that?" she shot back at him.

"That you wear panties while I'm there."

"Well," she laughed, "He's making demands."

"Of course he is," he grinned at her,"He got the big cock." "Hmm," he continued, "I bet you just want to get a hold on that big cock again."

"Well," she answered, "You might just be right," grabbing onto his prick, as she said this, "After all," she continued, "I've got all the holes."

He laughed and said, "Well, not all the holes." "Oho," came her quick answer, "I'll remember that you said that, mister."

"I thought you might." He said this and grinned.

She started to drive and began to tell him about her and Jimmie, mentioning her middle of the night adventures with the reluctant Jimmie.

"He must not have eyes," Dave said in wonder. "You are the whole package! Looks, a body to kill for, a sexual attitude that is downright enchanting. What was he thinking?" "But," he continued, "How did it turn around?"

She then mentioned the subway ride and the hand playing with her panties, and how much that turned her on. She continued with the scene in the balcony of the theater, and her stripping for the three young guys.

"There's no need to hide this from you," she said, "You've already seen what I like to do and am willing to do."

"This is such a turn on!" he murmured, as she placed her hand in his lap and felt the stiffness of his cock.

"Hmm," she cooed, "The man has a big one."

"Yes," he said, "And the man is willing to be generous with it."

"Oh goodie!" was her conclusion.

She then continued her narration about Joe and Melissa in the theater office, her visit to Samantha's store, Joe and Melissa meeting her at Jimmie's church, and her subsequent trip to Samantha's for panties.

"You'd better stop or I'll cum in my pants," he said with a sigh.

"We're here anyway," she said, as they pulled up to her apartment block.

As soon as they opened the door and went in, she stopped him and said to him. "Now stand there a moment."

She slowly and sexually stripped off her blouse, bra and skirt, leaving her heels and panties on. "The man wanted panties;" she sang out, "The man gets panties!"

And with that she walked away from him with him following; as she moved she swung her hips in an exaggerated fashion. He found her in the bathroom. She said simply to him: "Shower," and taking off her heels stepped into the shower with her yellow panties still on, and held her arms out to him.

"Lovely sight," he said with a grin, noting her wet, clinging yellow panties, now transparent from the water. He was naked in a flash and joined her in the shower. He had his arms around her and broke off saying "Oh shit!"

"What?" she said looking up at him.

"I have to pee!" he groaned.

"Remember," she grinned at him,"that I'm liberated and this is a full service apartment."

Saying that she sunk to her knees and took his now more flaccid prick in her mouth. He groaned aloud and started to piss. She held it in her mouth for a long time and then took it out to direct the stream into her hair and on her tits and pussy, and then put it back into her mouth to take the last of what he offered.

"Oh," he groaned,"I can't believe this. You are every man's wet dream come to life here."

She stood then, and, opening her mouth, spilled the piss into his mouth and down the front of him. "Thank you, sir, but I think we need to get clean for more fucking."

"That we can do," he answered as he began to run soap along the front of her body, paying special attention to her tits and nipples.

When they were finished, they dried each other and she led him into the bedroom.

Turning to him with a sexy smile she asked innocently: "Panties, what color?"

He ruminated on that for a moment and said: "Pink, I believe."

"Ah, pink and innocence gone bad," she quipped.

She put on the pink panties and then, reaching into her drawer pulled out a tiny pair of white nylon panties and offered them to him to wear. He put them on laughing and they went into the kitchen.

"Omelets okay?" she asked. He nodded, s she got to work on the dinner for them.

"Wow," he said after a bit, finishing his omelet and salad, "She's lovely, she built like the proverbial brick shit house, she's sexy, wearing only panties and she can cook! Who the fuck is this Jimmie that didn't realize all of this?"

"Well, love," she cooed back at him, "He's not here now and we are; so, finish your wine and we're going to fuck or make love, whichever you wish."

"I think fuck first and then love," he said with a lewd grin on his face.

"Lovely," she sighed and took the plates to the sink, while she was rinsing the plates, he came behind her and kneeling started to lick her ass through the material of her panties. It sent a shiver up her spine.

"Oh," she cooed to him, "That feels nice."

"What'll you let me do, if I don't stop," he asked.

"Probably anything at all that you want," was her quick answer.

Then he pulled her panties down to her knees and began to lick more deeply into the crack in her ass. Now all that Janet could manage was to hold onto the sink, as she hunched her back and her ass out to give him greater room to work.

"Ahhhhhhh," she sighed, "I've never had my ass licked like this before; I'll have to try it on someone some day."

He bit her ass cheek at that point, making her yelp. "Yes, yes," she hastened to add, "What I meant was that I'll have to try it on you someday."

"Better," he said, and pushed his tongue deeper into her ass, pushing it against the pucker of her asshole.

It was all that Janet could do to keep from shaking at that point. Then with a sweep of his hand he had her panties down her legs and off of her. He reached onto the counter and grabbed the cooking oil that she had used for the dinner and he propelled her to the table, leaning her over the table with her ass stuck out and usable for him.

"Oh, dear," she sighed, "are you really going to do this?"

"Wait and see," he laughed, as he daubed his erect cock with the cooking oil and then using first one, then two then three fingers covered with oil, invaded her asshole with the spreading fingers.

"Ask for it," he commanded. "Ask for it, teacher! Use your teacher's tone and ask for me to do this; use the dirty words but ask for it like a teacher."

She did creating the great contrast of using her authoritative teacher's voice to beg him to continue what he was doing and stick his erect prick into her waiting asshole.

He mocked her then: "Does the teacher want to get fucked in the ass?" "Does the teacher want to get fucked in the ass by this young guy?"

"Yes, yes, yes, damn you," she wheezed but still in that voice he was demanding that she use, "The teacher, this slutty teacher wants a young guy like you to ram their big erect prick into her asshole. Please do it and I promise that, when you're done, no matter what your cock looks like, I'll kneel and clean it with my mouth."

"That's my girl!" he said triumphantly and he grabbed her panties and thrust them into her mouth to silence the noise he knew was coming, then he pushed the head of his cock into her asshole. The panties in her mouth took the brunt of her shriek, and the moaning and groaning that followed. She kept thrusting her ass and hips back at him to help him fuck her ass. She loved it.

She was downright chirpy in the morning. After Dave left the night before, after the lust and the love, she showered and went to bed naked playing with herself just a little as she drifted off. It was grand.

"Sometime soon," she'd thought, "I need to get a replacement in bed for that damn Jimmie, who'll respond positively at 2:15 AM. It'll be a goal for me."

With a smile on her face at that thought she'd drifted off. Her good morning feelings were made even better by an e-mail from Clifford early.

He told her what to wear that day. It was so conservative that it caused her to raise her eyebrows. Plain white bra, nylon bikini panties, no stockings, sensible shoes, a wrap skirt, knee length, not too short and a plain blouse.

"Back to the teacher mode," she thought, since she'd been getting more and more risque in her appearance and apparel lately.

Then she read on and let out a loud gasp. Clifford, Dave and an another friend would be there after school to play out and film, for Clifford's computer theater group, a rape scene.

Dave and the friend were going to rape Janet. Janet had to simply sit down. Of all the fantasy scenes, this was the strongest. It's what made the balcony scene so compelling, and made her so disappointed that those guys retreated when Joe came around. Her hand went to her pussy under her robe but she fought off the inclination. She was going to save everything for what would happen after school.

School went slowly that day, or so Janet thought. She was longing for the end of the day. When it finally came, she settled down to do some work on lesson plans and grade some papers.

It was a while before they showed up. Dewy was with them.

Janet rose from her desk and uttered a shy "Hi, guys!" to all of them as they entered the room.

"Hey, bitch" Clifford said; he was interested in getting her in a mood right away.

The name cut through her and gave her shivers. This was going to be hot; she knew it. "You look exactly right," Clifford said.

Then he looked around and said, "Everyone's been briefed about what's going to happen."

"Where?" was Janet's one question.

"The guy's bathroom," Clifford answered. It made Dave, the other guy and Dewy smile.

"Ohhhhhhhh," was Janet's only comment. The heat was already building in the crotch of her panties.

"All you have to do," Clifford directed, "Is knock on the door of the bathroom, when I tell you and, demand to know--teacher's tone like--what all the noise is. We'll take it from there and you just let it happen. Understand?"

"Yes, sir," she said simply.

"Hmm," Dewy said, "Got her trained I guess."

"Yes, I do," Clifford remarked, "And you can watch and maybe get another blow job from the cock sucker teacher afterwards."

It made Dewy smile and wink at Janet. She found herself smiling also.

When it actually started, the first five minutes were confusing but exactly what Clifford wanted. Janet knocked on the bathroom door demanding to know what was going on in there. Then the world exploded. The door shot open, hands grabbed her and pulled her into the bathroom.

"There's the bitch now," Dave growled, and looking at the door at no one, said: "Watch the door; make sure no one comes."

This took only a second and Janet, really into what was happening, tried to wrench away from their clutches, shouting: "Let me go."

And the world exploded again. Dave slapped her face. It stopped her momentarily and then he slapped her four more times, not hard but she rocked her head back and forth anyway.

He shouted as he slapped her; "Shut!" (SLAP), "THE!" (SLAP), "FUCK!" (SLAP), "UP!"

Janet was crying now and blubbering nonsense; she raised her hands up to her face to protect her face, giving Dave exactly the chance he was looking for. Dave grasped the front of her blouse and ripped, taking the whole blouse in one huge wrench.

The other guy waded in and ripped the wrap skirt off of her, leaving Janet, sobbing and trying to protect herself from students in the boy's bathroom after school wearing now only panties and a bra.

A knife flicked from the other guy and Janet froze for a moment; long enough for the knife to snick through the straps and front of her bra, rendering it useless on the floor.

Dave screamed in Janet's face then with such fury that it cowed her immediately. "Get on your fucking knees."

"Yessss, yes, yes, yes, yes," she pleaded, "Don't hurt me; I'm going to cooperate; do what you want; whatever you want."

"Fucking right you are," growled the other guy, and Dave added: "Fucking right!" And Janet was on her knees.

"Okay, bitch teacher," Dave said with cruelty in his voice, "I want you to crawl over to that last urinal."

Janet scuttled to the urinal as she was told. She found herself near a climax in the midst of the realization of one of her strongest fantasies. When she got there, Dave grabbed her by the shoulders and forced her to sit in the urinal, pushing her head against the back of it. Janet was still sobbing. Clifford now came close with the camera.

Dave said to her cruelly: "I'm going to take out my cock. I want your fucking mouth open, open wide, and if you put your hands up to hold it or resist in any way, I'm going to start breaking fingers. Do you understand?"

Then he leaned in and slapped Janet's face again and hollered into her face, just an inch away from it: ""DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"

Janet squealed: "Yes, sir, yes, I understand."

Dave shouted again: "Understand what?"

"You're going to pull your cock out and I'm not going to grasp it with my fucking hands or resist in any way."

"Fucking right! "Dave said. "Now tell me that you're a fucking pig and sitting in the pissy urinal is where you belong."

Janet reeled off what he wanted to hear, doing it through her sobs, a look of terror on her face: "This teacher is a fucking pig and sitting in the pissy urinal waiting for a student's cock is where she belongs."

Then Dave took out his long cock and grabbing Janet's chin, forced her mouth wide open. What followed was wet and wild. Dave forced Janet's head back into a position to take his cock. Forcing his prick into her mouth he grabbed her by the ears and began to fuck her face. Keeping her mouth wide open caused Janet to begin to drool on herself and she drooled more and more.

Every now and then Dave would take his cock out of her mouth and and either rub it around her face or slap her face with it. He took it out once and she moved her head forward to capture the prick in her mouth again.

"Please!" was all that she said, pleading for the cock again.

Dave laughed and spit into her open mouth, and then onto her face, rubbing the spit around with his prick. Janet's hand had slipped down between her legs as this was happening. She came with a rush and a loud, loud groan just as Dave started cumming, filling her mouth, splattering her face and tits with it.

"Fucking fantastic," Clifford said, when the two of them were done.

Turning to Janet, who was now leaning against the back of the urinal, he said: "Don't move."

He produced his cock and Janet sucked him off. Then the guy who had helped stepped up for a blow job and finally Dewy. Janet was covered with cum by the time they were all done.

"Okay, Dave," Clifford said and obviously by prior agreement.

Dave stepped up and took out his cock totally surprising Janet by pissing on her. He laughed as he did it and Janet groaned again. Dave also pulled the lever to allow water into the urinal, which ran down across Janet's shoulders and over her tits.

When Dave was finished, Janet looked up at them with a vague smile on her face and said: "Is this any what to treat a teacher?"

Then she simply broke down and started to sob. Clifford turned to the others and said: "Hey, guys, give me a minute here with her."

They went out and Clifford went to kneel down by where Janet was, still sitting in the urinal, with her back to the porcelain. "Okay, Babe?" he said, stroking her face with his hand.

She nodded her head 'yes', and said, through her broken sobs: "It's as if you crawled right inside of one of my greatest fantasies; Oh, it was all there, like in living color, like they say."

"Turned you on, sweetie," Clifford said, as much of a statement as a question.

"Oh, yes," she said with a sigh.

"Oh," she began again, "I'm a mess!"

But Clifford gave her his arm and got her to her feet, putting his arms around her, as she clung to him and finished her sobs.

Turning to Clifford she said: "Can I please have a copy of that?"

"Sure, Babe," he answered. Then turning to Dewy he said: "Where can she clean up, Dewy."

Dewy led them to where Janet could shower. The sight was wonderful as the four men led the naked teacher through the halls of the school to the locker room. The only thing she had to take of was her shoes.

She stood under the hot water and the water felt wonderful and luxurious. She stood with her eyes closed and just enjoyed it before using the soap. Janet was brought out of some deep and satisfying reveries, when she felt a hand on her back.

There were the three guys, Clifford, Dave and Andy all naked and all around her. This part too was like a dream. She put her arms up in the air, raising her tits and letting the water strike her hard nipples.

They washed her. They washed all over, not missing a spot, hands with soap gently on her face, hands with soap across the yielding surface of her tits with the very hard, dark brown nipples, hands with soap across her stomach, descending to her pussy, hands with soap floating down her back to the very curve of her ass, hands with soap invading between the crack of her ass, and there were fingers in every hole.

Then someone leaned in for a kiss. She didn't even know who, she was in ecstasy, with her arms still up in the air. And then she took turns kissing each of them, and Dewy was using the movie camera at the door.

After a bit Clifford was on his knees with his mouth in her pussy, as she was kissing Dave and holding Andy's cock in her hand. But then Andy descended to his knees and ran his tongue along the crack of her ass, and into her ass crack, jabbing at her asshole. Janet was transported, taken away, floating somewhere that she always wanted to be and had never quite gotten to.

Doing this at school was a huge turn on for her, so that, when Clifford bent her over to put his cock in her wet pussy, she was more than ready. In her bent position, she reached out to Andy to take his cock in her mouth and jerked on Dave's prick at the same time. They kept changing positions. The one in her pussy would go to her mouth; The one in her mouth would go to use her hand; the one being jerked off would go to her pussy.

It was way beyond fabulous for her. They passed her around that way, and everyone fucked her. When the shower was over, Janet went to the door and opening Dewy's fly, gave the janitor another blow job. She pinned on her skirt, put on her shoes and took Dave's jacket but was hardly dressed. Her panties, and bra, and blouse, which she carried with her were trash.

Once they finally left the school, with Janet's things in tow, they stopped for some fast food. When she slid out of the car seat, Janet's skirt mussed a little to the side and, as a result, she was showing a line of naked skin from her waist to down past the hem of the skirt.

Dave noticed it right away; Janet didn't notice it at all. Dave pointed it out silently to Clifford, who put his finger to his lips and silenced Dave.

The three of them walked in together, with Dave covering the side so that no one could see the gap in Janet's skirt. A young guy waited on them. It was late and they were the only ones at the counter. Just as they got to the counter, the manager told the counter guy, whose name was Troy, to take out the trash after he waited on the people.

Cliffored smiled and nodded to Dave, who now stood out of the way. The effect was to let Janet stand there with her naked hip exposed, showing that she was wearing no panties at all. Troy asked if he could help them and then stood staring, just staring with his mouth open.

Janet noticed his gaze and dropping her eyes, saw what he was looking at. She shot a look at Clifford to see what he wanted her to do. Clifford shook his head 'no, ' refusing to let her adjust it.

He leaned over and whispered, so that Janet and Dave could hear it: "Dave, move behind her to shield her, and you, babe, open the skirt panel and show him your naked ass."

Janet actually giggled at this. Dave moved into place and, with Troy still staring, Janet took the skirt flap and opened it, moving as she did, to show Troy most of her naked ass. She smiled and dropped the skirt, and now the panel flapped into place, covering her up. They ordered and Troy assembled their order. They paid and Troy came back to say 'thank you' etc., when Clifford told Janet to open her jacket for him.

Again a giggle and Janet opened the jacket so that Troy could see her bare tits with big, stiff nipples.

"Oh, god!" he said. Clifford said to Troy in a soft voice: "Now go take the trash out, like the man said, and we'll meet you there. She'll give you a blow job."

"She will?" came Troy's almost squeaky reply.

In response Janet smiled and shook her head 'yes' enthusiastically. They went out the door. They got to the trash enclosure just as Troy was depositing the trash.

He turned and saw them standing there and said: "Did you really mean that?"

In answer, Janet took Troy's hand, turned to Clifford and Dave and said: "Do you mind holding these things for me?"

"Of course not," Clifford said, "Take good care of our friend."

With that, Janet took the jacket off, with Troy just staring at her naked tits. And then she stepped out of the wrap skirt and leading him, she went ahead of him, naked to the forested side of the trash shelter.

There she knelt down and opening his pants, while Troy just gawked and grinned, took out his pretty nice sized erect cock and first licked the head and then enveloped all of it with her mouth. He came immediately. And was just as quickly apologizing.

But Janet grinned, when she saw that Troy was erect again almost immediately.

"May I?" she said to Clifford,

"Please do," he replied.

Janet now bent from the waist and grasping Troy's slimy cock, guided it into her pussy. She was Troy's first piece of ass. Troy started pumping at her, as though he'd always done it.

"That's right, sweetie," Janet cooed, "Give it to me; give it to aunt Janet; fuck me, my brave boy."

It took a little longer this time, when Troy came with a grunt and a push, getting Janet close enough to her own orgasm that she tumbled into it with him. Troy look decidedly embarrassed when he said that he had to get back inside.

Before letting him go, Janet knelt again and cleaned off his prick with her mouth. It started to rise again but he said he really had to go and stumbled away, looking back and grinning all the way.

"Aunt Janet!" Clifford laughed, "Shit! He'll always remember you and your name. You are the real fucking item!"

"Why thank you, sir," she said. "But dinner awaits."
Chapter 5 »
Home | Top | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 4 - Chapter 6 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 5
Posted: November 09, 2009 - 08:43:53 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

They went back to the car to eat before calling it a day When she got them to the apartment that they shared, Janet looked at them with pleading eyes and said: "Sirs, may I please keep Dave's jacket to get me home?"

Dave and Clifford's reactions were both the same and given at the same time. They both said 'no.' Janet's face crumbled just a little and she began to plead: "Oh, please! Please! Don't I always to absolutely everything that you tell me to do? Don't I always do anything at all?"

"Yes, cunt!' Clifford cut in, "And you love it. Admit it!"

"Yes, sir," you're right, "I love doing these dirty things; it makes me feel so free. But I'm afraid that I'll get picked up by the police and get in trouble. Won't you please let me wear the jacket home?"

"On three conditions," Clifford said.

"Yes?" Janet asked hopefully now.

"First," Clifford continued, "You leave the jacket wide open all the way home."

"Yes, of course," Janet said with relief.

"Don't interrupt me, slut, or you don't get to wear that tattered skirt either."

Janet's reaction to this was to simply reach out and plant a kiss on Clifford's and Dave's hand.

"Second," Clifford continued, "You have to pick out someone on the way home and flash your bare tits at them."

Janet giggled at that.

"Third," Clifford concluded. "I have a kind of get together with some friends of mine and Dave's on Saturday about 6, and want you to entertain us."

Janet shook her head 'yes' to at all of it, since it would at least leave her some covering for her trip home.

"Yes, sirs, yes, everything," she said eagerly, "You know I do everything that you tell me to do; yes, about all three: unbuttoned, flash someone on the way home and I'll help entertain you and your friends on Saturday."

They left her with a kiss. She felt extra sexy as she drove through the almost deserted streets, with the jacket open and a little wind on her tits, causing stiffened nipples.

She also looked for an opportunity to carry out their request that she flash someone. At first it looked as though she wouldn't have a chance.

Then she came to an intersection where the left lane split off onto the traffic way and her lane went straight.

A car of kids, four of them, pulled in next to her. They were going onto the traffic way and she was going straight. They were the ages of her students.

Doing something in front of them really turned her on. It was an old fantasy about being found out, kind of taken over by a group of students. She acted quickly before the light changed; she shrugged off the jacket and turned to them showing them that she was naked from the waist up. They went into an uproar as they went up the traffic way ramp. It left her shaken with lust and sorry that they turned off. She went home to masturbate then.

She realized throughout the day on Saturday that her anticipation was building. She wondered idly about what Clifford's plans might just be for the evening. All that he had said was that he was having a gathering of friends and she was going to be the entertainment, and she like the sound of that. Lately she had certainly been the entertainment time after time, since the doors of her sexual prison had been thrown open by that fateful trip to the movie balcony.

Clifford and Dave picked her up in the late afternoon and they drove for a bit, arriving finally at one of the forest preserves. It was far enough out that apparently it was little used, if at all. They stopped in a kind of a clearing, and Clifford said that they needed to 'get her ready, and that this would be a good place for that.' He told Janet to get out and then Dave and Clifford followed her out of the car. Clifford went around to the trunk of the car and opened the trunk. Then turning to Janet, who by this time was tense with the beginning of excitement and anticipation, said to her: "Okay, babe, take your clothes off."

It struck Janet hard, much like all such demands or requests that Clifford made. It served to immediately put her in that special place where she knew that she'd give in willingly to any sexual demands that he made. She took her trench coat off, and then her t shirt and bra, skinning her jeans down past her hips and ass, she took them off to, having discarded her shoes as well. Then it was her panties that came off, joining the rest of her discarded clothes, and Janet was left absolutely naked with these two young guys in the forest preserve.

"That's the way you should always be, babe," Clifford said, "Bare asssed naked! You are so fucking gorgeous!"

"Thank you, sir," she managed, now tingling with anticipation for what was going to happen.

Clifford took a bag from the trunk of the car and from it handed Janet a pair of smokie black thigh high stockings.

"Put these on," he ordered. Janet rested on the fender of the car and put on the stockings, immediately transforming her into a really sexual woman.

"Gorgeous!" Dave put in now.

Clifford handed Janet a pair of extreme black heels, five inches in height, which she put on, enhancing the aura that Clifford was creating for her. Next came a red ribbon for around her neck with a silver heard attached to it, calling attention to Janet's glorious nakedness.

"Almost ready for the party," Clifford said, "But first we add a little sense of mystery."

With that Clifford took from the bag a black leather mask, which he fitted to Janet's face and zipped up the back. It had eye, nose and mouth holes.

"Out of sight," Dave said, looking at the naked, be-stockinged and hooded Janet."Just out of sight," was his final conclusion.

"Yes," Clifford said, "I think we've done well here. Okay, pet," he continued, "Now get into the trunk."

"The trunk?" Janet said in a very tiny and nervous voice.

"Yes, the trunk" Clifford said, "You're the surprise for the party."

Clifford went to the driver's door of the car as Dave helped Janet into the trunk. With his help, Janet climbed into the trunk and nestled down there and waited. Dave bent over just as he was about to close the trunk lid.

"You okay, love?" he asked. Janet shook her head 'yes'. "You'll be fine," he said then. "You excited?"

Again Janet shook her head 'yes'.

And the truth is that she was. This was the ultimate disembodied fuck; it was that kind of scenario building. She was grateful for Dave's care. She lifted her head with her red lips showing through the black of the mask. Dave bent down and kissed her, running is tongue across her lips.

"Thank you," she whispered as Dave closed the trunk.

Her ride in the trunk didn't take too long. She felt the car stop, and heard Clifford and Dave get out.

Clifford was greeting someone with a cheery, "Hi, guys."

Then she heard Clifford ask them if they were ready for a good time. There were a number of comments, 'yeses', assents and grunts from whoever was there waiting.

Clifford continued, "I brought someone special with me as entertainment but you play by my rules or you get the fuck out and are never invited again. You savvy?" There was general consent from the guys waiting.

There were 5 of them that Clifford had invited with the special indication that no one else was to know: no one. If word got out, was the point, these sessions would end abruptly. Everyone was in agreement.

One of the guys then asked Clifford, "Where is she, man?"

"Oh, she's here alright,"Clifford laughed, "We just wanted her to make a kind of a grand entry. Dave, get her will you?"

Dave moved to the back of the car; he opened the trunk; the five guys stood and watched wide eyed as Dave helped Janet rise from the trunk. Then there she was: naked except for the black leather hood, the red ribbon and heart around her neck, the smokey black opaque stockings and heels.

They were dumb struck.

One of them managed a "Holy Fuck!"

Then another said; "Clifford, you're a fucking genius."

Other comments came then: "What a fucking woman!" "Look at those tits and her ass!" "And that pussy!" Everyone of them had a hard on in no time.

Meanwhile the guys weren't the only ones who were agog. As soon as Janet was out of the trunk she realized that these five were all her own students from one of her advanced Chem classes.

"Oh, Shit!" she whispered almost to herself.

Dave heard it and, standing close behind her said: "Okay, babe?"

Janet shook her head and said quietly to Dave: "This is awesome. He lives in my head; he knows my thoughts and my fantasies."

"Yeah," Dave answered, "I know he does; he's good at that." Then Dave squeezed Janet's hand.

Janet was transfixed; her old, old brilliant fantasy about being sexually taken by her own students was standing right in front of her. Then Clifford made it even better for her.

He said to the guys: "Okay, guys, here are the rules; you do what I say and then you get to play. No one gets rough with the lady here."

"Lady," one of them snorted with contempt.

Clifford was quick to jump on him: "Shut the fuck up or go home; this might be your fucking mom, you moron."

The speaker blushed and was silent. Janet was grateful.

"Like I said," Clifford continued, "No one gets rough with the lady. You do what I tell you, when I tell you and we're cool. Everyone understand?"

There were 'yeses' all around.

Then one spoke up but politely. "Cliff," he said, "Why is she hooded?"

"Because," Clifford explained, "She's a lady who likes to be treated this way and maybe doesn't want her identity known."

"Well, gentlemen," Clifford said, almost with a flourish, "Let me introduce you to our entertainment for the evening. Isn't she gorgeous?"

There was whistles and clapping at this.

Clifford continued: "Look at her tits," he lifted one tit in his hand and let if fall pendulously. "Big and beautiful and stiff, stiff nipples show that the lady is excited."

Turning to Janet he asked, "You are, sweet one, aren't you?"

She shook her head 'yes' vigorously.

"Sweet hairy pussy," Clifford continued, running his hand down her belly and across her pussy, causing Janet to shiver, and while Clifford was doing that, Dave was also running his hand across Janet's ass cheeks, seeking to insert a finger in between her ass cheeks. Janet was wet and really ready.

"But wait," Clifford continued his spiel, "Look at her ass. Turn around, love," he ordered.

Janet complied. "Bend from the waist," was Clifford's next instruction and Janet did.

As she did, she placed her hands around Dave's waist to steady herself. "Know what an ass like this is good for," Clifford asked.

They were mesmerized at this point, just staring.

"Watch," he said. Then he slapped Janet's naked ass vigorously.

They howled their approval. Janet groaned from the attention of the slap.

"Now," Clifford said, "Everyone who wants to play, and begin by giving our babe here a nice slap to her lovely ass, just like I did, needs to take off all their clothes now. And our lovely center of attention," he continued, "Gets to watch you guys strip off."

He got Janet up and turned her to the front. She watched her students take off all their clothing with great relish. She had often times enough wondered what various ones of them might look nude. Now she knew. It was a lovely sight.

Then she was bent over again and the ass slapping began. Clifford monitored it but Janet really got an ass beating out of it. It reduced her to grunts and groans in no time.

Then Clifford stepped in again. "Now watch how good she is" he said. "On all fours." was his order to Janet, who complied and went to her hands and knees.

"See what a good doggie she is," he said with a laugh in his voice: "Wiggle your tail, doggie."

Janet did as he said and wiggled her naked ass around like a good dog.

"She looks like a kind of cow," one of them said, 'With those big tits hanging down."

"Well, let's see," was Clifford's reply. "Moo for us, cow."

Next Janet began to move a bit around the clearing and 'moo' for them like a cow.

Another guy said: "If she loves being with all of us like this, she must be a pig."

"Okay," Clifford allowed, "Oink for us!"

Janet with his prodding began to snuffle and oink like a pig. At this point she was enflamed with lust, hoping to be ordered to do something with these guys soon, with her students.

As if he could read her mind, Clifford said: "Okay now one of you lie down on the ground," one of them complied, and, guiding Janet, Clifford arranged for her to settle down on the stiff cock of the guy on the ground.

Both Janet and the guy on the ground grunted as they accomplished this.

"Next," Clifford continued, one line up here behind her."

Getting one in place he helped this guy start to insert his cock head into Janet's asshole, causing more grunts from Janet. Her own pussy flow had already lubricated her asshole and it was ready.

Next Clifford put one in place to thrust his cock into Janet's mouth and throat. Janet was almost overcome with a cock now in every hole. She reached out for the other two even before Clifford gave the instructions and started to jerk on their cocks. About five minutes later, Clifford rearranged everyone with the two guys being jerked now inserted in Janet's ass and pussy. It worked well, and they began to fuck her with gusto, while she put her all into helping them with it.

They finished, she sucked everyone, everyone fucked her everywhere. One of the guys started to dress. But Clifford intervened, saying: "No, don't put your clothes on; I think our little lady likes to see you all naked; don't you, slut?"

Janet whispered a 'yes' and shook her head to confirm that.

Then Clifford spoke up and said: "Okay, guys, I'll tell you what: line up here and let the little lady show her manners. She'll clean you off. Won't you, love?"

Janet shook her head 'yes' in compliance. She'd already cum twice with all the sexual activity and was still riding a high with her naked students there.

The guys were happy to line up, as they were told and, one after another, Janet reached up and took their soft cocks in her hand. Then, using her lips and tongue, cleaned all the cum and slime off of their cocks. Of course, this had the effect of getting them hard again.

"Well, look at this," Clifford said next, "our randy friends are ready to fuck once again. Are you willing to take them on again, darlin'?"

Janet shook her head 'yes' to show that she was ready.

"Fuckin' slut!" one of them commented.

She was sitting back on her heels now. She was a really hot picture there, naked, willing, hooded with the dark stocking and the red ribbon around her neck to emphasize her submission, and her dark pussy hair framed by her lovely thighs.

She had some cum on her chin and on her tits but she still aglow with all the sexual activity. She was, in her mind, happy to be in the midst of this outrageous fantasy.

Then Clifford spoke up again: "Well, I think that we'll make it a little more interesting this time; this time you'll really want to fuck her. Do you know why?"

All the guys were watching Clifford but shook their heads to indicate that they didn't know what he was talking about.

Clifford laughed, "Because she's one of your teachers; that's why!"

There were murmurs of astonishment and some sayings of 'no shit' and such things. Janet's head snapped in his direction, when he'd said that.

But then an outrageous voice within her said, much to her surprise,"Yes, let them know; let them know that they're fucking a teacher, that she had their cocks in her mouth, and that their teacher is a fucking slut who'll give any and all of her holes for their pleasure."

But she knew right away that she didn't really mean that. She hoped, hoped, hoped that Clifford wasn't planning this one last huge humiliation. She loved the humiliations but wasn't sure she could take that. This new discovery made her shiver.

Clifford laughed and said: "Well, guys, let's just see."

And saying that he unzipped the hood and took it off. Janet looked up at them to hoots and curses, and just looks of astonishment.

Someone broke the silence by saying: "Fucking Peters, it's fucking Ms. T & A Peters!" Turning to the others he said it again: "Fucking Ms. Peters; it's' old Tits and Ass just there, tits, pussy and ass. We have her for fucking chemistry on monday!"

"Ms. Peters, you're such a slut!" said another one.

And, having said it he stalked up to her, his cock bobbing up and down with a life of its own and slapped her ass as hard as possible. It sent her over onto her hands and knees.

There were hoots then and 'high fives' all around as the closed in, still proclaiming their astonishment that their gorgeous chem teacher was such a slutty cock sucker. She was surrounded by them, her ass and tits being pummeled, until she began to wail from the treatment, the pain and the humiliation.

One voice broke clear from the others, as the spanking her Janet's ass continued by all of them. "Grunt for us, Peters," he demanded, "Grunt, you fucking pig."

Janet complied, hoping to get away from the insidious pain of the beating she was taking. She began her pig grunting again and it sent the boys into hysterics.

"Fucking Pig!" came the chorus.

"Wait," another voice cut in, and the speaker went quickly for his clothes, and returned with his belt.

Janet wailed: "Noooooooo!" but the belt was soon in action, whistling through the air and connecting with her ass cheeks.

Then, of course, they all did the same; they all had their belts and Janet was being beaten severely, with welts and red marks. Janet was really crying by then, and still she realized that she her level of lust and turn on had only increased.

Clifford broke in then, held up his hand to stop the belts and said to Janet: "You like this treatment, don't you, bitch?"

Janet shook her head 'yes'.

This only made Clifford shout at her: "WE CAN'T HEAR YOU, CUNT!"

"Yes," she said through her sobs, "Yes, I like being treated this way."

"Then tell them what you'll do for them! Tell them."

She did as she was ordered right away; looking up at her five naked students she said as clearly as she could: "I'll do anything you tell me to do!"

"Fucking A" one of them said.

Another chimed in with: "Let's all fuck her again."

Clifford jumped in then: "Here's what she's going to do, guys' she's going to ask each of you nicely and politely if she can suck you off and offer you her pussy and ass."

Then turning to Janet he said: "Do it!"

Janet, still on her hands and knees, turned to each of them in turn and said: "Mr. Jennings, Mr. Savage, Mr. Dunross, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Wendt, would you please let me give each of you one more blow job and one more opportunity to fuck me? You can use my pussy or my ass, or my mouth, whichever you'd like."

The agreements were immediate and general. They approached her eagerly not needing any guidance from Clifford. The fucking was rougher with slaps to her ass by whoever was plunging into her asshole or pussy from behind, and also with the one fucking her face, for this was no blow job now, holding either her hair or her ears to force his cock as far into her mouth as possible.

Once again she was pummeled by hands, nipples pinched, hands rubbing all over her. Once again she was was being fucked by all of them, and, yes, despite the humiliation, once again she was loving it.

They finally wound down, all of them. Clifford, for one last humiliation, produced a soft tipped writer pen and each guy autographed Janet. They wrote the word 'cocksucker' just above her tits, and 'we fucked her asshole' just above her ass cheeks and 'we fucked her pussy' just above her pubic hair and all signed her. She was red with welts and spanking marks and alive with the felt tipped pen writing.

Clifford told Dave to take Janet home. Then walking them to the car, he said that he wanted to talk to them to make sure that everything was 'cool' at school, and that he'd call. Janet climbed into her jeans and t shirt before leaving.

One of the guys called out to her: "Hey, Peters," Janet turned around as and he said: "See you in school, teach."

"Oh, shit," she said, " I can't believe that I did that; I know that was a huge turn on; I've always fantasized about doing that but I can't believe I did that."

"You're not going to teach next year are you," Dave said to her.

"I'm not sure" she said, " I only have a bit of school left, plus a morning to finalize report cards, and I have to think about it. How did you know."

"Oh," he responded, "I just knew. So, how about clean up and then some dinner, just the two of us and not the whole world being brought to your bed by Clifford."

"Lovely," she said, "yes, he is enthusiastic."

"Yep," Dave said, "You'd probably do well to get away from him."

"I know," she said, leaning over to kiss Dave on the cheek, "And thanks for being so kind. Now I need to go home."

She was cleaning up and it was a totally different kind of cleaning up. She knew that she really should pack the Clifford stuff into the back of her mind and get on with other things. It was in the middle of this thought that she heard a racket in the hallway. That was strange because she'd stayed late enough with her sorting that it should be only her and Dewy in the building, and, despite their experiences, Dewy didn't approach her or bother her. But then the noise was more clear.

A voice was asking Dewy 'Where is Peters.' Janet also heard Dewy say that she was in her room. There was no time for her to think of anything at all because the door opened and there they were; it was the five guys from the grove. They stood looking at her, or, more like it, leering at her. It started her insides churning immediately. She didn't know what they wanted or what their arrangement with Clifford was, and didn't know what she should do.

Then one of them smiled and said: "Well, well, it's Old Tits and Ass Peters in the flesh."

It made her nervous and the nerves, as usual, fed her growing excitement. It always made her wonder why she was so easily turned on by such adversity. But there it was.

"Hi, guys!" she said, trying to keep a light voice.

One of them, seeming like the spokesman, Roger Savage shot back at her: "What the fuck did you call us?"

And she knew she was sinking; she knew she was about to give in, and part of her loved it and part of her was just not sure. It was the old "I want to, no I don't" kind of dilemma.

She lowered her eyes, having made her decision about what she needed to do, and said quietly: "I'm very sorry for presuming; good afternoon, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Savage, Mr. Dunross, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Wendt. What can I do for you?"

They snickered and she knew she was in trouble. "Well, first of all, you can tell us what kind of panties you're wearing."

She saw no reason to resist them at all; her panties were already getting wet. "They're beige today, sir, uh, sirs," she said. "And they are quite transparent; they match my bra; I thought you'd like to know that, sirs."

"They do, do they?"

"Yes, sirs," she answered.

"Don't you think that you should show us to make sure that you're not lying?"

"Yes, of course, sirs, I think that it's only right that I show you. May I do that now?"

"Do it," one of the others said. She lowered her hands to the hem of her skirt and soon had it raised to her waist, displaying her beige bikini panties with her dark pussy triangle showing through the fabric of the panties.

Then she turned to show them her ass. "What the fuck are you doing?" Roger Savage demanded.

"I'm ... uh, ... I'm sorry; I thought you'd want to see my ass too."

"Don't think, just listen, teach!" he shot back at her.

"Yes, sir," she hastened to add,"Of course, sir."

"Sirs!" he shouted at her, "sorry, sorry, sorry, sirs!"

She was a bit confused now. She really didn't know why she acted with such subservience but knew that she loved it so.

Then he spoke again: "So, you slutty bitch, you're the same dirty cunt that we fucked the other night, correct."

"Yes, sirs," she added simply, "I certainly am the same dirty cunt that you fucked the other night."

"Well," he smiled as he continued, "You're in luck because we're having a little small end of school party and you're invited."

Janet hesitated now not sure if she wanted to do this or not. "Problem slut?"

"No, no, sirs, no problem for this slutty bitch."

This made them smile. "So," one of the others said, "You're still our dog then?"

"Yes, sirs, of course I am, still your dog and loving it."

"And what will you do for us," Roger continued.

She shivered just a bit and said: "I will do whatever you tell me to do, sirs." "Good," he answered, 'I thought so."

"Well, put this on then," one of them said, throwing a dog collar to Janet.

Janet experienced a new kind of thrill putting the dog collar on. It really meant that she was serious about being whatever they wanted her to be.

Savage now fairly shouted at her: "Do dogs stand on their two feet?"

"Oh, no, sirs," she said quickly and sunk to her hands and knees, as the one who'd thrown her the dog collar came over to her and attached a chain to the collar and led her over to where the guys were.

Janet though that this was the most humiliating thing possible, but she'd find out later that she was wrong about that. They walked her out of the room, with her in the middle of them on her hands and knees walking like a dog. Dewy just stared and scratched his head.

"Here," Savage said, "Pull up your skirt and give Dewy a little show."

Janet did as she was told, bunching her skirt around her waist so that her panty covered ass was being shown to Dewy and the guys.

One of them laughed and said: "Speak to us, doggie; speak!"

Janet, sensing what they wanted, started to go 'woof, woof' like a dog. This sent the guys into spasms of laughter. Janet was bright red. They got her to her feet as they got to the door leading to the parking lot. Only her car and the one they had come in were there.

They went to the cars, and put her purse into her trunk. She gave the keys to the one designated to drive her car.

"Wait," Roger Savage said, smiling with the new idea. Turning to Janet he said: "Dirty cunts don't get to wear clothes, do they?"

Janet had her eyes down, when she answered him: "No, sir, dirty cunts don't get to wear clothes; they need to be naked."

"Good," he said, "I'm glad you agree; do it."

This was a true turn on for Janet. She was in the parking lot at school with five of her students and who knows how many more waiting for them, and they were making her take off all her clothes.

"Come on, Peters doggie," one of them said, "Bare assed naked right now."

"Yes, sirs," she said quietly as she unbuttoned her blouse and gave it to them, then her skirt.

The cool evening air gave her goose bumps. Someone slapped her ass hard to hurry her up. Into the car then went her bra and her panties. She looked up and asked:

"My shoes?" "Keep them," was the answer.

"Hey, guys," Savage continued, "She likes riding in trunks so much, let's put her into the trunk."

They did; they bundled the naked teacher into the trunk of the car that they'd arrived in. But as the trunk lid was closing Janet looked up from her prone position in the trunk and, with a look of fear and concern on her face spoke up:

"Uh, Mr. Savage, I have a question please."

"Yes, teach?" Roger answered with a kind of sneer.

"Are you going to hurt me? Please don't."

Roger Savage smiled down at Janet and said: "I'll tell you what; I want you to kiss my cock and then I'll answer your questions, a very important question, I realize."

With that Janet sat up and reached out for Roger's pants front.

"But wait," he continued, "You're a teacher; why don't you make us a little speech to convince me that I should let you do my prick, so that you can get your important question answered."

Janet, looking really hot in her sitting position, sitting on her folded legs, glanced first at the rest, who were grinning and then at Roger Savage.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 4 - Chapter 6 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 5
Posted: November 09, 2009 - 08:43:53 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

She began: "Mr. Savage, it's so nice to see you this evening. There's something that I would like to ask you; it's a kind of a favor that I have to ask. As you know, I'm your chemistry teacher and have witnessed and enjoyed looking at your progress both as a student and as an athlete for a few years now. I have been gratified that I was able to take a hand in your education in teaching you chemistry. That has been a pleasure for me. I know that we are now in a kind of a strange, almost anomalous situation here. After all, you came to my room and asked me about what kind of panties that I was wearing. But I like being cooperative and I told you in a forthright fashion that I was wearing beige, nylon bikini panties and I even offered the extra information that those panties were transparent. Following your further instructions, as I love doing, I raised my skirt to show you the exact nature of my panties. I freely admitted to you and your friends that I am like a dog for you, recognizing myself as subservient to you and your friends. I accepted gladly and lovingly both the dog collar and the dog leash from you and left the school building on my hands and knees, as any proper dog should, making sure to please you by making happy doggie noises. When we came to my car, at your bidding and your order I have removed my clothes getting, as one of you so aptly put it, bare assed naked, for you, in front of you, among you. It causes me no shame because I am serious in my desire to serve you and am serious when I say that I will do whatever you tell me to do. You might wonder why; it's this: I love teaching and always have. But I've also had a truly deep, dark desire and wonder about being submissive, especially submissive to my students. I mean, being taken, reduced to servitude, stripped naked and just wantonly used by my students. It is a thrilling and ever present kind of fantasy. My kneeling here in the trunk of this car bare assed naked except for my shoes points out that salient fact correctly. But I think, in reference to your answering my urgent question about whether I'm to be hurt or not, that there is yet something I can teach you, if you will only let me. If you will allow it, I wish to extend my hand and, though I'm your teacher, I wish to extract from your pants what I hope will be your already hard cock. Because I wish to teach you now how it feels to have your teacher's lips grazing your stomach and your pubic hair because she has taken your lovely, man's cock all the way into her throat. Will you let me serve you in this way? Will you please, Mr. Savage? I know the very request is strange from a teacher but we're in a strange situation here and though I'm your teacher, I'm also your doggie and I wish to please."

They cheered.

He too smiled and said quietly: " Nice! Do it."

She leaned forward and unzipped his jeans. Reaching in, she captured his cock in her hand and drew it out. Her breath caught in her throat.

In the hustle and bustle of the gang bang of the other even, she had not realized what a truly lovely looking prick he had. Large crown, with a fairly long shaft, probably, she estimated about 7 inches or so. Nicely fat around.

"This is a cock worth sucking." She thought happily, as she put the entire crown in her mouth and started to alternatingly suck on and lick the under side of the cock head.

She had him involved and kind of jumpy right from the start. She worked on the softness of the head for a bit and then slid half of the cock into her mouth, sucking on it and licking around the sides. Then she pulled her head back to suck on the underside of the cock head a bit before plunging her head down farther this time onto the prick.

She repeated this three times and on the third time she was kissing his pubic hair with her lips.

"Ohhhhhh Shit!" was all that Roger could manage.

One of the others said in a voice tinged with awe: "Wow, can she suck a cock or what?"

The other comments were similar. With her alternating attention to the soft, sensitive underside of the cock head, she had Roger ready to unload his cum in no time.

He hunched forward, the cock in her mouth swelled, she prepared herself and then he began to unload into her throat. She kept her lips clamped on the cock and took it all, not losing a drop.

When he had finished, she gradually lifted her head off and licked and sucked with her tongue and lips to clean him off as she lifted her head.

She simply looked up at him and said in a whisper: "Lovely cock!"

He had a dazed look on his face and replied: "Lovely cock sucker!"

Then, having returned to his senses, Roger said: " Okay, now your question. Are we going to hurt you? No, not too much."

He grinned and said to her upturned face: "Okay, now get down in there. We're going to the party."

Janet did as she was told, huddling down into the trunk. The ride didn't take very long and was, as the other had been, unaccountably erotic for Janet.

There was no reason that she could see to even try to resist the temptation to put her fingers between her legs and play with herself, using that slow manipulation technique that she so much enjoyed. She accompanied her attention to her clit with pinches, hard pinches to her nipples and was near to cumming by the time that the car stopped and the trunk lid was opened again.

Hands hauled her up out of the darkness of the trunk and she found herself standing at the entrance to a large barn. Savage reattached the dog chain to her collar.

"Ready, doggie?" he inquired.

"Yes, sir." She said in response only to have the dog chain yanked with his response, "Do fucking dogs speak that way?"

Janet lowered her eyes and 'woofed' in answer.

They all laughed at that and they walked her to the entrance of the barn.

"Okay," Savage now said, "hands and knees to go in."

Janet obediently got down on her hands and knees to crawl into the barn with her five student companions. Her own wetness was now slicking her thighs, and her breathing was shallow from her sexual excitement.

As soon as they entered the barn there was a chorus of cheers followed immediately by another chorus of dog barkings.

There was another five guys waiting in the barn drinking beer.

Janet looked around, as Roger Savage introduced her to everyone: "Hey, guys, greet Peters the dog; old T & A is here tonight for our entertainment."

Now there was a chorus of "Peters, Peters, Peters, Peters!"

When the cheering stopped, Savage poked her with his shoe telling her: "Wag your ass doggie to show everyone how glad you are to be here."

Janet obediently walked around the circle of guys wagging her ass in an exaggerated and really a very sensual manner.

"Bring out a bale," Savage now said, and a hay bale was brought out into the middle of the open barn space.

Then pulling on the chain he set Janet across the bale with her head hanging over one end and her exposed ass hanging over the other end. She let out an involuntary cry as her tits and stomach came into contact with the scratchiness of the bale of hay.

Roger Savage looked around smiling now almost crowing to the crowd: "Look at that ass, guys! That's prime. Teacher Peters is here, bare assed naked for our enjoyment, and it's TIME (SLAP!) TO (SLAP!) FUCK! (SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!) with each statement punctuated by a hard slap to Janet's ass.

They crowded around now and the time moved into a kind of a blur for Janet. It began with a cock presented to her face, to which she responded by simply opening her mouth wide.

There was to be no finesse, as there had been when she'd gotten out Savage's lovely cock to suck it, while she was in the car trunk.

This was face fucking pure and simple and she discovered quickly that these boys couldn't hold out very long either. At the same time, of course, a cock pushed against her wet, wet pussy lips and she was filled from both ends, providing her with at least a temporary treat.

But the pricks in the back too were of short duration in their attentions to her. It lasted this way probably for 45 minutes, and they were minutes of continued stimulation, giving Janet the chance to actually orgasm twice in that time.

Finally they were finished, and Roger Savage hauled Janet up and took her, again on her hands and knees, to the middle of the barn. He said to someone: "Bring Duke."

Duke turned out to be a dog, a big dog. He was friendly enough but once he got a whiff of Janet, who was kneeling still in the circle of guys, he went straight for her.

"Ohhhhh," was Janet's only remark.

But the voice of Savage cut in: "Peters just keep still and you'll be fine; do you understand?"

"Yes," Janet said in a very tiny, very frightened voice. "What is he going to do?" She then managed.

One of the guys in the circle quipped in answer: "I think Duke's in love with our teacher."

They laughed, and another voice added: "Yeah, or at least in lust."

Duke was now moving around to Janet's ass and still sniffing vigorously. Every now and then Janet let out another "Ohhh." She didn't frankly know if she should be frightened or not. The dog seemed friendly enough and was constantly sniffing her actively.

She was sure that he could probably smell all the cum that was leaking from her pussy.

Then Savage changed the game just a little. "Watch this," he said quietly to the ring of guys but Janet heard and said, rather desperately: "Watch what? What is he going to do, Savage?"

Roger said to her at that point in a rather rough voice: "Forgetting yourself so soon, Peters?"

"I'm sorry," she lamented, "But I just don't know if I like this or not."

"Well," Savage then said, "I know a woman like you will like this; get down with your head on the ground and your ass in the air."

When she hesitated, he said: "Peters, do it now; or we let Duke get rough."

"No, no, no, no, no," she quailed, "I'm doing it; I'm doing it."

She made the move, which go a kind of a combination grunt and growl from Duke.

It made her shake now with fear but Savage said to her: "Just stay that way and you'll win his confidence. You'll see."

With Janet in that vulnerable position with her naked ass and well fucked pussy in the air, Duke now had new targets for sniffing, and he went right to it. He got his wet nose first in her pussy and then in her ass crack, which produced a kind of a surprised squeak from Janet, and a laugh from the guys.

Then Duke, after the double invasion, knew that the smell was something interesting. The next thing that he did pushed the entire incident to a new area.

Duke stuck his nose again into her asshole and pussy and licked first one and then the other.

The "OHHHHHHHHHHH" this time from Janet was one that was decidedly not one of fear.

The sensations and the situation exploded in Janet's mind like some kind of sweet bomb. The journey away from the stifling living situation with Jimmie was now complete.

She had been taken from school today by a group of her students, a group who had just a few days ago all fucked her and whose cocks she had sucked, willingly--take that Jimmie!

They grabbed her from her class room, put a dog collar on her and took her to her car where they actually told her to strip and she did it! She stripped for them and was put into the trunk of the car, in their words, bare assed naked.

She rolled that phrase around in her mind once again just because she liked it: no panties, no bra, no underwear, bare assed naked for her students, only because they told her to and she was going to obey what they told her to do!

They brought her to this barn, in the middle of nowhere, treated her like a dog, telling her to bark for them, which she gladly did.

Then they and the others that were waiting for them all fucked her, fucked her mouth and her pussy, no finesse, nothing but sex, sex, sex, and she loved that, she loved that, she loved that.

And now ... and now ... AND NOW she was kneeling on the floor, they were commenting about her--dirty comments, which were only encouragement for her, and, can you believe it?

Tell Jimmie, someone fucking tell Jimmie, they brought in a dog and the dog--the FUCKING DOG WAS LICKING HER ASSHOLE AND HER PUSSY AND SHE LOVED THE SENSATION! Can anyone hear that? Can the world hear that? Well it's true.

All of this was rushing through Janet's almost feverish mind, she was so far lost in the lust. It was fucking true: the dog had an educated tongue and the fucking tongue felt great.

Then the dog stopped his licking and settled back on his haunches. Janet turned around and was now facing the dog but her face was in front of his stomach. The dog had an erection, bit and pinkish and nice looking, shit--lovely looking,

"Stroke him!" Roger Savage said. "Stroke him!"

He wanted her to play with the dog's cock. "Play with the dog's cock," She said to herself because she knew what she was going to do, and let them put this in their pipes and smoke it.

She simply lowered her head and took the dog's cock in her mouth and sucked on it. The dog made a strange moaning kind of noise and shook a little, then put a paw on her shoulder and Janet kept sucking the dog's cock.

"They wanted depravity," she thought, "Well they've come to the right fucking place for depravity."

Then she sensed that the dog was ready to move on and she knew she was. She just stared at Roger Savage for a moment, actually blew him a kiss with her lips and, scooting around, lowered her head again to the floor and her ass in the air and in a matter of seconds the dog's cock was in her pussy and she was being fucked by the dog.

There was a chorus of "He's fucking her!" and "The dog's fucking Peters." and "She's letting him fuck her."

She didn't know if they were grossed out or turned on but she was turned on and the dog seemed to love riding her like a train, with his paws grasping her sides and his hairy thighs bumping against her ass cheeks and thighs. It took only a little while but the dog came and was done, no longer interested.

She sank to the floor, having had another orgasm herself and was simply overcome by the whole thing, and suddenly weary, hoping the evening might be over.

But Roger Savage and the boys had a different idea. Hands grabbed her and hauled her to her feet, and she offered no protest; she was beyond that, way beyond that.

She looked on as they now tied her hands together and stretched her hands over her head. They took her, once her hands were tied and hooked the ropes across a low beam in the barn so that she could only barely keep her toes on the ground.

But if they pushed her, as some of them did, she would swing back and for a bit. It hurt her arms but she was almost beyond caring. That is until they threw a bucket of cold water on her.

It woke her up from her reverie and then there was the belts. They all seemed to have taken off their belts and began to beat her. Every inch of her body was welted by the belts, or so it seemed, and Janet was crying and screaming and begging and pleading but they were laughing and enjoying the show that the slut teacher was providing now. It went on for a few minutes but she thought that it went on forever.

Then it was stopped; that is: everything was stopped. Stopped by a voice, a female voice that simply brought everything to a halt. 'CUT HER DOWN!" Someone screamed.

Janet turned her head in that direction and saw that it was Robin Cook, also her student, and that the boys had stopped totally.

Robin stalked into the barn and about at the top of her voice demanded: "What the fuck do you all think you're doing? Cut her down, I said."

Two of them immediately did as she said and Janet sunk to the barn floor. "What are you thinking? Almost everyone of you have a ride a college in sports. So here you come to play your guy games and hurt a teacher. Sure, everyone says that she came willingly and maybe that might stand as the truth, maybe she is a slut but in the meantime it hits the papers and your names are mud and your scholarships in sports aren't worth the paper they're written on. Haven't you seen the news? Haven't you paid any attention to all the sports scandals lately? Do you really think that any school will take an athlete who fucked up a teacher? Do you?"

To the boys credit they were all, including Roger, pretty chagrined. They knew that Robin knew what she was talking about.

"Okay," she demanded next, "Leave, every fucking one of you. I'll clean up after you, and take that fucking dog with you. Using a dog on a woman, what the fuck were you thinking, any of you? I'll tell you what, you were thinking with your dicks, not your best trait. Out and I'll settle things here."

They left then, as she told them.

Robin went to where Janet was huddled on the floor. At first Robin only put her arms around the sobbing teacher and held her. She kissed Janet on the head a few times and on the cheek a few times and Janet simply clung to her.

Janet lifted her head and said very quietly: "Thank you, Robin."

"Come on, uh Ms. Peters," Robin began.

"No," Janet cut in, "It's Janet."

"Okay," Robin then continued, "Janet, let's get you out of here."

She helped Janet to her feet and walked the naked teacher out to Janet's car.

"How'd you get here?" Janet asked.

"I got a ride." Robin said,"We'll take your car. But your clothes?"

Janet indicated that everything was in the trunk. When the trunk was opened it showed Janet's skirt, blouse, bra and panties.

"Here,"Robin said, reaching in and pulling out the skirt and blouse,"At least put these on and your panties. You might leak."

She actually had a grin on her face, when she said that.

"Yeah," Janet mentioned, "They certainly gave me a lot."

Then the two of them were giggling about it. "Shall I drive?" Robin asked.

"Will you please?" was Janet's reply.

So, Robin packed Janet into the car and got into the driver's side. They went back to town, with Janet's directions, Robin had questions for Janet, and was simply waiting for her chance. For the time being she just gave Jane some silent time.

While they were going to town, Robin reached out her hand and stroked Janet's cheek. That was too much for Janet. She began to sob almost uncontrollably.

Robin pulled off to the side of the secondary road where they were at the time and gathered her sobbing teacher to herself saying: "You cry, girl; you just go cry."

Janet sobbed it out and finally struggled to say: "I'm sorry, Ms. Cook, ... er Robin; it was just so intense."

Robin took it up at that point: "If you don't mind, Janet," she began tentatively, "I'd like you to tell me about it."

Janet did during the ride home. "It all goes back really to my damn ex husband." she began. "He was a preacher..."

Janet then filled Robin in on her life with Jimmie. As she told her tale, she found herself more and more at ease with Robin. Robin helped the process by periodically stroking Janet's face or her thigh over her skirt, as the tale was told. And Janet put it all out there: the tale of her awakening, she called it.

She told about the subway ride and the mysterious hand moving her panties around, the rude bunch of guys in the balcony who made her strip and suck them off.

This bit brought a "Wow! That's hot." from Robin, to which Janet responded: "It certainly was."

Then Janet continued with her tale about Joe and Melissa and her encounter with them, including them coming to church and Melissa demanding that Janet give her her panties.

"Did you?" Robin wanted to know.

"Of course," was Janet's simple answer.

Then the tale moved on to Clifford and all the things that Clifford made her do. At this point Robin broke in with a surprised "Clifford?"

"Yes," Janet said with a smile, "Clifford."

"Shit," Robin said, "Who would have thought it of him."

"Indeed," was Janet's comment.

And the tale then went to the forced gang bang that Clifford set up for Janet, with her wearing heels, stockings and the hood. When Janet got to the point where she told of Clifford taking off her hood to show the assembled guys that it was Janet their Chem teacher, Robin was so surprised that the car lurched.

She said a quick 'sorry," and grinned at Janet saying; "But that is so, so hot."

"Amazingly hot," Janet agreed, "But it also meant that I was outed, so to speak. They all took turns spanking me then and I had to give each of them another blow job knowing that it was their teacher who was sucking them off."

Then Janet concluded with the story of being grabbed at school, forced to strip in the parking lot and going into the trunk for the ride to the barn, concluding with the tale about being fucked by everyone there, sucking all their cocks and then being given to the dog.

Robin was agog at the part of the story about the dog. "The dog!!!!! The DOG!" she almost shouted. "Jeez, this just keeps getting better and better."

"It certainly was intense." Janet said.

"But," Robin wanted to know, "Janet, tell me what it really feels like; I mean being the sexual object in all these adventures."

"I don't know," Janet started, as she leaned back in her seat,"It just kind of makes you feel alive. It's like knowing who it is that can order you to do something and suddenly the object of your life it so do what you're told. It's really marvelous for me; I can tell you that."

By then they had arrived at Janet's place. "Oh," Janet said, "We're here. Uh, shall I take you home?"

"No," Robin said, it's cool with my mom that I'm out, "I want to make sure you get in, cleaned up and settled okay."

"Oh good," Janet sighed. When they went in, Robin said: "Nice place."

"It's not mine," Janet said, "I'm kind of house sitting with a friend who is teaching for a year in England. The ex Jimmie and I lived in church housing and I had no where to go, once he went off to be a missionary. But, yes, this is nice." Then she turned to Robin and said: "Look, make yourself at home. I'm first going to go and shower."

Janet went off to the bedroom and stripped off her clothes and got under the hot water of the shower, which felt like a million dollars.

As she was in the process of showering, she heard the shower door open and felt first a pair of arms encircling her and then felt the front of Robin's body, nipples erect, pressing against her back. Janet turned and under the strong spray of the hot water, gave up her mouth and tongue to Robin. As they kissed, Robin's hands searched the seam between Janet's ass cheeks, rubbed down her thighs and found their way to Janet's pussy, which she stroked but very lightly.

"Yes,"Janet said, "I'm still sore from the herd."

Both of the giggled at that, and went to the business of washing each other. While Robin was washing Janet's back she said in a whispering voice: "The fucking dog!"

"Hey,"Janet said with a grin, "If men had educated tongues like that dog they'd get more pussy!"

They both laughed. "Did you really suck the dog off?" then Robin wanted to know.

"It seemed like the thing to do for the dog at that point," Janet answered.

"Wow!' was Robin's lone comment to that.

Then Janet began to wash Robin. She told Robin to put her hands in the air. Immediately it gave Robin a kind of sense that she was a captive of Janet's and could do nothing but comply with Janet's wishes. Janet washed with soap and her hands down the front of Robin's body, paying attention to her tits and pussy. Then she turned Robin around and beginning at the shoulders, washed down her back also, taking time to insert her soapy fingers into the crack of Robin's ass.

Janet had Robin moaning at that point. As the soap flowed away from Robin's body, Janet moved her around and spread Robin's ass cheeks with her hands putting her face, lips and tongue into the crack of Robin's ass. Robin was now groaning and pushing her ass back at Janet's face with moans of "Oh, fuck, Ms. Peters, Oh Fuck, Janet, Oh, Shit, Ms. Peters."

Then Janet turned Robin around and began to apply her tongue, as the water cascaded down on them, to Robin's pussy, all the while holding her hips and grasping her ass cheeks to pin Robin to her face. Robin began to pump her hips into Janet's face for real now and came with a blaze of light and almost sub human sounds. They clung to each other in the shower for another five minutes before turning the water off and drying each other.

Robin dressed and Janet put on a pair of pink nylon panties. Janet went to get them each something to drink from the fridge and they sat on the couch.

"That was wonderful," Robin began to say.

"Yes, it was," was Janet's reply.

"There's ... uh something that I'd really like to ask you to do though."

"Yes," Janet replied, something?"

"Well, yes, it's just that I've always wondered ... and I was thinking that maybe ... uh maybe you might spank me."

There was a silence left in the room. Janet sat on the couch facing Robin. Janet wore only those pink bikini panties, Robin was dressed but now asking to be spanked. The air was as electric now again as it had been in the shower.

Janet just looked at her and said: "Okay strip again."

When Robin was naked again, Janet took her by the hand and pulled her to the couch to put her over her lap.

"Now," Janet said, as she got Robin, who was now trembling, in place. "I'll tell you how this will be. I'm going to spank your bare ass until you are crying. Do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am, Ms. Peters." Robin said meekly.

"Then," Janet continued. "I'm going to take off my panties and you will spank me with the same conditions."

"Oh, yes," Robin said with some real enthusiasm.

Janet began to spank Robin's upturned, naked ass. The sound of the slaps to Robin's ass echoed in the apartment. Robin began with groans on about the third slap but was soon reduced to louder moans and then she began to sigh and give out loud grunts with every slap. Janet did not slacken her pace or the severity of her slaps at all. Finally, Robin was reduced to sobbing and crying and ended pleading for Janet to please stop spanking her. At that point Janet did stop and hauled Robin off her lap and up with her lips glued to Robin's, made soft from her weeping.

After the kiss, Robin looked at Janet expectantly.

"Strip, bitch!' Robin now said with a completely different attitude.

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said now very meekly.

The tables were now turned. Robin sat gingerly on the couch and now hauled her former chem teacher into her lap. Janet was now naked and vulnerable across the lap of her former student. The blows now fell on Janet's ass with a fury that was born now of the kind of spanking that Robin had just received.

Janet proved that she could take more pain than Robin but she too went through the series of grunts, ows and sobs to fully crying and asking for Robin to stop. But Robin continued the spanking ignoring the pleas of her former teacher, whose ass was now a rosy red.

"Like this don't you, cunt?" Robin demanded. "Tell me you're a slut and a pig and you like to be treated like one by your students and I'll consider stopping."

Janet didn't hesitate: "Oh, yes, Ms. Cook, I'm a pig and a slut and I love to be treated that way by my students. I suck their cocks, when they demand it and I love to let them spank my naked ass. But Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaase, please stop."

Robin stopped and again the two exhausted women were in each others arms, this time it was Janet with the soft, soft lips from crying. They sat awhile and Robin had more questions about Janet's sexual experiences. She eventually expressed the desire for Janet to help her with the same kind of things.

Finally, Janet made a promise to take Robin the next day to Samantha's to let Clifford help Robin buy panties.

After a while, Janet said: "Come on, sweet love, I need to drive you home. Let me throw on some clothes, and we can go." Janet put on a t shirt and a pair of tight, stretch running pants. They highlighted Janet's ass and the soft curl of the edges of her panties. Robin didn't want to leave her but had to get home.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 6 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 5 - Chapter 7 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 6
Posted: November 09, 2009 - 07:15:53 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Finals were approaching and it was the policy of the school to allow special tutorials on Saturdays to get students ready for the exams that would lead to an official state diploma. Janet scheduled a chemistry tutorial. She wasn't too nervous about it, since it would be mixed guys and girls and didn't expect the guys to act up, despite the other evenings activities. She was surprised, however, when the time came that there were only girls there. Four of them showed up. Janet was actually relieved; she really didn't know if the boys would try to do something, after the other night, or not. But with only the girls, she had no such worry.

The review lesson seemed to go pretty well, and the girls seemed to be grasping the basics that Janet was trying to get them to understand. She was pleased with it, as it drew to a close.

She smiled at them and said: "I really appreciate your efforts here today; I know how tedious this can be and you've hung in there with it. The last thing we'll do is a short quiz to make sure that you've grasped what I've been talking about. Just hang in there a bit longer and we're done."

It was just then that Robin piped up: "Ms. P, why don't we do something to make it a little more fun?"

Janet was immediately skeptical but knew that she'd listen to what Robin had to say. "Yes? What do you have in mind?" she asked smiling.

Robin smiled back at her, and Janet realized that it was as much a leer as a smile. "Here's what we'll do," Robin continued, "Every time we answer a question correctly, we get to take off an article of your clothes. When we get something wrong, you get to teach us. Nice idea?"

Janet tried to smile; she as aware that Robin knew she could not refuse a plan that Robin came up with. The girls were all smiling and giggling at this.

One of them, Julie, piped up: "Come on, Ms. P, the boys have all seen you naked, why can't we?"

Janet colored at the words and knew suddenly that she was going to do what they were asking of her.

"Uh,..." she said hesitatingly, "Well, we could do that to ... uh make it interesting."

"Very interesting," Julie said.

Janet walked over to the door to lock it and pull down the shade on the door. One of the girls behind her, she wasn't sure who it was, chimed in as she walked: "Swing that ass, girl."

Janet almost instinctively took it as an order and broadened the swing of her ass and hips as she walked. The girls cheered, as Janet peaked over her shoulder at them and grinned.

When she was back at her desk, Robin added, "By the way, in addition, every time we get an answer correct, we get to ask you a personal question, which you cannot refuse to answer. Clear, Janet?"

"Clear," Janet said.

The girls giggled at this new wrinkle in the plan Then the quiz began then.

Janet found pretty quickly that she had been more effective in teaching them than she might have thought. The first question was taken by one of the girls, Michelle and answered correctly.

There was cheering now. Michelle got up and went to where her teacher was standing just waiting. Janet wasn't sure if she was supposed to take off the article of clothing or if it would be taken off by the girl answering the question.

Michelle's hurry to get to where the submissive teacher stood answered that question. Staring into the teacher's eyes, Michelle slowly unbuttoned her blouse and then, pulling it out of the waist band of Janet's linen pants, pulled it off of Janet's shoulders.

She waved it around like a flag and the girls cheered again. Janet stood more exposed now to their gaze, since she was wearing only a pink lacy bra above the waist. But she also knew that the possibility was that she would expose more to them quickly.

Robin spoke up then and said to Michelle, "Do you have a question for our teacher?"

"Yes, I do," the girl returned. "Ms. Peters, did you really suck off all those guys the other night?"

Janet was now caught in the needs of her own disposition to submission and didn't even think of not answering.

She reddened a bit and said: "Yes, Miss Michelle, I did; they came in her and made me strip naked; they took me outside and put me in the trunk of a car and drove me to a farm with a barn, where I sucked all of them off."

"Far out!" was Michelle's comment and the generally accepted comment of the group.

They didn't get the next question correct, so Janet gave them the information on that issue that they needed to have.

It was quite a sensation to be standing here teaching in her underwear, or at least her bra, and she found herself looking forward to going on now and maybe actually having to do some teaching absolutely naked.

As if reading her mind, Robin piped up then: "You're really enjoying this, Janet, aren't you?"

"Yes, Miss Robin," she said quietly, "I really am." Robin laughed and looked at the other girls and said: "She's such a slut!"

"Thank you, Miss Robin," was Janet's quick comment.

Then another question was answered correctly. Now there was a debate: bra or pants? Which would come off next.

Julie had answered the question and said: "I've always wanted to pull down a teacher's pants and let their ass be on display, and now I think this is my opportunity."

She went over to the desk where Janet was waiting for what was coming next. Janet stared at her and realized that she really was turned on by this girl; the athlete.

Julie grinned at her and winked. Janet smiled back. Julie undid the waistband of the slacks and tugged the well fitting garment down past Janet's flaring hips and well formed ass, letting them slide to the floor.

"Ohhhhhh," Julie cooed, "The teacher has matching underwear today. Kind of all right!"

Someone spoke up and said: "You say it, girl."

As had been the case previously, Julie held up the slacks and waved them like a banner to the generally cheering of the others.

Then Julie turned to Janet and asked: "Was there really a dog involved in the sex scene with the guys the other night?"

Janet really colored now and said: "Yes, Miss Julie, there was; by that time I was so turned on from all the way they were using me that I would have done anything and actually did."

There was a corporate gasp from the girls at that point. The girls got the next two questions wrong. Janet taught the concepts then and her anticipation of being turned on by standing and teaching in her panties and bra came crashing home. She was turned on, she was getting wet between her thighs and was really enjoying this.

The next question was answered correctly by Robin, who wasted no time going to her teacher and claiming her prize of Janet's pink bra, which she whipped around her head a tossed to the other girls, who were laughing. The bra was now gone letting Janet's large tits hang free, now showing prize, stiffened nipples.

"The teach is turned on, aren't you, bitch?" Robin wanted to know.

"Yes, ma'am, I am," Janet said simply.

Then Robin asked her: "How long have you recognized that you're so submissive?"

"Oh," came the answer, "Only a very short time period but it has been intense. When someone discovers it and orders me to do things, I just tend to do them."

This brought a "Wooooooaaaaahhhhhhh!" from the girls in the group. Now there were comments such as "Pretty panties, bend over, teach etc." Janet responded to them and bent over with her back to the girls, showing them her ass enclosed in the pink fabric of her panties.

Then the girls got another question right! The last of the girls, Joanne, came up and knelt before Janet, who just stared down at the kneeling girl. Joanne slowly slipped the panties from Janet's hips and down past her ass and thighs until they simply slipped from the now naked teacher.

Joanne asked her a question: "Have you ever eaten someone's pussy, if so who?"

Janet didn't hesitate about the first part and told them that 'yes' she had indeed eaten a pussy.

She glanced briefly at Robin before answering the second part but Robin was just grinning, so Janet then told them that it was Robin's pussy that she had eaten.

This caused momentary pandemonium. Robin now stood up and took over. She had the really, really turned on, now naked, teacher teach for another 15 minutes. Janet was almost beside herself trying to concentrate on her subject as she stood, gestured, diagramed and tried to get the lesson across to the girls who were now centering their attention on her.

Then Robin announced: "Okay we're going to Janet's for a slumber party but first, Julie go get Dewy; we want a photo to mark this day. You don't mind, do you, Janet?"

The nude teacher shook her head and said quietly: "No, Miss Robin, I don't mind at all."

Soon enough a pleasantly surprised Dewy was ushered into the room and took the digital photo of all the girls, still with their clothes on, surrounding the naked teacher.

Then Robin said: "Okay, now one more but everyone also naked."

This caused shrieks of laughter as the girls tossed off their clothes in all directions, much to the delight Dewy, who was muttering about never having seen such a thing in a long, long time.

At last they were all naked, all surrounding Janet, all rubbing themselves against her. She was trembling from her sexual arousal.

"Thanks, Dewy," Robin said, and turning to Janet she ordered: "Come over here, Ms. Peters, kneel down and give Dewy his thanks."

Janet knew what she needed to do and went to her knees in front of the elderly janitor. The girls were shrieking their approval as Janet opened Dewy's zipper, took out his cock and sucked him off loudly. The girls were cheering and clapping, as Dewy came in Janet's mouth. The older man left, laughing and shaking his head. Then they all dressed and went out to pile in their cars and go to Janet's for the 'party.' It was strange, once they left the school and went to Janet's the tone of the gathering changed. They all became much more of a group of girlfriends who were intent upon a pj party.

Janet trotted out an assortment of sleep garments and the girls picked what they wanted for the 'party.' They ranged from pjs to fairly sexy teddies. They demanded that Janet wear a spaghetti strapped off white gown. Janet had two of them; they were old but still sexy. The girls fairly shouted their approval, when Janet was outfitted in the gown and paraded around grinning.

They whooped and told stories and generally had a ball. Someone then suggested pizza. The pizza order was phoned in and they were expecting a delivery.

It was Robin then who piped up and said: "Hey, why don't we seduce the pizza delivery guy?" The suggestion was met with general approval.

Someone, it might have been Julie, said: "Yes, teach here can do the same kind of favor that she did for old Dewy."

The girls giggled at this and Janet joined in the fun with them, saying 'what if the pizza guy wasn't young an good looking?"

"Then," Michelle added, "You get to suck off a codger."

They all thought this hilarious and were still going on about it, when the door bell rang.

"Okay, everyone," Robin said, "Get ready. We're going to let him in and then pounce on him. Anything goes but remember that our Janet will finish him off."

The pizza guy, named Marvin, was non plussed when he was allowed into the place and saw the group, a veritable bevy, of lovely women, all scantily dressed.

They took the pizza from him and the girls closed in. They were hugging and kissing this older, gray haired man with abandon, who was chubby to boot. Marvin hardly knew what to do, when one of the girls actually loosened his belt and pulled his pants down and off. Before he knew what was happening, old Marvin was naked with all these girls.

He was flustered, he was excited, he was nervous and he was turned on. It was Robin then who interrupted the fun.

She said to him: "Marvin," (he wore a name plate.) "We girls want you to meet Janet; she's our sexual slave and will do whatever we tell her to do; won't you, Janet dear?"

Janet shook her head 'yes' and said that she would indeed do what she was told.

Robin continued: "Marv, my friend, we intend to pay for the pizza but we are going to have Janet here give you the tip. Would you like that?"

Marvin was beyond words now and simply shook his head affirmative.

"Okay, slave," Robin said, "Kneel and give our Marv his tip."

Janet obeyed and they all gathered around as Janet proceeded to take Marvin's small but erect cock in her mouth and work her mouth's magic on it. Marvin was not very long in cumming. After he did, and Janet had cleaned his cock with her mouth, he began to dress offering his thanks to all of them for making an old man's day for him.

Marvin got a round of kisses from everyone upon leaving. When the door was shut the girls fell upon one another in a kind of group hug; Janet got more hugs and kisses from her pals for being so willing to help out with Marvin.

Then it was pizza time. The party rolled on and it became more and more a kind of hen fest with giggling and gossip. A bit later, once the pizza had been dispatched and the party was running down a bit there was someone at the door. Janet looked at the girls and said that she wasn't going to suck off whoever it was at the door.

They were hysterical at that remark. Janet went to the door and peaked around with everyone behind her. It was a really lovely woman, who seemed to be in her late 30's or so.

Robin piped up immediately: "Mom! I didn't think you'd come."

Janet turned to Robin in a panic and said desperately: "Your Mom?"

Robin whispered to Janet: "She's cool, don't worry about it."

And, directing her comments to her mom said: 'Come on in and join the party but you have to dress like the rest of us. It's a pj party."

The lovely lady came in and Robin introduced her to Janet as her mom Noel. Janet held out a hand to her and had a kind of electric thrill at the touch of Noel's hand. Then the girls chimed in that Noel had to have appropriate wear for a pj party. Janet told her to go with her and she'd get her something. They all trooped behind to the bedroom, where the array of night clothes were still out on the bed. They all chose a gown that was exactly the mate of the one that Janet was wearing. They clapped and whistled, as Noel took off her clothes and donned the robe, wearing only panties beneath.

Julie said at that point that all the older gals were slaves that night and slaves could not be allowed to wear panties. Noel began to protest but the girls grabbed her, while she kind of squealed and they forcibly took off her panties.

Janet watched and giggled with the rest and joined the clapping, when it was done. Then they produced a pair of scissors and cut off the hem of the ankle length gown to about 4 inches above her knees, they said as a result of her being uncooperative.

Janet was still laughing at this, when Julie took the scissors and did the same to the hem of her gown. The results, for Janet, were electric, seeing the effect that the short, pearl colored gown had on the otherwise naked woman.

And the party went on. After a little while, Janet went into the kitchen to get more snacks for everyone, although the fun was beginning to slow down.

As she was there, Robin sidled up to here and, putting her hand on Janet's bare left ass cheek, said: "I think my mom likes you."

"I like her too," Janet answered in an occupied tone.

"No, silly," Robin continued, "I mean I think she likes you."

This did get Janet's attention. "You mean?" S he left the rest unasked, but Robin picked up on it and said: "Yes, that's what I mean. I've never seen her so turned on before."

"Well, she certainly is hot," was Janet's next confession, "And," Janet continued, "With the crush of people she'll have to sleep with me."

"Sly bitch!" Robin said and slapped Janet's naked ass.

Just then Julie came into the dimly lighted kitchen. "Oh," she said in an accusatory tone of voice, "Playing are we?"

"Come here, sweets," Robin said,"There's enough ass here for both of us."

"Mmmm," Julie purred, "I might just do that."

And she took up the place on the other side of Janet, who now had hands caressing both of her naked ass cheeks.

"But some of us like to pinch," Julie said in a kind of strained voice and then Janet jumped with the force of Julie's pinch.

"Like that, kitten?" Julie wanted to know.

Robin laughed and just looked on and then commented: "She likes all kinds of attention like that."

Julie had gone then to pinching a nipple, making Janet writhe at the attention. Robin left the room making a comment about giving them privacy.

"I like total privacy for my affairs," Julie said but "I'd know how to deal with you."

As she said that, she leaned in to Janet and kissed her teacher. The kiss was hot, it was open mouthed with tongues and all.

There was then a gasp from the doorway. Both women looked up and saw Noel watching them. Her hand covered her mouth.

Julie broke away and sashayed across the room, leaning in to kiss Noel quickly on the lips as she passed.

She said in a voice that could be heard by only the three of them: "She tastes so good; you should try her."

Noel just stammered at that.

When Julie was gone, Janet went to Noel and said: "Don't mind her, girlfriend, she's just high spirited."

"What did you call me?" Noel asked weakly.

"I said, girlfriend," Janet whispered to her and kiss her ear.

It made Noel blush. Then Janet said, "When we get them all settled, you'll have to bunk with me tonight; it's the only other sleeping surface available."

"Oh," Noel said, then added: "Uh ... uh ... that might be, I don't know; uh just fine."

Her stammering and blushing made Janet smile. Finally the girls did seem to settle down and Janet took Noel to the bedroom. The moon light was streaming into the room.

"Quiet at last," Noel said:

"Quiet," was Janet's simple reply.

"They really are rambunctious, aren't they?"

"Yes, they are. But it's finally bed time, girlfriend."

Noel said in a very quiet voice: "I like it when you call me that."

"Hmm," Janet returned, "I like it too.

"Can I ask you a personal question? You don't have to answer."

"Sure, but I probably will," Janet answered.

But just then, as she stood in the moonlight, Janet pulled the thin nightgown over her head and walked toward the bed naked.

"Ohhh," Noel almost whimpered. "You're going to sleep naked?"

"Yes, love, it's such a great feeling."

Noel hesitated but then followed suit and pulled the nightgown over her head also. The two naked women slipped into the bed. Janet reached out almost instinctively and Noel, understanding, slipped into the circle of Janet's arms and sighed.

"My question," Noel continued is: "Have you ever been with Robin, I mean sexually? Please forgive me if I'm too forward."

Janet laughed, "Not at all, girlfriend, we can talk about those kinds of things; yes, I have been with Robin intimately."

Noel snuggled into Janet's side and said in a low voice: "I have also. Isn't that terrible?"

"No," Janet answered quickly, "I think it's exciting. She is a very forceful girl."

"Really?" Noel asked a bit astonished and certainly pleased, "You don't mind?"

"Let me tell you my story and see if you mind."

As they snuggled, Janet went through the tale of her transformation from prude and frustrated woman to wanton and submissive who is available.

"Wow," Noel whispered, "That's such an exciting story."

Janet leaned into her and said to her, almost mouth to mouth, both with their heads on their pillows: "What about you and Robin? Tell me."

Noel sighed and said: "At one point it all felt so bad but it's become really exciting, I think. It began one day kind of with her slapping my, you know, slapping me."

Janet giggled into the dark and said: "You can say ass in front of me, silly."

Noel giggled then too and replied quietly: "I guess if we're going to be girlfriends we can say those things."

Janet realized that she was in earnest about it. "Yes, we can," Janet replied.

"Well," Noel continued, "She came into the kitchen one day. I was wearing a robe and just panties beneath the robe. We talked about something and got silly. She made the comment that I was bad and should be spanked. And then she did, she slapped my ass, pretty hard. It had a strange and almost wakening kind of effect on me. After her father left for his young assistant, as he called her, I just kind of went into a shell. I realize now that the sex was Robin's way of getting me to come to grips with myself, and I do believe it is working. But on that occasion she looked at me with a strange look on her face and said: 'You liked that didn't you? And don't you dare lie to me.' So I didn't; I mean I didn't lie. I told her outright that I didn't understand it but I did really get a charge out of her slapping me. I was confused but she seemed to be determined at that point. And you know what? She did it again. And I let her. I even turned and grabbed the sink and bent a little from the waist so that she could slap me more effectively. It was so strange and I realized that it was really turning me on; I mean awakening a part of me that I thought was long dead; that part was coming to life right there. And she knew; she wise that way; you see."

"Yes, she is," Janet said, "She certainly read those kinds of desire in me."

"But she asked me what I was thinking and I told her; we never have lied to each other or kept things back. I told her that for whatever reason, her slapping me, slapping my ass, gave me a sexual thrill that I thought was long dead and gone."

"What did she do?" Janet asked, leaning closer to the lovely blonde's head.

"She startled me all over again, then," Noel continued, "By leaning to me and kissing me; I mean really kissing: open mouth, tongues lips, teeth, all of it. And I responded in a way that I hadn't responded to anyone in years. That was our first time together; she spanked me then, after making me take off the robe and let her spank me with only a pair of panties on, and then she sat and I knelt and put my head between her legs and ate her until she just shivered and sighed and came and came."

"First," Janet said, "But not last?"

"No, not last; it was a kind of process kind of making me ready for relationships again. I don't know but I feel all fluttery talking to you. I ... uh ... I want to, you know do things, try things but I don't know what you want."

Janet leaned to the other woman's pillow and kissed her open mouth, saying, when she was finished: "That's what I want."

"Ohh..." Noel said and then she slipped her hand down Janet's thigh and up across her belly. "Do you mind?" Noel asked quietly?

"Don't mind it at all but, girlfriend, I want to tell you the girls will be back; they'll be here after a while."

"What for?" Noel said with some wonder.

"Think of it," Janet said, "They're excited and they know that up here are two lovely, very submissive women who won't object to anything they want to force us to do. They won't be able to resist."

"Oh, wow!" was Noel's only comment. "Will there be another, or other times?" Noel asked quietly.

"There certainly will be," Janet said then she turned to Noel but Noel's face was already turned to her and the resulting kiss was a hard one and very deep.

Of course, Janet was right. It was a while later that the girls did creep up the stairs, and put the lights on with voices shouting: "Panty raid."

Janet and Noel, sleeping lightly, broke into spontaneous laughter at the voice.

"What's funny, sluts?" came the next question, it was Julie talking.

"We're not wearing any!" was Noel's reply.

"Let's see," Julie said and grabbed the covers off of the two naked women. " Well, look at all the pussy that we found! It's play time," Julie said.

She pointed at Janet saying: "I want her mouth."

Then Robin said: "And I get her pussy."

Then Joanne and Michelle claimed the same from Noel, with Michelle getting Noel's mouth first and Joanne getting Noel's pussy.

Julie climbed up on the bed first and settled down with her knees under Janet's armpits and, with a grin on her face, pulled Janet's face up into her wet pussy. Janet stuck out her tongue and gladly began to eat the eager, and dominant girl.

Robin meanwhile had nestled between Janet's legs and began to tongue Janet's pussy too, every now and then nipping Janet's inner thighs, causing the teacher to yelp out into Julie's pussy.

And Noel was getting the same treatment from Joanne and Michelle. The girls took turns trading off so that everyone got a chance to be eaten and eat one of the others. For a while the only sounds were those of slurping and licking, accompanied by sighs and groans from various members of the pile of sexually intense ladies in the room.

Julie writhed on Janet's mouth, as Janet finally brought her student to an orgasm. Julie fell down on top of Janet, with Janet's hands firmly planted on Julie moving ass, and whispered fiercely to her: "I'm coming for you one day, teach; I'm gonna come to get you and you'd best be ready."

"Oh," Janet whispered back, "I only hope you do."

They were busy for quite a while and in the end there was simply a pile of naked bodies lying there. The girls eventually left the room, everyone sated, making comments about letting the old bags get some rest.

When they were gone, Janet turned to Noel and said quietly: "Noel, you okay?"

"Please call me girlfriend," Noel answered to her almost shyly.

"Of course," Janet said, leaning in for a kiss, "Are you okay, girlfriend?"

And she added "My, my you taste good; tastes like pussy a bit."

"Oh, yes," Noel answered, "What could be better?"

"Maybe a couple of cocks?" Janet said and then they were both giggling.

Janet told Noel to turn on her side and then snuggled her naked body up to Noel's, her tits pressing against Noel's back and one of her hands on Noels tits and the other on Noel's pussy. They slept.

People were slow to get up and get going in the morning. Janet and Noel spent the rest of the night in a cuddle. It took time but everyone had coffee and eventually went their separate ways. The girls all gave Janet a hug and promised to see her in school She was just lying around the house, wearing sweats and a teeshirt. End of term was at least in sight, no papers to grade; the whole things was okay by her. The phone rang and it was Noel on the phone.

"Hey, girlfriend," Janet said with enthusiasm. Noel was out of breath.

"Janet," she said hurriedly. I heard from Robin that Julie is coming to visit you today."

"Really?" Janet said. "Really," Noel replied.

"It seems that the girls know about it and are anxious to find out what happens between the two of you."

"Geez," Janet said, "I ... I ... haven't even bathed. I guess I'd better."

"Janet," Noel said in a small voice, "Will you call me, when you get home? Please don't think I'm jealous, I'm not, really not; it's just that I want to make sure you're okay."

"Of course I'll call you," Janet said.

"You go get ready," Noel said. Janet rang off.

She discovered that she was really excited but didn't know exactly when Julie'd be there. She hurried into the shower and was just out and finishing with her hair, when she heard the door bell ring. She put a towel around her, tucking it in above her breasts and hurried to the door. She opened it a crack on the chain and saw Julie standing there.

"Julie!" she said, "Hey, come in; just wait and I'll open this door."

Julie stepped in. She was an athlete with toned thighs, and smallish tits and big responsive nipples.

"Well, look at you, Ms. Peters!" Julie said, "It looks like you're getting ready to party."

Janet kind of stammered a bit and said to her: "Not really; I was just lying around doing nothing and decided to ... uh ... take a shower."

"You don't want to begin by lying to me, now do you?" Julie said calmly.

"No, ma'am," Janet answered. "Someone called, Noel, and said you were coming over."

"So, you cleaned up then?" Julie said.

"Yes, uh, ma'am, I did."

"Well how nice," Julie answered stroking Janet's face with her hand.

Julie smiled and said "Well, you go ahead and finish your hair and then come back. We can talk to begin with."

"Uh ... thank you, Julie, ... uh ... Miss Julie."

"My how quickly you learn and without any pain yet."

Janet blanched at that and felt herself getting hot. She went off to the bathroom and finished her hair. She removed the towel and not knowing what to wear, put on a pair of running shorts and a tee shirt. When she went into the living room, Julie face clouded immediately. Janet stopped where she was.

"Did I say you could put on shorts and a tee shirt?"

"Uh ... no, ma'am," Janet said. "I just thought..."

"No, NO! You don't think; with me you listen. What did I say?"

"To go finish my hair and come back."

"What did you do?"

"I went finished my hair, dressed and came back. I'm sorry ... uh ... ohhhhh ... just tell me what you want and I'll do it; I'm sorry."

There were actually tears in Janet's eyes by now.

Julie was pleased. "Good girl," She said. "Now you go and take off the shorts and tee shirt and then you come back here."

Janet did as she was told. It was at this point in her development impossible for her to resist a strong willed person, male or female.

Janet came back into the room with her hair done and now completely naked. Julie was sitting on the couch and had drawn up in front of her a small stool that Janet had in a corner. She motioned for Janet to sit on the stool. Janet did so; it made her sit lower than Julie, so that she had to look up at Julie.

Julie began: "You simply haven no idea about how long I've waited for this night, for this occasion. All of those times in class, with the boys panting over your tits and ass, wanting to cream in you and on you. Whereas I wanted your soul in my hands and tonight, Ms. Janet fucking Peters I have it. Now first off, whenever I ask you, I want you to be absolutely honest with me about what you're feeling. Do you understand me?"

"Yes, Miss Julie, I do."

"Fine," Julie continued, "Tell me how you feel now. But first this."

Saying that she took her foot and kicked Janet's right foot farther to the right; then she did the same to her left foot. I had the effect of leaving Janet's legs really far apart and letting her pussy in plain sight.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 5 - Chapter 7 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 6
Posted: November 09, 2009 - 07:15:53 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

"Better," Julie said, "Now tell me."

"It's easy," Janet said, "This is really exciting for me."

"Why?" Julie wanted to know. "Well, I'm your teacher, you see; I have to teach you tomorrow. I find you incredibly attractive and I can't resist your forcefulness." Janet fell silent.

"Very nice," Julie said.

"So let me tell you, Janet, Miss Janet Peters, my chemistry teacher. I told you that I'd come for you; didn't I?"

"Yes, you did, Ms. Julie."

Then Janet halted and asked if she may ask a question. In the process she moved her right leg closer to her left. Julie immediately kicked the right leg back out again.

"Sorry," Janet said.

"Yes," Julie said, "Ask your question."

"What do you wish me to call you? What do you demand that I call you?"

"That depends," Julie answered with a smile, "On what is your attitude. So, let me turn the question around and asked Janet: "What do you want? How do you view me?"

"I ... I ... uh want to be your, you know, bitch!"

"How lovely," Julie said, taking time to kick the left foot out a little farther.

"Then it's Mistress Julie, unless we're in school, when you may use Miss and my last name: Miss Strong. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress Julie, I do." Janet said hurriedly. Then Janet sat silent and waiting.

"I told you that I'd come for you and here I am." Julie said, staring at Janet. "Let me tell you about one of my strongest fantasies."

Julie continued, and as she continued she let one of her sandals fall off. She lifted her leg, as she spoke and put her toe on the top of Janet's pussy mound. She continued to wiggle the toe as she spoke.

"The fantasy is to have a teacher as my very own submissive. To have a teacher be my bitch and do what I want her to do, everything I want her to do."

Janet was breathing hard from Julie's insistent toe manipulation of her pussy.

She said to Julie: "You know that I will; I mean you might not have known it but I'm telling you that I will do whatever you tell me."

Julie smiled and said: "I know it now, Janet; don't I, bitch!"

Janet was struck by the name and it made her more restless, hotter, and Julie continued to manipulate her with her toe.

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, "Now you know that I'm willing to be your bitch."

"Even if it's just for this short time," Julie said.

"Yes, ma'am." Janet replied.

Then Janet kind of shuddered and said: "Oh, Mistress Julie, your toe feels so good!"

"Hmm," Julie said, "Does it?"

"Yes, ma'am." Janet replied.

"I'm wondering, after all this pussy play, how it might taste, don't you?" Julie asked.

"Yes, ma'am," Janet replied, "If you think I should."

"I think," Julie said now smiling, "I think that it would be a great part of my fantasy if my personal bitch teacher would suck on my toe, suck on all of them. Get right down here in all her beautiful bare assed splendor and kneel here and suck on my toes."

"Oh, yes, ma'am." Janet said quickly, getting to her knees and leaning over to take first Julie's wet toes into her mouth and then one after another licking and sucking Julie's toes. Julie was obviously enjoying the toe sucking that Janet was doing.

"Are you looking up my skirt?" Julie asked. "Honesty!" she then said severely.

"Yes, Mistress Julie." "I see; do you like what you see?"

"Yes, Mistress Julie," Janet replied. "Do you hope to get your mouth on what you see up there under my skirt?"

"Yes, Mistress Julie," Janet said. As she answered, she continued to suck on Julie's toes. "Well keep being good and you might get a chance." "Thank you, Mistress." Janet replied.

Then suddenly Julie planted her foot just beneath Janet's tits and pushed her over onto her back. Janet didn't move but lay there sprawled on her back as Julie approached.

"Okay, bitch," Julie said, with a wicked grin, "Let's have a little quiz here. Teachers are good at that, aren't they?"

"Uh, yes, Mistress Julie, we are," was Janet's answer.

Julie now knelt with her knees on either side of Janet's head. Julie's crotch was almost pressing against Janet's face. "Now I'm thinking of an act that is considered by some s disgusting but not by others. You see, some people would see this one act as the ultimate form of showing your submission to a Mistress. Now, what do you think it is, teacher?"

Janet thought for a moment and finally said: "I think it's licking a person's asshole, Mistress."

"Right in one," Julie said. "And does the teacher know what it means, when a lady like yourself would lick the asshole of a student like me?"

"It would mean that I'm am declaring you to be my mistress."

"You are so bright," Julie said. "Here's what we'll do. You look so comfortable bare assed naked, why don't you just get up now and undress me, like a good slave? And, when we're both bare assed naked, then I want you to go ahead a declare with your mouth that I'm your mistress. Do you understand me?"

"Yes, Mistress Julie, I do." Janet then replied.

Julie got up then and stood waiting. Janet got up and went to the tall girl. First she carefully removed each of Julie's shoes. She stooped to kiss each of Julie's feet as she took off the sandals. Then she stood and lifted Julie's tee shirt over her head and off her arms. She planted a kiss in the middle of Julie's back as she was doing this.

"Lovely!" Julie said.

"Thank you, Mistress Julie," Janet said.

"My own slut teacher slave; right, Miss Peters?"

"Right, Mistress Julie, Miss Peters, your chemistry teacher is truly your own slut teacher slave."

Then Janet knelt again and pulled off Julie's skirt. As Janet removed it slowly down Julie's legs, she trailed kisses along with the action of taking the skirt off. With her skirt off now Julie stood wearing only a black see through thong. Janet leaned in close to her and using her teeth began to pull the panties down Julie's long legs. She got the back out from between the cheeks of Julie's ass and then scooted around to the front and gripped the front waist band with her teeth.

"You are so clever, my slut slave!"

"Thank you, Mistress Julie," Janet said and continued to drag the panties off of her using only her teeth. Finally, Julie stood tall and regal in her nakedness.

She turned to Janet and said: "What do you want to do now, bitch?"

Janet looked at her earnestly: "This bitch, though she is your teacher, wants to show you that she belongs to you by leaning you over, separating your ass cheeks with her hands and using her tongue, lips and spit giving your asshole a bath. If you will let this bitch serve you in so intimate a way."

"You understand that then for the rest of the evening and beyond you're all mine?"

"Yes, Mistress Julie, I do; this bitch does."

"Fine," said Julie.

Janet then went to Julie and guided her gently into a leaning position, comfortably over the couch arm. Janet scooted around and got behind Julie and using her hands pried the tall girl's ass cheeks apart.

"Eyes open, slave," Julie demanded.

"Eyes open, darling Mistress Julie," Janet said.

So saying, Janet reached out with her tongue and licked up and down each side of Julie's ass cheeks. She then planted a row of kisses on each ass cheek. She continued by licking all the way up and down the inside of the right ass cheek, all the way to the asshole and then she planted a row of wet kisses on the same inside of Julie's right ass hole.

She did the very same with the left ass cheek, making love to the lovely, tall girl's ass cheeks and inner ass cheeks. Then with her nose poking and her tongue out, Janet arrived at Julie's ass hole. She licked over the surface of Julie's puckered ass hole. She licked around it in a circle. She licked up and across it. Then, prying the ass cheeks open a bit further, Janet actually was able to plant a kiss on Julie's asshole.

Julie sighed with the wonderful treatment that she was getting. Janet finally pushed right in and began to wiggle her tongue around and around and managed to finally insert her tongue past the ring of Julie's sphincter and into Julie's ass hole. Janet reamed it and pulled out, only to apply her tongue once more and this time went further into Julie's ass hole, getting her tongue half way into it. Julie was shaking now. Janet then settled into a rhythm of pushing her tongue into Julie's asshole and back out again. Each time she tried to insert her tongue further.

Finally, Julie spun around, still shaking; she said: "Wonderful! You magnificent bitch. Go quickly and rinse your mouth and wash your face. We don't want to spread germs. Go quickly and then come eat me and finish what you've started." After a second's thought, Julie added: "Crawl!"

Janet did as she was bid. She crawled to the bathroom and washed and rinsed and then crawled back to her waiting Mistress. Julie was seated with her ass off the couch a little and spread her legs wide making room for Janet's face. Janet pushed her face into Julie's pussy and began the very same assault that she'd just done on Julie's asshole. It was a wonderful success also. Julie came breathing heavy and hold Janet's face in place between her legs.

When they were finished, Julie got up and dressed. Janet still knelt naked waiting to be told what to do.

"Go get a pair of heels, high heels and come back."

Janet came back wearing a pair of black 4" heels.

"Is that the tallest you have?" Julie wanted to know.

"No but these are the comfortable ones."

Julie glared at her and it was enough to send Janet scuttling away. She came back with the six inch heels on now. Julie reached into her bag and gave Janet a pair of pink bikini panties to wear, transparent. Janet slipped them on. Then there was a pair of running shorts, the kind with legs cut high and flaps. It was apparent that Janet was wearing pink panties. They showed every time she moved.

Then Julie produced a tee shirt. It had writing on it. The tee shirt said: "I am Julie's Chem Teacher but I'm also her bitch. I licked her asshole today. I'm Janet."

Janet paled a little and then giggled. Julie said that the tee shirt was for later. She produced another plain tee shirt that Janet put on.

She noticed now that there were holes letting her nipples poke out. Now Julie produced a chain on one end of the chain were two strands each ending in a kind of alligator clip. Julie attached these to Janet's nipples. Janet's groans were loud enough to be heard a good distance away.

Then the chain ran down to a loop around Janet's waist and one more strand disappeared into her running shorts and panties. This Julie clipped onto Janet's right pussy lip.

Janet expelled her breath with a grunt as each was attached. Then one strand went from the waist loop to a kind of cuff. This Julie put on her own wrist. She finished Janet off with a dog collar with the words My Bitch written on it.

Finally, Julie took out a tube of red lipstick and wrote on Julie's face: "I'm Janet, Julie's Bitch."

"Wonderful," Julie said, as she looked Janet over.

"Are you ready to go out and meet some friends of mine, Miss Peters?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, wincing as Julie pulled on her chains.

To say that Janet was a hit at the gathering, in this special private club, one of a few that Julie belonged to where she found it possible to meet other young gay women, would be to underestimate by a great deal.

Julie said that she was sorry that her friend Gwen wasn't there tonight but they'd meet in the future. She was led around by Julie. Everyone loved, absolutely loved the sign on Janet's face. She had her nipples caressed, her ass squeezed, her pussy felt.

Everyone was envious of Julie and her new found bitch. Julie loaned Janet out also for dances. These were always torrid affairs with a great deal of pawing. But it was attention and pawing that Janet was truly enjoying. She had even gotten used to the pain often caused by her dancing partner pulling on her chained nipples and pussy lips.

At one point in the evening, while they were resting from the dance, a friend of Julie's came to ask if she could dance with Janet. Julie said 'yes' but then smiled and said: "But don't you think that she's over dressed just a bit?"

The friend replied that Janet was definitely overdressed. Julie then took off Janet's running shorts and for the rest of the evening Janet danced and was led around by Julie wearing only her heels pink panties and tee shirt.

At another time Janet, quite embarrassed, told Julie that she had to use the ladies' room. Julie got a huge grin on her face.

She said to Janet: "Just raise your hand."

Janet, confused, raised her hand and looked around. Two rather large girls, not exactly fat but truly large, came across the room. They asked Julie if she minded if they were to take her bitch to the toilet.

Julie said: "Help yourselves, girls." One of them took the cuff with Janet's chains attached and the two of them led her away, with Julie following.

Julie took the opportunity to get close to Janet and slap her panty covered ass. Janet jumped at that but the two 'guards' made her stop so that Julie could lay a few more well placed slaps on Janet's almost naked ass.

Then the procession to the bathroom continued. Janet was looking apprehensively at Julie but Julie just smiled. The little procession entered the bathroom and Janet just stared. To the left was a platform running back into the room with the bathroom stalls. But straight ahead was a series of four urinals, much like men's urinals. They were much deeper and the water could only be let out by a foot pump next to the urinal. There were bars for a person to hold onto to keep from sitting down in the urine but a person simply had to be helped into and out of the position.

Janet was also taken aback by the fact that a woman, looking somewhat older than she, was actually sitting in a puddle of water and piss.

And it jolted Janet to realize that she knew the woman. It was Maggie Seitz; she was a member of Janet's former husband's church.

Janet looked at Maggie and they both recognized each other. Maggie only shook her head slightly in a 'no' gesture and so Janet said nothing.

The one bathroom attendant then took the cuff off and the other said to Janet: "Okay, girlie, let's have those panties off."

Janet glanced at Julie, who seemed to be enjoying the spectacle. But to her credit Janet didn't hesitate. She took off her panties and handed them to the attendant, who took time to actually sniff them, and proclaim the smell heavenly.

Janet blushed. Julie laughed.

Then the door opened and a pretty young girl went over to Maggie Seitz and said to her: "Have you learned your lesson, you old bitch, using the toilets for the Mistresses?"

Maggie, in a very dossal voice said: "Yes, Mistress."

At that point the attendants had lowered Janet into the urinal, where she hung and held on, while peeing.

They went to Maggie and hauled her out of the puddle then released the water with the foot pump. She was taken over to a stall on the right side and a hose of cold water was used on her. They told her to strip from her wet clothes and gave her a tee shirt to wear, one that only went to a little below her waist.

Janet noticed that Maggie had a nice ass and a shaved pussy. (She wondered what Lee, Maggie's husband thought.) Janet was finally finished and waited until Julie told the attendants to pull her up from her position.

They did so, and Julie told Janet to reward them. Janet just looked at them, hoping for some sign of what they wanted.

One of them told Janet to bend over. When Janet did so, the attendant gave her five sharp slaps to the ass. Janet knew enough to say 'thank you.' The other attendant was the one with Janet's panties. She said to Janet: "Give me a taste. Use your fingers and give me a taste."

Janet realized that she was supposed to dip her fingers into the lovely well of her pussy for the attendant. She did, finding herself already remarkably wet and held up the fingers, which the attendant licked clean.

Again, Janet knew enough to say 'thank you.' Janet looked then at her pink panties, which the attendant still held in her hand.

The attendant smiled and said to Janet: "Your panties for a kiss."

Janet looked at Julie who nodded 'yes'. Janet moved to the other woman and kissed her. The lips that she met opened, and invited Janet's tongue inside. Janet reacted as the other woman, the attendant, began sucking her tongue with fervor and stroking Janet's ass with her other hand.

The second attendant crowded them and pulled Janet's ass cheeks apart to insert a finger into Janet's asshole. Then they broke suddenly and thanked Julie for letting them help.

Julie led Janet from the bathroom, saying as she went: "We take turns being attendants. It's fun."

"How long have you belonged?" Janet asked.

"Oh a few years."

But as the two of the went across the room, they heard a voice from the platform at the end of the room saying: "There they are now. Julie, love, come up here and tell us about this gorgeous companion that you have chained to you."

Julie grinned. Janet looked sheepish. They walked through the crowd and hands from all sides touched and stroked Janet ass she passed.

Janet noticed that she would also pass Maggie, whose hand came out, so that Janet could see it and stroked Janet's ass.

"Careful, slut!" Maggie's 'handler' said to her and the hand went away.

Then they were on the platform. Julie was smiling; she was obviously popular. That really pleased Janet, who also had a shy smile on her face.

Julie motioned to silence the hooting crowd and said to them with obvious pride: "I'm pleased to present to all of my friends: this is Janet, my bitch!"

The hooting started again. Janet shyly smiled and waved a little to the crowd. Julie pulled Janet to her and said quietly but fiercely: "Kiss me! Show them!"

Janet lifted her arms around Julie's neck and kissed her long and hard with an open mouth and an exploring tongue. It brought more hoots and whistles to the crowd.

When the kiss was broken, Julie said to the crowd: "Please let her greet you."

Turning to Janet she told Janet to go off the platform and kneel. To be sure to kiss ever hand that was offered to her. The doms then came forward to greet Janet and Janet did as she was told. She kissed the hands offered and in return had her face stroked, her hair stroked, and a few times, her nipples pulled slightly.

When the doms had greeted her, someone asked if the bitches might. Julie said 'yes' and now the bitches greeted her too. But these were kisses on the cheek for the most part. When it was Maggie Seitz' turn she stood in front of Janet, who looked up at her. Maggie raised her tee shirt and pulled Janet's face into her pussy. Immediately the young woman who brought Maggie moved in and slapped her face. She made Maggie apologize on her knees to Janet and then grovel before Julie.

Then Julie motioned to Janet, and Janet joined her on the raised stage again. Julie put the cuff for Janet's chains on her wrist again and pulled it. It brought a reaction from Janet, whose nipples and pussy lips were pulled by it. The crowd cheered.

"Okay let me tell you friends," Julie began with a smile. "You've known me since I've begun coming to this cursed place."

There were boos and hisses then, and smiling faces.

"Indeed," Julie said, "You've known me, since I was innocent."

Hoots now and people saying: "You've never been innocent, girl."

Julie was grinning and Janet was smiling too. "But let me tell you,"she continued, "Janet is my own wet dream come true."

There was clapping then, and many shouts of 'prove it' and the like. Julie reached over and removed the clips from Janet's nipples. The immediate pain staggered Janet, and Julie held her to keep her from falling. Next Julie reached inside of Janet's shorts, which she had put back on in the bathroom, and panties and released the clip from her pussy lips. Janet had a similar reaction.

The crowd loved it. There were comments about Janet needing training and needing to wear the clips more often. Julie then removed the chain from around Janet's waist and put the whole chain apparatus into a bag she'd brought.

She turned to Janet and said: "Okay, bitch, show them; strip."

"Yes, Mistress Julie," Janet said, and began by lifting her tee shirt over her head. Her tits came into view, large, well firmed and with large, extended nipples. The crowd was pretty silent now, obviously impressed.

Then Janet, watching Julie all the time, hooked her thumbs into the waist band of her shorts and swept them down. Now there were some wolf whistles among the crowd and comments about Janet being built like a 'brick shit house.' The crowd approved. Finally Janet pulled her panties down and off, keeping her heels on. Julie held out her hand and Janet placed the panties into her waiting hand. Julie put them up to her face and grinned. The crowd roared.

"See what I mean?" she said to general approval.

Then she continued: "But there is one other detail that makes Janet my wet dream come true."

She turned to Janet and said to her: "Tell them, sweet one, what you and I will be doing tomorrow at 2 PM."

Someone shouted out: "Eating each other," and there was general laughter.

But Julie held up her hand and they were quiet again. She then encouraged Janet saying: "Tell them."

They were listening. Janet said: "I will be teaching a class in chemistry for college bound seniors at the high school."

The crowd was silent now with anticipation.

Janet, encouraged, continued: "Julie will be a member of that class."

The place went up for grabs! There was cheering, and hooting and shouts of approval of all types. Janet frankly didn't know how to react.

Julie noticed this and held her arms out. Janet nestled into Julie's arms, laying her head on Julie's shoulder and whispered: "Thank you, Mistress Julie."

Julie then held up her hand, and they were quiet.

"Since you're such a good audience," she said broadly, "I then want to tell you the third reason why my chemistry teacher, Janet Peters, a.k.a. Janet Bitch Peters, is my wet dream bitch."

Now they were silent again. The whole story was delighting them.

Julie grinned and said: "She licks asshole like nobody's business!"

That did it. There was pandaemonium in the hall. Gradually it subsided to a chant that was gaining ground as people called out: "Show us, show us, show us, show us."

The woman, who had introduced Julie and Janet to begin with stepped up and held her hand up. They were quiet.

She said to Julie: "I'm sorry, love, but they don't seem to willing to believe this story that you're chemistry teacher is such a good asshole licker."

Janet was still leaning against Julie.

She whispered: "Forgive me for speaking out, Mistress, but I will do anything you tell me to do, absolutely anything."

Julie looked down on Janet and said to her: "I will punish you for that later; you'll be spanked. But thank you for saying it. Now I want you to do it exactly like you did before. Do you understand?"

Janet shook her head 'yes' As Janet went to her knees, the crowd hooted again knowing that they were about to have a demonstration. Julie held out her hand to Janet then and handed her something. It was a tube of red lipstick.

She said to Janet, with the crowd all ears, "I want lipstick all over my ass, my cheeks, my crack and my asshole."

"Yes, Mistress Julie," Janet said, applying the lipstick.

Janet knew that this was the kind of relationship that she could get lost in. She loved it; she loved being told what to do; she loved being taken care of; she loved the sense of authority that Julie used and the great, great care that Julie showed. Janet could feel the wet increasing on her pussy lips and the inside of her thighs.

The first thing that Janet did, in this act of self debasement, which she was positively loving, was to remove Julie's shoes, one at a time.

When she had Julie's shoes off and her short ankle socks, Janet proceeded to lick each of her toes. She licked between the toes, cleaning and licking. She sucked on each of the toes separately. She licked the bottom of Julie's feet. There was some clapping from the crowd.

Then there was anticipation as Janet reached up and pulled on the waist band of Julie's skirt. The skirt came down in Janet's hands. She deftly lifted Julie's legs to get the skirt off without letting it hit the floor. When that was done, and Julie was left there wearing her transparent black thong, Janet cozied up to Julie and Julie knew what Janet was about to do.

She smiled at the group. Janet began the painstaking task of pulling Julie's thong off using only her teeth. She kept her hands behind her back as she did it. Slowly, slowly, with appropriate calls of appreciation and encouragement from the audience, Janet got the panties down past Julie's ass cheeks. She let them rest their and planted a huge red lipped kiss on each of Julie's ass cheek, to the delight of the crowd.

Then she went back to work and slowly got the panties off of each foot. She had carefully folded and put Julie's skirt, shoes and socks on a chair nearby.

Now Janet held the panties in her mouth and crawled to the chair, amid hoots and cat calls and people shouting that 'this was one bitch that knew how to act.' She deposited them on the chair and made sure they were folded nicely. Then Janet crawled back to Julie and knelt by her. She knew instinctively what Julie wanted.

She rested on her heels and said very clearly: "Please, Mistress Julie, may I lick your asshole now? Will you please let me? I promise to be good and do anything you tell me to do. Tomorrow in Chem class I will do what you tell me. Please, Mistress, anything; just let me do this."

Julie signified her willingness by handing the lipstick to Janet again. Janet put it on and leaned forward to begin kissing her way up the right ass cheek. Then down it again. Then she licked her way up the right ass cheek and then down again. The crowd had parted and gathered around to get a better view. Janet used her hands then to part Julie's ass cheeks. She made the same journey with her kisses; then she applied more lipstick. They all cheered. She kissed up the rim of one ass cheek and then down it again. Then she did the same to the other ass cheek rim. A hand from the side handed her a glass of water. She drank and then applied more lipstick. Now she licked the rim of one ass cheek and then the rim of the other.

Next her kisses were used again going up the inside of one ass cheek and then down again. She repeated the kisses to the other ass cheek's inside wall. Now she added a new feature, that she hadn't employed at her place. She began a long, long, slow licking movement of her tongue up the entire length of Julie's ass crack.

Julie was now moaning and going over and over: 'Oh, Oh, Oh."

Janet licked the very deep valley of Julie's ass for a good five minutes. Comments were subdued and people were getting hotter and hotter. Janet could feel the wetness of her own pussy.

Julie rasped out: "Get her a cloth and mouth rinse to clean before she finishes off with my pussy."

Someone did as she wanted. But first, with the crowd cheering her on, Janet began to plug her tongue at first against and then actually inside of Julie's asshole. She pushed and pushed a bit and then slid it out. She kept this and alternated with licking up the entire ass crack. She assaulted the asshole again and made it almost half way inside Julie's asshole with her insistent tongue.

Janet used her hands to spread the ass cheeks a little further; not quite far enough to hurt. And she began to actually kiss Julie's asshole with her bright red lips. She kissed it from different angles and used her tongue to put inside Julie's ass each time.

"Now, Bitch, now," Julie howled. Janet rinsed her mouth and cleaned it with a cloth and scooted around so that she was now in front of Julie and applying her mouth to Julie's pussy. Julie came in a crashing, shouting display.

She yelled: "Yes, bitch, Yes, my Janet, Yes, love, Yes, Ms. Peters!"

And the crowd cheered and yelled, as Janet shuddered into her own orgasm from her work on Julie. Janet simply clung to Julie's legs, buried her face in Julie's strong left thigh and shook.

The entire 'show' or 'performance' was huge for Janet. She loved it. And at that moment she worshipped Julie. It was so powerful that she simply held on to Julie's thighs and cried. Strong hands pulled her up. Julie cuddled Janet into her shoulder, as Janet clung to her. And they were surrounded by others coming to hug, caress, and stroke. Janet felt the hands all over her body and still she cried.

The group backed off a bit and Janet sunk again to her knees. She took Julie's hands and kissed her hands. Her tears flowed down on Julie's hands. Julie beamed to everyone and said: "What did I tell you? A pure and sweet wet dream, my Janet."

Then Julie smiled and said: "But hey, folks, tomorrow is a school day and I have to do my chemistry homework yet."

They howled again, and clapped as Janet dressed Julie and then donned her own skimpy clothing. But now Julie pulled the tee shirt out of the bag. It said: "I am Julie's Chem Teacher but I'm also her bitch. I licked her asshole today. I'm Janet."

She put it on to a tumultuous ovation.

Julie told her then that it was time to go home.

"I still have one surprise for you," she told Janet.

"Yes, my darling Mistress," Janet said quietly.

"Did you have any other plans tonight?" Julie enquired. "Only my promise to call Noel."

Julie smiled: "Of course, I have heard from the grape vine that you and she are starting a romance. I have also heard that she is pretty submissive to Robin. How does she react to you?"

"She, uh, does what I tell her to pretty much," Janet replied.

Julie smiled at that. "Good, call her on the phone and tell her to meet us at your house; we'll include her in our party."

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said, and made the phone call.

They walked out of the club then. Janet had her arm around Julie's waist, and Julie had her hand inside of Janet's running shorts, resting on her panty covered ass. Janet's head was leaning on Julie's shoulder.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 7 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 6|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 7
Posted: November 10, 2009 - 08:29:16 am

When they got to Janet's, Noel was waiting for them. Janet kissed her and stood back as Noel embraced Julie and lifted her mouth for a kiss from her also. They went inside.

As soon as they were inside, Julie said to Janet: "I want the two of you naked. I want you to tell Noel to do that."

Janet responded immediately: "Yes, Mistress."

Then, turning to Noel she said: "Girlfriend, I want you to listen to Mistress Julie as though she were me telling you to do things."

Noel blushed but said: "Of course, Janet."

The two older ladies quickly shed their clothes, as Julie had said.

"Lovely," Julie said, "Now, Janet, put on some music; I mean slow music to dance to."

Janet did as Julie told her and then Julie smiled and said: "I want to see the two of you dance now."

Janet had put on some Sinatra and the two of them swayed into the dance. They were belly to belly, and their tits were pressing into each other. A very erotic sight. Julie apparently thought so also. She put her hand down inside of her running pants and panties to play with herself as she watched the two naked women dance. The dance was finished and the two of them stayed where they were to kiss. The kiss was long and wet; they spent their passion in it.

Julie interrupted them saying: "We need to move to the bedroom and I want to watch you two make love, before the two of you make love to me. But first there was one small infraction tonight that I really can't pass over, Janet."

Janet looked at her with a stricken face but said: "Of course not, Mistress."

"Good, girl," Julie said and continued: "Now go get me something to spank you with."

Janet went away and came back with a wooden paddle; it was a kind of ping pong paddle. "Now here over my lap," Julie instructed her.

It was Noel who interrupted her: "Please, please don't! I'll let you do anything to me you want but please don't hurt her."

"Anything?" Julie asked.

"Anything at all," Noel said, tears coming down her face.

"What do you say, Janet?"

Janet turned to Noel and said: "Girl friend, I really spoke out of turn and deserve this. Please come sit here and hold my hand. Then it'll be okay. I deserve it and she's just being fair."

Noel came to her and did as she asked. Janet ended with her head in Noel's lap. Julie spanked her hard with hard, loud blows. She didn't do it long, and when she was finished, she gathered the sobbing Janet into her own arms to comfort her.

Janet reached over and whispered into Julie's ear but loud enough that Noel could hear it also: "Darling Mistress, I really, really liked that." I

t made Noel smile. Julie laughed and said to Janet, still nestled in her arms: "I thought so."

Then Julie reached around and pulled her tee shirt off. She reached to release the clasp of her bra and her medium sized tits swung free. Janet was close; so was Noel. Janet reached first and gathered one of Julie's nipples in her mouth. Noel moved to do the same. The two naked women feasted on Julie's nipples. Julie had her head back resting on the back of the couch, her eyes closed in ecstasy.

Finally, Julie said to them: "Up, up you two sirens and to bed."

The two naked women walked before her to the bedroom. They held hands and giggled.

"Nice asses," Julie said, patting each of them on the naked ass.

Janet began to swing her ass cheeks as she walked in an exaggerated fashion. Noel did the same. It brought a wicked chuckle from Julie. As they walked and reached the bedroom, Julie had a hand on the ass of each of them. They got to the bedroom and Julie told Noel to go fetch her bag.

Turning to Janet she said: "My pants and panties."

Janet knelt to undress her Mistress the rest of the way. Then Noel returned with the bag. Julie reached into the bag and to the wonder and delight of each of the other naked women, pulled a kind of panty looking harness out of the bag. It turned out to be a dildo holder. She reached into the bag again and retrieved a lovely looking ivory colored prick, about 7 or 8 inches long.

Both Janet and Noel were agog at it. Julie just smiled. She pushed Noel to the floor to kneel where Janet was and said to them: "Now get each other ready. I want to see your heads at each other's pussies."

The two women then nestled down in a '69' position and began to lap at each other's cunts. Then Julie moved over to them and positioned herself behind Janet, sliding the dildo into Janet's wet pussy. Both Julie and Janet were sighing from the penetration.

Janet buried her head in Noel's pussy but Noel then scooted down so that she could hold Janet and kiss her, while Julie was fucking her with the dildo. The scene continued with more and more heat until the three of them simply collapsed. It was Julie who stirred first.

"Hey, guys," She said to the two ladies. "I've got to go; I have school tomorrow and my chem teacher is a bitch!"

They all giggled at that. Julie got dressed and at the door she held Janet and kissed her.

She looked earnestly at Janet and said to her: "Hey, teach, even if we can't continue this; you've given me the greatest day of my life. We're in the midst here of my fantasies. I can't thank you enough."

"Can I please ask a favor?" Janet said quietly.

"Sure, love," Julie said. "Can I have your panties?"

Julie laughed: "Only if you promise to wear them to school tomorrow."

Janet blushed but laughed and agreed. Julie took her running pants off and stripped off her panties. She took a pen and signed the label in the back of them at the waist band. Before she left, she gathered Noel, who had been watching all this, into her arms.

She said: "Noel, you're are beyond lovely; I want you to watch and learn from all this so that you can take proper care of her, the way she takes care of me."

"I promise," Noel said. Noel and Janet snuggled in a heap, naked in bed that night.

Janet came into the home room the next day. She had some folders with her to distribute.

"Hi, everyone," she said.

"Morning, Ms. Peters," they all said. Janet noticed that even Julie said it. This made her blush.

"I have your chem papers here and some of you will be asked to make a few corrections and such. It's nothing too great and can be done during your free period today. I'm going to distribute them and talk to each of your individually. The rest will please busy themselves."

They all set to work. Janet wandered around the room, and, one after another went to those who had to make corrections. She came last to Julie, who was in the back corner of the room. Janet bent over to talk to Julie.

Her first whispered words were: "While I'm talking to you, would you please, put your hand on me. Anywhere at all?"

"Yes, pet," Julie said with a smile.

Then Janet continued: "These are the things that I wanted you to notice."

She opened the report folder and on top was a photo of Janet dressed only in Julie's panties. The date showed that it was taken that morning.

"Yes, I see," Julie said.

Janet then leafed to the next photo it was one of her with the panties on and written on her stomach in red were the words: "Janet Peters is Julie's Bitch!"

Julie smiled and said: "Yes, Ms. Peters, I can do that."

As she said this she reached up under Janet's skirt and pinched her ass. Janet tried not to jump, and barely succeeded. The last photo was a photo of Janet in Julie's panties and the tee shirt from last night that proclaimed her as Julie's bitch and the one who had licked Julie's ass.

"Can you do that?" Janet wanted to know.

Now Julie's finger was rummaging past Janet's panties and into her pussy. Janet sunk down on the invading finger before walking to the front of the class again. Looking back she saw Julie putting her finger into her mouth.

The day was somewhat long. Chemistry and homeroom again were the final things. When the students had gone, Janet went into her conference room, off of the chemistry lab-classroom. There sitting in a semi circle and waiting for her were the group of girls who had been at the party at her house and had made the panty raid on her and Noel.

"Ladies," Janet said, only a little surprised. "What can I do for you?"

Robin spoke up for them. "Well, Ms. Peters, we've become such friends with you, and like you so much that we wanted to tell you of a rumor. It is a rumor confined to only us, 'the group' but we think you should know about it."

"A rumor?" Janet said, trying to stay calm.

"Don't get us wrong," Robin continued, "No one would ever discover anything about this from us. We take care of one another. But the rumor is that there is something going on between you and Julie."

"Me and Julie?" Janet asked with a blush.

"Yes," Robin continued, "You and Julie."

"Jules is being silent," One of the other girls said, "But we want you to talk."

"Well any such matter, true or not would be personal, you see." Janet said, hoping they'd respect that. Of course she was wrong.

"Personal?" Robin said: "Hey, girl, remember me? I took you out of that gang bang that Savage and his mates pulled off. I'm not saying that you didn't enjoy it; I'm only saying that 'it's personal' doesn't buy you off with us. Do you remember that we had a party at your house and raided your bedroom finding you and my mom in bed naked, and then forced you to have sex with us. I know too that forced doesn't really get at that situation. My point, Ms. P, Janet, is that we're buds now and we want to know what's happening."

Janet blushed. She said slowly:"I know everything that you're talking about. Some of you have been in on my, oh let me call it my odyssey of late. But the information that you're asking for is not mine to share?"

"Why?" another of the group asked.

"Because it's not," Julie said.

Looking at Janet she said: "It's okay, Janet, come here."

Janet seemed to exude relief, once Julie started speaking. To the surprise of all of them, she went to where Julie was seated and, kneeling in front of her, kissed her hand. There was a communal gasp at that.

"Jules," one of the girls said, "come clean." Julie smiled. Janet sat on the floor at her knees.

Julie said to the group: "She couldn't tell you because the information is not hers, it's mine. Let me show you." Then she turned to Janet and said: "Stand up."

Janet stood. Julie continued. "Take off your sweater."

Janet complied without a word of protest. She took off her sweater, a dark one, and stood there in her skirt with last night's tee shirt showing. Now there was another community gasp.

Julie said again: "Now the tee shirt."

Janet removed the tee shirt and the sign written on her stomach came into view. It was written in red: 'Janet Peters is Julie's Bitch.'

The girls were all talking at once now.

Robin said: "Hey, that's my mom's writing." Janet smiled at that.

"Okay," Julie continued, "now the skirt off."

Janet removed her skirt and stood in front of them all wearing the black, see through thong panties.

Julie said, "Andy, look at the tag in the back of the panties."

The girl moved to Janet and pulled out the waist band of the panties in the back. "Hey," she said, "These are yours, Jules."

"Yes," Julie said, "they're from last night."

Janet proudly added: "She told me to wear them."

Julie stared at her and said: "Don't interrupt." Janet's face fell immediately.

"Hey," Robin broke in, "What just happened? What did we miss?"

Julie spoke calmly: "She talked out of turn, she interrupted me."

"So?" Robin said.

"Tell them," Julie said to Janet.

Janet said calmly with a little tremor in her voice: "I acted badly, so she needs to discipline me."

"Discipline?" Andy said.

They were all paying strict attention now.

"Go ahead," Julie said, "Don't make it worse."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, "So, she will spank me for that."

The girls were agog at that.

Robin was smiling: "Jules," she begged, "You've just got to let us see you do that. You've just got to."

"Hmm," Julie began thinking just a bit, "Why not? You might enjoy it; hell, even Janet really enjoys the pain down deep, don't you, pet?"

"Yes, ma'am," she said but there were tears now in Janet's eyes.

"Good enough," Julie concluded, "Tonight, 8 PM at Janet's; it's time for us to get together anyway. The main even will be Janet's spanking, and more."

The girls were all enthusiastic about it. They left then. Julie stayed a minute. Janet was still dressed only in panties.

"Are you okay?" Julie asked.

"Wonderful," Janet said completely serious. T

hen Janet lowered her eyes, and said to Julie: "Before you go, may I please?"

"What do you want to kiss," Julie wanted to know, "Pussy or ass?"

Janet, eyes still averted, said: "This bitch deserves only what you are willing to let her do."

Julie smiled and stroked Janet's cheek. Then she turned and lowered her running pants and panties. Janet responded immediately with a kiss to Julie's naked ass. She put her hands around Julie's waist and laid her cheek on Julie's ass and simply sighed.

"You've made me so happy, Mistress Julie, I'm so sorry that I disappoint you at times," she whispered and began softly to cry.

Julie gathered her into her arms at that point.

After a few minutes, Julie said to Janet: "Now I want you to get Noel and go shopping; go to the big sport emporium at the mall. Get a few running outfits, some utilitarian and some stretch lycra and really sexy. Make the sexy ones pants that show your ass off and plainly show your panties through the lycra. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said brightening up.

"They're for our morning runs. We begin tomorrow morning."

"Fine, Mistress," Janet said. "I'll be there early tonight,"

Julie concluded, kissing Janet on the lips. Janet melted into Julie's kiss. Julie reached around and held Janet's ass cheeks. She took one of Janet's hands and put it on her own ass cheeks as they continued the kiss. Julie walked out. Then something occurred to Janet. She ran to the door and opening it found Robin and Julie walking out together.

"Excuse me, please, Mistress Julie," she said.

Julie turned and said: "Yes?"

"Excuse me," Janet went on "but what shall I wear tonight?"

Robin leaned to Julie and whispered to her. Julie smiled and said: "Nothing, nothing at all."

"Oh, yes, Mistress," Janet said.

Then Julie added: "Only more body art." "Yes, Mistress," Janet said.

She went back in dressed and called Noel. She made arrangements to pick up Noel and shop for the running clothes. Before she left the school her cell phone rang. She answered and it was Julie.

"Hey, pet," Julie said, "When I left with Robin, something was wrong. Tell me." Janet, not knowing why she was so emotional, simply cried.

"I'm so sorry, Mistress," she said. "I just felt that you and Robin were laughing at me. I'm sorry to even mention it. I'm silly."

"No, you're not silly," Julie said quietly, "Especially to tell me what's bothering you. We were laughing in anticipation, yes, but not at you, no, never that, my precious one."

"I love hearing you say that," Janet said, "You make me feel so wanted, so special. I never want to trouble you."

"You're not a trouble," Julie assured her. Then Julie said: "I have practice now."

Janet gulped and said: "I love you, Mistress."

"It makes my whole world for you to say that," Julie said.

Then Janet smiled, brightened and said: "Tonight I'll wait for you, me and my birthday suit."

Julie laughed: "I am looking forward to that. Don't worry, pet, the spanking won't be bad."

Janet put in: "I'm looking forward to that too."

"Then we'll both enjoy it," Julie concluded.

Janet picked up Noel and they went shopping for exercise clothes. Noel decided on a lycra suit that had pale blue stretch pants. Janet's were a slick white color with a jacket that had aqua and white in it.

Janet tried them on and it was obvious that she was wearing the black thong panties. The salesman helping them simply stuttered, when Janet come out of the booth to see what Noel and the salesman thought.

When they left, Noel quipped: "I bet he is jerking off right now thinking of it."

Janet laughed with her saying: "I'm sorry I can't watch that."

Noel added: "And maybe help out."

Janet said: "Oh, yes."

When they got back to Janet's, Noel helped Janet to decorate herself with more 'body art' as Julie called it.

With washable paint there was a sign on Janet's forehead: "I'm Janet," then it went to her cheeks and said: "A.K.A. Julie's Bitch."

The word 'bitch' was on her chin.

Then on Janet's tits: "Julie's tits," above her pussy: "Julie's pussy," above her ass crack: "Julie's ass." On her stomach was the inscription: "I'm Julie's chem teacher but also her bitch. I lick her asshole."

They both giggled, when it was done. Noel kissed Janet and asked her to call, when the festivities were over. Janet promised that she would.

It was shortly after 7 PM, when the doorbell rang that evening at Janet's. She had all the curtains closed in her small place. She went to the door with expectations. She was totally naked, except for the 'body art.'

She found Julie waiting on the doorstep. She was wearing a tee shirt and a short pleated skirt with sandals and high socks.

"Oh, lovely," were Janet's only words.

Julie stepped in and said, with a smile, "You say 'Oh lovely' to me, when you open the door looking like a wet dream come true. You are way beyond gorgeous."

Janet blushed. Julie came back quickly with: "And you blush!"

Janet sunk to the floor in front of Julie, and said: "May I please greet you, Mistress?"

Julie was smiling, and said: "Please do."

Janet began to kiss from Julie's knees up. As she kissed her way up, Julie said: "Do the front this time, sweet one."

Janet lifted Julie's skirt and slowly slid her panties down her long, athletic legs. With the panties off, Janet was able to bury her face in Julie's pubic hair and use her tongue to invade Julie's pussy. She licked up and down Julie's slit and ended with her tongue inserted inside Julie's vagina. Sliding it in and out brought Julie to an orgasm, as she clutched Janet's hair.

Janet was gripping Julie's ass cheeks, while she licked her. Janet looked up at Julie, when her shuddering stopped and said: "Should I go and clean my face?"

Julie said: "No let the wetness dry; let them know where your clever tongue has been tonight." Janet smiled at the thought.

The girls came a little before 8 PM. They were all properly agog at being greeted at the door by their Chemistry teacher stark naked.

"Wow!" was the general sentiment among them.

Robin remarked to Janet that the writing on her body was her mom's writing again. "You too are thick as thieves," she said.

Janet only smiled. They all settled in and Janet made sure that they all had refreshments.

Finally, Julie looked at Janet and said: "Okay."

Janet smiled at her and nodded. She went to her closet and came back with a kind of ping pong paddle.

Julie nodded to Janet again, and Janet spoke: "Today I showed my bad manners by interrupting my Mistress, as she spoke. I have certainly given you all a bad impression of my Mistress and her control over me. I apologize to you all for displaying such wayward behavior."

They were all mumbling now.

"In addition, I apologize humbly to my Mistress for such distasteful and distressful behavior. I do not wish to reflect badly upon her, for she is kindness itself."

She was kneeling at Julie's feet during this last small speech. "I'm pleased to offer my Mistress this paddle and to have her spank me for my horrible manners, and I promise that I will learn from her and try to do much better in the future."

The girls were now all atwitter about Janet's speech. Julie took the paddle and smiled at Janet. Julie sat in a large chair, leaning kind of forward, and Janet came and placed herself over Julie's lap.

Someone said: "Far out!" Someone else said: "Can you fucking believe this; our chem teacher about to get her naked ass spanked by Jules."

The 'smack' of the first blow resounded throughout the room. Janet just groaned at it.

Julie then said: "Wait, stand," and Janet clambered to her feet.

There were new giggles now as Julie reached under her skirt and pulled her panties down, ordering Janet to open her mouth. Julie inserted the panties into her teacher's mouth. Julie sat, Janet sprawled over her lap again, and the paddling continued. Janet's ass became red and Julie stopped just as she was aware that Janet was going to cry.

"Okay, sweet one," Julie said and Janet went to her knees in the midst of the circle of girls. "Now," Julie continued, "You need to do something to make it up to our guests, my friends. Crawl to each of them in turn and offer to eat their pussies."

She looked at the giggling circle of girls and said: "If you don't want her to eat you, just shake your head 'no'."

No one refused. Janet spent the next 40 minutes undressing and eating all the girls in the room, as Julie told her. When she was finished, Julie went to her and helped her from the floor. Julie pressed herself to Janet's nakedness and kiss her long and deep. In the process Julie helped to wipe the various juices from Janet's face. Janet turned to Julie and quietly asked if she might dress or should she remain naked. Julie allowed her to put on the panties that she'd taken from Julie.

From that point on, they were all in various stages of dress and undress. They laughed a lot, Janet included, and generally acted like they were a group of best friends. Julie stationed Janet at the door and allowed each of the leaving girls to feel Janet's body as much as they wanted.

Finally they were all gone. Janet sighed, contented, and turned around only to find Julie standing in the doorway to the kitchen naked.

"My turn, pet," Julie said. Janet went to Julie and the two of them went in the bedroom, while holding on to each other. Julie pulled Janet down onto the bed and delighted her by pushing her into a '69' position. Julie's tongue found its way both into Janet's pussy and her ass crack. Janet was radiantly happy.

Julie slid off the bed and soon came back with the strap on harness on. She slid between Janet's thighs and slid easily into Janet's wet pussy. Their love making was furious and they both collapsed from it soon. Janet licked off the dildo and removed the harness from Julie, kissing both her pussy and ass as she did.

They lay resting for a while. Julie soon stirred and said: "Hold on, pet, I need to use the ladies."

Janet got a smiling look on her face and said: "Mistress, can I ask you please a favor?"

Julie said: "Of course, sweet one."

"I know it sounds lewd and horrible but there is this old fantasy of mine."

"Yes?" Julie coached her.

"To ... uh ... to kneel and have a woman pee in my mouth."

Julie laughed: "You are the total, the genuine article, my love. Come with me. You are truly a wet dream come true."

They went to the bathroom. In the shower stall Janet knelt and Julie positioned herself so that her crotch was immediately in front of Janet's face.

"You really want to do this?" Julie said with a kind of wonder.

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said, as she positioned her face so that her open mouth covered all of Julie's pussy. Julie gave a happy sigh and settle down onto Janet's mouth and simple let her water go. She filled Janet's mouth and some ran down the side of her cheeks. But Janet swallowed it for the most part.

Julie finished pissing and hauled Janet up. She came up spluttering a bit and smiling broadly.

She said quietly to Julie: "That's how much I love you."

Julie held the older woman and turned on the shower for them. When they were finished showering and toweled off, Julie took Janet to the bed again.

"Now my fantasy," she announced.

Janet smiled and looked at her mistress. Julie grinned and put the strap on back on, putting the cock in place.

She said simply: "Ass fucking."

"Oh dear!" was Janet's comment but she bent to take the dildo into her mouth and then took some ky jelly from the night stand and coated the dildo. She got onto the bed with her face in the covers and her lovely, large ass in the air, as Julie came forward and began the slow process of pressing the dildo into Janet's asshole. Janet grunted as the dildo went home. Julie sighed with the lovely feeling it gave her as she fucked Janet's ass.

When they were finished, and Julie had pulled out, Janet took the harness again and cleaned the dildo for Julie.

They embraced and Julie cooed to Janet: "Love, love, I have to go; school tomorrow!"

"Yes, I know," Janet said, "Thank you for a lovely evening. Do you want your panties or should I wear them tomorrow?"

"Wear them."

As Julie was going for the door she turned to Janet and said: "Call Noel, she'll come and you'll have the comfort of her."

"You are so wonderful," Janet said, as she kissed Julie 'good night.'

She did call Noel, who answered. "Girl friend," Janet said.

"Oh, it's you at last," was Noel's comment. "Yes, can you come over?" Janet said

"Yes, you can tell me about it."

"Hey," Janet said.

"Yes?" Noel asked. "Wear heels, and a rain coat but nothing else. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I do," Noel said, "You make me feel so wonderfully dirty."

"In that case,"Janet went on, "Make sure that you show yourself somehow to at least one person."

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh," Noel said, as she hung up.

Noel got there soon, and they were embracing at the door. They laughed at Noel's tale of a young man on a bicycle who was about to go from a light, when Noel honked her horn and opened her coat, showing him that she was naked, before she moved from the light.

They went to the bedroom and pillow talked for a long time about the whole event. Noel was scandalized by Janet's drinking Julie's piss. "You want to try it some time?" Janet whispered into Noel's ear?

"Maybe I do," Noel said, as she cozied up to Janet.

They got up and ran the next morning, wearing their new sexy spandex outfits. Julie looked like she was in such good shape. They all kissed one another in greeting and set out. Julie told the other two to run ahead of her. She said that she wanted to watch their asses wiggle. The two of the giggled and set out.

During the run, Julie spoke to Janet about her mother. "It's just that she and I don't hide things from one another. Now she's wondering and concerned about my relationship with you, Janet. She might come to see you and talk to you. She's certainly not violent or opposed or anything crazy like that. She just says that she wants to understand. So, if she comes to see you, Janet, will you do whatever she asks?"

"Of course, I will," Janet said, "You already know that I will do whatever you tell me to."

Julie stopped running for a moment. She looked at Janet and said: "No, sweet love, this is not me the Mistress ordering you, the bitch, to do something. This is me asking a best friend to help her out."

Janet looked at Julie and threw her arms around her: "Of course, I'll do whatever she wants me to."

Janet was home after a fairly easy school day. She was disappointed that very little opportunity presented itself to be with Julie, but she had practice. The guys were wondering why most of the girls and now the teacher seemed so giggly today. But they didn't get it. Janet took off her clothes and put on sweats. She was just having a glass of wine, when the door bell rang.

"Oh dear," she thought, "That's right, Julie's mom."

She went to the door opening it. A woman in her late 40's stood there. She was relatively tall, wore jeans and a blouse, had nice flared hips, and firm but small breasts.

"Yes?" Janet said.

"Oh," the woman began, "You must be Janet, uh my daughter Julie's friend. I'm Jan her mom. Can I please come in?"

"Yes, of course, Mrs. Stone," Janet said, still a little wary.

"Oh please call me Jan; I've heard so much about you from Julie that I feel I know you already."

"Fine," Janet said, "Come in, Jan."

The woman came in and they sat in the living room.

Jan began: "The last thing that I want to do is to step in any way between you and Julie. She is radiantly happy about you and her."

Janet blushed and said: "Good."

"I can see that you are also," was Jan's next comment. "But it's important for me to understand this relationship that you and she have. It's that simple. Would you please help me with this?"

"Of course," Janet said, "Ask me whatever you want."

Jan then wanted to know how the relationship started. Janet smiled and told of the impromptu party at her house, and the succeeding 'panty raid, ' when she was in bed. She left Noel out of it. Then she mentioned Julie's promise to 'come for her.'

At that point Jan interrupted to ask Janet what happened during the 'panty raid' that was so important and stirred up Julie so much. Janet looked at the woman and asked her how much 'detail' she wanted.

Jan's response was that she simply wanted to understand. Janet sighed and told the woman that during the 'panty raid' Julie settled down on her bed with her knees on either side of her head and told her to 'eat her'.

Jan blushed a little but said: "I don't want to make you uncomfortable but it's important for me to understand my daughter."

Janet smiled and said: "I know that."

Jan went on then: "But how did it develop then?"

Now Janet told Jan about Julie's visit, when she 'came to get her' in earnest.

Janet said: "Let me explain this if I can. Your daughter is a forceful personality. She knows what she wants and she tries to get it."

"Yes, I know that," Jan replied. "Well, she told me that her fantasy was to have a teacher as her, we call them 'bitch, ' her total servant."

"And how did you feel about that?" Jan wanted to know.

"Mrs. Stone, Jan, you need to realize that I have discovered in myself a truly sexually submissive personality. What Julie said to me was one of the most exciting things that I've ever heard, and so, here we are."

"You are?" Jan asked open endedly.

"I am her bitch." Janet said with a smile. It pleases me, warms me just to think it. I hope this has answered your questions."

Jan hesitated and said next: "Yes, but there's one more thing that you can really help me with."

"Yes," Janet replied, "What is that?"

"I, uh, really would like to experience being someone's bitch. Can you help me? Can you do that with me? I just want to know, you see."

Janet thought for a moment and said finally: "Well, yes, I will but during the experiment, you will listen to me and do everything that I tell you. If you act out of turn I will spank you."

"Has she done that do you?" Jan wanted to know, somewhat shocked?"

"Yes, she has, Janet said, "Several times, once in front of all her girlfriends."

"Oh," Jan said, "I ... I find that rather exciting."

Janet smiled, "Yes, I found it really exciting myself." "You understand," Janet said then, "That if we do this, you will be under my control?"

"Yes," Jan said.

Janet just looked at her and said: "It's 'yes, ma'am, ' bitch."

Jan was taken aback but immediately corrected herself and said: "Yes, ma'am."

"Good, now strip, bitch." Janet continued.

Jan stood up then and, with little hesitation, lifted her tee shirt off. She was wearing a soft beige bra. Janet watched and enjoyed the sight of the older woman stripping. Next Jan removed her bra, letting her smallish, but nicely formed tits swing free. Janet told her to move closer then. She did. Janet reached up and pulled on and twisted one of Jan's nipples.

It brought first a sigh and then a moan from the older woman. Janet then settled back and watched Jan unbuckle her belt, shed her shoes and pull her jeans down and off. She was a lovely woman.

"Panties," Janet said and Jan, somewhat reluctantly pulled her panties off. Jan stood now for a moment completely naked in front of Janet. She automatically placed her hands over her pussy. Janet came up out of her chair quickly then and slapped Jan's naked ass hard.

"Put those hands down, missy," she said severely.

"Sorry, ma'am," Jan said.

"Good," Janet continued, "Don't let that happen again."

"No, ma'am," was Jan's answer.

"All right," Janet said. "Now when I come to your home, through that door, you will greet me on your knees and you'll kiss whatever I give you to kiss: my hand, my pussy or my ass. Do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am, I do," Jan answered. Janet went out the door in order to come back and be greeted by Julie's kneeling, naked mom.

Janet came through the door. There was the attractive, older woman kneeling and waiting.

Jan said a simple: "Mistress."

Janet offered her hand and Jan kissed Janet's hand. Jan then looked up at her and said: "What happens then?"

Janet reddened a little and said, "Most often I will proceed with eating her and we will end up making love."

"I see," Jan said. Then without saying anything further, Jan moved on her hands and knees and pulled up Janet's skirt. Jan soon had her head buried in Janet's pussy. She pulled off Janet's panties and proceeded to eat Julie's Chem teacher and bitch.

Janet had her hands twined in Jan's hair to keep her face active in its place between her legs. Jan used her tongue and lips and succeeded in bringing Janet to a lovely orgasm. When she leaned back, Jan was smiling.

"One thing," Janet said with a kind of smile.

"Yes?"

"Well, you did that without really any invitation to, so now I'm going to spank you."

Jan looked non-plussed at this but said nothing as Janet positioned Julie's Mom across her knee. She began to spank the naked woman's shapely ass and continued uninterrupted for a time. She had Jan sobbing in no time. When Janet was done with the spanking, she gathered Jan into her arms and cuddled her the way that Julie would cuddle her in such a situation.

After a bit, Jan got up and dressed. She turned to Janet and said: "I know you'll talk to Julie about this and I think she understands. I know about loving a man but I just don't know about loving a woman, and I felt that I needed to. I can hardly thank you enough." She left after a hug at the door from Janet.

She settled down to wait for Julie; she wanted to tell her what had happened. The phone interrupted her reverie. It was a call from Wisconsin from a lawyer named Edward Trailor. He told her that her Uncle Cal had died.

Janet and Cal had been close but Cal was so busy that they almost never saw one another. Now he was dead, and all opportunities were lost.

Janet sat and wept. The lawyer indicated that according to Uncle Cal's wishes his body had already been cremated and that a formal reception could wait now until Janet came north. The lawyer also told her that she had some time, since he was trying to get the matters settled to present to her, when she came. They agreed that Janet could come to Wisconsin after school was finished.

It was then that Julie arrived. She found Janet in tears and irrupted immediately. "What did she do? I'll kill her! What did she do?"

"No, no," Janet sobbed as she launched herself into Julie's arms for comfort. "Your mom was strange but fine. I did what you told me to do. She, uh, wanted to know what it felt like to be someone's bitch. I made her strip and greet me at the door kneeling, then she ... oh, she insisted on eating me. I kept in mind what you had said. Finally, though I spanked her."

"Serves her right," Julie said, "But then what's wrong, sweets?"

Janet kept her head buried in Julie's shoulder and said: "My Uncle Cal died."

"Ohhhhhh, dear," Julie said, rubbing Janet's back as she held her. "Were you close?"

"Well, yes and no," Janet answered. "He's my only family left; he was so busy and I was so busy that we seldom got together but we were in constant touch. I just never ... I never ... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!" and then she cried again.

"What's to be done?" Julie asked, "I mean about arrangements?"

"Well, the lawyer that called said that there would be no funeral, that Cal didn't want one. The body has already been cremated and I can claim the ashes, when I go there. The lawyer also said that he'd want me there shortly after school finishes to work on the details of Cal's things etc. So, I have to make a trip to Wisconsin."

"Okay, come here," Julie said. She led her sobbing former teacher to the bedroom and they lay there, while Julie comforted her. They lay there a while until Julie was convinced that Janet was okay.

When they got up Julie said to her: "Call Noel. I don't want you alone but I have to go and talk to Mom."

Janet clung to her saying: "Thank you, thank you!' When Julie had left, she called Noel and they spent the night together.

It was a day or so later that there was a letter from Edward Trailor. She knew the name; it was Uncle Cal's lawyer. It indicated that everything was in order with the will, but that there was a great deal to be done to clear things.

He apologized for not being clearer but it was not a matter to be talked about via a letter or phone call. Janet would realize that, when they met. He said that he, Mr. Trailor, would be at her disposal to discuss things. He did mention a home on the Gulf of Mexico in Florida, that Janet knew about but never had or took the time to visit.

She made a kind of decision then to look into the Florida house and maybe even move there. It was quick but she was somehow sure of it. She'd resign and maybe leave teaching for a while.

"After all," she thought, "The house is mine." That brought a huge grin to her face. "Maybe," she thought, "Maybe, Uncle Cal was -well off." She just didn't know. She read for a while and then it was shower and bed.

It was a short time later Janet, Julie and Noel gathered at a local coffee place for tea. They gathered and when they were in a booth and had ordered, Janet asked if Julie was going to the principle's senior dinner.

"Oh," Julie moaned, "Scales' meat feast. Yes, I'm going. Everyone knows that they have to go. Of course there will be dancing for those who have dates. The rest of us have to live until 10:00 o'clock before we can bolt. I'll need a rescue by then." She leaned toward Janet and smiled: "Maybe I'll call you to come get me, when it's over to see if I'm still alive and civilized."

They all three laughed at the whole idea but Julie didn't seem to care for the evening at all. The word around was that it was a pain for all graduates but one that the principle insisted on. Julie said that she had to run; she kissed both Janet and Nicole, allowing Janet to kiss her hand, and she left.

As soon as she was gone Noel spoke up: "This is such a great opportunity."

"What is?" Janet wanted to know.

"It's so simple, listen: we go today to see Clifford and tell him that you have to be walking, strutting sensuality for that evening. You get him to dress you, from underwear on up and at 9:45 you appear, teachers are allowed, and you sweep Julie away."

"What an idea!" Janet said with some real enthusiasm.

They went right away to find Clifford. He was available when they got to the store. He was pleased to see them and told them, when they inquired about his new 'find' Alma that she was under control, she was submissive and rich."

They all giggled about it. Janet and Noel explained what they wanted from Clifford: for Janet to be walking sexuality for when she went to get Julie from the dinner. Clifford worked on the idea and they finally got it all arranged.

The night of the dinner Noel was helping Janet get dressed, when the door bell rang. Noel went and came back with Clifford.

"A few refinements and we're ready here. First of all, there are these": he held up a pair of bikini panties. Straps held them together at the sides, and there was a brown patch over the pussy. They were transparent over the seat.

"You see," he continued, with the soft tan of the dress these panties make it look like your pussy is showing and no one will know the difference. Then we'll add this removable nipple ring."

He put a nipple ring on Janet's right nipple. It had J S carved on it for Julie's initials. Then they had her put on the dress. It was tan and clinging; it fit Janet's curves like a second skin. Her panties were visible, when you looked, as was her nipple ring. It looked like her pussy was showing due to the effect of the panties.

Both Janet and Noel squealed, when they saw the effect. Noel insisted on taking pictures. The final touch from Clifford was a pair of 6 inch heels. They were brown strapped and had glass heels. Then Janet was ready. She looked like a complete siren.

It was soon time for her to leave in order to be at the hall at precisely 9:45. She got there with 5 minutes to spare and waited for time before she went in.

Julie was seated at a table with others who had no dates. They were friendly and affable but Julie was anxious to get out of there, when one of the other girls said:

"Oh, my God! Who is that?"

Heads turned and another girl said: "That's Ms. Peters from chemistry."

Now Julie's head whipped around and saw the breath taking vision of Janet sensuously moving toward where Mr. Scales the principle was standing. He watched her wide eyed.

One of the other girls at Julie's table then said: "I never knew she was such a fox."

"Oh, yes," Julie sighed, "She's a fox."

"But what's she doing here?" the other girl asked, "Faculty never come to this."

Julie laughed and said: "I think it's a rescue."

They all watched as Janet then strode toward Julie's table. When she turned toward them, they could then see what others had already seen: The brown panties that looked like pubic hair through the dress, and the obvious outline of a nipple ring on her right nipple. People were twittering everywhere.

The people at Julie's table watched as Janet threaded her way through the crowd, smiling and waving at students she knew.

And Julie's table mates were positively dumbfounded, when Janet came and stood at their table.

She stood in front of Julie, who was now grinning, and she said: "Ma'am, the cavalry is here."

Julie grinned at Janet and said: "So it is; so it is."

Then to their surprise Janet knelt and took Julie's hand and kissed it with the clear word: "Mistress."

Julie laughed and said "You look for all the world, pet, like pure sex. Doesn't she?" Julie asked turning to the other girls at the table.

They simply shook their head 'yes'.

"It's time to go and see about all that lovely flesh," Julie said.

She walked ahead of Janet toward the door. Just before the door, with eyes still on them, Janet pulled out Clifford's final surprise; she said to Julie: "Mistress, can you wait a moment?"

Julie stopped and looked; she grinned as she realized that Janet was putting on a dog collar that said 'Julie' on it.

Having done that, Janet reached into her bag and brought out a leash handing it to Julie, who grinned to the room and attached the leash to Janet's collar, leading her from the hall. As they left, the students broke into applause.

They were outside and immediately Julie sprang into Janet's arms.

"You fucking sexy bitch!" Julie said.

"Glad you approve," Janet said. Then they heard someone call Janet. It was Mr. Scales the principle. He was sputtering about how inappropriate the 'display' was. He reached them and confronted them.

It was Janet who spoke up: "John," she began, "Look at it this way; Julie has finished school but for the ceremony, and I have resigned. We're both gone. I've spent years coming to your office for your little conferences, when every single female faculty member knows that you get us there and put us in that chair out in front of your desk to see if you can see up our skirts and get a glimpse of our panties. And you're saying that this is inappropriate. So, John, let me spell it out for you. I'm not Julie's friend here to fetch her from the dinner; I'm Julie's bitch. She's my mistress. I'm her sex slave. You've been trying to peak at my panties for years and all you have to do now is ask my Mistress. One word from her and you get to see my panties and all of me naked, if that's what she tells me to do. If she tells me, John, I'll get naked right here and suck your cock here and now. We just don't want to be bothered. You see what I've done here? I've spoken out without her permission and when we're back at my place alone, she's going to take a paddle and she's going to spank my ass until it's red and I'm blubbering. But it's worth it."

He stood speechless, red faced and apparently without anything to say.

Julie smiled and said: "Mr. Scales, would you like to see Janet's panties?"

He broke then and simply shook his head 'yes'.

Julie turned to Janet and said: "Pull your dress up; show him."

Janet reached down and pulled up the hem of her dress until it was at her hips, showing him her panties with the brown patch at the front barely hiding her pussy hair. Then she turned around and showed him the transparent seat of the panties and her ass cheeks shining through the material. John Scales only groaned.

"Anything else, Mistress?" Janet asked.

Julie smiled again and said: "Yes, slut; this is Mr. Scales' lucky night. Take us to your car and he gets a blow job for being such a good boy."

In an outrageous act, that had Julie laughing. She did as she was told, taking them to her car. Janet unzipped John Scales' pants and grabbed out his cock. The principle was led by Janet as though he were a little boy, as though his cock were his leash. At the car Janet opened the trunk lid and had him set on the trunk fender. Then she knelt and, her eyes staring up at his, she took his already stiff cock and sucked him off with Julie standing by and watching. When she was finished and had swallowed his cum, he zipped himself up and thanked Janet for the blow job.

She said quickly: "You're thanking the wrong person, Mr. Scales."

Then he turned to Julie and thanked her for the use of her sex slave. He wandered back just shaking his head. Janet and Julie got into the car, embraced and laughed.

"You are the best in the world," Julie said, "The very best."

"Thank you, Mistress," Janet said, "Just trying to rescue you."

"That you did," Julie said, "That you did."

They left and Julie drove. "We have to go to my house first; I need to get something," she explained.

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said, self satisfied. Julie reached over and stroked Janet's cheek. "This was one of the rarest gifts imaginable tonight," she said.

"Thank you, Mistress," Janet said, placing her hand on top of Julie's. "We'll go dancing at this club that I know but first something from home?"

"Should I know what it is from home that you're getting?" Janet enquired.

"Oh," Julie grinned, "I'll give you a hint: it's something large that I'm going to stick up your ass tonight."

"Ohhhhhhhh," Janet almost crowed, "So my night has only begun."

"Exactly right," was Julie's answer.
Chapter 8 »
Home | Top | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 7 - Chapter 9 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 8
Posted: November 10, 2009 - 04:33:19 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

They went to Julie's and Janet waited for Julie in the living room. While she stood there waiting for Julie, Jan came into the living room. She was wearing a robe. She looked at Janet and a sigh escaped her lips.

"Miss ... uh ... Mistress Janet," she croaked, overwhelmed by the air of sexuality that escaped Janet.

Without another word she shook the robe off and approached Janet. Now Jan was wearing only purple panties. About six feet from her, Jan went to her knees and crawled to where Janet was. She knelt in front of Janet. Janet knew what she was doing, even if she was surprised. Janet lifted her dress and turned so that her back was to Jan. Jan for her part understood also. She scuttled to Janet and, swiftly pulling her panties down to her knees, began to kiss Janet's ass in welcome.

They were interrupted by a voice: "Well, look at this. My mom is trying to make time with my date."

Jan stopped and settled back. She covered her eyes with her hands and began to apologize. Julie came over and put her hand on her mother's head.

Janet began to apologize but Julie quieted her with a finger on Janet's lips and she turned to her mother saying: "Hey, Mom, it's okay; she is living, breathing sexuality; that's what she is. I don't blame you. You do need to know a few things, so pay attention. If you declare yourself her bitch, then you automatically become my bitch, because I'm at the head of the chain here."

Her mother shook her head 'yes' in agreement, never taking her eyes off of Janet, who still had her skirt raised to her hips. "Also, if you want to declare yourself her bitch then you need to do it properly."

Jan then said: "What do I need to do?"

Julie turned to Janet and said: "Tell her what she needs to make love to in order to proclaim her your sexual servant."

Janet said quietly: "My asshole."

Jan looked up with a question on her face. "That's right, Mom, you need to make love to, lick and french kiss her asshole. And let me tell you that she'll know if you're good or not because Janet is a master at it."

Janet then sunk to her knees and clasped her arms around Julie. Her breath caught in her throat as she leaned her head against Julie and felt against her cheek the outline of a huge cock. Janet looked up at Julie with a grin on her face. Julie winked at Janet.

Then Janet almost whispered: "Please don't be mad, Mistress, I am as surprised as you are."

"Oh, I'm not surprised at all," Julie said, stoking Janet's cheek. "She's been smitten by you for a while now."

Turning to her mom she then said: "Okay, lady, I'll be back later and we'll talk."

"Yes, dear," Jan said.

"Go ahead," Julie continued, and raising Janet to her feet she said: "Kiss her goodnight, Mom."

Turning to Janet she said: "Let her."

Now Janet nodded and raised her skirt now showing her pussy. Jan scuttled now to Janet again and put her mouth firmly against Janet's pussy kissing and licking.

"Come on," Julie said, "Or we'll never get out of here and do something indecent."

She was grinning as she said it. They left her almost naked mom there kneeling in her panties, sighing with her head resting on the couch.

In the car Julie spoke up: "That is one really hot development. I have to see if she was just smitten or really serious about this."

Janet took Julie's hand and kissed the palm of her hand.

She said: "Thank you, Mistress, for understanding. And please give me guidance. I'm not sure about what to do with your Mom. I'm really not."

"Well, " Julie continued. "I think that she needs some experience; is what I think. You can provide that. Look at you and Noel, she's almost your bitch now. You know what to do. But shall we go dancing now? I want others to ogle you."

Janet giggled at that and they went to the car.

As they sat in the car, Julie said, in a strange voice: "I want to talk to you just a little here where it's private."

"Yes?" Janet said.

They sat in the car and Julie, looking away at first, and beginning slowly talked to Janet.

"Ms. Peters," she laughed then and said: "It's so easy to slip into old habits, when you're trying to be serious. But, Janet, it's really difficult to tell you how hard it's been in high school and before, once I realized how different I was and that my turn on was girls. Oh, I'm not a virgin. A torrid session, that I didn't dislike, with Roger Savage took care of that. Nice cock, by the way."

Janet said: "He certainly does but forgive me for the interruption."

"It's okay, my pet," Julie began again. "The world was so strange. Mom tried to help me with it, once we talked, and I think that she's gone into it, going into deeply now. We'll see. But it was hard. I imagine that your life with that Jimmie, barren as you describe it, was that hard too, especially for a passionate woman like you."

Janet confined herself to shaking her head 'yes', and Julie stroked Janet's hand.

"Then high school and my world was dominated, filled, I mean absolutely filled up with thoughts, fantasies and dreams about the pussy, tits and ass of one person."

Julie looked over at Janet and said quietly: "You."

Janet just wide eyed her.

"Then,"Julie continued, "along came the story among the girls that the guys had taken you out for a gang bang. The other girls were kind of 'yuck' about that. I thought privately that it was one of the sexiest things I'd ever heard. You see, if you'd do that; who knows what else you might do. Next was the girls party and I was determined to make the most of what would probably be my one time with you."

Julie turned to confront Janet again and said: "Sitting on your face that night was perhaps the greatest leap, the hugest step, the most wonderful thing that I'd done. And your response to my saying that I was coming to get you just thrilled me. Since then, it's been this fantasy world. You see, I have stored up in me all of these secret fantasies that we've been living out. And it's been great, way, way beyond great. But I have to tell you, and this is what my ramble is all about. I have to tell you: tonight was the nicest single thing that anyone has ever done for me."

Janet was looking at her and grinning. "You were electric from the moment you walked in. One of the girls at my table said 'look at that will you' but I paid no attention until another girl said 'Is that sex pot really Peters the Chem bitch?' I snapped my head around and there you were, a walking, stalking sexy bitch. Everyone was agog and talking about it. They all wondered why you were there, since teachers never come to that affair. Only you and I knew, and that was the most wonderful feeling. I watched as the tension increased as you spoke to Scales and then crossed the room to where I was. You knelt down and, I tell you with absolute truth, I almost peed myself."

Janet giggled then. "Oh, Janet, no one has treated me so specially, no one has been that attentive, no one has been that nice. I'll always remember that, even if this is our only summer."

Then two things happened, triggering a third. Julie stroked Janet's hand and then she cried.

Janet reacted immediately: 'Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, Mistress Julie, Julie my precious, no. I did it to be sexy, I did it to be sensuous, I did it to be a walking wet dream for everyone to look at and to show and tell everyone that I was for you alone. I did it to wiggle my ass for you, and show a shadow in my dress where my panties make it look like pubic hair, and wear a nipple ring with your initials on it."

Julie's head bobbed up at this point and stared at Janet; she hadn't realized that. Janet continued, "I wanted to be everyone's wet dream but I was determined to show them that I was only for you. But I never, never, ever meant to make you cry."

Then Janet was in tears, and Julie also. The embraced and let each other cry.

Julie backed off and through her tears said to Janet: "Do you really have my initials on your nipple ring?"

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said, and she reached under her arm and unzipped her dress under the arm to be able to pull down the top of her dress and show Julie the nipple ring, clamped on to her right nipple and the initials on the ring.

Julie cried again then, and Janet held her.

Finally, Julie's face, radiant with a smile, lifted and she said: "Now we go to a club I sometimes go to; it's for us girls. I want to dance with you and I'll probably make you dance without your dress on."

Janet sighed with an "oh dear!" at that.

"And we'll do delicious things. I have to go to soccer camp at the university soon but tonight will be for us."

Janet hugged her and they left. Julie took them to the club.

They got out of the car and were going to walk to the club, when Janet said to Julie: "Please, Mistress, this bitch is talking out of turn, but my leash."

"Ah, yes, lovely of you to remember," Julie said and got the leash and connected it to Janet's collar.

Julie went behind Janet and told her to bend over. Julie then delivered five sharp slaps to Janet's ass.

"That's for talking out of turn, slut."

Janet, whose ass stung now, said: "Thank you, Mistress."

Then they were met at the door by a rather large looking woman, whose face was wreathed in a smile, when she saw Julie. When they got near, Julie flew into the arms of the big woman, while Janet stayed a respectful distance.

"Hey, child, how the hell are you?" The big woman wanted to know.

"All graduated these days," was Julie's come back.

Then the woman turned to Janet, noticed the leash and said: "Child, child, who or what is this?"

Julie turned to Janet and told her that this was Gwen, and to greet Gwen, a great friend of hers, politely."

Janet knelt and took Gwen's proffered hand kissing it.

Gwen looked at Julie and said: "Is she always this polite?"

Julie smiled and said: "Always."

Gwen continued: "Does she always greet you by kissing your hand?"

Julie shook her head 'no' and explained: "She kisses whatever I give her to kiss; sometimes I want her to kiss my pussy or my ass instead of my hand."

Gwen's eyes grew large as she said: "So I just missed a golden opportunity, child?"

Julie turned to Janet and said: "Kneel, slave, and greet Gwen as she prefers."

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said, as she got to her knees.

Gwen grinned and turned to face Julie with her back now to Janet, who was still kneeling. Gwen was wearing black stretch pants, which she pulled all the way to her knees. Her underwear was a strap of some kind that encased her large ass but left it exposed.

Before Janet could react, Julie opened her purse and gave Janet a tube of lipstick, bright red. "Give Gwen a souvenir," Julie said.

Jane applied the lipstick and then leaned in and kissed each of Gwen's exposed ass cheeks. Then she kissed up Gwen's ass crack.

Gwen laughed and said: "Shit, child, she's the real deal!"

Julie grinned: "Yes, she certainly is."

Julie then turned to Janet and said: "Now introduce yourself to Gwen."

Janet politely said: "Good evening, Ms. Gwen, I'm Janet. I teach chemistry at the high school, and I have been Mistress Julie's teacher for over a year now. Mistress Julie made me her bitch, and sex slave recently, and I am really really grateful for that."

When she said this, Janet knelt and put her arms around Julie's knees and kissed Julie's thigh."

Gwen's reaction was a startled laugh: "Holy shit!" she said with gusto, "Her high school teacher? That's is so fucking hot that I am reeling." Julie grinned.

Then Julie raised Janet saying: "Up, pet."

Now Julie turned to Gwen and said: "Okay, do her."

Gwen smiled and said this is the best part of my job. Non members need to be frisked before entering. So, stand with your hands over your head."

Janet did as she was told. Gwen began to frisk her. "Hmm, a nipple ring," Gwen said, "Is this permanent?"

"No, ma'am," Janet said but Julie interrupted and said that when Gwen had time off, she should come to their table for the tale of the ring and that evening.

Gwen then ran her hands down over Janet's tits in a semi rough fashion. She let her hand drift down to the front of Janet's dress, asking what the brown shadow was.

Janet blushed and Gwen said: "I'll find out later."

"Turn around,"Gwen ordered and Janet turned around to have her ass now felt by Gwen.

Then the big woman began to ask questions: "Does your Mistress treat you well?"

"Extremely, excitingly well," Janet answered.

Gwen turned Janet so that she was now facing her and Julie. "Does she spank you or beat you?"

"Both," Janet said, "When I need it and when she wants the pleasure of it."

"And do you like rough treatment like that?"

"Yes, ma'am, this bitch does." was Janet's simple answer.

"Has she branded you?" Gwen wanted to know.

Janet looked at Julie and said: "Branded?"

Gwen laughed. Julie said, with a smile, "We haven't gotten to that yet."

Gwen nodded to Julie and said: "I've got to hand it to you, child; she's the genuine article all right but I always new you'd do us proud."

Julie beamed and said "Thank you," as they went into the club.

They sat at a table and talked for just a bit. "What'll it be, pet?" Julie wanted to know.

"It's your night," Janet said, "It's an anything you want kind of night."

"Mmmm," sounds nice. "My night, just me and my own personal sex slave."

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said.

"Well then let's have some romance, then some dirty sex and then some romance again."

"Delicious," Janet said, as Julie took her y the hand to lead her to the dance floor.

The dance was a slow one and they entwined arms and swung into the rhythm of it. Julie slowly slid her arms down so that her hands could cover Janet's ass.

"I never get enough of playing with you," Julie said, "Playing with your magnificent ass, those big tits and their big brown nipples. You are so ripe!"

"Thank you, Mistress," Janet said.

Julie took Janet's hands and pulled them down until they rested on her ass also. Janet rubbed and squeezed Julie's ass cheeks as the dance continued. When it was over, and they went to the table, Gwen was waiting for them.

"Very sexy," she said, "Very hot." Julie grinned and Janet smiled too.

"Okay," Gwen continued, "I want the story of the removable nipple ring."

Julie told he the story, of the terrible dinner, of Janet's explosive entry into the hall, her greeting of John Scales, and her slow stalking movement over to where she sat, then her kneeling to greet Julie by kissing her hand. Then Julie continued telling of Janet producing the collar and leash before they went out the door, and ended with the telling off and blow job of Scales himself.

Gwen was positively radiant with joy, when she heard the story. She turned to Janet and she knelt, taking Janet's hand and kissing Janet's hand.

She said: "You're one classy lady."

"Thank you, Miss Gwen."

"Why don't we dance with her now?" Julie asked.

"Oh I just love sandwiches," Gwen said, "Don't you?" Julie grinned and Janet smiled.

They went out to the dance floor. The dance was a fast one with Janet in the middle. She had Julie bumping against her front and Gwen bumping against her rear. It restricted her movements. Janet found herself being pleased about this club, so much like the other one. It certainly gave Julie a context for her difficult life style at a sensitive time. Soon enough the dance was finished.

And history repeated itself. Gwen stepped up on the small stage and said in a loud voice that quieted everyone: "Our Julie graduates this week!"

There were cheers and clapping of hands. Julie, it seemed, was popular.

Gwen continued: "And ... and," she repeated for emphasis. "Guess who this is, I mean apart from the obvious fact that this gorgeous creature is Julie's bitch."

Now there were some wolf whistles for Janet.

"This," Gwen continued working for dramatic effect, "is Julie high school chemistry teacher, Janet."

The place went wild. There where more whistles and someone started stomping their feet. The wildness continued for some minutes.

Finally a voice from the crowd shouted out: "Make the bitch dance for us!"

There was general approval and the voices calling for Janet to dance continued. Julie smiled and turned to Janet saying: "Do it."

Just before Janet went up to the stage, she turned briefly to Julie and kissed her; it gave her a chance to whisper: "This is for you!"

Janet was excited; Janet was tickled. One of the things that the late Jimmie never new about, because Janet was so careful, was that, while he was busy and going to meetings and conventions, Janet was studying exotic dancing. It was the fantasy in those days that she did allow herself to indulge.

Her teachers had told her that she had a great career ahead of herself in dancing, if she was interested. But she knew she couldn't take it that far.

Janet went to the stage. The whole thing was forming in her mind. The music surged and she was pleased that it was hot and driving and exactly what she wanted. She stood still for just a number of seconds. She wanted them to have the impression that she was about to embarrass herself.

A few people started to clap rhythmically but then Janet launched into a dance and there was complete silence. She shimmied, she shook, she moved and strutted and simply owned the space. She look carefully around as she did it. A gal in a front table had some stuff out on the table, including lipstick and she was wearing red.

Janet formed her plans. She made an exaggerated move to the right and everyone followed her movement. But all that she did was to shield the fact that with her other hand, the one not noticed, she had unzipped her dress all the way down the side. She knew now that a shimmy and flick of her hips was going to send the dress to the floor.

She clenched her arms as she strode in time to the music off of the stage directly at Julie. Julie and Gwen were sitting a little ahead of the crowd. Gwen saw Janet coming, stalking in time to the music and she understood. She moved her chair and left Julie sitting out alone.

Now Janet was in front of Julie and the music was pounding. Janet's ass was shifting from side to side in time to the music. Janet turned and wiggled her ass, bending from the waist, to the crowd. They cheered.

Then she turned, for the rest of the dance was for Julie. She shifted her feet and her knees making a statement in time to the music and then she threw up her hands and pumped her hips and the dress went to the floor.

The place was in an uproar. Janet was dancing now in her panties and heels. She did the edge of the semi circular crowd, moving toward the table with the lipstick. She got there and snatched up the lipstick, blowing a kiss to the woman whose it was. The woman winked and grinned. Janet danced now, never missing a beat and held the lipstick in front of her. This was one of the specialties that they'd learned at the class.

Suddenly Janet whipped around and she'd written on her chest above her heaving tits the word "Teach"! They cheered and stomped. She grinned and winked at Julie and turned with her back to the crowd again. She did the same thing as before. This time, when she made the explosive turn around she'd added across her stomach: "Julie's Bitch!"

Janet stalked in the dance to Julie and raised her up. As Julie stood, Janet turned Julie around and sunk to her heels in front of Julie's back. Again in time to the music, Janet raised Julie's skirt and kissed her way up Janet's ass crack.

The cheering was deafening. Now Janet turned Julie around and sat her down. With her ass bopping in time to the music, Janet removed Julie's shoe and put her toes into her mouth. Then the music was coming to a conclusion. Janet danced in front of Julie and whipped her panties off. These she offered to Julie who took them and held them to her nose.

Then Janet took her dress and wound it around her hands giving the impression of having her hands tied. Naked now except for her shoes, and with her dress wound around her hands to simulate having them tied, Janet finished the dance as the perfect slave. As the music shuddered to its conclusion, Janet slumped to her knees in front of Julie and put her face on the very last cord between Julie's thighs. The crowd was on its feet cheering and stomping. Janet lifted her head and smiled at Julie.

Julie's only comment was: "Holy shit! I didn't know you could do that."

"That was for you," Janet said.

Julie grinned at her and said: "Thank you so much."

Now Gwen was on the stage speaking again. She said, with a grin: "How about the teacher, Julie's bitch?"

The applause was thunderous again. Gwen continued: "Well, Julie and I are going to take Janet into the security room for a chat for a bit."

This caused snickering all around.

"And we're certainly not going to let our bare assed babe dress for a while." This caused whistling and cat calls. "But it is appropriate for you to come up here and give her ass a congratulatory slap for that dance."

Now the crowd surged in Janet's direction. She got slaps on her ass from all around. It caused pandaemonium for a bit. Then Julie put Janet on her leash again.

Looking at Janet with a smiling face and smiling eyes she said: "You crawl along with us."

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said and crawled across the room with Julie and Gwen. There were many more slaps and pats to Janet's ass as she made her progress across the floor.

They finally got into the security room and Julie said: "Oh shit, you look so sexy crawling across the floor bare assed naked."

"Thank you, Mistress," Janet said, as she rested on her heels, her tits still swinging back and forth from the effort. Julie raised Janet to her feet and threw her arms around her then, exclaiming: "I never, ever knew that you could dance like that."

Janet smiled: "I took lessons in exotic dance. It got me away from Jimmie and his smothering neglect."

"Well," Julie continued, "Now for a treat."

She turned to Gwen and said: "Gwen sweetie, would you please take those tight pants off? We need to show Janet part of her treat."

Gwen smiled and did as Julie had asked her. She pulled her tight, lycra pants down. Janet gasped. What she had taken for a dildo was really a large and quite lovely prick. Gwen laughed.

Julie beamed and said to Janet: "It's real; go ahead and touch it. She's going to use it on you in a minute."

Janet reached out her hand and said: "Well it is both unexpected and lovely." She reached and stroked Gwen's cock.

"Now, let's do it," Julie said. "Gwen had my virginity," Julie continued.

Then Julie slipped out of her clothes and put on a harness for a strap on.

"Gwen," Julie continued, "Explain to the slave our little game here."

Gwen laughed and said: "Gladly; you see we're going to fuck you; in the face and in the ass. Every minute or so we'll switch places. So, after the first round, you'll always be getting a cock, mine and Julie's dildo, that's been in your asshole. We call it playing the brown around."

Gwen then took off the rest of her clothes, showing her large, large set of tits with huge, erect nipples.

They had Janet between them and Julie cozied up to Janet's mouth. Janet opened her mouth to accept the dildo that Julie was wearing. At the same time, she grunted from the effort of Gwen to shove her cock up Janet's ass.

When Gwen penetrated, Janet sighed and gave herself up to the sensations. She also was calm as Julie called for the first switch.

Gwen's dirty cock entered her mouth and Janet slurped on it, getting it wet and cleaning it so that Gwen could continue to fuck her face. The three of them didn't last at this little game very long. Soon they were all three panting and cumming with Janet moaning into Julie's dildo and shoving her ass backwards at Gwen's cock. Julie pulled out and ordered Janet to go ahead and service Gwen's cock to clean it. Janet did as she was told.

Then Gwen fetched a towel and wash cloth and they cleaned Janet up together.

Julie told the two other women: "I want another dance and then I'm going to take my bitch home to bed." "Mmmmmm," Janet said with a smile on her face.

They were on the way to Janet's house. Julie had said that she didn't mind going to her house but that meant that Janet would have to do something sexual to make her mom submit and she, Julie, wanted Janet all to herself. This brought a broad smile to Janet's face.

"Now the romance part," Julie said, and Janet agreed: "Now the romance."

"What do you suggest?" Julie asked.

Janet looked at her and gave her a sexy smile. She said; "Since you asked, Mistress, I think maybe some candles, some easy music, some dancing and then bed; to bed in maybe panties or maybe just naked with no agenda. But then at 2:15 AM, I love 2:15 AM, one of us should wake and just begin doing sexual things to the other."

"Sounds delightful," Julie said.

They got to Janet's and locked up, set out the candles and Janet broke out some wine to celebrate. Then there was the dancing. Stomach to stomach, breasts to breasts, with Janet's much larger tits pressing into Julie smaller and pointed breasts. It was also pussy to pussy through the panties that Julie wore.

Janet whispered to Julie: "Ms Julie, I like seeing you and feeling you in panties. It's so sexy. I'm just ... uh, glad that you don't, you know, wear men's underwear." Julie giggled.

She said to Janet: "I have a treat for you, pet; I'm not going to punish you for speaking out to Scales. We'll let it go."

"Thank you, ma'am."

Then Julie looked at Janet and said: "Now bed, I really am tired and the best part is the sleeping with my hands on your parts."

"Mmmmmm," was Janet's purring reply.

They were in bed then and facing each other. Their legs intertwined and their hands on each other.

Julie spoke after a while: "Tell me about how you've come to where you are, pet."

Janet sighed and began her tale with Jimmie and his neglect; she continued with stories about the recent development of her understanding of her sensuality: the balcony, Joe and Melissa, Clifford, Dave, the three guys at the mall and then Clem, Clifford and the high school guys and her hooded, blowing Dewy, the gang bang and Robin intervening, her with Robin and then the gathering with the girls.

"Wow," Julie said, "Quite a story. How are you holding up?"

Janet appreciated Julie's insight and told her that at times she knew that she couldn't keep up the pace and would have to have some thinking time.

Julie said: "Yes, I believe you will. We'll keep that in mind."

Then Julie spoke again. I have a couple of requests.

"Yes, ma'am," Janet replied.

"The first," Julie said is that we shift to girl friend to girl friend mode. I love the sex slave dynamic but I want to talk to you as my friend for a little."

Janet smiled at Julie and in answer placed her lips on Julie's. The kiss was quick, soft and sweet; it signaled Janet's joyful acceptance.

"Lovely," Janet said.

Julie then continued: "I also want you to make love to me, when you wake at 2;15 AM. We'll have the strap on near by and I want you to use it but gently."

"I can do that," Janet said.

"You know," Julie said, "This is an aside but I think it would be lovely some time for us to go out and get laid. A couple of guys."

Janet giggled and Julie joined her. "But there's something that's on my mind that I want to say," was Julie's next statement.

Janet waited. Julie's voice was strained, when she spoke. "I think that I need some mothering here. It's just that high school has been hard. The growing up; realizing things about my own sexuality. Hiding it for a long time. Meeting people then by accident and becoming involved in the clubs. Giving myself to Gwen to take my virginity. And all the time wondering if there would ever be a time for me. I always could talk big but was also always scared. I talked big to you, and almost went out of my mind, when you responded with such grace, and calmness and subservience. It opened a new world. It gave me a new perspective. You have, you lovely woman, given me a kind of future that I might have had to blunder into and might never have found at all. I will never forget you for that. I know that I'm going to school and you're off to see what this stuff about your uncle means but even if we're not in touch often, I will never forget it. I love you, I love you, I love you."

Janet was stroking her face with one hand and had the other resting on Julie's panty covered hip.

Julie blinked at Janet then and finished: "That's kind of it but I need to cry about it now, and I just want to be held."

Then she did; Julie began to weep and Janet gathered the taller girl into her arms with her hand across Julie's back and rubbed Julie's back and simply held her. They turned in their attitude a bit and Janet, with an instinct that she never even knew was there, pushed her nipple toward Julie's mouth. The young woman leaned into the nipple and began to suck on it until she finished drifted into sleep.

Janet stirred and found that it was 2:11 AM. She grinned and silently slipped from the bed. The harness for the dildo was lying there. She put it on and slipped back into bed.

She began slowly and quietly with Julie's toes, sucking her toes. Then she kissed the back of Julie's knees, and then traced her way with kisses up Julie's thighs. She rolled Julie onto her back and invaded Julie's ass crack with her tongue and kisses.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 7 - Chapter 9 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 8
Posted: November 10, 2009 - 04:33:19 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

Julie then croaked in a sleepy voice: "What you doin'?"

Janet simply sighed out: "2:15 AM, Mistress."

Julie smiled and said: "2:15 AM, lover."

Janet continued. She moved to Julie's breasts and nipples, getting each nipple hard in the process. Then it was Julie's ear lobes and her lips. Their kisses were long and deep, wet and warm. While kissing her, Janet was also rubbing the dildo along Julie's stomach.

Julie urgently whispered into Janet's ear then: "Ms. Peters, please fuck me!"

"Gladly, Julie!' Janet said and slipped the head of the dildo into Julie's wet pussy.

Janet ran into Robin during the school day on one of those last days. She asked her teacher to come aside for a few moments to talk.

"She really is falling for you, you know."

"Your Mom?"

"Yes," Robin said.

"I'm afraid that I might be feeling the same way," was Janet's return.

"I thought so;" Robin said, smiling. "I also hear that Julie doesn't mind at all."

"She says that I'm entitled to my own type of life, as long as her and my relationship remains; and it does."

Then Robin continued: "The way you two looked in bed together that time; I could certainly tell. You getting together with her soon?"

"Yes," Janet said, "We plan to get together for dinner together tonight. Want to join us? Julie's out of town looking over the state u to get details for their summer soccer program."

"I don't think so," was Robin's answer. I think I'll let you love birds work your thing out together. "By the way," Robin said then, "I've been accepted to Florida State; it's where I want to go."

"Cool," Janet said, hugging the girl.

Robin looked around as the two of them were parting; seeing no one, she reached up and gave Janet a quick kiss on the lips, and patted Janet's ass. Janet responded to the lovely girl in the same way.

"I'll tell mom to dress sexy," Robin said with a grin, "And you do the same," she said to Janet in parting.

Janet smiled and said: "Yes, ma'am, I will."

Janet went to pick up Noel for their dinner date that evening at a little past six o'clock. She waited for her only a few moments, when Noel came out. She was wearing a light colored silk top over a red pleated mini, with red heels.

When Noel got into the car, showing a lot of lovely leg and thigh, Janet simply said: "Wow, girlfriend, you look good enough to eat."

Noel simply grinned at the thought and leaned over for an obviously more than friends kiss.

"Mmm," Noel cooed, "So do you; I see it's pleated skirt night."

Janet's pleated skirt, also short, was a black one with a white top worn over it.

"Yes," Janet said, "You twirl just a little bit and let everyone in on your secrets."

"Ohh, you're so bad." Noel said with a grin. "Robin told me to be sure to dress sexy tonight for our date."

"Date," Janet said, smiling, "Didn't think of it that way but she's probably right."

"She usually is," came Noel's comment.

Then Noel stopped smiling and looking seriously at Janet, said: "I don't know what to think about this seriously. I've never felt so close to another woman before and so quickly."

"I agree," Janet said quietly. Noel continued: "And I know it's partly sexual but not only sexual. I've been hiding for such a long time; it's nice to come out into the air."

Then turning to Janet, she laid her hand on Janet's arm and said: "Especially when you're out here in the air. I just feel so, it's kind of like confident and sexy and ready to do things that a while ago I might not have thought about. Do you understand?"

"Exactly," Janet said, "We kind of feed off of each other, and it is strong and sexy."

"And, "Noel continued, "I want you to tell me what to do; I hope you know that."

"I do," Janet said, "I get so much of a kick out of being told what to do and following orders; it's a new kind of thrill to be, I guess, in charge here."

"In charge," Noel mused, "Yes, that's it; that's what it is. So, what are we in for?"

"Well,"Janet said, "I thought maybe some mall crawling with dinner and maybe a show but we can see about that."

Noel had one more kind of confession to make: "And I need to say that this thing that's building between us, this love that I think is coming and growing doesn't mean that I don't want a ... uh ... you know a cock any more. I hope that doesn't make you angry."

"Angry, hell," Janet said, "I couldn't agree more. I'd love it if you ended up the night in bed with me; but I'd love it even more if we managed to get laid tonight." Then they both giggled and off they went.

They parked farther back in the lot, since the night was lovely and the walk would be nice. They made a very sexy pair walking with their heels and their pleated skirts. They were aware of it also, and walked with swinging hips. As they went up the canopied walk into the mall, there was a small group of adolescents lounging there, skate borders. The girls just swept by.

"Hey, momma," one of the kids said, while the others giggled, after the women had passed, "Nice ass."

Janet stopped and halted Noel with a restraining hand on her arm. "You mean me or her?" Janet asked.

The kid wasn't easily cowed and said: "Both of you, momma."

"Yeah," one of the others with a pimply, pinched face said, "Both of you, why don't you show us your ass?"

Janet said to Noel, in a very low voice: "Turn to face the building."

Noel kind of sucked in air; she knew what Janet was about to do. As soon as Noel had turned Janet took one step towards the boys, who were now ready for flight if things went wrong, after the comment about showing her ass.

But all that Janet did was to grab the hem of Noel's mini and haul it up to her waist, displaying her rounded ass cheeks hidden in a pair of white cotton bikini panties.

"You rock!" was the comment now from the pimply kid.

But the first one who'd spoken wasn't so easily satisfied. He stared at Janet and said to her: "Showing your girlfriend off, momma? Why don't you show us your tits then?"

Then there was silence and no one moved for a half a minute. Janet then quickly unbuckled the belt around the waist of her silk blouse and, to the admiration and surprise of the skate borders hiked up her blouse to show her big tits, hardly even covered by the material of her thin bra.

She turned then and said to Noel: "Come on, girlfriend, let's go to the mall."

They heard the comment: "You rock," again from the skate borders.

As they went into the mall, both of them were giggling.

As they walked, Janet snuggled her mouth up to Noel's ear and said: "I can't believe that you're wearing cotton panties, sweetie."

"I know," Noel wailed back at her, "My underwear selection is a total mess."

Janet then kiss the ear in front of her and said: "Tomorrow we go shopping for panties for you."

"Oh, goodie." Came Noel's comment. They went into the mall then and decided on dinner first. They settled into a booth at the restaurant.

Janet looked over at the approaching waiter and said to Noel, "Wow, look at our waiter." Noel agreed that the kid coming toward them was handsome.

"Spread your legs," Janet told her friend, "Give him a panty show."

Noel did as she was told and the two of them could tell, from the look on the waiter's face that he noticed and liked what he saw.

Before he got to them, Janet said to Noel, "When he comes and stands by the table, reach down and see if you can feel his cock."

This gave Noel a fit of giggles. As the waiter stood finally in front of them, Janet was watching the look on his face, as Noel's hand disappeared beneath the table. She could tell by his stuttering that Noel had reached her goal.

His name was Alex. As he was taking their drink order he moved and stood now by Janet. She reached out and putting her hand on the front of his trousers, found his stiffening cock, where Noel had already played with it. She ordered her wine now, as she rubbed his prick up and down through the material of his pants.

When he left, the two women were giggling to each other about what they'd done. Then he returned with the wine. They were seated on a little balcony in the restaurant, in the last booth.

Alex stood at the table putting down the wine and Janet reached out and got his cock again, which had not gone down all the way. It reacted quickly to her hand, jumping up at attention.

She smiled at him, he was grinning. "Move over a little," She said, "With your back kind of to the room."

Noel's breath caught in her throat as she watched Janet unzip Alex's fly and take out the head of his cock, leaning over to suck on the cock head. She was good at it and applied enough pressure on the under side of the cock head that Alex was soon cumming in her mouth.

Noel was mesmerized by it. Janet licked him clean and said that they were ready to order. Sighing, Alex went to put in their order.

"That was so hot," Noel said.

"Boy am I horny." Janet smiled, "I know; I'm going to call my friend Dave and set you up to get laid. You'll like him."

Noel smiled at her saying: "Whatever you say. But what about you?"

"We're not going to worry about me," Janet said, "We want to get you happy and cared for, besides," she said with a wolfish grin, "I just had Alex."

Janet asked, when they had received their wine, and had settled down. Alex the astonished waiter had wandered away in a totally good mood.

"So, what's up with you girlfriend? I understand that Robin's been accepted at Florida State."

"Yes," Noel said with a wry laugh, "And that asshole father of hers was so anxious for the divorce to get to his new honey that he agreed to pay for all school expenses. I just have to sell the house and settle with him. I'm at loose ends and don't know exactly what to do. I'm taking some time off from the ad agency that I run, so I'm pretty free but you know."

"Yes, I do," Janet said, covering Noel's hand with hers. They chatted during their dinner, leaving Alex a healthy tip, and then went out looking for adventure. After roaming the mall and doing some window shopping for a while they left, using the same entrance.

As they went out the exit Janet leaned over to Noel and said: "Look a few of them are still there."

It was the skate boarders still hanging around the entrance to the mall. As they passed them, the guys, idling with their boards and just watching people indulged in a few kind of cat calls to the women in their short pleated skirts. But Janet and Noel, giggling to themselves, decided to ignore them and just went on.

Janet looked back and said a kind of breathless: "Oh, they're going to follow us."

With that both of the women let out a laugh and set off at a run toward the car. Of course they were running in their high heels and their progress was fairly slow. The guys on their skate boards caught up with them easily and, as the women we hustling toward the car, one of them, the oldest, simply swooped over and took Janet's purse. Janet let out a cry of astonishment and turned to Noel telling her to call 911.

But the skate boarder was right there in front of them. He said: "Hey, momma, don't get them in a twist, I don't want your purse; we only want to negotiate."

The young guys on their skate boards were confronting the two women, as he said this.

"What do you want?" Janet asked, in a voice half way suspicious and half way tinged with fear.

"Well," he said with a big grin, "To start why don't you lift blondie's skirt to her waist and let her give us her panties?"

Janet looked at Noel with a smile on her face and, before Noel could have any adverse kind of reaction, Janet raised Noel's small skirt to her waist, showing the kids her white bikini panties.

"Take them off," Janet said, "Give them to him."

Noel followed the instructions, much to the glee of the kids, who greeted the gesture with comments about Noel's ass and pussy."

The panties were handed over and then Janet said: "Okay, what else?"

Now the leader of the small group was grinning at Janet out right. "Now yours, momma."

Janet looked at him for just a moment and then glanced at Noel. Noel reached over and lifted Janet's skirt to her waist revealing pearl white bikini panties, see through all around."

"Nice ass, nice pussy," now came the comments as Janet skimmed the panties down past the swell of her ass cheeks and off, handing them to the kid.

He gave her a leering smile, as he took the panties from her, handing her back the purse. Then he walked her to the driver's door of the car and held it open for her. The look in his eyes was both intimidating to Janet and also a very stirring thing.

He stood very close, as Janet slid into the car, for just a few seconds, as she struggled into the car, she wouldn't ask him to move away, and she was sure that he wouldn't even if she asked. Her face almost brushed the front of his spandex biker's pants. It was all that she could do to not reach out and kiss his cock through those spandex pants.

He leaned down very close to Janet's face and with a knowing smile said simply: "Come back, bitch."

Janet went pale at the words. It was as though with the words he was possessing her very being. She'd had this feeling before and had gotten used to giving in to it and letting it sweep her away.

Noel was watching her reaction. "My," she cooed to Janet, "You really had a reaction to him."

"Jees, yes," Janet sighed, "He could probably make me do just about anything."

Dave had just gotten off work and was ready for them when they arrived. He was waiting in the parking lot.

As they pulled up, Noel was impressed, "That's Dave?" she said with a little astonishment.

"Yes," Janet replied, "Gorgeous, really nice guy and a lovely, lovely cock."

"Ohhh," Noel enthused, "Janet, love, I'm going to owe you big time for this. But really," she looked at Janet, "What about you? This hardly seems fair."

"Fair," Janet laughed, as she leaned over and planted a wet kiss on Noel's open mouth, "I'm going back to the mall parking lot. Now that's fair."

"You're such a hussy," Noel said then grinning.

"Takes one to know one," was Janet's immediate reply with another kiss. Then Dave was outside the window of their car rapping on the window.

"Hey" he said with mock seriousness, "Have you come to see me or to make out with one another?"

"Dave!' Janet yelled, and then she was out of the car and in his arms. "Dave, Dave, my sweet Dave."

They hugged and Dave ran his hands down Janet's back, as he kissed her. "Hey," he said in a soft voice, "No panties tonight?"

"Nope," Janet said, "Lost them; it's a long story. Noel can tell you. By the way, my sweet one, this is my girlfriend Noel, Noel this is Dave."

Noel didn't know quite how to respond but Dave took care of that, gathering her into his arms for a huge hug. "A friend of Janet, a friend of mine, and beautiful too," he concluded, making Noel blush.

"I need to meet someone, love," Janet said, "I want you to take good care of Noel, and bring her back to my house, when your all finished and tired."

"I will be on my best behavior," he said gallantly.

"Gee," Noel broke in, "I hope not."

They all got a laugh from this and Dave walked Noel to his car; as they walked his hand slid down to her ass and squeezed. "No panties either," he said, "What have you two been up to?"

Janet drove back to the mall parking lot with a great deal of tension and apprehension. She knew she'd get there just after the place had closed. She didn't know if he 'd be there or not.

She was at least honest enough with herself to know that she wanted him to be there. Entering the huge parking lot at the same point as before, she drove by the entrance, where some people were still coming out. She was disappointed to not see him lurking at the entrance as before. Then she drove back to the far back of the lot, near where she and Noel had parked before.

It was then that she saw him setting on a bench, situated in the grass just off the parking lot. This mall was at the edge of town and had a belt of trees, pretty thick around it. She pulled in, knowing that he'd seen her. In her rear view mirror she watched him approach; the skate board was now gone.She didn't move but only waited. She realized that from now on tonight it was his game.

He opened the door and greeted her with a kind of cheer that made her look up: "Hi! How's my bare assed babe?"

"Fine," she managed quietly, the wave of longing, that longing to do dirty things at someone else's behest was settling in on her, causing her breathing to increase already.

He leaned down to her then and face to face with her asked quietly: "Why did you come back?"

Janet said nothing, wasn't sure what to say. He resolved it quickly, at the same time pushing the situation far, far forward, by slapping her face.

She quickly looked up at him with tears now in her eyes. "Answer me, cunt, when I talk to you. I said 'why did you come back?' And don't dare lie to me about anything at all ever or I'll take the ass right off of you. Do you understand?"

He had grabbed her face as he said this and pinched her cheeks making them hurt.

She was quick to answer this time: "Yes, I understand; I'm sorry for not speaking. I ... uh ... I came back because you excited me..."

"And?" he prompted.

"And," she was staring up at him as she said this, "I wanted to see what you would do; uh ... what you would make me do."

"You like that, do you? Being made to do things?"

She lowered her eyes for her answer, which was: "Yes, I do."

"Look at me, when I'm speaking to you;" he demanded.

She shot her eyes up to him, not wanting to be slapped again.

"What do you do for a living?"

"I'm a chemistry teacher at the north side high school."

"Ah, a teacher," he said with a certain dirty glee. "And have you ever sucked off any of your students?"

Again there was no hesitation as she answered: "Yes, I have."

"Ooo," he said with the same dirty glee, "Do tell."

She told him briefly the story of the gang fuck with her hooded and then revealed to her students and then the guys hustling her out of school and stripping her to put her into the car trunk for the barn party. She included the details of the dog she sucked off and them hanging her to beat her; her rescue and the subsequent session with the girls!

"My, my, teach," he said with false conviction, "You seem to be quite a hog; now don't you?"

"Yes," she said quickly but it wasn't enough.

His hand lashed out and slapped her again. "Answer me in full sentences; use the words; do you fucking understand?"

"Yes, sir, I understand; and yes, I am quite a hog."

"Oh, good," he exulted, "I know what to do with hogs; but don't take my word for it; I'll show you. Now lean your head back; open your mouth and keep your eyes open."

She did as she was told, watching him almost fearfully. She had no idea what was coming next but even those suppositions she might have had didn't prepare her.

He leaned his head down to her and didn't kiss her, as she expected he might; instead he spit right into her mouth.

She started and groaned.

"Don't move," he ordered and she didn't. "Swallow," was his next order and she did. "Did you like that?" he asked, "Truth!"

"No," she confided I a very tiny and scared voice, "I didn't like it."

"Good," he said smiling, "Then ask me to do it again."

She saw him raise his hand for the slap and hastened to do as she was told: "Please, sir, please spit in my mouth again. Your servant might be a teacher but she is also a hog and needs to be treated like one."

This made him laugh. "You are so right," he intoned, as he spit into her open mouth twice more, making her swallow again.

"Now tell me exactly what you were thinking when you left a while ago and I was standing here as you got into your car."

She looked at him and said: "I was tempted to put my mouth on your cock at the front of your pants."

"Do it," he said, and she leaned into his spandex covered cock and encircled it with her lips, liking the size of it.

"You are a cock sucker," he said lightly to her.

"Yes," she said in a muzzled voice, speaking with her mouth still on his cock. "Yes, I'm a cock sucker."

"When was the last time you had a cock in your mouth? Truth!"

"At dinner tonight," she told him with some difficulty, since she was still 'mouthing' his cock through the spandex pants."

"Where?" was his next demand and she leaned back far enough to tell the story of Alex the waiter.

"Far out," he laughed, "You get points for brass ones with that. A dedicated cock sucker; I like that," he chuckled. "Then let's start our party with that." he ordered.

"Yes, sir," was her compliance, and then he stood and waited.

Soon he said harshly, "Come on, the cock sucker does all the work; pull my pants down, cunt."

"Sorry, sir," she mumbled and her hands went to the waist band of his spandex bike shorts pulling them down past his knees, and freeing a nice sized cock. She kiss the head of it as it bobbed into view.

He grabbed Janet by the head and said, as he slid his prick into her mouth: "Keep your mouth open wide, I'm going to fuck your face."

She was obedient and opened her mouth wide to receive him. He started thrusting his hips forward, pushing the cock deeper into her mouth with each thrust.

"So," he said with a chuckle, "The guys just grabbed you from school, took you out to your car, stripped you and put you into the trunk?"

Her answer was 'yes, sir', but it came out sounding like 'iouawaas swor' because of his cock in her mouth.

"And they all fucked you? Fucked their teacher?"

'iouawaas swor' Between the questions, as he fucked her mouth, he would reach down and pinch her nostrils together to keep her from breathing, since his cock was now at the entrance of her throat. She gagged and made a kind of "ooommph" sound in her throat that caused him to laugh.

"Don't like that do you?" he asked.

"nwoo swor," was her answer now. It tickled him.

"Teacher," he said, "You are great entertainment."

"Thwank woo, swor," came the answer to this one.

"And you sucked off a dog because they told you to?"

'iouawaas swor'

"And the girls had you next?"

'iouawaas swor' He was pistoning his hips now quickly and holding onto her ears. Janet was slobbering down her chin and her nose was running, when he finally came. He filled her mouth and throat with his cum, causing her to choke just a little bit.

When he'd finished, he held her head to his stomach for a moment before letting her go. Then he stepped away and producing the panties that she'd given him before, he wiped her face with them. He told her to stand up then.

"It's time, cunt," he growled at her, assured now in his dominance over her. "It's time. Ask me nicely to fuck your hot cunt; do it!"

He raised his hand to slap her but she hurried in her compliance: "Oh, please, sir, please, I'm begging now, fuck me; fuck my hot cunt; I'll do anything you say, everything you say, just fuck me now."

"Listen to the hot bitch beg," he laughed and spun her around so that her hands were now resting on the back of the driver's seat. In no time he had his cock buried in her pussy with her sighing and cooing now and with him grunting with the effort. Nor did he last long, cumming copiously, when he was done.

He leaned over her back to say into her ear, when he was quite finished, "Now turn around, kneel and clean my cock with your mouth."

"Yes, of course," she replied and went to her knees in front of him, gently taking his shrinking cock into her mouth and giving it a tongue bath.She sucked him clean and then looked up at him.

"Time to go for a walk," he said to her. "Put your purse in the trunk; take off your chain and rings, and give me the keys but bring your phone."

"Yes, sir," Was her reply and they walked toward the berm of trees that was nearby.

When they crossed the curb and were walking across the grass towards the trees in the early darkening evening, he stopped her and said to her: "Time to take off your skirt; give it to me."

Janet didn't hesitate; he was in charge now and she knew it. She unbuttoned the pleated skirt and let it fall down her legs; she handed it to him and stood there wearing her blouse, bra and shoes.

The transformation now brought out for her the dirtiness of her situation, allowing this guy to make her do such things. She felt a little thrill that sent goose bumps up and down her arms and legs. They walked on a few paces and this time he stopped her and demanded her blouse and bra, she shed these things also, and was now totally naked but for her shoes.

He looked at her and considered for a moment and then asked for her shoes too. The clothes he then piled in a neat pile and told her to proceed down a path under the trees. Janet was now totally, completely naked for him.

"How does it feel, slut?" he wanted to know.

"Exciting," was her simple reply. "You are such a cunt; you love this don't you?"

"Yes, sir, I do;" came her reply.

When they were under the trees, he stopped her and told her to tell him where he'd already fuck her.

She knew what he wanted and proceeded to give account of what had gone on: "You fucked my mouth and throat, when I was still sitting in the car; then you fucked my pussy..."

He slapped her face then and leaned in and shouted into her face the word 'cunt!' "Say it," he hollered at her.

"Then you fucked my cunt, when I got out of the car. Thank you for asking, sir."

"You're welcome, whore," he answered. "Now what hole is left, bitch?"

"My asshole," she said to him simply, using the word that he knew he wanted to hear her say.

"Right in one," he said leering. "Now you get on your knees, like a good cock sucker and ask me real nice if you can get my cock wet with your prick eating mouth so that I can put it into your asshole."

Janet sank to her knees and looking up at him pleaded with him: "Please, sir; you've treated this cunt so well up to now; will you please continue and let me wet your lovely big prick with my cock sucker's mouth so that you can put it into my asshole? Won't you please?"

On an impulse she lowered her head and licked the tops of his shoes, running her tongue all over the tops of his shoes and making throat noises for him.

He was impressed with the sight of this lovely mature woman, now completely naked and groveling at his feet, licking his shoes.

"You are a sight," he said laughing, "a high school teacher licking my shoes. You were so snooty and smart with your blond friend going into the mall, and look at you now: naked, on the ground on all fours with your ass in the air and your big tits swinging down, like some fucking cow that wants to be serviced. Is that what you are?"

He was getting into a kind of rage now, and reached out to pull a branch from the nearby bush. Then he continued but now with every word he slashed Janet's naked ass with the branch.

"Are you a cow? Not a teacher at all but a fucking cow!"

"Yes, yes," she agreed.

He hit her even harder with the branch causing welts on her naked ass and also causing her to yip loudly with each blow.

But Janet was as much into this sexual fugue as he was and she agreed with him loudly: "Yes, I am your cow; not a teacher at all but your cow; please fuck your cow in the ass; beat my ass but please fuck it then."

"If you are my fucking cow," he yelled into her upturned face, "Then moo for me; moo for me and I'll fuck your ass like you want."

There was excitement, more excitement for her even in this latest humiliation. Looking up at him, as the branch slammed down on her ass again, she let out a long mournful 'moo'.

He laughed like a madman at her sound. Dropping the branch he went to his knees, and grabbed her by the hips plunging his cock into her pussy, eliciting a loud grunt from Janet.

"Now let's get my cock wet and then we fuck the cow's ass. Moo you son of a bitch!"

The last he bellowed at her and bit her neck as he yelled it. Again Janet was 'mooing' for him and continued as now he slipped his wet cock from her pussy and buried it in her asshole. Despite the initial pain, this all pushed her far over her edge and she collapsed in a groaning heap in her orgasm with him cumming in her ass too. They rested for a moment and then he was ready for more games.

"Here's what we'll play now. The cow's been fucked, mouth, pussy and ass, and now the cow gets to pay for the pleasure. What will it be belt or hand?"

"Hand," she said trying to get ready for the beating that was coming.

"Belt it is," he laughed and hauled his belt off of his waist getting ready to use it on her. Then he started lashing at her ass, thighs and sides with the belt, letting it curl around and whip her nipples. She was crying now and in real pain.

He stopped long enough to say: "Here's what we'll do with the cow next. Take your phone and call a friend; then tell the friend what we've done and what we're doing. Do it right now or I'll beat the shit out of you."
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 9 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 8 - Chapter 10 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 9
Posted: November 11, 2009 - 08:05:50 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Janet took the phone and called the private number that Lawrence Soltis had given her. She knew it well because they were in touch so much during the divorce stuff.

He answered immediately. Janet hesitated just a few seconds, enough for the belt to fall on her aching ass again. Then she kind of grunted with the pain and explained to Lawrence Soltis that she was sorry to bother him but had met this guy, and, at his invitation, had come back to the mall to find him, and that he was presently beating her with a belt and wanted her to call and tell a friend that he was doing it.

"Ah, I see," came the rather calm reply. Then he continued: "Put me on the speaker phone."

Janet did so. Then they both heard Lawrence's voice saying "Good evening, young man. I guess you're there with a friend of mine in an interesting circumstance."

"Yah, interesting," the kid wise cracked, "if you call fucking her brains out interesting."

"Well," Lawrence continued, "Yes, I believe I would. Now I want you to answer a few questions for me and then follow some instructions but first let's talk about consequences."

"Consequences," the kid said, "What do you mean?"

"What I mean, uh, your name is?"

"Sammie," said the kid.

"Well, what I mean is that if you do what I tell you to do, you will come out of this much better off than before."

"And if I don't?" came the semi snotty reply.

"If you don't, it's simple;" Lawrence said, "Then we come to the consequences; if you don't then a good friend of mine, named Alfie Douglas, who is here with me now; I've called him, you see; my friend Alfie Douglas will find you and will do me the favor of breaking your right arm, your left arm, your right leg, your left leg and one knee cap. To show that I'm a sport I'm going to let you choose the knee cap. Which one will it be? Please tell me. Alfie will be leaving right away."

"Wait, wait!" came the panicked voice of the kid now. "I didn't say that I wouldn't cooperate."

"Fine," Lawrence continued, "Answer my questions and then follow my instructions and we're going to be fine. First, what is Janet wearing?"

"She's bare assed naked!" came the proud reply.

"Naked, hmm," Lawrence considered, "Good for you; shows you appreciate beauty. Next, have you fucked her?"

"Yah," he bragged again, "Her mouth and throat, her pussy and her ass. Just ask her."

"I don't need to," Lawrence replied, "I'm asking you. Now, do you have her clothes, her hand bag and everything there with you?"

"Yes, everything." "Fine, now the instructions. Take her clothes and purse and put them in her car, in the back seat. Put her into the trunk. Make her very, very comfortable but still naked; do you understand that? I want her naked, when she gets here."

"Yes," came the somewhat tame reply of the kid now. "In the trunk give her, her cell phone. I will call her on her cell phone to make sure you're doing exactly what I want. When you get her here, you get your reward and I get my naked friend. Now do you have any questions?"

"No," came Sammie's answer. "Do you want to go ahead and choose a knee cap now?" Lawrence asked matter-of-factly.

"Uh, no, uh, I don't think that will be necessary."

"Good," Lawrence said, "Then here's where you will bring her. It's quite near by. As a matter of fact, I imagine that Alfie Douglas will be there before you're able to pull out with her in the trunk. He will only act if you hesitate at all. Understand?"

"Sure," the kid said but Lawrence cut him off with: "It's 'Yes, Mr. Soltis', now say it."

And he did repeating it exactly.

"I'm going to stay on this line until you have my friend placed comfortably in the trunk of her car. Now go and do it."

Lawrence gave Sammie instructions about where to take Janet, as they moved to the car. Sammie looked around and did see a car on the far side of the lot but had no idea if it was that Alfie Douglas or not. He got Janet into the trunk comfortably and gave her the cell phone. Then he got in and began to drive her to her destination.

When she was in the trunk, Lawrence asked her: "Janet, love, are you okay?"

"Oh, yes, sir," she said. "I really appreciate this."

"It's no problem; after all I'm in your debt for the lovely gift of your panties the last time you visited with me in my office. This time will be more relaxing, I'm sure."

They chatted all the while Sammie was taking her to Lawrence's house. When Sammie got there, one of the garage bays was open, as Lawrence said it would be. Sammie pulled into the garage.

He got out of the car and went to the trunk. Lawrence was there to meet him. Almost as soon as he got out of the car, another rather big man came up too, Alfie Douglas. Lawrence told Sammie not to bother with the trunk; he'd seen as much of Janet as he was going to.

Lawrence look at Sammie and said to him: "You owe her a debt of gratitude, young man. My intention was to have Alfie here take you out, strip you naked and make sure that before he left you, you were beaten, burned, and fucked by numerous people. It was Janet who convinced me that you were only doing what she indeed wanted. You have avoided, thanks to her, a very, very unpleasant night. Now here's $100 for your trouble. Alfie will take you back to the mall. Go now."

Alfie took the nervous Sammie by the arm and propelled him to his car.

Then Lawrence went to the trunk and popped it, helping the naked Janet out of the trunk. He held out a shimmering pearl white silk robe for her to put on. It fit her wonderfully, showing, through its transparency, Janet's nipples and pussy hair.

When she had it on, Lawrence bent and kiss her lightly saying: "Absolutely lovely!"

"Thank you, sir," she answered him, clinging to him and now sobbing.

"It's okay," he whispered to her, "It's over."

"It was lovely and frightening," she responded.

"Yes, yes," he soothed, "You will have time now to tell me all about it and answer my questions. But first a shower to wash him off of you and then a soak in a deep bath to relax. Come with me."

He settled her down, after her shower, in a deep, deep jacuzzi tub. The warm water was luxurious after the strenuous evening that she had had. He sat on the edge of the tub across from her wearing a robe.

"Now that you've relaxed a bit, my beauty," he said to her, "Tell me the story of how you came to be having such entertainment tonight."

"The story?" she said. She began to tell the story, began it with the part about her frustrating life with Jimmie. She continued her narrative, only broken by moving across the massive tub to be next to him. It was a contrast but she like now his gentleness; it was turning her on. She reached between his legs and took hold of his stiffening prick, as she continued her story: the train ride, the balcony, Joe and Melissa, Samantha and Clifford and Dave, her students, boys and girls, and he recent special friendship with Noel. She gave him all the dirty details that he wanted. Then she leaned her head in and took his now stiff prick in her mouth. She sucked him for just a little before he told her that he didn't want to cum in her mouth but in her ass. Joining her in the tub, he turned her over so that he could approach her from the back and began to fuck her ass, with great gusto. Once he'd cum in her ass, and slipped out, she took him into her mouth and cleaned him.

"I need a telephone," she told him, "I need to check on a friend."

She called and Dave answered. He seemed very cheerful. When she asked about Noel, Dave told her that Noel couldn't talk right then because she had her mouth full. In the back ground, Janet cold hear some grunting noises from Noel. She laughed, thanked Dave and hung up.

As they sat by the tub after he'd fucked her, Lawrence asked her if she was going back to the guy at the mall. She thought just a little bit and said: "Yes, probably. He was really, really exciting, you see." "Yes, I do." he smiled. "Well, I'll let you get dressed and have you taken back to your car." She rested at home that night and slept deeply.

The next day was a free day, with the last day of school actually a few days away. She and Noel met for lunch and shopping, It was, by mutual consent, a tight jeans and t shirt day. They sat giggling over lunch and comparing notes about the previous night. Noel was ecstatic about her time with Dave the previous night. She gushed about him and about finally getting fucked the way she wanted to.

"I guess you also got a mouth full of his cock," Janet smiled, "At least you had, when I called on the phone to check up on you."

"Yes," Noel said enthusiastically, "that was almost the most fun of all."

She looked around and leaned toward Janet to admit to her that she really, really like sucking cock and having a big one in her mouth.

Janet grinned at her friend, "Hmmm," she cooed, "Me too; me too."

"But what about you last night? Were you successful in finding our friend?"

"Successful?" Janet mused, "Yes, I guess so; let me tell you."

Then she went through the evening that she'd had with the skateboard guy in great detail and the 'rescue' by Lawrence Soltis, who cleaned her up and then fucked her in the ass.

"Wow!" was Noel's comment. "Tell me," she continued, "Are you going to go back to find him?"

Janet smiled at Noel, "No, but maybe the two of us will."

"Ohhhhhhhh dear!" was Noel's comment.

"But come on, girl friend," Janet said, "It time for us to buy some panties for you."

Then Janet thought a moment and said to Noel: "You're not wearing cotton panties again, are you?"

Noel looked stricken and said: "Well, uh, yes, I am; it's what was there first, when I opened the drawer."

"Oops," Janet said, "This could be rough for you." She smiled, when she said it. Noel just stared.

It was Janet's idea to take Noel to Samantha's and Clifford for panties. She was looking forward to watching Noel go through the same process with Clifford. They got to Sam's store and Janet sent word to Clifford via one of the other attendants that she was here with a friend. He came to greet them rather quickly and was very cordial in his greeting.

Janet was bowled over by his presence all over again, and greeted him, much to Noel's consternation, by kissing his hand. Clifford smiled broadly for Janet and then stuck his hand out to Noel, whom Janet introduced.

Noel was confused and at first shook Clifford's hand and then actually bent her head and kissed the back of Clifford's hand too.

Clifford beamed at them and said: "How about that; two of you, both gorgeous, both sexy and both very, very polite. I like that."

Janet was quick with a 'Thank you, sir.'

"So, little one," Clifford said to Janet, to what do I owe the privilege of your visit today?"

Janet smiled, and said: "Uh ... Clifford, sir, it's my girlfriend Noel here; uh ... you see, she really needs help purchasing panties."

"Ahhh," Clifford smiled over at Noel. "Then you've come to the right place. Come; we'll go to my studio."

He went into the back of the store and Janet followed him, as did Noel. When they entered his 'studio' after him, they were immediately met by a loud squeak. The source of the squeak was a middle aged lady who was standing on a kind of pedestal wearing only a pair of frothy pink panties. The panties, making her look both lovely and sexy, were cut at mid stomach with a rather full seat for a generous ass. The woman stood now without saying a word but she had her hands clutched over her bare breasts, which were somewhat pendulous but still full and round.

Before she could utter another word, Clifford, using a tone with which Janet was familiar, said to her, almost shouting but not quite, "Martha, what do you think you're doing? Put your hands down this instant. We're not quite done with you."

Martha got a strange look on her face, one that Janet would have recognized immediately had she ever saw her own face in a mirror, when dealing with Clifford; but then she lowered her arms, showing her large tits.

"Better," Clifford said. Then he continued: "But the style suits you, don't you think?"

Martha gave an embarrassed but nevertheless enthusiastic "Yes, I think it does."

"Good," Clifford continued, "Then just take them off and we'll provide you with the colors that you need."

Now Martha's face got really, really red with her blushing but she did not disobey Clifford. She slipped her thumbs into the waist band of her panties and pulled them down past her hips and ass and off, leaving her naked but for her heels. Clifford let her stand there that way, as he took the panties and put them on a side table.

Then he addressed himself to Janet and Noel, saying: "Isn't she just gorgeous?"

They both agreed enthusiastically.

"It's just what a mature woman should look like," he continued enthusiastically. "Come here and see," he said to them, and they did as he bid, coming closer to the naked woman.

"Martha," he then said, "Put your hands on the back of your head, so that I can properly show you off."

Martha now did as she was told with no hesitance. Clifford turned to Janet and said: "She has wonderful nipples; try them; pinch them. They're lovely."

Janet approached the woman now and reached up and took one of her large, dark nipples in her hand, pinching gingerly. This brought a moan from Martha, and prompted Janet to pinch even harder. The moan was louder now.

"Here," Clifford said to Noel, "Feel how lovely and silky she is here on her lower belly."

Noel allowed her hand to be guided to the region just above Martha's pubic hair and stroked the belly and then Martha's pussy. This had Martha now shaking as well as groaning from the attention from Janet.

"A really hot number is our Martha," Clifford intoned.

Then turning to the naked woman, he said: "Come, my pet, let's get you dressed. Corrie will have your panties for you out front."

With a grin to Janet and Noel, he led the lovely mature woman away. 'Wow!' was all that Noel could manage, when the two of them left the 'studio.'

"Wait until it's your turn," Janet said to her with a smile.

Clifford was soon back. Smiling, especially now at Noel, he asked: "Okay, lovelies, how can I help you?"

Janet, speaking to him in a very polite fashion, said: "Well, sir, it's ... uh ... it's our Noel here; she really needs underwear; and I told her that there's no better place."

"Fine," Clifford said in a very clipped and business like fashion.

Then indicating the raised platform, he told Noel to get up there on it. She climbed up and was now looking distinctly nervous, whereas Janet was smiling a kind of smirking smile.

"Okay, my dove," Clifford began, "We can't help you, if we can't see what we're working with or against."

Noel looked at him with a kind of pleading look, which he ignored.

"Take off your clothes," he ordered and let's get a look at you."

Noel hesitated only a second or two but enough for Clifford to give her a stout swat to her ass. This made her jump and also put her into action, unbuttoning her blouse and shedding it into Janet's hands, then her bra and her skirt. She didn't wait for any other instructions.

"What!" was the grief stricken cry that came from Clifford, when Noel was finally in her shoes and panties. The panties were an off pink color, they were cotton and had a small rip at the waist band. Clifford scowled and swatted Noel's ass again. He grabbed her by the hand and dragged her from the pedestal.

"Come with me." He was out the door in a flash, tugging the hesitant woman behind him, with Janet trailing them.

They entered a doorway and Noel was chagrined to find there a woman and two very young men. Their eyes were on her immediately.

"Look at this," Clifford almost wailed, pointing to Noel's panties with their rip in the waist seam. "Just look."

Noel was totally red in the face now. The two young men were grinning, as was Janet, and the woman, who was introduced quickly at Samantha, whose shop it was, simply took a nearby pair of scissors and cut away at the panties until they lay on the floor in a puddle of pinkish color.

"Never, ever come here in such disarray again," she said somewhat severely. "And you such a lovely, lovely woman."

Turning to Clifford she said: "Take care of her dear."

With that Clifford tugged her by the arm and they were out in the back corridor again. Janet went hastily to Samantha and kissed her on the cheek and then rushed to follow Clifford and Noel.

Janet entered Clifford's studio again and found the two of them there. Clifford was looking around and seemed to be glad to see Janet.

"Get up there," he ordered.

Now it was Janet's turn to be wide eyed. She hadn't intended for any of the attention to be on her today but she knew better than not do what Clifford told her to.

"Strip and show her what a lovely woman is supposed to look like. Strip!" he ordered her.

Janet was quick with her clothes. This time handing them to a smiling Noel. She was soon down to her panties and heels. She was wearing a lovely pair of peach bikinis with lace trim that were extremely flattering.

"Come and see," Clifford ordered Noel, who did as she was told, coming up to Janet's almost naked body and running her hands across the plane of Janet's belly and down over the front of her pubic mound. Then taking the liberty that a smiling Clifford was allowing, she ran her hands back up across Janet's bulging ass cheeks.

"That's what we like." Clifford said and hauled Noel back up onto the pedestal. Janet went for her clothes but was stopped short by Clifford who ordered her to stay as she was. Clifford proceeded to do the necessary measurements for Noel's panties and soon had her outfitted in a pair of shining blue bikinis that were extremely flattering. Then he hauled her off again to Samantha to show, taking the nearly naked Janet in tow. Samantha was still instructing the two young men, who were now all smiles seeing the two nearly naked women. Samantha was please with Clifford's work and he took his charges back to his studio.

Clifford told Noel to dress, and that her purchases, 10 pair with matching bras, would be at the desk in the store but also told her to come right back here.

When she'd gone, Janet went to him and knelt before him. "Thank you so much, sir, for helping," she said.

"Is she a lover?" Clifford wanted to know.

"Yes, she is," was Janet's honest reply. "Will you please let me thank you properly?" Janet asked.

"Yes, little one," he said. "Kneel and no hands; when she comes back, she can take your place but I want you to take that board over on the table and beat her ass, while she sucks me off."

"With pleasure," Janet said with a smile and bent her head to receive his already stiff cock. She forced her head down on the length of his shaft, making sucking noises but also gagging noises, which she knew that men liked to hear, in the process. She was busy sucking on his cock, when the door opened and a hesitant Noel came back into the room.

Janet motioned for her to come over to where she knelt, and then placed Noel in the spot kneeling where she was. Noel eagerly began to suck Clifford's cock in the same way that Janet had but not with so much noise.

Janet made a mental note to tell her about that. Then Janet got the piece of board and hiking Noel's skirt up and tucking it in her skirt's waist band, began to slap Noel's ass with the board. The sound of the splats from the board carried throughout the room, matched by the throat groans from Noel as she increased her efforts at cock sucking during the spanking.

Clifford grabbed a hunk of Noel's hair and held her head solidly in place, as he came in a few moments.

"Don't swallow," he ordered. When he'd finished, Noel simply sat back on her heels and waited for what she'd be told to do next.

"Stand and share it with Janet," Clifford said.

Noel did as he said. She rose and, with her skirt still tucked up in the waist band, and with Janet still wearing only panties, kissed her almost naked female lover, letting the cum slip from her mouth to Janet's and back. Then Noel finished by licking Janet's lips and teeth for her.

Clifford was smiling as he watched them. "Incredible, both of you," he said. "But I have to get back to work."

With a lingering kiss, Janet bid him 'farewell' and kissed his hand in parting. Noel too gave him a kiss and kissed his hand in parting.

Both 'girls' were impressed by the session with Clifford, but Janet was sure that Noel would be. They spent some time having a 'giggly' dinner afterwards. Then it was Janet's idea to go to the mall.

They strutted and looked and shopped and were looked at during their time at the mall.

Finally, Janet said: "Let's go and see if we can find him."

Noel's response was a happy: "Sure, if you think so."

"Well," Janet replied, "I really owe him an apology."

They went to the car and drove over to the lot on the other side of the mall, where Janet had met him before. And they did find him. He was alone again; just sitting on the stone bench in the grass area off of the lot smoking. They parked right toward the end of the lot and got out to talk to him.

He looked really, really angry, when he saw the two women.

Before he could say anything, however, Janet began softly with: "Look, I really owe you an apology. It was the number that came to my mind; I had no idea that he'd react that way."

"Fucking bitch!" He growled.

"Yes, you're right," she said.

And this really did disarm him. She could tell by the look on his face. "We'd like to make it up to you," she concluded quietly.

"How," was his next question, shot at her.

"Well," Janet replied, with a quick glance at Noel, "We're here to tell you that we'll do anything you tell us to do?"

"Hmm," came his answer, "Anything?"

"Yes, sir," was Janet's quick reply.

"What's the matter," he asked, "Cat got her tongue?"

"I answer for her, sir." Janet said, "She does what I tell her to do."

"Does she now?" he asked with a smile.

"Yes, sir, she does."

"Good," was his reply now, "Tell her to do something."

Janet looked around and saw an elderly man crossing the lot to his car.

She said to Noel: "Go over to him and tell him that you've lost a bet and need to have a stranger autograph your panties. Take this pen and get his autograph."

Noel took the marker pen with no complaint and set off across the lot towards the older man. Both the guy and Janet watched as Noel reached him and spoke to him. They saw that he was hesitant until Noel pulled her skirt up to her waist and presented him with her panties. Then he signed the panties across Noel's stomach. Noel gave him a quick kiss in thanks and then returned to the other two, as the man drove off.

"Very nice," he now said "Very convincing. So, you're the one in charge here." He said this indicating Janet.

Her answer was a simple "yes." Noel said nothing at all.

"Good," he said, "Then I guess we get to show you who's actually in charge; don't we?"

Her answer was a quick: "Yes, sir; we do."

"Here's the way it will be," he continued. "You strip naked."

Then turning to Noel who was looking at him with a question in her eyes, he said: "No, not you; you can keep your clothes on for now. Just the bitch gets to strip."

Janet felt a flash of heat. She was always surprised at how quickly the heat of these situations would overtake her. She began to get wet between her thighs and could feel her nipples harden and crinkle up, as she proceeded to follow directions and began to remove her clothes. Soon enough she stood wearing only her panties and shoes. Noel held the rest of her clothes for her. Janet look at him with a question on her face now.

"No," he said calmly, "You I want totally naked: no panties, no shoes, nothing on at all."

"Yes, sir," Janet said now with a faint smile as she slipped her panties down past her hips, ass and thighs, and over her feet and off, standing in front of him totally naked now.

"Next," he continued his instructions, "Put your hands behind your head."

Janet complied with this latest order. It had the effect of raising her large tits and making them stick out.

"Now take this," he indicated to Noel, who held Janet's clothes, giving her his belt. "Loop it around her neck, like a dog chain."

Noel did this and had Janet as though she were on a short dog leash. "What do you think now, the one who is in charge?" he spit out at Janet.

"I think, sir, that this is really, really exciting." she said quietly.

"I'd have you led off like a dog," he grinned, "If it weren't for the parking lot."

"But there's grass here," was Janet's comment.

He smiled and motioned for her to get down and Noel led Janet toward the edge of the grass with Janet on her hands and knees being led like a dog.

He walked behind and periodically slapped Janet's ass to keep her moving, causing her to squeak with surprise. They moved across the parking lot, with Janet walking now, toward their car.

They surprised one elderly couple who were walking to their car and caused the woman to squeal in surprise, and hustle her husband to their car.

He took the keys and ordered the women into the back seat, with Noel sitting on the seat and Janet on the floor in front of her. He also told Janet that she'd better have her head in Noel's crotch during the whole ride or he'd raise hell.

The look on Noel's face was one of concern over the way that things were developing but Janet sent her a look that was trying to reassure her. Noel smiled.

He took them to a dark district near the slums but not quite there and surprised them with the key to a large warehouse type of building. He led them through several rooms until he brought them into a room with gym equipment.

"Now you," he said pointing at the naked Janet, "Lean over this railing."

Janet did as she was told, draping herself over the rail that he indicated. It had the effect of sticking her lovely, round ass out. He took the belt from around Janet's neck and gave it to Noel.

He said to Noel: "Now you get to even the score! You get to beat her ass until she cries and blubbers."

Noel simply shook her head 'no'. She also started to cry. But she said that she wouldn't beat Janet. This prompted Janet to get up from her position over the bar and take Noel into her arms to comfort her.

He was completely non-plussed by this. He thought a moment and said, with a grin, "Okay, then you get to join her. You're her servant, right?"

Noel acknowledged that she was.

"Then show me," he continued, "that you are. I want you out of your clothes immediately."

Noel started to strip as soon as he said this and reduced herself quickly to total nakedness, like Janet.

"Now," he was grinning at her, "Servant, kneel down behind her and I want to watch you lick her ass; I want you to stick your tongue into her ass and into her asshole as far as you possibly can. But first ask her permission. A good slave does only what they are allowed to do, so ask her permission."

Noel didn't hesitate now but bent to the task he gave her. She knelt behind Janet, facing her ass; she laid her cheek against Janet's naked ass and spoke to her as he grinned. "Janet, darling, mistress, he wants me to ask your permission here. And I don't mind; if it would help, I'd even beg. Yes, beg to be allowed to kiss your lovely ass, and do the slave's task of putting my tongue between the cheeks of your ass and rimming and making love to your ass and your asshole. I know it sounds strange but you are the loveliest thing that has happened to me in such a long time. I don't know a better way to tell you how much I love you. And I don't care if he's listening."

Janet's response was very quiet: "Yes, girlfriend," she said, "Of course, yes."

Noel then pried Janet's ass cheeks apart with her hands and buried her face in Janet's ass. She made humming and slurping noises as she proceeded. And she quickly had Janet moaning and groaning from the tongue lashing to her asshole that she was taking.

He stepped up and said with a grin: "Now we show what the true pecking order is."

With that he stood in front of Janet and pulled out his cock, forcing it into Janet's open mouth. He fucked her willing mouth, as Noel continued to slurp and lick at her asshole. He stopped Noel after a while and told the two of them to kiss. They did, completely: open mouthed and tongues. Janet proceeded to lick from Noel's face the wetness from her own ass.

"Okay, girls;" he said to them cheerfully, "Let's move on to what's next. I want the two of you to get into a 69 position and eat each other out."

They did as he wished. He spread a kind of mat on the floor for them and Janet got on the bottom with Noel nestled above her. Noel's face was on the level with Janet's pussy and Janet's face was on a level with Noel's pussy. With no hesitation they began to eat each other, loudly and with passion.

He then stepped in with his cock out and pushed it into Noel's pussy along with Janet's tongue. Janet was now tonguing both Noel's pussy and the length of his cock. They were all three of them humming and making noises now.

He eased out of Noel's pussy and then with a quick thrust shoved his cock up Noel's ass. It brought a loud kind of squeak from Noel, which Janet answered by renewed vigor at eating Noels pussy. The three of them came after just a bit and he knelt to grab Janet's hair and put his dirty cock in her mouth for cleaning.

He rested for just a moment and then said: "Okay, now we have a new game we'll play here. Both of you come here and face one another."

He put the two naked women together and began to run a rope around and around them, until they were securely tied together. He hitched the rope over a beam and pulled until their arms were held above their heads by the rope.

They were now again free to kiss one another. Both were so turned on by his treatment that they were quickly sucking tongues. Then he began with the belt. He was hitting, beating both of them with the belt and now they were squealing in pain.

He had Noel howling in no time. The pain was continuous, as were his comments about treating these bitches like the whores that they were. Through the pain Janet began to feel a deep heat that this kind of pain seemed to bring; it was a reaction that she didn't understand but had learned to ride and allow it to flow right over her.

She whispered fiercely to Noel, whose face was right in front of her own, as the lashes of the belt continued alternatingly on their backs and asses and thighs: "Feel it, use it; kiss me and just feel it."

Noel allowed her to move into the kind of feeling of pain and heat that Janet was talking about. It ended with both of them cumming loudly and with great mixed pleasure and pain.

When he was finished, his only comment was: "Fucking wonderful!"

He let the two women down from the tied up position in which he had them, and then took them one at a time to the rail again.

"Final game," he said, "and then all the debts are paid. Final game now."

Once the two of them had been attached to the rail, their hands to the front part of the rail and their feel behind them.

Leaving them spread over the rail with their asses and pussies available, he said to them with a smirk: "Now don't you two lovely ladies go anywhere; I'll be right back."
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 8 - Chapter 10 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 9
Posted: November 11, 2009 - 08:05:50 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

They waited for him, not sure what he had in mind next, and just resting from the heat of the passion that they'd experienced with the trussed up belt beating. Eventually they heard him coming back and heard other voices with him, causing them to wonder in both anticipation and some fear, wonder what he would make them do now.

They could both see the door way because of their orientation on the rail and both gaped at the door, when he entered accompanied by four bums. The group stopped short, when they got into the room and saw the naked, tightly trussed women.

"I told you," he said to them, "You guys are in for a treat."

Janet sensed that Noel was about to say something and whispered to her fiercely: "Not a word; not one word. We get through this together. That's what we do."

Noel croaked a quiet, "Yes, ma'am," back at her.

The whole group neared them and he said to the bums: "Now no touching until we get our negotiations settled. These two lovely ladies, you see, are five dollar whores. So, for only five dollars you can get your cocks sucked and fuck them too, either in the pussy or in the ass. What do you say guys."

One of the bums spoke for all of them, when he said in a gravelly voice: "Don't got no five bucks. Don't got nothin'."

He laughed then and said to the bums: "That's no problem, friends; I bet we can get the one with the specially big tits to give you each five dollars so that you can fuck her and her friend. Let's see if she will."

He then went over to Janet and released her. Once she was up he said to her: "These gentlemen would love to purchase your favors but find themselves temporarily embarrassed with no funds. Could you see your way to giving each of them five bucks so that they could each pay me for fucking you and your friend?"

He smiled at her with a kind of leering smile as he spoke. She said to him quietly at once: "Of course, sir; I could do that."

"Then say it, bitch!" He lashed out with his hand and slapped Janet's face, as he spoke.

She spoke up this time: "Yes, sir," she said clearly, "It will be my pleasure to give each of these gentlemen five dollars so that they can pay you for the pleasure of fucking both Noel and me! And they can fuck us in the mouth or in the ass or in the pussy."

This little speech was exactly what he wanted from her, she knew, and it caused a stir among the bums. She went to her purse, which was lying with her clothes on a chair nearby and got out her wallet.

"No," he said then, "No, give each of them an extra five; that way you pay them for fucking you and you pay me for allowing them to fuck you. You don't mind, do you?"

"No, sir," she responded, "I don't mind at all; thank you for suggesting it."

She then doled out the money. She gave each of them five dollars and then she gave him the twenty dollars. It was all that the bums could do to take the money, they were so busy staring at her tits.

Then Janet was stretched back over the rail and the bums, now having shed their clothes rallied around the two women, as he made videos of it. The two women had to fight their way through the smell but they became very busy, very quickly. It was a matter of hands everywhere. Giggles from the bums as they got a chance to slap the naked, young asses of the bound women. Dirty cocks to suck and that were put into their pussies.

Then one of them wanted to fuck Noel's ass and got the 'okay' from him and this led to another round of ass fucking. The prodding and poking and pinching kept the women in a nearly constant stage of arousal, and they both came frequently at the hands of the dirty men. Then the bums rested and got the rest of their five dollars worth with one more round of either fucking or being sucked off.

It ended with him shepherding them out of the building again and the two women collapsed on the floor against the railing, after he'd released them. He approached them with a smile and said to Janet: "Paid in full now, babe. But don't be a stranger."

In response to their request to clean up he showed them a bathroom to use in the part of the place that he used for his own living. He did walk them to the door, when it was over, and both of the women insisted on kissing him 'farewell."

In the car, Noel leaned into Janet's shoulder and said to her, kissing her cheek in the process: "Well, you certainly do know how to give a girl a good time."

This caused them both to giggle. "What about my place for the night?" Janet asked.

"What a lovely idea," was Noel's response.

"Should you tell Robin," Janet asked.

"Yes, I'll call her." Noel did.

She laughed as she hung up and said: "I'm supposed to give you an open mouth kiss from Robin."

"Hmm," Janet responded, "What a nice idea."

They turned the corner to work their way back to Janet's place, when Janet stopped the car at the curb suddenly.

Noel asked what the problem was, and Janet indicated a group sitting on a bench off the side walk.

"Look," Janet said, "It's our guys, our bums." She giggled when she said this.

"I'm going to say 'hello'," she added to Noel.

"Good idea," Noel said and got out of the car with Janet.

Janet noticed that the very first thing that the guys thought of doing was running but then she called to them with a quick "Hey, it's us," and they stopped.

One of them said to the others: "Hey, you guys, it is; it's the ladies."

Then, as the two ladies went over by them, the men were all smiles. One of the men turned to the others and said: "Okay then, guys, we talked about this and to now's the chance so let's do it."

He took a step toward Janet and said: "Look, lady, he shouldn't have said that, you know."

"Said what?" Janet said quietly.

"Well that you two were five dollar whores; we know you're not. And please don't get me wrong here. We enjoyed it all; hell, when do guys like us ever get a chance with women like you?" The last he said kind of wistfully. "But," he continued, "We just, uh, want to give you this money back. You're not whores and don't have to pay anything for having a good time. We're kind of sorry it happened that way."

He handed Janet the money. She took the money, as he looked at it in a kind of chagrined fashion and then she opened her wallet and added another twenty dollar bill to the money.

She gave it back to him and said: "Here's for something to drink and something to eat for all of you."

Then she surprised all of them by giving him a hug. The smell was not new nor was it now bothersome. He put his arms around her and she leaned back and grinned at him, moving his hand until it rested on her ass covered only by her panties, under he skirt. He grinned at her, as she grinned at him.

"Look," she said, "My friend and I are much too tired for any more action tonight, but I will promise you that I'll come back some evening and we'll party again."

"Will you?" he said. "You know, I believe you."

"Oh," she said, "I mean it. Here let me give you a souvenir."

With that she told Noel to watch for traffic and standing on the other side of the bench, she took her blouse off and then her bra, handing him her bra. They were all grinning now at the sight of her marvelous large tits again. Then, to complete the surprise, it was her skirt off and she handed him her panties too. Before going to the car with Noel, she gave each of them a hug and kiss, so that they all got a feel of her ass and tits again.

One of them said to her in a complaining voice: "Lady, you're just too lovely for words; you've made me all hard again."

Janet smiled and said to him, with a grin in her voice: "Okay take it out and I'll jerk you off; I'm too tired for anything else."

She turned to Noel and told her to help her out. Between the two of them, they jerked off all of the four men. Then it was kisses again and they left.

In the car, once Janet was dressed again at least in blouse and skirt, Noel kissed her cheek and said with a great deal of heat: "You are such a classy lady."

Janet smiled at her and returned a quick kiss. "But now," Noel continued with a grin, "You smell and you need a shower."

"Look who's talking," Janet said with mock severity and headed home.

Later, it was after showers, after sharing some red wine, they were both intent on bed. Snuggled down in Janet's bed they were facing each other and talking quietly. Both opted to wear panties to bed. Janet had supplied Noel with a pair for the occasion.

Noel was quietly apologizing for her behavior earlier. "I'm so sorry," she said, "I really, really couldn't bring myself to whip you with that belt."

Janet simply cuddled the other woman and began cooing to her to calm her down. "No problem, no problem, girlfriend; no problem, no problem, love. Everyone had what they wanted."

Noel said, "So good."

And kissed Janet again. She ran her hands down from Janet's shoulder to the nipples of her breasts letting them come to rest on Janet's panty covered ass. "I don't have the energy to do anything to you or with you or for you at all," Noel said, "But you feel so nice."

"You're doing just fine," was Janet's answer.

They rested for a bit and then snuggled a bit. "I have to go to Wisconsin to settle this stuff about the death of my Uncle Cal," Janet said to her in a quiet tone, "But I'll be back soon after that. Do you have plans?"

"Not particularly," Noel responded.

Then Janet continued: "I will be going to Florida after Wisconsin to see Uncle Cal's Florida house. Can you go with me?"

"Oh, yes," Noel said with enthusiasm. "What a great idea and then she was kissing Janet's neck and rubbing her fingers over one of Janet's nipples.

"I thought you said that you were too tired to do anything for me," Janet laughed, "Now you're doing just fine."

"Hmmm," Noel cooed, "You feel so nice." "It's just that I'll miss you," Noel said. Janet's answer was a kiss.

"Last day of school,"Janet thought as she got herself ready. Today it was blue panties and bra, pleated skirt and a blouse. All she really had to do was meet with her home room group, the same senior group as one of her chem sections, and then go.

She had a meeting coming up with Uncle Cal's lawyer but knew that she was finished with school at least for now. Janet was nervous, not knowing exactly what to expect from her students, especially the guys that had participated in the gang bang. (Thoughts of that night and how it came about and progressed still got her wet between the legs.) But she needn't have bothered. Because they were not only subdued but actually chagrined in her presence. She smiled at Robin, who winked at her in return.

She positively grinned at Julie, who gave her a kind of sexy grin in return. She also had smiles for the other 'pj party' girls, Michelle, and Joanne.

Then she told them her plans, using a kind of a prepared speech. "Last day of school; especially last day of school for you seniors. Both a happy and a sad time, I guess. I want to thank you, especially those of you who had the parties for me these last days."

Inquiring eyes were on her now, especially the guys and girls who had been involved. "Well," she concluded, "I will see most of you last period."

At the end of the day the group was back. Then she gave out report cards and prepared to say 'goodbye to them. She inwardly giggled at the fact that those boys from the barn pressed into her intimately as they hugged her 'goodbye'.

In one moment of confusion, one of them even slipped a hand around and patted her ass. She smiled and kissed him on the cheek. But they were astonishingly restrained.

Roger Savage was last. He looked truly chagrined. "Uh, Miss, Peters," he began.

She cut him off: "Roger, there is nothing to be remorseful about. Absolutely nothing. I enjoyed the whole event. And I want to thank you."

She hugged him then, and whispered to him: "Roger, you have one of the nicest pricks I've ever seen. Thanks for letting me get familiar with it."

He was now blushing as he went away. She turned back to the room and it left only the 'party girls.' Janet looked at them and smiled. It was Julie who stood and gave Janet an especially sexy look. The leave taking with the girls was especially emotional. Janet knew that she'd see Julie and Robin again, however, and that made it bearable.

Janet as ready early. She had the day to drive to Wisconsin and meet with the lawyer first thing the next morning. He'd told Janet to contact once she was in town. They had made arrangements for her in a local hotel; the suite arranged for her was a very nice one, much grander than she would ever have gotten for herself.

The following morning Janet was prompt for the meeting with the lawyer. She was dressed nicely, trying to reflect the occasion and was a bit nervous about what was going to happen. He greeted her very cordially with a hand shake and a smile, saying: "I'm so glad to see you, Ms. Peters"

"Please call me Janet," was her immediate response.

"Janet, it is then," he concluded. "Will you please sit down and I'll go over these things with you. I apologize that I was not at liberty to talk to you about details earlier but in a case of this magnitude it's normal to make sure that all of your issues are straight right from the beginning. So let me tell you the good news."

"Good news?" she said in a wondering kind of voice.

"Yes," he continued smiling. "Before he died, your Uncle Cal, in anticipation of that happening, did a lot of liquidating of his assets. It was apparently his desire that you not have to deal with his many boards and commissions. You see, my dear, you are his sole heir."

"Me?" was her almost silent question.

"Ah, yes," he smiled now. "But let me continue here. The liquid assets coming to you amount many, many millions of dollars. The normal yearly income from the gathered assets will be well over one and a half million, if not two million."

He was grinning as he finished. Janet was ashen faced and dumb struck.

"Did you say what I think you just said?" she asked again quietly.

"Yes, I certainly did," was his answer.

"Could I possibly have a cup of tea or a glass of water."

"Of course, forgive me for being rude," he said.

"No, please; it's just that this is such a shock. You see Uncle Cal was always traveling and we had so little time together. We talked on the phone fairly often, and I know he was worried about me, what with my husband going off without me and all. It's just such a shock."

"Well," he continued, after giving her time to settle down again. "I have arranged for a credit card for you to draw on the account. The portfolio is in the hands of very good managers, whom you might wish to meet before you go back. But there is a large amount of liquidity here, up to half of the total. And there is his property here and his Florida home too. My suggestion, my dear, is that you take some time to get used to this; go to the Florida home and enjoy it a bit then we can get back together again and see where we are. Do you have any questions?"

"Uh, yes," she stammered, "A few. Do you mean to tell me that if I want to use this credit card to go and buy a new car, which I badly need, I can do that?"

"Yes, of course," he said smiling. "If you run into any problems with the use of the card at any time, you call my confidential number, written on this card, and I'll take care of it for you."

Janet began to cry again. And again she apologized to him.

"Look," he said, "I'm going to contact one of my assistants to help you with all of this. But I'm going to turn you over to Mariah, and she will help you, especially with your purchases. We will meet again later today or even tomorrow so that you can sit with a financial officer and have your questions answered."

With that he buzzed for his secretary to come and show Ms. Peters where Mariah Bonden's office was.

Janet thanked him profusely and, still a little teary eyed, went with the secretary. Mariah was waiting at her office door for Janet.

She turned out to be a woman about 10 to 12 years older than Janet; she was very attractive in a rather severe way. When she led Janet into her office, at first Janet was stunned by the size of the woman's breasts and before she could correct herself, she found herself staring at the older woman's tits.

"Ms. Peters," came Mariah's calm voice, "Ms. Peters."

"Oh, ohhhhh," Janet almost wailed, "I don't know what's gotten into me today. I'm just so upset, and ... uh ... and I'm so sorry for staring but you're figure is so lovely." Janet reddened deeply. "Oh," she began again and started to cry again, saying now: "I don't know why I said that. I'm not trying to be rude, I'm really not; please believe me."

It was at this point that Mariah went to Janet and put her arms around her to comfort her. "My, my," Mariah said with a slight smile, "We hardly even fit together; both of us are so well endowed."

Janet giggled at that, feeling a little better. "Yes," she admitted, "I guess we are."

"I understand,"Mariah continued now, "That we are off on a shopping trip."

"Yes," Janet said, smiling a little more now. "It's so hard for me to get used to what I was just told."

"I'm sure it is, Ms. Peters," Mariah said kindly.

"Oh please," Janet said to the lovely older woman, "Please call me Janet."

"Fine," came the answer, "then it'll be Janet and Mariah." Then she continued: "Well, let's go first and get you into some slightly more comfy clothes. Do you have a skirt and blouse that you can change into?"

Janet told her that she did; she was secretly pleased that this lovely woman was choosing what she should wear. They went back to the hotel. Janet showed Mariah the choices for a blouse and sweater combination to replace the formal kind of dress that she was wearing. Mariah chose a white silk blouse and pleated blue skirt, a bit on the short side.

"Let's give everyone a thrill." This made Janet giggle. Janet picked up the clothes and headed for the bathroom.

Mariah's voice stopped her before she got there: "No," Mariah said in a new tone of voice, causing Janet to just stop and stare for a moment. "No, stand right here and change. I'm going to watch." Janet was non-plussed only for a moment.

"Yes, ma'am," she answered quietly.

Mariah smiled at the sign of submissiveness in the lovely young lady. Janet was reaching back for the zipper on her dress, when Mariah told her to come to her and she'd give assistance.

Now Janet stood in front of the older woman and felt those cultured looking hands drawing the zipper of her dress down. She unzipped Janet's dress all the way past the beginning of her panties barely hiding below the opening the crack of her ass. Janet sighed. Mariah ran a solitary finger down the back of Janet's spine, giving her shivers.

"Ohhh," Janet said with some heat in her voice, "That feels so nice."

"I thought so," Mariah said. "Take it off now."

Janet did as she was told, removing the dress altogether, standing for Mariah's inspection in her black lacy panties and bra.

"No," Mariah, said now, "Black won't do. Show me your selection of panties and bras; take those off."

The answer was another "Yes, ma'am," from Janet, who removed her bra, putting it on the bed and then slipped her panties down past her hips and ass, thighs and calves and off. Except for her shoes, she was now naked.

"Come here, pet," Mariah said and let me see you.

Janet obeyed and came to stand in front of the lovely older lady.

Mariah began by softly, slowly running her hands up and down the front of Janet's body. She played with, explored and used Janet's belly button, tits, nipples and pussy. She had Janet moaning and moving around to engage the searching hand rather quickly.

Mariah spoke up: "Go over and put on some music." Janet did. "Now move around the room and wiggle your ass to the music."

Janet did this too; she was really turned on now by the severity of the older woman's tone.

"Come here now," was the next order, and Mariah arranged Janet so that Janet's back was to her. Mariah's face was on a level with Janet's wiggling ass cheeks.

"That's it," Mariah encouraged and demanded, "Dance now; dance and find my finger, you dirty bitch."

"Yes, ma'am," came Janet's docile answer and she danced and plunged down on Mariah's waiting finger, which buried itself inside Janet's pussy.

"Keep wiggling on that finger, whore," Mariah ordered.

Janet's "Yes, ma'am, " this time was more strained than before and she kept wiggling.

To keep her at it Mariah savagely slapped Janet's ass, bringing a long drawn out "Ohhhhhhhhhh," from Janet and more sharp slaps to Janet's ass from Mariah. They kept at this until Janet started to tremble from the effect of an orgasm. Then the used young woman sunk to her knees.

Mariah turned her around and offered her finger, wet with Janet's juices for the naked young woman to suck dry. Janet did with her eyes on Mariah's smiling face all the while.

"Dress now," Mariah said, "The we'll go shopping for your new car."

Janet put on the panties and bra that Mariah had chosen for her, and was soon ready to go.

As they left the hotel room, she turned to Mariah and said a very quiet but sincere: "Thank you."

"You liked that treatment, didn't you, pet?" Mariah asked with a grin.

"Yes, ma'am;" came Janet's answer, "I really did."

They went and Mariah told Janet that they had to stop at her place for just a moment or two to get something. It was a lovely town house that they stopped at for their brief detour.

But they were only there a few seconds, when there was a knock at the door. Mariah went to the door and with a cry of surprise was kind of pushed back into the living room by two rather burly looking men.

"Oh, Joey, not today," she wailed, as Janet looked on. Both of the men smiled at Janet.

"Oh," the one named Joey said, "Entertaining?"

"No, she's a client..."

But he cut her off saying: "Mr. D sent these for you and asked me to remind you to have his stuff next week."

"It's taken care of; he'll have it," Mariah answered nervously. "Now please leave."

"Leave," he said, "Now how hospitable is that? What do we always do before we go? Tell me?"

There was a kind of menace in his voice now. Mariah sighed: "You both get a blow job!"

"Good," Joey smiled, "You remembered. And now you're I luck, since you have a friend here who gets to help with that little chore."

"No," she began to say.

"NO!" Joey thundered, "No, don't you say 'no' to me, woman. Here's the way it will go down. Both of you strip to your panties right now. NOW!"

His tone of voice left no doubt in their minds about doing it. Janet had her eyes secretly on Mariah, as she slipped out of her blouse and then her skirt. Mariah also dropped her bra, leaving her large, large tits hanging free. She wore a metallic blue thong, which fit snugly into the crack of her ass. The sight pleased Janet, who was now herself stripped down to her panties.

"Hmm," Joey said, "Nice tits, nice ass. This will only be a blow job but maybe I'll come back for more."

"Joey," Mariah said one last time, "You don't want to be doing this."

"Shut up and suck Sal's cock, bitch," Joey growled.

For the next 5 to 10 minutes all that could be heard was the wet sound of pricks being sucked. It seemed that both Janet and Mariah were good at it. The arrogant men both finally came, clutching the woman's head in front of him firmly to his stomach and depositing his cum into their throat and mouth. The women also obediently cleaned up the men's pricks with their mouths and remained where they were, kneeling in their panties and thigh high stockings as the men left.

There was silence for a moment, when Janet turned to Mariah and crawled over to the lovely older lady. Janet put her head in Mariah's lap and began with her tongue to explore the crevice between Mariah's thighs. Janet's tongue began to sweep over Mariah's panty covered pussy, making insistent pokes into and beyond the fabric of the panties, causing great long moans to come from Mariah.

With her hands Janet moved Mariah's panty away from her pussy and began to insert her tongue in ernest. In a very little while, Janet had Mariah clutching her and shaking in an orgasm. Janet then crawled into Mariah's arms and nestled.

But Mariah disturbed her and said: "Love, love, I have to make a phone call about our callers."

Janet listened as Mariah called and eventually spoke to the Mr. D. Janet listened as Mariah described the former scene finally saying: "Mr D, I'm not a prude and don't mind giving the guys a little treat but Joey forced my guest to give him a blow job also, forgive my language."

She waited for a moment and then continued: "No, you see, my guest is Cal Reynold's niece; she's his heir, and is only visiting here to straighten out the affairs of the will. Yes, we'll be waiting."

She hung up and said to Janet, "Come, love, get dressed; he's sending a limo for us. We need to straighten this out. Sorry, you got caught up in it."

"Please don't worry," Janet said as she dressed. The large, black limo was there very soon to pick them up.

But Janet found that she was nervous by the time that she arrived at Mr. D's house. The place was lovely, almost beyond compare. They were ushered into the house and then into what appeared to be a den or a library. She and Mariah were seated in front of the desk, when a man, probably in his late 60's came in. He greeted Mariah warmly and, when introduced to Janet, took time to kiss her hand, and greet her warmly.

He said to Janet immediately: "I am so extremely pleased to meet you; your uncle was a great friend of mine. I am grieved too by your loss."

"Thank you; he and I were great friends, although he was always so busy and so seldom around anywhere that I was. I missed great opportunities, I'm afraid."

"Life is certainly so, at times," he said.

Janet was enchanted with him. Turning to Mariah he said in a slightly chiding voice: "Mariah, my lovely; so, you are still playing with these wild boys?"

He laughed as he said it. "I'm so sorry for this problem, Mr. D; they didn't give me any chance to explain."

"I'm sure you're right. Do you mind terribly if I speak with Ms. Peters alone about this unfortunate incident?"

"Of course not, Mr. D," Mariah concluded and got up to wait out in the outer hall way. Janet noticed now that Joey was also waiting out there.

"Now tell me, my lovely young woman, what happened. I'm sorry for any discomfort on your part. But please speak to me as a kind friend, maybe a father, for I would take the part that your wonderful Uncle Cal would have taken, were he here."

"Thank you so much," Janet said. "I guess it is best if I am simply frank about all of it." "Of course it is," was his smiling reply.

"You see, Mr. D, may I call you that?"

"Yes my dear," he said, smiling again.

"Mariah and I had stopped at her house to get something. We were on the way to purchase a new car for me from my Uncle's estate."

"Yes," he said, his voice full of understanding, "My congratulations on your good, good fortune."

She nodded to him but now had tears in her eyes. "I would rather have Uncle Cal," she said, "Forgive me for being so weepy."

Mr. D was impressed by her obvious honesty about her feelings.

"But as I was saying," she continued, "We stopped at Mariah's and she went to answer the door and these two young men were there. Mariah started to talk to them immediately about it being the wrong time and place but they were actually very insistent. As things continued," she broke off there to say to him, with a very red face, "This is embarrassing to talk about this, sir."

"I know," he countered, "but let's clear it up. Shall we?"

"Of course," Janet said, and continued. "Well what happened then was one of them, Joey I guess, reminded Mariah of a kind of arrangement that they had and that he wanted me to help with. It ended, sir, with both Mariah and I performing oral sex on the men."

She blushed all the way to her toes, when she told him that.

"Ah, I see," was his only comment. "I will let you decide how we will punish him," he said to her. "Whatever you want done will be what is done. Just tell me."

Janet looked thoughtfully at him a moment, and said: "Oh, sir, please don't do that; I mean the punishment. He was acting in a way that he thought as okay, maybe his right. And, forgive me if I say that I did enjoy it."

She colored again, deeply. Mr. D's response, much to her relief was to laugh. "You, my dear, are so obviously your Uncle Cal's niece. His words shine through you; his temperament also is your temperament. You speak both wisely and with great understanding."

Then he went to the door and called Joey in. The first thing that he did, when Joey came into the room, was to introduce him to Janet as Cal Peters' niece. Joey blanched at the words.

Mr. D then told Joey that he'd told Janet that whatever punishment she deemed for Joey would be done. Joey looked nervously at her. Then Mr. D went on to explain to Joey what Janet said and that, since she was such a lady of wisdom and understanding, they would put the incident behind them but Joey needed to be a little more careful in his relationships.

He motioned and Joey left the room. Mariah then came into the room again and Mr. D said to them: "My dears, I realize that you have an errand and I will not keep you from it. But Mariah can you wait for a moment for a word?"

Janet went to wait in the hall, as Mr. D spoke to Mariah. Joey was still there and he came to where Janet was. "I'm so sorry, Miss." he said, fairly contritely. "Thank you for getting me off the hook."

"It's Janet," she said with a smile and all that I can say is: "Nice cock!"

Joey got a huge grin on his face and leaned in to kiss Janet on the cheek, saying: "Yes, and nice mouth!"

"What will it be?" Mariah wanted to know now, as the left her place, once the limo had brought them back. She said a sincere 'thank you' to Janet for calming so well the whole situation. "The boy thinks at times with his dick!" she said and they both laughed.

Janet told her that she always loved the style of the Lincoln SUVs and could they go there?

"Yes, of course," was Mariah's reply, "And I need to tell you that Mr. D insists that you accept the new car as a gift from him."

Janet was speechless at this. It brought tears to her eyes.

Mariah also looked at Janet and said: "Thank you also for not mentioning anything about our own private little interlude."

"That was only for us," Janet smiled. Mariah touched her cheek and kissed her.

Janet drove home in a daze, not really knowing if she should properly laugh or cry. The new car, the new car smell, its beauty and the loveliness of it were almost overwhelming. The adventures that she had were still on her mind, as she gave herself time for thought and hopefully time to assimilate all of the news that she'd received about her Uncle Cal, his will, and the potential change in her life. The journey back was good for her, giving her the time she needed for processing.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 10 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 9 - Chapter 11 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 10
Posted: November 11, 2009 - 08:07:51 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

When she got back home, she had a note from Noel that she and Robin had gone to Florida to visit the school. Julie was at a soccer camp at the university. She was at loose ends now that she had decided to look over the house, she no longer thought of it so much as Uncle Cal's house but as 'the house' in Florida.

A kind of perverse mood or turn of mind made her decide to go and visit Joe and Melissa at the theater. Their words about 'owning' Janet still stuck in her mind.

She took a cab and got a huge grin and nod, a recognizing nod from the woman in the ticket booth. After she left the ticket booth, she didn't notice the woman in the booth making a phone call.

She went to the balcony. She was waiting, she knew; just waiting for Joe to appear, to make his rounds. She waited and the movie started, a crime drama of some kind but she was hardly paying attention.

She had dressed especially to look 'vulnerable'. It was a light sun dress, heels that matched the color of the dress and a pair of nylon, pink bikini panties and matching bra. The panties and bra hid absolutely nothing.

She was hoping that sooner or later Joe and Melissa would discover that. Then he appeared. Joe stood at the railing to the steps leading down and waved at her. She waved and smiled; she rose in anticipation of his coming to where she was but he stayed where he was.

He looked back behind him once and smiled. Janet simply waited for him but was really shocked when the thugs that had cornered her in the balcony the last time went past him and came up into her part of the balcony.

There was no time for flight or any other reaction but surprise. She just stood as they approached. They herded her up into a hallway near the projection booth.

Melissa was there ahead of them. "Hi, sweet ass," she cooed to Janet.

She held out her hand and Janet, knowing what was expected of her, bent her head and kissed the offered hand.

"Ready, Joe," she said to her husband behind Janet.

"Ready," he said.

Then Melissa turned to the group of guys, the punks, and said, "Okay, she's all yours."

It was as if someone had let the furies into the hallway with them. A hand grabbed Janet's dress at the shoulder and simply pulled, pulling her almost off of her feet in that direction. Janet careened in that direction only to have another hand pull the shoulder of her dress in the other direction. Now she staggered in the other direction, and, much to the glee expressed by all those around her, the dress tore.

The pressure from both of the directions in which she was pulled caused the zipper back to tear along the zipper line.

She had no time to adjust the way she stood, however, for immediately a hand grabbed the front of the dress and pulled, in a mighty yank. Janet's dress, already ripped along the zipper line, now gave way and simply flapped around her waist, presenting her heaving tits with big, brownish hard nipples showing.

But then they were at her again immediately. A hand grabbed her bra band that ran across her back and pulled hard. Janet now staggered toward the back only to have the bra band released and let her stagger forward from the force of it.

"Having a good time, Teach?" a young voice snickered at her.

"Please..." was all that she could muster.

"Please what, Teach?" a hard voice to her side rasped out and a quick hand slapped her face, bringing, for the first time in this encounter real tears to her eyes.

She just got out another "please", when the hand had the back band of her bra again, almost yanking her off of her feet in that direction.

At almost the same time a hand grabbed one of the cups of her bra in the front and pulled her off balance forward.

They were giggling and Joe was filming it all. She was being tossed about like a rag doll. In utter frustration, she lashed out with her right hand but only managed to hit someone on the shoulder, doing no damage at all.

But then came the answer from the punks; someone punched her in the stomach. Her eyes widened, her breath was gone and she sunk to the floor, the tattered remnants of her dress still about her waist and she peed on the floor.

"Look," one of the shouted with glee, "The Teach is pissing herself."

Janet only knelt there but next a hand shoved her face into the pool of piss that was on the floor and a foot pressed down on the back of her neck.

Simultaneously a voice growled at her: "Lick it up; lick it up now or we'll skin the ass right off of you, Teach."

"Yes, yes," she wheezed, as she still tried to catch her breath from the punch.

"Yes," she continued, a little more air in her lungs now, "I'm going to."

She began to put her mouth in the pool on the floor and suck the vile water in, swallowing it, and sucking it up as quickly as she could.

Someone had an instrument of some kind, probably a board and was lashing her ass, still covered by her dress and her panties, as she concentrated on drinking back up her piss.

Her constant sucking and lapping up of the piss on the floor was punctuated by her own grunts and groans, as her ass continued to be pummeled by the board.

As she finished the cleaning of the floor, to cat calls and new cries about being a 'piss drinker', hands once again took possession of her dress. This time the dress split all the way and Janet was left on the floor in only her panties and bra, which were wet from having peed herself but also from a continuous flow of her own fluids.

The treatment might be harsh but it was certainly turning her on.

A voice suddenly cried out with glee: "Shit, look at this!"

Janet didn't have time to wonder what was the new toy that they were given, certainly by Joe and Melissa before a charge of electricity coursed through her panty covered ass.

It shook her and brought out a low kind of growl-moan from deep in her throat. Then the electricity jolted her on the other ass cheek. The spasms that his was causing her, as she tried to continue crawling down the hall way, gave them a great deal of mirth.

Her guttural cries became more and more animalistic and less human; it only egged her on.

Then someone said, with a laugh in his voice: "Listen to her, she sounds like a fucking cow. 'Moo' for us bossy!

"Moo!" Janet tried to keep going down the hallway; it wasn't much of a destination for her but it focused her energy and kept her from collapsing.

She sensed first and then felt the knife. She got as still as she possibly could as one of them sawed through her bra, letting it fall to the floor, freeing her tits to sway as she crawled.

A laugh came then, when one of them said: "With her tits hanging down like that, she even looks like a cow."

There was general mirth over that comment. Her progress was halted though by someone grabbing a fist full of hair, and lifting her face up. She was looking into the twisted face of one of the 'punks'; she saw both cruelty and joy in the face.

"Open your mouth, Bossy!" He said to her. She did, and tried not to flinch as he spit into her mouth. "Thank me!" he said.

Janet knew her role by now and looking into his face said: "Bossy thanks you, sir, for spitting in her mouth."

They cackled with mirth. The same one yanked on her hair again and said to her: "If you don't want any more of the electricity or the board then tell us about you being a cow; tell us about your udders and your nipples and how you like the way that we're treating you."

Having said this, he pushed her back so that she was resting on her heels and looking at them, and into the lens of Joe's camera.

"Yes, sirs," she began, "You know that I'm a teacher with advanced degrees and experience in the classroom; but this is what I really love, this is what I really crave, being here almost naked and being allowed to be your cow with my big titty udders flapping and my long, stiff nipples sticking out. If you just give me the chance, I'll continue down this hallway 'mooing' for your pleasure, and I hope, hope that you'll allow this cow to service you and take your cocks into one of her holes. They are certainly available to you."

They clapped for her and then zapped her again on the ass with the electric wand. It set her into motion; she went on her hands and knees down the hallway lowing and mooing for their delight.

"Shake your ass, bossy!" one of them shouted at her.

"Yes, sir," came her answer, "Bossy is shaking her ass for your pleasure."

And she did; she gyrated and shook and wiggled her ass back and forth for them, as she went down the hall.

Hands halted her progress and someone's voice whispered in her ear: "Now you just be quiet as you can, Bossy, or we'll cut that pretty, hairy pussy of yours right off."

Then she felt the 'snick' of the knife as it was inserted just below the waist band of her pink panties. The hand holding the knife cut down the back of her panties all the way past the crack of her ass. She could feel the sharpness of it as it continued to slide through the material, now in the very region of her pussy lips.

She held her breath in fear and tried not to tremble. The hand then slipped under her and continued its progress, cutting the material until the knife had reached the waist band of her panties again at her waist.

"There now, that wasn't so bad, was it, Bossy?"

"No, sir," she replied; now she was trembling." The same voice then said: 'Okay, she's ready; give that to me."

Janet looked around now in a kind of fear wondering what they were going to do next. One of them produced a broom with its handle greased. With great glee and laughter, they piushed the broom handle up Janet's ass.

Melissa, watching all the while, cautioned them to be careful and not hurt her. When the broom handle was inserted a ways, they led her down the hall way, still crawling only this time her progress was guided by the pressure of the broom handle in her ass. They made her bounce off of one side of the hall way after another, all the while to gales of laughter.

They turned her into a room, removed the broom handle and settled her against the wall.

"Okay, boys," Melissa said, "She's yours now; get your rocks off."

Janet leaned a bit against the wall, still wearing her split panties. She was already tired; she had cum twice already in the hallway, once when they zapped her with the electricity and once when they inserted that broom. Now she just waited for them to do something.

They did. One of the 'punks' came up to her and unzipped and unbuttoned his pants. He presented her with his naked, stiff cock.

Someone took both of her hands and held them so that she couldn't move them. Janet gazed at it for just an instant. Smallish but hard and tasty looking, is what she thought. She leaned forward and kissed the head and the piss slit. Then she engulfed the whole cock with her mouth, and began to suck, moving her head back and forth, letting it out almost and then plunging her head back down on it so that it rested in her throat.

Then he pinched her nose and cut off her air, as the prick was in her throat entrance. She wiggled her head back and forth to stop him but he persisted. Then the cock was taken out of her mouth.

She mewled in protest at having lost the cock to suck but it was only because arms were now moving her so that another prick could be inserted in her pussy from behind, as the original cock was fed into her mouth again.

Again she began the process of sucking it in and out, reacting now to the pressure of the cock that was fucking her from behind. The one in front came first and then, with grunts and groans, the one in back came.

He moved and presented her with his slime covered prick to clean off with her mouth. She took it into her mouth now with pleasure, and felt the other 'punk' climb onto her from behind and start to use her pussy.

He pinched her ass hard and ordered her to 'moo' like a good cow. She complied and 'mooed' as loudly as she could around the cock in her mouth. They all laughed again. Both of the straining cocks that she was dealing with were spurting then, one in her mouth and one in her pussy.

She didn't remember much more of it but eventually they were satisfied, and she was left there with Joe and Melissa. They stood Janet up and took her through another corridor, which eventually led them to an apartment, which they kept for themselves at the theater. They took Janet into a bedroom. Janet was walking with Melissa, and almost leaning on her.

"We're going to have a shower but first Joe wants some close ups of your ass in those sexy cut pink panties. You don't mind, do you, sweets?"

"Of course not, ma'am; I would love to have the shower."

"Yes, and after the shower," Melissa continued, "You need to pay me and Joe."

"Pay?" Janet asked vaguely.

"Yes,"Melissa continued with a note of glee; "I want my pussy eaten. Pay is what I call it. Pay for setting you up with those frisky, randy boys."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said now with a wan smile. Joe told Janet to stand in certain ways and then bend over in certain ways so that he could take photos of her barely panty covered ass in the pink bikinis that had been slit by the knife. Janet obliged him, doing whatever he asked her to do. Melissa shared the shower with her, soaping the younger woman, playing with Janet's soapy nipples, and pussy, also making sure that she was washed good and clean from the use by the punks earlier.

When the two women emerged from the shower, both now naked, Joe was waiting for them, naked also and erect. He had a folder for Janet to take home; opening it she saw the photos of her in the slit panties. She loved the photos. As a matter of fact, she could feel herself getting more and more turned on by them.

It was then that Melissa reminded Janet of her need to 'pay'. Melissa placed Janet on the bed and then took a seat on Janet's upper chest, presenting Janet with an immediate view of her exposed pussy.

Then, with Joe taking movies again, Melissa wiggled into place. She put her hands behind Janet's head and grasping the younger woman by the hair, pulled Janet's face into contact with her pussy. Janet by now was willing to oblige and worked her tongue into the slit of Melissa's pussy, rummaging it around and licking the lips, the walls and the clit.

Soon Melissa was humping Janet's increasingly wet face, and Janet was trying to bury her tongue further and further into Melissa's pussy. Melissa began to make strange throat noises of her own and Janet grasped the older woman by the ass cheeks and pulled her pussy closer and closer to Janet's working, licking mouth. Melissa came with a kind of roar and slowed her hip movements against Janet's face only very slowly. Gradually her movements subsided and she moved off of Janet.

But Joe was right there to move in. He had set the camera on a tripod and moved Janet into a position where the top of her body was hanging off of the bed with her naked ass exposed. He slapped Janet's ass a few times, making it red, and took time to grease Janet's asshole with K-Y on his fingers. Then he slid his prick home.

Janet was grunting now from the cock buried in her ass, as Joe began his pumping movement.

"Good," Joe rasped, "I liked it when you were mooing life a fucking cow; 'moo', you cunt, moo!"

He slapped Janet's ass really, really hard as he said this and it had the desired effect. Janet let out a wailing "moooooooo", as Joe plunged further and further into her asshole. She continued as he speeded up his motion; now he was slapping her as he fucked her and she was responding, as he wanted, with her loud mooing.

Janet was now tumbling into her own orgasm; a process only made more intense by her own incessant animal noises which turned her on as much as they turned Joe on. With on last hard slap to her ass, and a final thrust, and a final "mooooooooo" from the submissive woman, both of them came, and soon slowed down to almost a collapse.

"Joe," Melissa said then, "Go and get a copy of these movies for our sweetie here, so that she can enjoy them at some other time. I'll get her cleaned up to go home."

Joe went to do as Melissa asked him. He came back, after the ladies had returned from the bathroom clean up. Now Janet was dressed once again in her sexy, pink panties with the knife slit. They gave her the video and folder with the panties photos.

"Come on, Bossy," Melissa said with a grin, we're going to send you home. "Here put on this coat it will do."

Joe went outside and hailed a cab and bundled Janet in the back seat with him. It didn't take the cab very long to get Janet home. The cabbie, whose name was Ben, pulled into the curb and Joe paid him, asking him to wait until her got Janet out and to her door. As Joe opened the back door he looked up and down the street; it was late and quiet.

"Hey, Ben," Joe said come here and help me with her, can you." Ben did get out and went back to where Joe was with Janet, who was actually fine.

Joe said then to Janet: "Take off your coat; show Ben."

Janet looked for only a second at Joe and removed the trench coat, showing that she was naked underneath except for her panties, which had the knife slit in them. Next Joe said: "Open Ben's zipper and give him his tip."

Janet's reply was a quick 'Yes, sir." She did as she'd been told and soon had the rather over weight cabbie's zipper open. She was startled when she pulled out a rather nicely shaped, fairly thick, fairly long cock.

She looked up at the heavy man and said: "Ben, that's a lovely cock."

"Why thanks," he almost glowed, as she put the head of it in her mouth and began to make love to the cock. She put her hands on the front of Ben's thighs and just used her head motions to guide the cock further and further into her mouth and throat entrance with every thrust of her head and his hips. She was enjoying the blow job; Ben was in heaven. She took all of his load, holding his spurting prick deep in her mouth so that the cum coursed down her nearby throat.

Ben was shaking throughout this part of the cock sucking, and Janet didn't let him go until he was done and cleaned. She then got up and kissed Ben on the cheek. Then it was a lip kiss for Joe and putting on the coat she went to the steps of her apartment building.

Janet realized pretty quickly that she missed Noel, and Julie. Noel was still with Robin in Florida getting her arrangements for the coming school year settled, and Julie was at her soccer camp at the state university where she had a scholarship. She missed the companionship but also missed the sweet variety of sex that they enjoyed together, even when it was because someone else was in charge at the time.

This was why, with time on her hands she got into her lovely new Lincoln and headed for the state university. It wasn't a really long trip but she enjoyed it. She loved the sense of riding in and driving this magnificent car. Hers for a blow job, she quipped to herself. She got to the university, got herself a place to stay and after asking a few questions found the practice field.

She sat on an abandoned bleacher near the field and watched the practice. The players had laps to do at the end of the practice. It was on one of these laps that Julie noticed that Janet was sitting there and waiting for her. She broke into a huge, huge grin. There was a brief team meeting and then they were dismissed. The players went off to the field house for showers but Julie trotted over to where Janet was waiting for her. Janet sat in the bleachers so that when Julie reached her, she towered above Janet.

Julie was all smiles: "Hey, pet, how's my special one?"

She wanted to know. Without looking around for anyone else there, she held her hand out to Janet, who took it and kissed it. Julie's hand was sweaty. The very smell turned Janet on.

"I have to go shower," Julie said.

Janet waited for her to finish and said to her pleadingly: "May I ask a favor?" Julie smiled and said 'yes'.

Janet then said to Julie: "Can I please take you to my hotel room and clean you myself? You see, I've never smelled you this sweaty, this way."

Julie laughed and said: "You can say 'dirty'."

"This ... uh dirty; and I want to smell more and clean you."

"Lovely," Julie said, "Let me get my bag and a few things from my locker and I'll be right with you."

Julie was there in a few moments. Since it was humid, she was still sweating Julie was really impressed with Janet's new "ride", as she called it. They went to Janet's room and thoughts of sex were first and foremost on their minds.

They entered the room and closed the door and Janet was on her knees immediately. Julie smiled and pull the back of her running shorts down for Janet, who obediently kissed Julie's ass.

Julie smiled at Janet and said: "Talk later, now I want cleaning and sex."

"Yes, mistress," Janet said to her and led Julie to the large bathroom with it's huge walk in shower.

"Nice digs," Julie said.

"Thank you, mistress," was Janet's reply. "What do you want me to wear?" Janet wanted to know. She was dressed in shorts and a tee shirt.

Julie told her: "Get me naked and clean me and you take off the shorts but keep your panties and tee shirt on."

Janet grinned at these orders and did as she was told, stripping to her beige panties and tee shirt. They went into the shower.

Julie turned to Janet and said: "My love, let me tell you in self defense, I haven't showered since yesterday morning, since we had practice today. I'm really dirty."

"And, Mistress, I'm really turned on by your dirtiness."

Julie laughed and said to her: "You're one of the wonders of the world."

Janet grinned as she skimmed the tee shirt from Julie and took her bra. While Julie's hands were up in the air, Janet leaned in and licked Julie's sweaty, salty armpits. Julie sighed. Janet licked around Julie's breasts and nipples.

"I love the saltiness," Janet said.

"Keep on, pet," Julie said, "And it won't be only saltiness."

Janet looked at Julie seriously and said to her: "I want to show you that there's nothing that I won't do for you."

Julie grinned and said: "You're warned, now show me and keep in mind that these soccer camps make me horny and I've had no release. I might get kinky."

Janet replied: "I might like that."

Now Janet pulled Julie's running shorts off and with a wash cloth and her tongue cleaned Julie's pussy.

"Fragrant! Marvelous! Good tasting!" were Janet's comments.

"You don't have to do anymore," Julie said.

But Janet simply stared at her and said: "Julie, Mistress, this is how much I love you."

She scuttled around behind Julie and pried her ass cheeks apart. The smell was strong but not as strong as Janet thought it might be. She sighed, knew that this service for Julie turned her on and began to lick and wash Julie's ass and asshole. She used the wash cloth to make it wet but did the cleaning with her tongue. She settled down on her knees, when she was done and grinned.

Julie stroked her face and said: "Now we shower to clean you up."

Janet grinned at her. The shower plastered Janet's tee shirt and panties to her until Julie peeled them off of her.

When they were finished and dried, Julie took Janet by the hand and said: "Talk soon, darling, now we fuck. But I need a favor: I've been refusing a couple of sexy black team mates from the boys team and I want you to take the harness from my bag and fuck me."

"Ohhhhhh," was Janet's reply.

"I'm so horny," Julie said and I'm already wet, so get with it."

Janet got the harness and fitted the cock in it and joined Julie on the bed. She slid between Julie's legs and they both sighed as Janet slid into place. The pace of the fucking was grand for both of them. It brought the two of them to orgasms soon, and then they lay.

Julie stirred first, "So tell me about Wisconsin, pet; what's with the fantastic new ride and this swanky hotel?"

Janet smiled at her from her pillow. "It's really strange and almost beyond belief. Let me tell you about the car first."

Janet went on to talk about the forced blow job and the subsequent gift of the Lincoln SUV.

Julie laughed: "Expensive blow job but maybe well earned. Your Uncle Cal must have been quite the high roller."

"Well that's the other part of it," Janet began. "He left everything to me. It's way over between 15 and 20 million dollars and with an income of between a million and two a year. I'm so at sea with the idea. It's hard to compute. There's also a home in Florida that Noel and I are going to see. It's a beach home and maybe that's where I'll live. There's a mansion in Wisconsin but I don't want to live there so, it's on the market. It's all happened so fast I don't know what to do."

She hesitated then and began to cry. Julie pulled her over to her, cuddling her and running her hands down Janet's naked side.

Janet said then: "I really did love him; even though we so seldom got together. He'd been after me for years to visit him in Florida. And I never did; so busy, so busy. What was I thinking? Now he's ... Oh but I did love him."

Julie said softly into Janet's ear: "Of course you did!"

She held her tightly, still stroking a hand along Janet's nakedness.

"Oh," Janet cooed to her, "You're making me horny again. I don't know whether to feel bad or what?"

"I think that you should just enjoy. But do you know what?" Janet looked at Julie through her tears, "I know what to do for the horniness. I'm going to contact my soccer player friends. I want to watch you get fucked by them and I want to watch you suck their cocks. Would you like that?"

Janet was smiling now: "You know me so well, Mistress, I'd like whatever you have planned for me."

"Hmm," Julie said "Such an invitation from a rich bitch."

Then Janet cried again.

"Hey," Julie said, "Now you have to brighten up here; your Uncle Cal would want you to enjoy all this. So, do it."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said and smiled. Julie leaned over and licked up the tears on Janet's face.

Then she said: "Let me call Luke and Lonnie."

They decided to meet for coffee, and invited Julie's two black friends. They were pleased to meet Janet and said so.

When they got to the table and were seated and ordered, Julie turned to Janet and said to her: "Okay, now introduce yourself properly."

"Yes, mistress." The use of the word 'mistress' got riveting attention from the two black athletes.

Janet smiled and said: "I was Julie's high school chemistry teacher but recently I've had the good fortune to become her bitch, her sex slave."

It took a few moments for the whole issue to sink in. The two guys weren't really convinced. Lonnie laughed and said so; he thought that the two women were putting him on. Julie looked around. There table was situated so that to their immediate right was a hall way leading at its end to the ladies' room door. There were few patrons just then.

Julie turned and said: "Fine!"

Then turning to Janet she said: "Go down the hallway to the ladies' room. Just before you enter the ladies room I want you to take your dress off and go into the ladies' room. If someone is coming, I'll motion for you to go on with my hand."

Janet said: "Yes, Mistress," and went.

The two guys were now staring in unbelief. Janet was wearing a simple sun dress. When she got to the ladies' room door, Julie just nodded for her to go ahead. Janet quickly slipped the sun dress over her head and stood there wearing heeled sandals, and pale pearl panties that were transparent. The guys just stared. Julie nodded and Janet went into the ladies' room. She came back out a bit later and sat down.

Julie turned to Lonnie and Luke and said: "Do you see what I mean? I wasn't kidding, you know."

The two guys were silent but impressed. When they'd had their drinks, they went to walk around the soccer field. The whole place was deserted because the soccer players, male and female, were off for the weekend and most had gone home or elsewhere. They walked to the edge of the field in the dark, Julie and Janet were hand in hand, but the moon was shining brightly. The guys were quiet, sensing that due to the fact that both Julie and Janet seemed to be gay, there would be no chance for them tonight. But they were nice enough guys to be companionable.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 9 - Chapter 11 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 10
Posted: November 11, 2009 - 08:07:51 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

Julie stopped them at the edge of the field. "There is a reason that I wanted to introduce you two to Janet, my bitch."

The two black athletes turned to Julie and were all attention now. "You see Janet will do whatever I tell her to do; you've already seen that. But I want to watch her get fucked, fucked really good, and I want to watch her suck cock too."

The guys were staring at Janet now and smiling. Janet was simply shifting from foot to foot. She knew that something was up with Julie; she just didn't know what it was.

Julie continued: "Here's the thing;" Then she turned to Janet to continue. "You are going to run across the field. You will keep your shoes on at all times."

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said. She was wearing heeled sandals.

"They, " she said indicating the guys, "are going to give you a 10 second head start and then try to catch you. If they catch you the first time, then they get to take off your dress and your panties."

Janet simply shook her head 'yes'.

"Then you'll run again, and if they catch you a second time, then they get to fuck you and you have to suck their cocks. Of course I get to watch." She turned to the grinning athletes and said: "Understood? I want it done my way; she's my bitch."

The two guys just grinned. Then Julie suddenly turned to Janet and said loudly: "Run!"

She startled Janet who squealed loudly and set out running. She was neither fast nor graceful in the heels, although she had begun running with Julie.

In the ten seconds Julie turned to the guys and said: "Go get her!"

They were off and Janet could hear them coming after her; she went squealing on. They caught her in no time. And after wrestling with her just a bit, got her under control. Julie sauntered up as Lonnie and Luke stripped Janet of her dress first and then her panties. These were handed to Julie to hold.

She turned to Janet, who stood there naked in the moonlight and said: "They caught you, teacher; you realize what happens if they catch you again?"

"Yes, Mistress," Janet replied, "I know."

Julie just laughed and said to Janet: "Run!" Janet took off again. This time the sight was wonderful.

"Nice ass, eh?" Julie said to the two guys, as they watched Julie's former teacher run down the field naked, her tits and ass all a-jiggle.

"Go get her, guys," Julie said, "Then you can party."

They set off at a great pace and you could tell exactly when they caught the naked Janet from her squeals again.

Julie came to them and found the taking turns kissing the more than willing Janet.

"Sampling before the fun?" Julie said.

"You bet, " Luke said, "She's as foxy as you are."

"And she'll let you fuck her," Julie said, "Because I tell her to. Where can we go?"

The guys indicated that the equipment room door key was hidden and they knew where. They went there and into an inner room with no windows. They couldn't be seen from the outside. As they walked, Lonnie kept his hand on Janet's ass; Luke kept a hand on one of Janet's big tits.

Julie knew she was going to enjoy it. When they got there, the got Janet on her hands and knees and one took turns kissing her, while the other was busy eating her pussy. Lonnie was well hung but Luke was simply big. Janet had a hold on Luke's cock to ease its effect.

Julie immediately shouted at Janet: "Get your hand down! Put your hands behind your back."

Janet complied immediately with a garbled "Swaorrwy Mwistwess;" the message was garbled by the effect of Luke's cock in Janet's mouth.

Julie enjoyed the contrast of the sight. Luke and Lonnie were dark skinned, really dark and the contrast of white and black skin was erotic. It seemed that where Luke ended at Janet's face, Janet's whiteness began and faded into Lonnie's blackness nestled against Janet's thighs and ass. Even Lonnie's hands on Janet's ass set up patterns that were intensely erotic.

Janet was hot and jumping in no time. They did her at the same time, with one of them sticking his cock in her mouth and the other fucking her pussy. Julie told them that Janet's asshole was reserved for her and her strap on. They kept these positions up until Luke came in Janet's mouth and Lonnie came in her pussy.

Then they switched and Lonnie got his cock sucked and Luke fucked Janet's pussy. They weren't worn out but Julie was ready to go, when the two of them came for the second time. They let Janet dress and let themselves out of the equipment room.

When Janet and Julie were back at Janet's hotel, they kissed as soon as the door to Janet's suite was closed.

Julie demanded: "Strip naked, you fucking slut!" Janet complied immediately. Julie was kissing Janet and asked her if she liked that.

Janet replied: "Oh, yes, Mistress; I need to thank you for setting that up for me and letting me do it."

Julie smiled and said: "I don't want to restrict your sexual life. I love you; you're my bitch that doesn't mean that you can't or don't have your own life."

"Thank you so much!" Janet said to her. "I ... uh ... I hope you'll stay for a while at least and you'll do things to me too."

Julie smiled, "You're still hot, bitch?"

"Yes," Janet said, "Hot for you."

"Well,"Julie replied, "I just happen to have brought with me my strap on; I have a new big one that I want to try out with your asshole." Janet clung to her then.

Julie set up a movie camera then and turned it on.

"Introduce yourself to everyone, Bitch," Julie said.

Janet looked at the camera and said a smiling: "Hi, I'm Janet Peters; I have been a chemistry teacher. I was Julie Stone's chemistry teacher but she came to me one night and demanded that I be her bitch. I am now happily Julie's sex slave. I do what and whom she tells me. She's told me that now she's going to fuck me in the ass with a large dildo."

Julie's voice then said: "On the bed, bitch, with your ass hanging off."

Janet placed herself and Julie came to her. She had a medium, greased dildo in one hand, which she quickly pushed into Janet's already wet pussy. Janet grunted with pleasure. Then Julie stepped into the scene wearing only a strap on with a large, 8", thick dildo sticking from it. The dildo too was greased.

"Here it comes, teacher," Julie said in a whisper.

"Yes, yes, yes, ma'am," Janet croaked, the pussy dildo still working.

Julie started to slip the long black cock into Janet's asshole. The grunt was now a moan. Julie pulled back and then pushed more of it into her former teacher's asshole. Janet was mewling now and grunting and groaning.

"You sound like an animal that is getting fucked," Julie said, still pulling out and pushing in farther.

"I am, I am, Mistress," Janet's straining voice said, "I'm whatever animal you want me to be."

"Good," Julie said, pushing the cock in hard and almost all the way. "Be my pig, teacher, let's hear you."

Janet started a pig oinking noise in her throat, and continued it as Julie impaled her on the large cock."

Janet broke off the oinking to say: "Oh, wonderful!"

Julie slapped Janet's ass hard and demanded that she continue to oink. Janet began the oinking again.

Julie, now fully up Janet's ass and moving in and out said with glee: "But I'm the tiger."

With that she bit Janet's neck, causing Janet to squeal into a pillow. Julie kept fucking Janet's ass, a and biting her: now her shoulders, then on her back. Janet had welts from Julie's teeth everywhere. Janet was shuddering now and Julie was too from the friction of the dildos. They came in a heap and lay there until Julie removed and turned off the vagina dildo. Julie turned off the camera and took off the strap on.

She went to the bathroom and came back with a wet warm washcloth and towel. She carefully washed between Janet's ass cheeks and her neck and back.

"Mistress that I adore," Janet said, "That was hot beyond imagination."

Julie still had a long time at the camp. Julie had to go back to the team dorm for women. But they promised to meet for breakfast before Janet would leave.

Janet called the number that Mr. Soltis had given her. She was pleased that he answered immediately. Janet apologized for disturbing him. He said that she was never to assume that she was disturbing him.

He was going to contact her, in fact. The house in Wisconsin had an offer of $500,000, and he wanted to know what he should do. She asked for his advice, which was to go ahead and sell, since the price was good. He told Janet that he'd put it in a ready account for her that would be available for cash. He said he'd call her the next day with all the account details.

She then told him of her own questions. He assured her that what she had in mind would be no problem at all. He asked nothing about personal items. He dictated to Janet what she needed to write on the paper, and told her to then send the paper to him to look over.

He also told her that he'd be sending items to her over night and that she'd have them in the morning. They made an agreement to meet in a few weeks to sign the deal for the house. Janet thanked him profusely for his help. He assured her that it was always his pleasure.

Janet was waiting for Julie, when she came into the restaurant at the hotel. Janet got up and greeted her, kissing her hand quietly.

"Don't kneel," Julie said. "Let's not make that kind of scene here."

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said.

While they were getting seated for breakfast, Janet was approached by one of the hotel staff to say that a messenger was waiting for her in the lobby. Julie looked mystified. Janet apologized to Julie and went to meet the messenger. She was back in a few minutes.

Janet looked at Julie with a serious expression.

She looked ill at ease and Julie said: "Is something wrong, pet?"

Janet hastened to say that nothing was wrong but she needed to request a girl friend to girl friend talk with Julie and it seemed strange.

Julie smiled: "Janet, you are worth your weight in gold. Just talk to me."

Janet sighed, smiled and said to Julie: "First, let me show you this."

Julie looked at it and said: "That's a first class ticket back home."

"Yes," Janet said, "It was one of the things that the messenger had for me. It's mine. I'm flying home."

"But I don't understand," Julie said, "Your car, that lovely Lincoln."

"Yes," Janet said, "Here's another thing that the messenger brought." Janet showed the paper to Julie and she noticed that it was a bill of sale for the Lincoln to Julie for $1.00."

Julie's head just bounced up and looked at Janet. "What?" was all that Julie managed.

Janet said to her: "Julie, honey, Mistress, I don't want to insult you but ... I ... uh ... find myself unaccountably really, really, really rich. You know how I got this car; I paid nothing for it. It was a kind of smooth over gift for a blow job that I was forced to give someone. A blow job that I enjoyed," she said, now smiling. "It's just that I want you to have the car; please take it."

Julie was still just staring. Janet reached out and touched her hand.

Janet continued. "Please, Mistress, this bitch will get down on her knees right here and beg you to accept this, if it's what you want."

Julie broke her trance and said: "Puss, my Puss, there's no need to beg here; I just am so taken aback that I don't know what to say at all. 'Thank you' seems so inadequate.! Where did you come from? You're one of the wonders of the world; certainly the wonder of my world."

She got up then and said: "Thank you, thank you, thank you." There were tears in her eyes.

Janet hastened to say: "Oh, let's not cry now; later okay but not now. But there's one other thing that I need to say."

"What?" Julie said, "More?"

"Well, yes," Janet said, "If you'll allow it."

"And stop you from spoiling me?" Julie laughed. Then she said: "You know how much I appreciate such efforts, Janet, my darling; please forgive me, if I make light of it."

"There's nothing to forgive; doing this for you is my pleasure. Well, what I mean is that there is this."

Saying that Janet handed Julie a credit card. It had her name on it. Julie was speechless.

"There's an account that's been set up from the $500,000 that I'll be receiving for having sold my Uncle's home in Wisconsin. These cards, yours and mine, will draw for now on that account. I just want to make sure that you have what you need at school."

"Oh, God!" Julie said, and now there were tears on her cheeks.

Janet reached up and wiped them away, putting her salty fingers now into her mouth.

Julie could hardly talk but managed: "You do realize that I will be super accountable about this."

Janet smiled and replied: "You do it as you need. The gifts are simply there. But tell me; please, you tell me. Isn't there something that you need? Something for ... oh I don't know ... school and all?"

Julie hesitated and smiled. "I could use a new computer."

"Oh, how cool," Janet said enthusiastically. "Is there a place on campus?"

"Yes," Julie said, "With great student prices. I have to admit that I've been drooling over this new Mac laptop there."

"Well," Janet said, with a grin, "Let's go; shopping's what we do best. But let me tell you that there's a lawyer named Soltis who handles all these items. I've given him your name and if you have any questions about the use of the card, and can't get me, please call him. He's available at any time."

Julie just stared at Janet. "Gee," she said, "This was just to be a 'bye for now' kind of breakfast. I had no idea that any of this would happen. You are so kind and generous."

Janet said: "Julie, I"m rich; rich beyond dreams. Sharing is something that I need to do. But I need a favor."

"Yes,"Julie said, "Anything."

"Well, two favors," Janet said with a smile. "First, after we shop for the computer I need a ride to the airport this morning."

"Can do," Julie said with a grin, "Got wheels!" Janet smiled. "And?" Julie said, prompting Janet.

"And," Janet said, "When you come home; I'm going to need a whole raft of dirty things before I go moving off to Florida."

Julie grinned again: "Can do also; Got a slave, and will use her."

They embraced. Julie whispered to her: "Talk to my mom, will you?"

"Yes," Janet said, "She's on my agenda, when I get back."

"Good," Julie said, "You know how to treat her."

They finished their breakfast and Julie said brightly: "Well, girlfriend, shopping and then want a ride to the airport? I happen to have my car with me." They both giggled at that as they left.

Janet got back and discovered that the first order of business was to buy herself a car. It was strange but it felt even better than the gift of the car from Mr. D.

She called a cab and went to the dealership where she could look over the Lincoln SUVs. She really liked those vehicles. No one was with her to go and pick it out, so she went alone. She selected one, for the very first time ever not having to bother about price and finances. It was a giddy feeling. It was a different color than the one she 'given' to Julie but it suited her just fine.

She'd dressed for the occasion specially. She wore a short sun dress that was a good 4 inches above her knees. When she sat down in front of the desk of the salesman, a kind of paunchy middle aged man but one that Janet thought was cute, her dress rode up and she was showing a good deal of thigh.

He licked his lips several times during their interview. Janet's nipples pushed out against the top of her sundress. The material was thin and the material of her underwire bra was thin also.

She realized that she was enjoying his reaction. He asked her if she'd like to see their selection of Lincoln SUVs.

She said 'yes', and they went to the side lot to inspect the cars. There was a white one that she was interested in. It was, as the salesman indicated, loaded. It had everything. Janet liked it and was busy inspecting the car trunk, leaning in to see, when she turned to ask a question and caught the salesman with a strange look on his face staring downward.

She realized that he was staring at the back of her thighs, as she leaned into the car. She looked at him and laughed. His face got red.

She spoke up then: "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you but you were looking up my dress, at my thighs, weren't you? Please be honest."

The salesman sighed and just shook his head 'yes'.

She lifted her hand and ran it down his cheek and said: "You lovely man, here I am tempting you and you're only trying to do your job."

He was wide eyed at her attitude. Janet was feeling wonderful and horny. She didn't realize before that such a shopping trip would do this to her. She resolved to tell Noel about it, when they were together again.

She smiled at the salesman and leaned back into the car to 'look around again' giving him the same view again. Then with an instantaneous decision, she reached down and, grabbing the hem of her dress, pulled it up to her waist. Her panties were yellow nylon bikinis and did nothing to hide her ass cheeks.

She heard a monumental sigh from the salesman behind her. He seemed rooted in place. She turned to him but kept the skirt of her dress pulled up to her waist. Now she was putting her pussy on display, and he was staring. The front of his slacks was tented with obvious arousal.

Janet quietly asked him: "Can we take this for a test drive?"

"Yes," he said in a hoarse voice, "The keys are in it."

"Besides," Janet giggled, "We can't have you going back in there with that bulge." Again he just stared.

When they got into the car, Janet readjusted herself but she gathered the skirt of her dress behind her and leaned on it. She was in effect driving the car, and loving that, with her skirt up around her waist. He was staring and grinning now.

He reached out to touch her thigh at one point, and she said quietly: "Please not yet."

He pulled his hand back. 'That felt good, ' she said to herself, being in charge of his reaction. She pulled into a large mall parking lot and parked way in the back. She reflected that it was probably the cars of the employees.

"I love this car," she said.

"It's a beauty," was his reply, "But so are you."

"You are so kind," was her response.

She turned in her seat then and deliberately pulled the puffy sleeves of her sun dress down past her tits. Now he was staring at her lovely large tits with their stiff nipples. Janet reached behind her and released the clasp on her bra to show him her tits naked.

Then she said to him: "Touch now." and his hands were covering her tits and nipples. She liked, however, being in charge. Wiggling around, she reached for him and opened the zipper of his fly. His cock, not too huge, she noticed but not bad, fairly sprang out.

She lowered her mouth into his lap and took his cock in her mouth. She loved the softness of it, the touch of it, the taste of it. It reminded her all over again why she was such an eager 'cock sucker.' She looked up at him, stroking his cock, as she looked and said: "You don't mind, do you?"

"Hell, no," he said and then croaked: "My name is Jim."

She giggled at that and bent her head back down. This time she slid her head down and pulled all of the cock into her mouth and down to her throat; she could feel his pubic hair tickle her nose. She began to bob her head on him then, making sure that she held the cock tightly between her lips to pull on the cock skin. Jim came pretty quickly, and she swallowed it all down. He had a look of rapture on his face.

Janet looked at him, after she'd arranged herself and him and said: "You're going to brag about this?"

He grinned and shook his head 'yes'.

"Are they going to believe you?" was her next question.

Then a cloud passed his face and he said: "Probably not."

She grinned too then and reaching down tugged her panties down and off. She held them out against the steering wheel and wrote: "Jim: thank you for your help."

She signed it 'Janet' and gave the panties to him.

She also said to him then: "Oh, and by the way, I'll take the car; it's lovely."

When she left, driving the new car, she was happy. She giggled about the fact that this was her second new car in a few weeks. That reminded her what she wanted to do.

First of all, she called Julie. She was fortunate enough to catch her between practices. Janet was pleased to talk to her.

"Mistress," Janet said with pleasure.

"Well, if it isn't the slut." Julie said.

"Yes, it is." Janet replied. "I wanted to tell you that I've bought a new car."

"Oh," Julie said, "What a coincidence; I have a new car too. What kind is yours?"

"It's really just like yours but mine is white with beige interior, instead of beige with brown."

"Sounds lovely," Julie said, and did you have to give the salesman a blow job to get it?"

Janet colored; she said: "It's so uncanny, almost scary that you know me so well."

"Aha," Julie said, "Tell me slut," she finished with relish.

"Well," Janet continued, "I didn't have to give him a blow job but it was kind of fun."

"I imagine it was," Julie replied interested, "Too bad I couldn't watch."

"I agree, Mistress."

"What are you going to do now?" Julie asked.

"Since I can't lick you clean from practice," Janet said, "I thought I'd call your mom and take her for a ride."

"Oh, that's a good idea," Julie said. "You let me know what happens, hear?"

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said, "I miss you."

"I miss you too, puss," Julie said before she hung up.

Janet went ahead and called Jan. Julie's mom answered and seemed to be both pleased and flustered to be hearing from Janet.

Janet said to her: "Jan, I was wondering if you're free for a bit; I want to show you something and talk to you a bit."

She didn't hesitate at all: "For you, of course I am free. I can just take my lunch now. Where shall I meet you?"

Janet told her that she'd pick her up in front of her building. When Janet arrived, Jan was waiting on the sidewalk but didn't see her. Janet honked and waved and Jan came running.

She was spluttering, when she got into the car. "What a lovely, lovely car! Is it yours? Lovely."

"Yes, it is," Janet said, "I want to talk to you about it. But first there are some questions. Is it true that you want me to pick up where we left off last time?"

"Yes, uh, ma'am, it is," Jan said.

"Did Julie tell you?"

"She did," Janet said, "And she sends her love." Jan smiled.

"Fine, now," Janet began, "Why don't you tell me what kind of panties you're wearing?" Jan hesitated just a few seconds.

Janet said rather severely: "I want you to know that once we agree to this, as you have, if you hesitate like this, you will be slapped or punished."

"Is that what Julie does to you?"

"Yes, it is," Janet said with some exasperation in her voice, "And that's the last time I want to hear that kind of question; do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am, I certainly do."

"Now let's begin again," Janet said. "Tell me, what kind of panties are you wearing?"

"They're white nylon, the kind that goes all the way to the waist."

"Hmm," Janet said, "I see; well in a little we'll stop at my place so that I can get a look but I think that you'll have to stop wearing that style and wear something that I consider more sexy."

"Yes, ma'am," Jan replied. "Your bra?" Janet wanted to know then.

"Simple cotton," Jan answered, and she knew what was coming.

"Not good enough," Janet said, "In the future, if I catch you wearing these things, I will take you someplace public and make you strip them off. Understood?"

"Clearly," Jan replied.

They got sandwiches and went to a mall lot to eat them, sitting on an outside bench in a shaded area; they were alone there. "Now let me tell you about this car." Janet said to Jan.

Then Janet told briefly the story about her inheritance, the mistaken blow job and the car she was given.

"But you said it was beige;" Jan said, "This is white."

"Do you normally interrupt?" Janet said. Jan colored: "I forgot myself, ma'am; I'm sorry."

"Fine, "Janet said, "Kneel up on the seat." Jan did so. "Pull up your skirt to your waist." She did that also.

"Nice panties," Janet said but I don't like the style. I'll tell you when you can wear that type."

Then Janet slapped Jan's ass sharply five times. Jan was hyper ventilating, when Janet was finished.

Knowing what to do then, Jan said a quick and quiet "Thank you, ma'am."

"Rearrange yourself," Janet told her and then Jan was sitting back and finishing her lunch.

Janet continued the story. She told Jan of her decision to give the car to Julie. Jan was totally surprised and immediately had tears in her eyes. She simply took Janet's hand and kissed the back of her hand. Janet continued by telling Jan of the credit card she'd given Julie and their arrangement and the new computer that Julie bought.

Now Jan cried. "My job it fine but it is such a huge, huge stretch to get her to college."

She continued to cry. Janet said to Jan: "My inheritance amounts to many, many millions; the yearly income alone is almost 2 million dollars. We'll manage for Julie together."

Jan's only reply was to cry more.

"Hey, girlfriend," Janet said.

She briefly told Jan what the word "girlfriend" meant, that it indicated the desire to talk outside of the dom/sub relationship as friends. Janet held the sobbing woman for a bit and then Janet finished the story about buying the new car today.

"Okay," Janet said, "Now for us. What about dinner today?"

"That would be lovely," Jan said.

"Good I'll pick you up at 7 PM."

Janet left the mall then and drove to her place. "We just have time to stop here before you need to be back at work," she said to Jan.

They went into Janet's house and as soon as the door was shut, Janet said to the older woman: "Strip to your panties and heels. And in the future wear higher heels."

"Yes, ma'am," Jan said, as she hurried out of her suit coat and her blouse, then her bra, baring her perky, pointy nipples, and finally also removing her skirt.

Janet got her digital camera and took a few photos of Jan in her white nylon panties, front and back.

"I'm going to send them to Julie to show that we're making progress here with our thing."

"Ohhhh," Jan said.

But then Janet silenced her by moving to her and beginning to kiss her. Jan didn't quite know what to do with her hands, as they kissed intensely and deeply. Eventually Janet took one of Jan's hands and moved it down so that it was resting on her ass cheek. Then Jan began to explore Janet's ass, under the skirt of her dress, while Janet had her hands inside of Jan's panties.

Finally, Janet broke off and said: "I need to take you back to work. First, let me get something."

Janet came back with an erasable marker. She wrote: "I'm going to eat Janet's pussy tonight." on Jan's stomach beneath her panties. Jan blushed and began to feel the heat implied by the written sign.

"Now tonight,"Janet instructed her, "I want you to wear a short, short pleated skirt; nice bikini panties, a sexy color, and high heels; I mean higher than 3 inches. Do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am, I do," Jan said.

Then Janet continued: "I'm going to wear jeans or slacks because I want you to be the enter of attention."

"Ohhhh," Jan replied. "May I ask what's going to happen?" Jan asked quietly.

"Well not really; it's fairly impudent but I'll tell you that I'm going to take you out and feed you to a group of guys somewhere. Then I'll bring you home; clean you up, and let you earn the sign on your stomach. Then," here Janet smiled, "I'm going to tie you up for being impertinent and spank you."

"Yes, ma'am," Jan said, rather unsure of herself. Janet let her dress as they went to take Jan back to work.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 11 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 10 - Chapter 12 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 11
Posted: November 12, 2009 - 06:01:38 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Janet had a little time before she was due to pick up Jan for the evening. She booted her computer and was successful in raising Julie on her chat program. Janet made sure that she was wearing only her panties, when she connected. Julie was glad to hear from her. "How's my sexy bitch?" Julie asked. "Almost naked, and happy to be talking to you, Mistress," Janet answered.

"Getting into trouble?"

"Oh, not much," Janet answered. "Nasty girl!" Julie laughed.

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said. "It seems like it's been a long time."

"I know, puss," Julie said, "I know you have your own sex life, and I don't own all your time, just your time, when we're together. Now what about my mom?"

Janet explained how she'd told Jan about the gifts.

"Thank you," Julie said.

"It's really my pleasure," Janet replied.

"But then what about the sex thing?" Julie asked.

"I have to admit, Mistress, that I'm a bit troubled by it."

"Why?" Julie asked in a cold voice.

Janet hastened to tell her: "Please don't be angry; it's only that she is your mother and I don't want you mad at me."

Julie laughed. "Don't be silly, puss," she said, "This is something that mom is craving and you'll be doing me a great service. Does that help you?"

"Yes, ma'am, " Janet said.

"As a matter of fact," Julie continued, "I'm telling you to go ahead with the project."

"Thank you, ma'am," Janet said, "I kiss your hand."

"Lovely," Julie said. Then she continued: "But is there any progress? What can you tell me?"

"I ... uh ... took some digital photos of her today." Janet said.

"Oh, how cool," was Julie's reply, "Send me one now."

Janet messed around just a bit and sent Julie a picture of her mom in Janet's place wearing only the waist high white nylon panties.

"Oh, how delicious!" Julie said.

Then Janet sent one that showed what she'd written on Jan's stomach.

"You wicked, wicked, wicked woman," Julie laughed. "When I get home I'll make sure that you do dirty things that will make your head spin."

"Oh, I hope so, Mistress," Janet said. "Well, tell me your plans for this evening."

Janet went over the plans with Julie and left her laughing about it, as she indicated that she had a practice to go to. They signed off with kisses.

Janet was on time to pick Jan up. Jan was really striking in her short gray pleated skirt. It was a good 5" above her knees and showed her long legs to advantage. She was wearing a pair of red 4" heels that added to the effect and a white silk blouse with a soft bra that allowed her nipples to poke out and display themselves.

"Edible!" was Janet's comment, "Really, really edible!"

Jan blushed and thanked Jan as they went off to the restaurant.

As they were walking into the restaurant, Janet said to her: "Now swing your ass."

She took Jan's hand and put it on her own ass, as she swayed it back and forth. "Ohhhhhhh," Jan said with pleasure.

Jan copied the motion and they swayed into the restaurant. They were seated in a darker corner directly across from a group of men in suits, with their ties open.

Once they were seated, Janet said to Jan: "They're watching you, sweet ass." Jan blushed at that.

"Now here's what I want you to do," Janet continued. "Put your left hand on the folds of your skirt so that it's trapped by your hand on the very front edge of the seat. Then kind of shift to the right as if for comfort. Let's show these guys some thigh."

Jan did the movement as Janet has asked.

Jan blushed then and said to Janet: "Uh ... ma'am, it worked but now a bit of my red panties is showing."

"Lovely," Janet smiled, "Leave it that way."

The guys had their eyes riveted on the women through the meal. Both girls opted for salads and a glass of white wine. The waiter was young, charming and gay. He kept up a delightful banter with Janet and Jan every time he came to the table.

As they were finishing, Janet said to Jan with a smile: "Now go into the ladies' and bring back your red panties."

Jan moved to do so, noticing that the guys at the table across the way seemed disappointed. When Jan came back she handed the panties to Janet. Janet paid the tab and left the waiter a huge tip.

She said to him: "I need a favor."

"Anything, you sweet thing," he said grinning. Then he added: "Well, maybe not anything." Both he and Janet giggled at that.

Then Janet handed him the panties and told him to give those to the men at the other table, once she and Jan had left the restaurant. The waiter giggled again and said to Janet: "You're so bad; you make sure that you come back." His name was Terrence.

She kissed him on the cheek and said: "I will, Terrence."

They went to the car both giggling about what they had done. Janet began to drive still not telling Jan exactly where they were going. She drove into the hills and came to a road that seemed fairly remote. Trees were all around them. They slowly edged toward a clearing and pulled in by a few other cars.

There was a small crowd of guys in the clearing drinking. Janet noticed immediately that Roger Savage was one of the guys. She sighed to herself and grinned outwardly. The other four she didn't know.

She parked and turned to Jan saying: "I want you to do everything that I tell you to; do you completely understand?"

"Yes, ma'am," she answered, "I certainly do." To emphasize this she kissed Janet's hand.

Jan held up a hand and tentatively said: "Girlfriends?"

"Girlfriends," Janet said with a smile.

Jan continued then: "It's just ... ah ... that I've never ever done anything like this before." She glanced at the young guys drinking beer in the clearing. "And it is so ... so absolutely exciting. I don't know what I'll ever do to say thank you. And I really don't know how to proceed."

Janet laughed and said: "You're lovely and sexy; they're young and always horny. Don't worry; I'll make sure that they know the ground rules."

Jan kissed Janet's hand again, and said: "I'm ready, ma'am."

"Good," Janet said, "Let's go."

They got out of the car and Janet greeted Roger Savage, who came to see them. He was smiling.

"Roger," she said with considerable warmth. He was a little nervous; she could tell.

He greeted her also: "Ms. Peters," he said.

She smiled and said to him: "Roger, it's Janet to you."

He grinned then and said: "Janet, how nice to see you again."

When he got to where the two women were standing, Janet hugged him.

They embraced for a bit and then Janet broke it off and said: "Roger, this is my friend Jan. Jan this is Mr. Savage. Jan inclined her head to him and said: "Mr. Savage, it's a pleasure."

Roger spoke up then: "What can we do for you, Janet?"

She smiled broadly: "Well I need to tell you something that I never got a chance to tell you in school but mainly I'm here because I want your friends to fuck Jan."

He looked at her and said: "Only my friends?"

She picked that up and got closer to him and said: "Oh, Roger, but I'm here for you."

Then his grin spread from wall to wall. She continued then: "Will you do me the favor of telling them, once I get Jan ready, that each of them will be able to fuck her and get their cocks sucked. But no rough stuff. Those are my terms."

"Cool," Roger said. He waited for Janet to do what she needed with Jan.

Then Janet spoke up to Jan giving her instructions: "Okay, now bitch, give me your blouse and bra."

She held out her hand for the items. Jan immediately began to strip off her blouse. Soon she was handing it over to Janet. And then came the bra. Her tits were smallish but nicely formed and not saggy. Her nipples were large and extremely hard.

The four guys waiting were already making lewd comments about Jan's tits.

Janet continued with her instructions: "Skirt!" She said in an authoritarian fashion.

Jan stripped off her skirt now and the guys waiting whistled, since she was now naked except for her red shoes.

Janet then held out her hand and said: "Kiss my hand and go with Roger."

Jan knelt and kissed the back of Janet's hand, saying to her at the same time: "Thank you, thank you, Mistress for this opportunity."

Janet turned to Roger and said: "Roger?"

He went to the guys and said: "Hey, guys, it's your lucky night. My friend Janet here has brought a playmate for you. This is Jan."

They greeted her with enthusiasm. "Here are the ground rules," he continued.

"Each of you gets a blow job and gets to fuck her pussy. No rough stuff. Clear?"

"Sure, man," was the response all around. Roger took Jan by the arm and led her to the four horny teens.

She was smiling and said to them: "Hi, guys." They clustered around here, and suddenly there were hands everywhere.

Roger went back to where Janet was watching and smiling. "You have something to tell me?" he asked.

"Yes," she said smiling, "Remember what I said about your prick that last day of school?" He smiled and said that 'yes' he remembered. "Well, I wanted you to know that I'd really like the opportunity to taste it."

Roger smiled and said: "Oh you would, would you?"

"Yes," she said smiling. "Well I guess then you'd better ask for it nicely," he said, now being serious.

It was obvious that he was taking charge. Janet loved it. She sunk to her knees and looked up at him with a beseeching look on her face and said: "Uh, Mr. Savage, we've known each other for a while; I enjoyed being your teacher. I've enjoyed even more being your sex toy. I remember that you made me strip naked and put me in the trunk of the car to take me to the barn to be fucked, to suck you all, to be fucked by your dog and even suck your dog's cock. I remember and my mouth waters at the remembrance. Won't you please let me suck your cock now?"

"Not dressed the way you are," he said with a gleam in his eye.

He led her over to where the guys were working on Jan. The guys were naked and one was fucking her in the pussy and one had his hands in her hair and his cock in her mouth. She was sucking with a great blubbering and slobbering sound. They were making dirty comments on what a cock sucker she was. She already had cum on her face and dripping off of her chin.

Roger spoke up to interrupt them: 'Guys, keep on with the bitch if you're busy but if you're not then I want to tell you something."

Janet was standing next to him looking very docile. "My friend Janet here is actually Ms. Janet Peters; she's a chemistry teacher at the high school."

Heads snapped to look at her, when he said that. She simply smiled. She had gone into her 'zone' and was excited by everything he was saying and what she assumed he was about to do.

"Now I'll have her describe to you what five of us did to her one day after school." "Tell them, slut." He ordered.

She nodded her head at him and said: "Uh, guys, the five students that he's talking about came into my room and took me to the parking lot. At my car in the lot, they told me to strip naked. When I was naked, they took me to a barn for a party. Everyone fucked me, mouth and pussy. They beat my ass as I was lying over a bale of hay, and then they let one of their dogs fuck me. They also strung me up and beat me with their belts."

"And?" Roger said loudly. "And," she continued, "I loved it."

"Fine then," he continued. "Show them how you were dressed."

She didn't hesitate now. It was a turn on for her to be under his authority again. She took off her blouse and her bra, shaking her big tits free. The guys made lewd comments about her tits and nipples, as she unzipped and took off her jeans. She stood and shivered just a bit in her panties.

With a hand gesture he told her to take the panties off. And then she was naked. He came to her then and said to her: "Kneel and tell them what you want right now."

She looked at the leering guys, although two of them were still working Jan over in another part of the clearing, and said: "I want his cock in my mouth and I will do anything to get it there."

They laughed. He moved to her and said: "You want it really bad, don't you?"

"Yes, sir," she said, "I want your cock in my mouth really bad."

"Good," he continued, "Then whine for it."

She blinked and then began to make a whining noise in her throat, much like the whining of a dog.

"Good girl," Roger said. He then broke off a small branch from the tree and shouted at her: "Now wiggle your ass and whine."

She did, and he hit her ass with the branch. It make her squeal and yip and then increased her whining. He kept hitting her ass with the branch and she kept whining and yipping.

The guys were shouting with laughter. Finally Roger went to where she was. She was still kneeling and looking up at him. He smiled at her and said: "Let's do this, babe."

She smiled back and raised herself up to grasp, first with her hand, and then with her mouth the cock that he had had out and was taunting her with. She sighed. She liked this; she really liked this. Wonderful size and girth, large head in her mouth and then the entrance to her throat. Her head bobbed up and down. She made slurping noises just like Jan was still making with the other guys who were now focusing on her again.

Then Roger moved her. She moved so that her ass was facing him, giving him access to whichever part of her he was aiming at, pussy or ass. Then he was there and had stuffed her pussy. She sighed and moved against him.

"He feels so good," she thought, and moved against him with more zest. He pushed into her and accompanied the push with a slap to her ass. It brought a grunt from her and greater efforts. But then he shifted her again so that he was lying on top of her. The mood had changed. She recognized it and gazed at him, still pushing into her, and he noticed it also.

He said: "No, this time; I want to look at your face, watch you, while we do this."

He continued with her, and kissed her as he did. It was a different event now, a different game. She sighed with the length of him filling her up.

"Janet," he said, as he moved against her, "I will never forget this or you."

She grabbed him and pulled him to herself as he finished. Then he saw the tears in her eyes and he kissed her again.

The guys were finally finished with Jan. Jan was spent and looked used. She was resting on her knees with the guys seated around her. She didn't even seem to notice any more that she was naked.

Janet had risen and put her panties back on. She turned and saw Roger staring at her and smiling. The soft mood had not yet been broken, it seemed. She walked to him and put her arms around his neck.

Then she whispered into his ear: "I've quit at the high school."

"Oh, no," he said with some fervor. "It's not because of us, is it?"

Janet smiled up at him and said back: "No, not really; it's a combination of things. It's mainly me wanting to get away from this area where my former husband and I lived. I want to look into and start something new. I have the opportunity now and think I will enjoy it. Plus," she continued, "You're going away to school anyway."

"Yes, I know," he answered.

"And I might just move to Florida; Noel, Robin's mom, and I are going soon to look over a house."

"I like Florida," he said, grinning. "Oh, you must come and visit then."

Her smile was broad, when she said it. Then he stepped back and looked at her for a moment. "You are probably the greatest piece of ass, the most beautiful that I've ever seen."

"Thanks, I think," she said.

Then he laughed and said: "I don't know which I like better, the slutty bitch who will do anything she's told or the soft, soft woman with magnificent breasts and a gorgeous ass that cuddles into a person like she knows she'll fit."

Janet grinned back at him, knowing that his words were warming her. "Both are available to you," she said.

But he frowned then and said: "What about Jules?"

"Oh," she came back, "You've heard about that?"

"Yes, it's around as a kind of rumor, you know."

"It's true," she said, "I am her sex slave, and I really like it. But she doesn't restrict my own life, when we're not together. But when we are, it's wild."

"I bet it is," he answered with a grin. "But this is so cool," he began then.

"What is?" she wanted to know.

"The two of us here, standing and talking while you are wearing only a pair of panties. It kind of pushes my mind into a cool place."

"Yes, I know," she said to him. Then she took him by the hand and walked him to the other side of her car. He looked at her as she now slipped her panties down her legs and off again. "Do it to me, Roger;" she said softly. "Do it to me one more time."

She was unzipping his pants as she said it. She knelt to pull his pants down and off. Then, when she had him naked from the waist down, she turned and bent over for him in invitation. He didn't wait. He was hard again and entered her from behind. He grabbed her magnificent, naked ass cheeks and pulled her to him, as he moved in the love making. She was crooning in her throat as she felt him fill her pussy again.

Too soon it was over this time for both of them. He slipped out but she wasn't done yet; she turned and knelt and took his softening cock into her mouth and cleaned him up. She went for her panties and put them back on and was in his arms again then.

"Roger," she said softly, "I need you to help me get them to clean Jan up, so I can take her home. She's done for the night."

He walked over to the other part of the large clearing, as Janet put on her jeans, bra and blouse.

"Hey guys," he said, "Up and at 'em. You need to help clean this sporty gal off, so she can go home. But do it gently," he chided, "You've used her up, it looks like."

They laughed at that and helped raise Jan to her feet. They used their own t shirts to wipe the cum off of her face and to clean her between the legs. She winced once, when they were doing that.

"Gently I said" Roger snapped and they softened their approach.

By then Janet was back among them and ready to go. She helped Jan get into her skirt, blouse and heels and they were ready to leave. Jan insisted on kissing each of the four guys she'd been making it with, while Janet and Roger kissed one more time.

Janet sighed, when they broke the kiss and said quietly: "Wonderful, just wonderful. I really hope we can get together at least one more time before I go to Florida"

He kissed her again and answered: "Call me at my Dad's store."

The women were quiet in the car, as they went back to Janet's place.

Finally, Jan said to Janet: "I just don't know how to say a 'thank you'; that was an experience that I've fantasized about for ages, and here you've brought it to me and given it to me as a gift. I will really and truly do anything for you that you tell me to."

Janet reached out and stroked her face. "First, a shower. And then... ?"

Jan reached over and kissed Janet and whispered to her: "And then, I swear, anything you want."

"Mmmm," Janet grinned, "Sounds nice. It's lovely to be in that position to make that offer; I know."

"Yes, ma'am," Jan said, "I understand."

They got back and stripped once they were at Janet's and the shower was indeed the first order of business. Janet had Julie's mom put her hands in the air and proceeded to wash her: face and neck, then armpits, then tits with special care spent on Jan's nipples, then lower across her belly to her pussy but gently there, then around the back ending in a thorough cleaning of the tall woman's ass and asshole area.

Jan was sighing and moaning by the time it was done. Jan leaned against the shower wall, as Janet washed herself.

"I don't know when the last time was when I felt this turned on, this horny," Jan said. "I just want you to do unspeakably dirty things to me."

Janet laughed, "Oh, I will."

Janet got a gleam in her eye then and pushed on Jan's shoulder to have her kneeling in front of her in the stream of water. Jan leaned forward to capture Janet's pussy in her mouth but Janet held her a moment. Janet positioned her legs so that she was standing spraddled with her legs spread wide. She pulled Jan's shoulders into the inside of her legs. Now her pussy was directly in front of Jan's mouth. Janet pulled her forward and made sure that Jan's mouth covered her pussy mound fully.

"Keep your eyes on me,"Janet ordered.

So, Jan knelt with Janet's pussy at her open mouth and her eyes cast up and watching Janet's face. Her surprise was total, when Janet began to piss into Jan's mouth. With a surprise sound from her throat, Jan began to swallow the flowing stream. She reached around and grasped Janet by the ass cheeks to pull her closer to her face, as she swallowed the piss.

When Janet was finished, she smiled and asked: "Dirty enough for you?"

"O god," Jan said, "Was that a turn on."

Once they were out and toweled off, Janet led Jan back to the bed.

"Now," Janet began her instructions for the tall woman, "I want you over my lap."

"Spanking now?" Jan asked with a kind of quaver in her voice.

"Spanking now," Janet said with some finality. "And I want you to count the slaps and thank be once we're done. Am I clear?"

"Very clear, Mistress," Jan said, bending to kiss Janet's hand.

Jan spread herself over Janet's lap and Janet began to slap the shapely naked ass in front of her. The blows were not light and they came quickly. Jan tried not to cry out but was sobbing in no time; still she counted the blows.

When the spanking was finished, Janet maneuvered Jan to a kneeling position between her legs and demanded that she now make good on the sign that was on her belly for the night. Jan began by kissing her way up each inner thigh and finally got to Janet's pussy. She licked and probed with her tongue. She inserted her tongue and found Janet's clit. This she began to suck and lick. She brought Janet to a crashing orgasm in no time at all.

Janet called Jan into the bathroom, after just a little bit. "I'm going to talk to Julie via the computer and I want to be ready. I'll let you talk to her, if that is her wish. Understand?"

"Yes, ma'am," Jan said.

"Okay," Janet continued, "Here's an erasable marker. I want you to write on my what I tell you and where."

Janet had Jan write on her forehead: "Ms. Peters Chem Teacher."

Then on Janet's upper chest, just above her tits, it was: "Janet, Julie's cunt"

On her right tit she had the sign: " Bite me please."

On her left tit it was: "Pinch me, please."

On her stomach was the sign: "Julie's big asssed slut."

On each thigh was the sign: "Julie's pussy," with an arrow pointing to Janet's pussy.

On her ass cheeks was a similar design: "Julie's asshole," with an arrow pointing to Janet's ass.

Then Janet put on the black dog collar that said: "Julie's Slut" and she was ready.

Jan just stared at Janet, when she'd finished. "Oh, shit, you look so hot!"

Janet smiled at Jan and said: "Well consider this; since Julie's not here, it's you I'm coming to bed with." Jan grinned at that and sunk to her knees to kiss Janet's hand.

The very last touch was her shoes. Janet wore a pair of 5" 'fuck me' heels and the black dog collar, nothing more. When she was ready, Janet went to the computer and logged on. Julie was already on her computer and Janet sent an invitation for a video chat.

Julie came on and Janet had a huge smile on her face.

She said: "Mistress, it's such a treat for me to see you tonight."

"Well look at you, all decked out!" She said this as Janet stepped away from the computer and stood for inspection. She turned around to be seen from all angles.

"Marvelous!" Julie sighed. "Here I am in camp here and celibate and you come on looking like all my wet dreams. When I get home, you'll get it for sure."

"Oh, I hope so," was Janet's reply. Then Julie was interrupted by a voice off screen.

"Carolyn come here," Julie said. "I'm talking to one of my high school teachers. My chemistry teacher, Ms. Peters."

"Teacher?" Carolyn almost squealed, "How lame is that."

"Well come over here and at least say 'hello' to her." She turned back to Janet and said: "Carolyn lacks manners."

A new young face now came into view and she was in the process of saying: "Hi, Ms. Peters," when she gasped and said simply "Oh, shit, Julie. Is this for real?"

Julie laughed and said to Janet, "Tell me, slut, are you for real?"

"Yes, Mistress, I am," was Janet's reply.

"So then stand up and display yourself for Carolyn." Janet did as she was told. She stood and faced the camera. Then she turned around slowly to display herself.

"Wow!" was Carolyn's only response. "Tell Carolyn what you'll do for me, puss." Julie said.

Janet responded right away: "Mistress Julie, I'll do anything you tell me to."

"Anything?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said with her head lowered.

"Far out," was Carolyn's next comment.

"Is my mother there?" Julie asked. "Yes, ma'am; she's in the next room." "Good, get her; get her naked and let Carolyn watch you lick her asshole."

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said.

She went to the doorway and spoke to Jan. Jan came into the room right away; she was totally naked, as told.

Carolyn brayed at that. "Julie, what the fuck!"

"Just watch," Julie said.

"Hi, honey," Jan said to Julie.

"Hi, Mom," Julie replied. "I guess that Janet has been using you."

"Yes, sweetie," Jan replied, "Thanks for making that possible."

"We'll talk about it, Mom," Julie said. "Now bend over and spread your ass cheeks. Janet has something to do here that I've told her to do."

Jan did as she was told and Janet nestled behind her and pressed her face to Jan's ass. She did it at an angle so that Julie and Carolyn could see her tongue moving up and down the crack of Jan's ass. Jan began to moan now and Janet started to force her tongue into Jan's asshole, farther and farther.

"Bring her off," Julie ordered.

Janet reached between Jan's legs and began to rub her pussy. She had Jan bucking and cumming in no time. But she didn't stop licking her asshole until Julie told her to.

Carolyn was agog. "You rock, Jules," she said with a grin. "But I'll leave you love birds alone now. I'm going into the next room and play with myself," she said with a smile. Jan went into the bathroom also. It left Janet and Julie alone.

"I've been selected for the varsity team," Julie said with obvious pride.

"Oh, how wonderful!" Janet said with real enthusiasm.

"It means though that when I come home I'll only be home a week before I have to report for training. Janet found herself crying suddenly at the thought.

"Hey, sweet one," Julie said, "Hey."

"I'm sorry, Mistress," Janet said, "Noel and I have to go to Florida soon and that might be a permanent move. And you're going to school early and it makes me sad."

Janet struggled for a few seconds before she said: "You've made this so incredibly real for me. You've kind of given me the benefit of a relationship for all these tumbling feelings. I hate to have to lose that."

Julie replied: "Then we won't talk of losing it; we'll plan to be together when we can. But when I come home, I have a huge number of wet dreams that I'm going to make a reality with you."

"Oh, good," Janet said.

"Now, my sweet ass," Julie said, "Play with yourself for me. Make yourself cum for me."

Janet did as she was told, enjoying the toying and the show she was putting on for Julie.

Janet was roused the next morning from sleep by a soft voice next to her saying: "Good morning, beautiful."

She opened her eyes and saw Jan lying in bed and smiling at her. "Good morning, Jan," she returned.

"Any morning plans?" Jan asked.

"Yes," Janet answered right away, "How about out for breakfast."

"Lovely," Jan said, then she hesitated. "But I have only that short skirt ensemble to wear; unless you plan a repeat of last night."

Janet giggled at that thought. "I think we can outfit you okay," she said.

They ended up wearing lycra exercise pants that Janet had for working out with Julie. Janet's were sky blue and Jan's were black. Their ensembles were finished off by tee shirts and, with their hair fixed they were good to go. It was a relaxed kind of outing for the both of them. They laughed and giggled like school girls and discovered in the process that they really did like one another. They spoke for a while about Julie and her prospects at school. Both of them knew that if the opportunity presented itself in the future that they'd be lovers again.

Jan again told Janet how much she appreciated the evening before. They giggled again into their morning coffee about how exciting it had been. They ended up talking shamelessly about how much they'd both like to do the waiter. The left hand in hand turning heads as they went.

She puttered around the house. She also, no matter what she was doing, had flash backs to the events of the past half year. She found herself being turned on more and more often by these thoughts.

Finally it was a Tuesday evening and she decided to settle down with the photos and videos that Joe had prepared for her. She put the lights out and used only the light from the tv set. She sat down to start the video but then thought for a moment, and with a smile on her face, she took off her jeans, her t shirt, her running shoes and socks. She was going to sit there wearing just her yellow bikini panties and enjoy the show.

"Really enjoy it," she thought to herself with a giggle. There was an answering voice in her head some place that said to her: "Too bad no one is here to tell you what to do or even to make you do things." Janet acknowledged the voice and said back to it: "Yes, too bad."

As she began her sex session, she remembered also the photos, and, putting on a light by her chair, she began with the photos. They were medium shots and close ups of her wearing those pink, nylon, bikini panties that she wore for the gang bang. (Even using the word 'gang bang' stirred something inside of Janet.) she repeated it a few times out loud to hear the word.

Then she said, also out loud, "I took part in a gang bang last week."

It actually gave her the shivers. She set the photos aside, turned on the video and reached into her panties. Then the phone rang. "Damn," she thought, not wanting to be bothered.

"Hello," she said quietly.

"Hi, slut! Guess who." the voice said.

Janet recognized Julie's voice right away, back from the soccer camp that she'd gone to. Her temperature shot up a few degrees and she realized that she had goose bumps. She certainly recalled the very thinly veiled threats from Julie about how she'd treat Janet, when she got back from the soccer camp.

Janet said to her breathlessly, "Mistress, you're back. It's marvelous, marvelous to hear from you."

Julie said brightly: "Yes, drove back in my snazzy Lincoln; I'll have to show it to you, bitch."

"I would love to see it," Janet replied with a giggle.

Julie reveled in the niceness then brushed it aside and started to make demands on Janet immediately: "I've am so horny; just up at that camp thinking my dirty thoughts about what I'm going to do to you." she began.

"Ohhhhh good," Janet replied.

"So, what are you doing, slut? Tell me and don't lie and what are you wearing. If you dare to lie, I'll skin you."

Janet shivered again and said: "Mistress Stone, I wouldn't presume to lie to you; I'm sorry you're not here for me to kiss your hand."

"Did you hear my questions, bitch?" Julie then demanded.

"Yes, ma'am, " came Janet's quick reply, "I just looked at some photos of my ass and pussy in a pair of panties that got slit with a knife at a gang bang last week," Janet said simply, as though she were giving her former student the time of day.

"Hmm," came Julie's reply, "Gang bang, eh?"
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 10 - Chapter 12 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 11
Posted: November 12, 2009 - 06:01:38 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

"Yes, ma'am," was Janet's simple reply. "Wearing now?" came the next order from Julie.

"Just yellow, nylon, bikini panties," Janet answered.

"Sweet," Julie said. "Can you see your pussy and ass through them?"

"Yes, Mistress, you can."

"And?" Julie prodded her further.

"And," Janet now continued, "I was just going to play a video that was taken of the gang bang, and," here she hesitated only a second or two, "And I was going to play with myself."

"Stop," Julie ordered, "I'll be right there."

"Yes, ma'am; but ... uh..." Janet kind of stuttered, "What shall I be wearing, when you arrive?"

"The same thing you're wearing now," Julie growled at her former teacher.

"Put on one single extra piece of clothing and I will go away and come back but when I come back you will answer the door down at the main entrance, instead of at the door or your apartment. Am I clear?"

"Yes, ma'am, you are; very clear." Now Janet was shivering again, only this time it was pure anticipation.

She waited now, pacing just a bit around the apartment, dressed only in those yellow, bikini panties, not daring to put anything else on. Finally the door bell rang, and without hesitation she buzzed the buzzer and waited.

Then the knock on the door sounded and Janet went to open it. She stood full in the doorway not daring to hide herself. Julie came into the apartment, and Janet backed up a few steps.

It was Julie first who spoke: "Well, Ms. Janet fucking Peters, you are truly a wet dream, all spanking new and shiny there in your yellow panties and nothing, nothing fucking else."

As soon as Julie began to speak, Janet knelt and grasping Julie's hand began to kiss the back of her hand.

When Julie had finished, Janet said simply: "Welcome back, Mistress."

Julie continued: "Now I'll tell you what we're going to do; we going into your living room, so that I can talk to you about this evening and as we go, you're going to shake that marvelous, nearly naked ass because at last, Ms. Janet fucking Peters, you're shaking it only for me, only for Julie. Do you clearly understand me?"

"Yes, ma'am, I clearly do understand you; when I walk ahead of you this time and shake my marvelous ass, I'm shaking it only for you, only for my Mistress."

"Move" Julie commanded and Janet went; she also lived up to Julie's expectations, swinging her hips and ass cheeks from side to side for Julie's benefit. "That's too fucking nice! It's been a long time at that soccer camp." was Julie's comment.

Julie looked Janet over a long time; she sighed and said: "Teacher, teacher, it's like the first time again. I feel randy and in a mood to be rough, and you look so fucking good. The air's electric; can you feel it, cunt?"

"Yes, ma'am, I can." was Janet's only comment.

"We're going to do those dirty things that you asked for, when we were together, when I was at the soccer camp." Julie sighed contentedly then: "Dirty things," she said again.

"Thank you, Mistress," Janet said, kissing Julie's hand. Janet was lost in this lovely, frightening world of sex that always seemed to take over when she was with Julie. Lost, just lost.

"Okay, next step, cunt," Julie continued as she sat down, "While I talk to you and explain tonight, I want you to stand in front of me. I want your hands up in the air over your head and about every minute I want you to turn front, to side, to back, to side, to front. Understand? I want you on display. I want you to be showing off yourself just exactly like I fantasized so many times at the soccer camp, only now it's even better because here you are naked except for your panties and here I am fully clothed."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, putting her hands up in the air and standing to face Julie.

"I'll tell you when to start," Julie finished.

"Thank you, ma'am." Janet replied and maintained the pose for Julie.

"Now," Julie continued with her instructions, "next basic rule for us right now is for you to be honest. When I ask you, as I will many times this evening, what you're thinking and feeling. I want an answer an honest answer. I want to know what's inside of you and how you're reacting and moving with what we're doing. Can you do that?"

"Yes, Miss Julie, ma'am, I certainly can."

"Fine, you big, tasty looking cunt; so, practice, tell me now."

"Just now," Janet said with some concentration, "I am really turned on; I mean by your tone, your manner, your orders, and certainly by the incongruity of the situation, with me your teacher, ... er former teacher, here almost naked and attentive to your every desire. My panties are getting wet with my anticipation of what you'll have me do. I love being your bitch. I am so glad that you're back."

"Lovely," Julie said. Indicating that Janet could execute a partial turn now, showing a profile that included her lovely, large tits with spiky and stiff nipples.

"Good," Julie continued. "Next I want you periodically tonight to call me 'darling'; I want you to throw it into the conversation; I want you to impress anyone who's around that you are absolutely, totally mine. Got it?"

Julie then motioned for Janet to execute another turn, so that she now had her back with her lovely ass cheeks barely hidden by the material of her panties facing the dominant young woman.

"Yes, of course, I've got it, darling," Janet said, and used the word as though it were the sweetest word in her vocabulary.

"You're doing fine, my big robust bitch teacher." Julie smiled at her.

"Thank you, ma'am," came Janet's reply.

Julie motioned for Janet to turn another time giving her other side profile to the dominant former student.

"Tonight we're going out," Julie began again. "You see, I've told some friends of mine about you and that you'd be willing to be the entertainment at a little party just for us girls. Won't that be fun?"

"Yes, my darling," Janet said with conviction, "Your friends will be my friends."

"Good," Julie said, "First I want to take a little time here to decorate you a bit; it's just a whim of mine, you don't mind, do you?"

"Not at all, ma'am," came Janet's reply.

"I've been thinking about these things, lying awake at night at times at that camp. And now I'm here; we're here. "Now come and kneel here," Julie directed her.

Janet moved to where Julie was sitting and knelt in front of her former student's knees. "I have something important to tell you but first tell me what you're feeling."

"I'm somewhere between joy at pleasing you and a kind of deep anticipation that you're going to move onto something that I'm not going to like. But I am even more turned on now than before."

"Good girl," Julie said stroking Janet's face, "You're getting it."

Janet took Julie's stroking hand and kissed the palm of it saying: "Thank you, darling, darling, darling."

Julie was grinning, when Janet finished. "Well," Julie continued, "It's this: I know that you don't like to be hurt but I suspect that being hurt turns you on, the pain turns you on. Tell me."

Janet spoke slowly and softly, "Yes, darling, you're right; it's more that I'm afraid of the pain but when the pain comes, when it's happening, it really does make me hot. I wish I could explain it better but I can't. I hope you'll forgive me for not being clearer."

"That's fine, my dove," Julie said. "You see, one of my primary objects tonight is reserved for later. I'll be with you to protect you, when we're with the group but all the while I want you to know that when we get back here later, I' m going push our thing to another kind of level; I'm going to hurt you. I'm going to do things that you won't like. I mean things that have not been done before. Maybe the group will want to spank you but that's probably an old turn on for you by now, isn't it?"

Janet shook her head 'yes'. Julie suddenly slapped Janet's face saying to her: "Always talk to me, always."

"I'm sorry," Janet said with tears gathering, "It's just that it makes me so afraid. I mean the waiting for it."

"But that's the game, my dove, my nearly naked, panting former teacher, teacher, who is now in my power and is mine to use or abuse. That's the point. You're going to be the mouse and I'm going to be the cat. And you're going to know all evening long that, when we return home here, I'm going to hurt you; I'm going to do things that you won't like at all."

Then Janet did begin to cry. Julie pulled the older woman so that she was leaning her head in Julie's lap, while Julie stroked her hair.

"I'm so sorry, ma'am; it's just that I'm afraid now, and I oh so much don't want to disappoint you, and it's been a while now and I'm so horny."

"Oh, you won't, teacher," Julie said with firm conviction, "You won't."

"Now let's go and we'll get you all ready for the party." Having said this, Julie pulled Janet to her feet and marched her into the bathroom.

"What shall I wear?" Janet asked.

"Oh," Julie answered with a grin, "I think what you have on will do just fine."

"Oh," was Janet's only comment in a very small voice.

"But let me get a few things from my bag and get you ready."

Julie pulled from the bag a tube of flaming red lipstick. "Here," she instructed, "Put this on; by the end of the evening I want my chem teacher's red lip prints all over my thighs, pussy and ass. Clear?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, "Very clear."

The treatment was washing over Janet in waves now; she found herself lost in it and as excited by it as she had been by the way any of the others treated her. She also wondered exactly how she attracted such attentions but was secretly glad that she did.

A pinch to her nipple brought her out of the reverie. "What were you thinking just then?" Julie demanded to know.

Janet told her exactly what had been going on in her mind. It caused Julie to smile and lean in for a kiss. Janet offered an open mouth and all the tongue that Julie seemed to want. She tried to treat Julie's tongue as though it were a cock.

"Yes," Julie laughed, patting Janet on the ass, "You are a cock sucker, I can tell." Janet blushed.

"Now it's going to be some statements and some advertising for you, in preparation for the party," Julie said brightly.

She produced a black choker from her bag and showed it to Janet. It had a dangling emblem on it that read: "Hi! I'm Janet Peters, Chemistry Teacher at Northwestern High; I'm also Julie Stone's submissive sex slave."

"Ohhhhhhh!" Janet said and discovered that she was pleased at the official announcement and also pleased to have Julie put it on her.

"May I say, mistress," she offered, "That I'm really pleased by my sign."

"Thanks, sweet ass," Julie replied, giving Janet another pat on the ass.

Next from the bag came a marker pen. "Now for the advertisements and offers. Directly over Janet's left tit, Julie wrote: "Cock Sucker." Over the right tit she wrote: "Pussy Eater". On her left tit just above the large brownish nipple she wrote: "Pinch Me!" On her right tit above the nipple she wrote: "Bite me!" She stepped back and admired her handiwork for a moment, and said: "Lovely."

Then she turned Janet around and wrote just above the line of the waist band of her yellow panties: "Slap my ass, bite my ass!"

Turning her teacher around again, Julie wrote: "This pussy belongs to Julie Stone," just above Janet's pussy hair.

"Almost finished here," Julie said, "Maybe a few more lovely advertisements to induce people. She wrote on Janet's cheeks: "Piss in my mouth" on one side and "Let me eat you," on the other.

Janet was severely blushing by the time that Julie was finished.

"Okay, photo time," Julie said brightly and took a digital camera from her bag. She had Janet pose with her illustrated body in various ways. Janet was non-plussed and terribly excited by the results.

She burst out saying: "Oh, darling, that really, really turns me on. If I weren't so happy about going to the party and meeting your friends, I'd suggest that we just stay here and get on with the hurting."

Julie smiled at this and gave her teacher a hug. "One last thing before we go," Julie said then. "When we arrive, I want you to introduce yourself; but I also want you to tell them that you're my whore and that you're available for a price. Between now and then decide on the price. Clear?"

"Very, ma'am," was Janet's immediate response.

"Well, let's go." Julie held the trench coat for Janet, took her bag with her and the two women left the apartment for Julie's car.

In the doorway Julie said to Janet: "You look exotic with the letters on your face."

Janet smiled at her and said: "I am entirely your creation."

"Nice thought," Julie said. "What are you thinking and feeling."

Janet fell into the habit of being as honest as Julie wanted her to be; she found that she liked it. "I'm excited. I genuinely like the sex; you making me up to resemble what you want is an extra real turn on for me. I'm afraid of being hurt, though I do like the pain and know that I can move into passion through the pain."

"No one where we're going will hurt you." Julie assured her.

Janet looked at Julie and smiled as she said: "I know that; it's what I feel from you about this. I mean, this is going to be your thing, kind of, bringing me to this party and we're going to make sure that they all know that I'm your property."

"Yes, we are, kitten," Julie said, "Yes, we are."

Janet then continued: "But then there's still the hurting to be done later; I mean my crying and you enjoying the hurting. There's that."

Julie smiled again, and said: "Yes, there's that. Do you dread it."

"No, I don't think so,"came Janet's answer, surprising herself as well as Julie, "I really don't. Of course I don't like to be hurt but there's a part of me that really does want to see what you're going to do to me."

"Mmmmm," Julie grinned, "That's a nice part of you."

Then Julie, stood in the doorway and with a note of whimsy that both took Janet off balance and pleased her immensely said: "Ms. Peter's would you allow one of your students to kiss you?"

Janet smiled broadly, allowing herself to appreciate the whimsy in Julie's request, finding a new kind of resource or depth in Julie because of it, and answered: "Julie, normally I really don't but with you I will, this once."

They kissed, and now it was two who wanted to be lovers kissing. The lips were soft and open, the tongues were active and Janet ended by sucking on Julie's lower lip.

Julie looked at Janet, when they finally broke off the kiss and said: "Me and Robin and the boys at the barn ... and."

She grinned as she said it, and Janet, grinning also replied: "There you go ruining it, letting out all of my secrets!"

"Let's go," Julie said, linking her arm with Janet's. "You are going to be the hit of this party."

"I hope I make you proud," Janet said. "I know you will," was Julie's response as she put her hand on Janet's ass over her trench coat.

As they were walking a short distance to the place where her friends would be, they turned down a side street to get there and almost ran into four girls coming the other way. They all greeted Julie in a friendly fashion.

One of them wanted to know then who the "babe" was with Julie. Julie smiled and simply turned to Janet, saying "Janet."

Janet took this as her cue to introduce herself. But first she turned to Julie and said: "Should I tell them or show them?"

Julie answered that she should do both but tell them first. Janet, to obey, turned to the group of expectant girls and said to them: "My name is Janet Peters; I was Miss Julie's high school chemistry teacher at Northwestern, and I am her bitch, her sex slave."

It was difficult to underestimate their astonishment, and it should be said that there was a look of pure doubt on their faces, Janet slipped off her coat, showing them, in the dim light, that she was wearing only heels and panties and the messages that Julie had written all over her body. She also knelt in front of the four girls as Julie mentioned their names and one by one kissed their hands.

As soon as she'd kissed their hands, she turned back to Julie and in a gesture that was huge with affection and passion, buried her face in the crotch of Julie's jeans and gave her a long wet kiss over the pussy spot of her jeans.

The four girls murmured their appreciation, as she did it. Julie beamed at her. Janet them murmured 'darling' to Julie. One of the girls then put her hand on Janet's medallion and read it to the others, affirming the fact that Janet was indeed Julie Stone' sex slave.

Turning to Julie with a big grin she said: "You rock, girl. You gonna share her with your buds?"

"Maybe I will but we're late right now, and have to get someplace. But you can each have a kiss and a feel. Stand and greet them personally," she concluded, giving Janet her instructions.

Janet stood to obey Julie's order and one after another walked into a kiss with each girl. The first one ran her hand inside of Janet's panties and played with Janet's ass, while they kissed and Janet sucked her tongue.The second had her hands on Janet's right tit, playing with a nipple, while they kissed. The third had two hands on Janet's ass, while the kissed and the fourth lowered Janet's panties to her mid thighs and put a finger in her pussy and one in her asshole, as they kissed. Janet ground her hips against the invading fingers.

But broke away quickly, when Julie simply said: "Okay." Then she turned to the four girls and said: "Good to see you guys but we really have to go."

She gave Janet her coat back and Janet blew the four of them a kiss as she and Julie moved away. Julie turned to Janet, as they walked away.

They were still within hearing distance of the four girls, who were now staring, when Janet took Julie's hand to hold her hand as they walked and said: "Thank you, darling."

Julie glowed. She leaned her head toward her former teacher and said an appreciative: "You are so hot!"

Janet's response was: "You make me hot because of the way you treat me but are you sure you should talk to your teacher that way?"

She now had a sly grin on her face. "Wait until later, when I show you how I'll talk to my teacher."

"That's what I'm afraid of," Janet responded, and leaned down to kiss Julie's hand. She turned just briefly then, still holding Julie's hand and waved to the four girls, who waved back.

"I'm nervous about this but I am really, really turned on now," Janet said to Julie as they arrived at the home where the gathering was to be.

"You'll be fine," Julie said. "Now when we get in there and it's time, I want you to introduce yourself; tell them that I am going to whore you out to the party for a price and set a price that will get their attention."

"Yes, ma'am," was Janet's response.

They entered the place and went to a basement where music was playing and the lights were a bit dimmed. There was some cheering, as they entered.

Someone said to Julie: "We weren't sure that you were going to show; we actually thought that you were shitting us about having a gorgeous sex slave."

"Well," Julie said, "Let me introduce Janet then." Turning to Janet she said: "Love, say 'hi' to my friends."

Janet knew it was her turn then. She was nervous but discovered that she was more turned on than nervous. Janet took off her coat and handed it to Julie. All eyes were now on Janet; all the girls were busy for a moment reading her signs. All the girls were grinning now.

Janet spoke up and said: "My name is Janet Peters; I teach chemistry at Northwestern High School. Until very recently, I was Miss Julie's chem teacher. Now, I'm pleased to say, I'm her sex slave, and am perhaps more suited to this calling than teaching. Miss Julie has decided to let me whore myself to you tonight to be your entertainment. It will cost you each a nickel, which is my worth, you see, but for the nickel I will do anything you want, except anything to which my darling, Miss Julie objects. Thank you"

This was followed by a round of applause and the girls crowded closer around Janet to read her scrawled messages. They also lined up to give her a nickel, each of which she then handed to a smiling Julie.

The girl who was third in line put the nickel between her teeth and Janet moved quietly to lick the lips of the girl and retrieve the nickel from her. She wiped it off on her panties before giving it to Julie.

The next to last girl said to Janet: "You mean that if I give you this nickel, I can make you do anything that I want?"

Janet responded: "Please ask Miss Julie the questions."

Julie said a rather light hearted: "That's what it means."

"Fine," the girl now said, "Here, bitch, retrieve this."

And then she put the nickel down the front of her jeans and into her panties. Janet, who was now on her knees again, obediently crawled to the girl and unbuttoned her jeans, pulling them down and took a side of her panties in each hand, lowering them and putting her face into the panties so that she could use her tongue to retrieve the nickel. They cheered, when Janet came up the the nickel in her mouth.

"Okay, cunt," the girl said now with a gleam in her eye. "Crawl over here to the grating in the floor.

Janet obeyed and crawled to the drain in the middle of the floor. "Now for my nickel's worth," the girl concluded, "I get to piss in your teacher's mouth."

Janet looked at Julie, as did all the others also. In doing so, Janet passed the decision on to Julie and pleased Julie a great deal. Julie simply shook her head 'yes'. And Janet snuggled up to the girl's legs and raised her face with her mouth open.

The girl was grinning now, somehow sure that Janet wouldn't go through with it, nor that Julie would allow it. But Janet remained in place, calling her bluff.

She moved so that she had a thigh on either side of Janet's face and positioned Janet's mouth so that it now covered her sex entirely. Then she did it. To the hoots, and calls, and cries of the group, she pissed in Janet's mouth.

Janet took it, becoming really turned on by it. She let her hand stray to her pussy as it was happening, only to have Julie slap her hand away. Then the girl finished, Janet licked her a few times to clean her up.

Then she turned quickly to Julie and said, audibly for the room: "I'm sorry, ma'am."

Julie looked at her and said severely, "Keep your hand away from there."

"Yes, ma'am." Janet said. "You'll suffer for that later," Julie threatened.

"I understand, Mistress," was Janet's simple reply.

There was one more nickel for Janet to claim. The girl with the nickel came to the head of the line and, with a gleam in her eye like that of the other girl, stepped out of her sandals, unbuttoned her jeans, pulled her jeans off and her panties and holding the nickel so that Janet could see it, proceeded to put it snugly into the crack of her ass.

The cheering, when she did this was almost deafening. Again, Janet looked to Julie, who again shook her head 'yes'. Janet obediently crawled to behind the girl and placing her hands on the girl's ass pushed her face into the crack of the girl's ass. It was kind of funky but Janet was too turned on to care or notice. She lapped the length of the ass crack with her tongue and then pried the ass cheeks apart. All eyes were watching her.

There were comments of "fuck me," "look at the cunt eat her ass," etc. Julie again was pleased. The nickel fell to the floor but Janet kept her face in place and now prying the ass cheeks further apart pushed her tongue to and into the girl's asshole. The girl was now writhing with the treatment that Janet was doling out. Janet also put her hands around the girls front and buried them into the girl's pussy, while she licked and reamed her asshole. The girl came in a kind of crashing orgasm, and Janet settled back on her haunches.

She looked at the floor and, locating the nickel, bent down and retrieved it with her mouth. The applause was thunderous.

Then Julie spoke up and said: "I told you all; here she is. Janet's our entertainment, although I think we've already gotten our money's worth. They crowded around Julie and Janet with excited talk and some congratulations. Janet, meanwhile, helped the girl, whose ass she had eaten, to pull up her panties and jeans.

Julie spoke up next. "Let's have her dance for us."

There was general agreement about that. Someone turned up the music louder and they formed a circle around Janet, who was in the middle of the room to dance for them.

Jimmie never danced; Jimmie never let Janet dance, never wanted Janet to dance but Janet loved to dance, to just let the rhythm of the music take her away. She abandoned her self to the music now.

They were soon clapping and cheering, as Janet wiggled, writhed, hopped and moved her almost naked body in time to the music. They noticed too that Janet was beginning to sweat. While she danced for them, Julie quickly went and came back, unnoticed by Janet, with two pitchers of ice water.

The girls saw and were giggling as Janet continued her entrancing dance. Julie stepped up behind the dancing teacher and unloaded the contents of both of the pitchers over Janet's head.

Janet screamed at the cold but continued to dance, and now her panties were completely transparent. Continuing in the dance, Janet skinned the panties down her hips, over her feet and off, offering to give them to Julie, who took them and put them to her mouth and nose.

Janet danced. Now some of them moved in on her and danced with her, so that she had dancing partners on every side. The music played out and there was general clapping.

They all looked expectantly at Julie, so she spoke about what was coming. "My friend, the nickel whore Janet, will be happy to dance with you and satisfy your sexual desires one at a time. There are some limits that I ask out of courtesy for me and her. Please no kissing, this is not lovemaking, this is sex. Also, no hurting her. I don't want her to leave here all marked up, bruised and battered."

She grinned at them all and continued, "I want to do that myself later."

They hooted now at this; they were all with her. "And no bringing her off. She's probably as hot as a fire cracker by now but I reserve that right for myself."

They all readily agreed. And then it was mentioned that refreshments were available.

Just as they all were about to drift to the refreshments table, Julie sidled up to Janet and whispered to her: "If there's booze, I don't want you to have any. I don't want you to get home wasted and not able to respond. Clear?"

Janet looked at Julie earnestly and said calmly: 'Clear."

The party continued. They ate, they danced and they began to shed whatever shock or shyness there was and one by one dance with Janet.

Janet was almost red with heat by now; she was still the only one in the crowd with no clothes on. They were all dressed and she was, she loved the phrase, 'bare assed naked.' She took them one at a time.

There was a dark corner with a couch and she ended up one after another with them there, beginning with the bold girl who put the nickel between her ass cheeks. She did try to kiss Janet but Janet pulled away and said that 'no, she couldn't." The girl didn't press it.

So, in her role as 'entertainment' Janet did them one at a time. She'd take them to the corner, or go with them to the corner leading and pulling her arm, and she'd undress them from the waist down and kneel and lower her head between their legs and eat, lick, suck and generally plunder their pussies. She did it well and there sometimes was noise and sometimes just barely withheld passion.

Janet was on fire by the time the last one, who was shy, asked her if they could dance. The dance music faded and Janet, sensing the reluctance this last one, pulled her by the hand to the darkness of the corner with the couch.

She breathlessly whispered to Janet: "Are you really going to do this to me?"

Janet smiled at her and whispered back: "Yes, I surely am."

At that point Janet had the other woman's jeans down and off, with the panties following them.

She gave a kind of little squeal and said to Janet: "Wait till I tell people, you know, friends that one of the teachers ate my pussy."

"Hmm," was Janet's answer, "Well, let's give them something to talk about; now get up a moment."

Janet raised her to her feet and turned her around and then produced another squeal from her by pulling her ass cheeks apart and inserting her tongue deep into the crack of her ass. She licked up and she licked down;She rimmed her and then stabbed once or twice with her tongue directly at the rose-budish asshole. She finally moved in and simply pushed her tongue inside her asshole. Then Janet twisted her over again and in no time, with her tongue working a wet lather, had her cuming and wetting Janet's face.

Julie announced then that she had a video tape for their entertainment. They all sat down, most of them on the floor to watch in front of the tv. Janet sat, again the only naked one there, much to her delight, with her back against the chair where Julie was sitting. Julie put her leg over Janet's right shoulder and, seeing the dangling foot, Janet took Julie's toes into her mouth, sucking on her toes.

Then the shy one sat in front of Janet and leaned against her, allowing Janet the chance with her right hand to play with the shy one's nipples. And someone pressed her thigh against Janet on the left. Janet crept her hand under that one's skirt and snuck her fingers among the panties that she found there into a lovely hot pussy.

The video was the one taken of the gang bang in the theater. There were cat calls and hoots, as Janet 'mooed' for them on demand. When it was finished, they all wanted a demonstration, and so, Janet was set to work at it, crawling around the room, wiggling her ass, with her 'udders' hanging down and mooing for their delight and pleasure to the accompaniment of lots of slaps to her ass.

Janet finally had a chance to dance with Julie, who whispered into Janet's ear: "How you doing, teacher?"

Janet sighed and responded quickly and fully to Julie's move to slide her lips over Janet's in a long and involved kiss.

"The teacher's doing fine," Janet replied, "So is the slave, and the slut and the whore. Just fine. I'm like a fire cracker about to explode. Every encounter brings me to my own brink and I keep on back peddling because I know you want it that way. But I need to ask you something now. Do you mind if I do? I mean do you mind if I ask you something?"

"No, my sweet ass, my naked teacher, ask away," was Julie's response.

"Are you okay? You don't seem to be participating so much."

Julie snuggled her lips against Janet's neck and answered: "You see, I brought you; it's so obvious to everyone that you're mine; they can play with you; they can ask you to do dirty things for them but, sweet love, I'm taking you home with me. They know that, you know that and I know that. That's the huge turn on, and I don't mind doing a lot of watching."

Then Janet snuggled her head down on Julie's shoulder and said, "Just one more question?"

"Yes, sweet one," Julie said with a brushing kiss to Janet's neck. "Could you please take me home now?"

Then Janet hesitated to be sure that she knew what she was about to say; however, she soon continued. "I mean, ... uh ... take me home now and hurt me. I'm not resigned to it; I'm afraid and the fear is so hot; it's made me hot for it now. I want it. I want you to make me cry for you and maybe even to beg you to stop. I want that really badly."

Having said this, she laid her head on Julie's shoulder again. Julie whispered back to her: "You are one of the wonders of the world. My high school teacher here with my friends and being the only one bare assed naked at the party, and now asking me to do maybe one of the things that really turns me on, and that you surely don't like. Just one of the wonders of the world."
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 12 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 11 - Chapter 13 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 12
Posted: November 13, 2009 - 08:30:31 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

The music stopped and Julie said to the crowd: "It's the witching hour, guys. My babe here is getting tired and I'm going to take her home and see to her."

There were some comments about this but then there was a general rush to the two of them to say thanks for the 'entertainment.' Julie gave Janet her yellow panties back and then they left.

When they got back to Janet's apartment, once inside the door, Janet took off her trench coat again and was once more almost naked for Julie.

To Janet's surprise and delight, Julie said to Janet: "Now take off my clothes, be my body slave."

Janet set about it with a kind of hot devotion. First went the t shirt over Julie's head and with it Julie's bra. Janet made an appreciative sound in her throat at the lovely roundness of Julie's tits and especially their almost purple, large nipples. These she licked and sucked on for a bit, getting a moaning reaction now from Julie. Then Janet was on her knees and unbuttoning Julie's jeans and pulling them down her hips and off. She had Julie now down to a pair of boy leg, stretch black lace panties.

"Ohhhhhhhh dear! Look at you, all ripe and wonderful," Janet said and leaned into Julie's stomach to trace her tongue around the stomach and pussy mound of her mistress.

And then Janet used her teeth. She struggled and struggled but pulled off Julie's panties with her teeth. Julie was delighted. Then Julie was naked and Janet quickly shed her own panties.

"Shower time," Julie said.

They got to soap one another. Janet indicated that she was disappointed that all of her signs, all the writing was washed away by the soapy water.

When they were finished, and toweled each other off, Janet turned to Julie and said in a tiny, shaky voice: "Is it time?"

"Soon, sweet ass, soon," Julie said, "First. come here with me."

Julie settled Janet on the bed and, to Janet's absolute delight, began to suck on her toes. Julie made a progress from toe to toe on both feet then she licked and kissed up the backs of Janet's legs to her knees, kissing her behind the knees on each leg. When Julie got to Janet's thighs, though, she switched and went up and took Janet's earlobes in her mouth, biting each one. This sent shivers and tingles through Janet, since her ear lobes were sensitive. Next it was a full invasion of Julie's tongue into Janet's ears, and Janet was "ooooooooooohhhhhhing" furiously. Julie slid down and took Janet's nose into her mouth, licking each nostril. Then it was the turn of Janet's lips; Julie used her teeth and her tongue on Janet's lips. Next Julie moved to Janet's neck but when she was finished there, she turned her former teacher over and went to Janet's ass cheeks, licking intently the entire length of the crack of Janet's ass, causing little squeals from Janet. Janet held her breath as Julie proceeded to pull apart her ass cheeks and nestle her nose and tongue into the crack of Janet's ass, licking all the way to the crinkled asshole that awaited her. Julie turned her head enough to bite the walls of Janet's ass crack, causing her 'slave' to both stiffen and pump her hips a bit.

Now Julie turned Janet over and had her really moaning and squealing by mouthing her pussy, and invading her pussy with a tongue that new what it was doing. Janet didn't last long now at all. The entire evening came crashing in on her and, with her clit in Julie's mouth, she orgasmed with writhing and moaning, and a loud grunts and squeals.

When it ceased, Julie looked up and said to Janet: "You're fun to play with."

Janet's answer was delivered kind of wide eyed: "No one has ever played with me that way."

"Really?" Julie said, moving up now so that Janet could lick her face and mouth clean.

"Really!" Janet said.

"Talk to me, teacher," Julie said then.

"I think..." Janet hesitated just a bit now, "I think that you're stealing my soul. All the others have lovely demands; demands that I'm more than happy to carry out but you kind of take me in hand and make me someone that I need to be. Ohhhhhh, I can't express it."

Julie smiled at her and said: "We'll talk about that tomorrow then."

"Yes," Janet said with a kind of frightened look on her face. "Now I want you to hurt me! Please."

Julie looked at her former teacher, now turned into her slave to us, for just a moment, and said: "I had decided not to; to just let it be this."

Janet's answer came quick and from conviction: "No, I want you to; I want to wake up tomorrow and have marks on me that you've put there. I want to feel those aches and know where they came from; I want that."

Julie's answer was simply to stroke Janet's face and say: "My pet, my pet, my pet."

Julie got up from the bed and brought her bag over closer. She also retrieved her panties from the floor and told Janet to open her mouth. Janet did and Julie put the panties into Janet's mouth.

Julie exulted then: "You're like my own private animal, so scared, so frightened, trembling and all. It's wonderful. Now, before we do this, I want to get together tomorrow, and hear all your details. Who's done what to you. Do you understand me?"

Janet shook her head 'yes' and tried to answer but had to take the panties out of her mouth first. "Yes, ma'am," she said. "Whatever you want."

"That's what I like to hear," Julie continued.

Julie then took some loops out of her bag and tied Janet's hands to the posts of the bed. Janet let out a long moan through her gag. Janet's eyes were widened and fearfully expecting whatever might come next.

Julie removed the panties for a moment and asked Janet where her panties were kept. Janet told her which drawer and Julie came back and put a pair of white, nylon panties on her former teacher, now held so completely captive.

Julie then leaned her head down on the pillow next to Janet's and whispered in her ear: "I've got you tied to your bed now, teacher! Tied! Isn't that right?"

Janet looked at her former student with fear in her eyes, and shook her head 'yes'.

Julie continued: "Got you where I've always wanted you, teacher; thought of this during almost every class; never, ever expected it to happen but here we are; it's so hot for me, so intense for me, first making love to you and now this. So hot!"

She paused a moment and then went back to whispering: "Now, teacher, now, just right now I'm going to hurt you. Is that what you want? Is it?"

Janet had tears in her eyes now as she shook her head 'yes'.

Julie reached into her bag again and Janet's eyes widened even more, and the tears started streaming down her cheeks, as Julie took a cigarette lighter out of her bag.

She grinned lewdly at Janet and struck up the flame. She held it up and watched as Janet just looked and began to cry.

"That's it, teacher," Julie said, "You just cry now; you cry."

Janet did. Julie held Janet's legs apart a little wider than they were and flicked the flame over the sensitive skin on the inside of Janet's thighs.

The expected shout came but was muffled by the panties in her mouth. Julie smiled. Then it was the other thigh and the same kind of scream from Janet. Then Julie ran the flame up the outside of Janet's panties, scorching pussy hair that was sticking out of the leg band edge of the panties in the process. Janet was writhing now and absolutely blubbering. Julie grinned and ran the lighter up and down the front panel of the panties and over to the hair sticking out the right side of the leg band of the panties.

There was as much fear in this for Janet as pain. Then Julie grabbed one of Janet's large, round, soft tits and flicked the flame across Janet's right nipple. The scream was louder but still muffled. Then the left nipple got the same treatment.

Then the panties were out and Julie was kissing Janet. Janet's nose was running and she was crying and sobbing. Julie licked her nose to clean it and kissed her again.

Leaning down to her Julie said to Janet: "Talk to me, teacher; talk to me"

Janet could barely talk for her crying but whispered back to Julie just the one word that captivated them both and set a future for them: "More!' Is what she said.

Janet looked with the same fearful eyes as Julie went back to her bag. This time Julie took out a pack of cigarettes and the lighter and Janet began to cry.

Julie smiled, saying: "You know I don't normally smoke these."

It was conversational but it had all the meaning that both of them needed. Janet merely shook her head 'yes' and continued to sob. She realized too that she was building to another huge orgasm.

"How many, "Julie said, "One to six. You tell me."

Janet, with very little hesitation put up five fingers and continued to sob.

Julie grinned and said: "Teacher, you rock the world."

Julie lit up a cigarette and carefully puffed on it. She climbed onto Janet's waist and faced her tits and face. She reached down with semi surgical precision and applied the tip of the cigarette to the front side of Julie's left tit, next to the nipple.

Janet stiffened and cried out into her soft nylon gag. Just as Janet settled down from the burn, Julie applied the glowing end of the cigarette to the same spot on the other tit, sending Janet once again into her stiffening, screaming kind of fit.

Julie scooted down so that she was now sitting on Janet's shins and once again with a kind of a one two hit, she burned Janet on her thighs.

The heat of it was too much for Janet; the anticipation; its relation to the entire evening, the simple charge that Julie burning her gave her. All of it accumulated to produce a vaginal heat that simply swallowed Janet with the fourth burn.

She didn't even feel the burn just above her pussy hair, for by that time she was rolling and tumbling down the slope of her orgasm, twitching and moaning, having spit out the panty gag.

"Ohhhh," she moaned, "Ohh, honey, kiss me; darling, kiss me." Julie bent her head in and did exactly that.

When Janet's orgasm stopped, she continued to sob. Julie lay there feasting on Janet's soft, wet lips, wet from crying.

Julie whispered to Janet: "Talk to me, Janet; talk to me."

Janet was silent for a moment, when only the remnant of her crying could be hear. Julie waited.

Julie said to her quietly: "That part's over now, Janet, my love, my sweet one." She waited.

Finally, Janet said to her: "Julie, did you bring a whip or a quirt?"

Julie answered that 'yes' she did; it was in her bag.

Janet continued in a soft and sometimes sobbing breath tone: "Then I want you to use it; we don't have to be this intense every time," she smiled as she said this, "But this time; this one time; this first time I want to be really marked. I want burns, and I also want welts and stripes. I want to wake tomorrow and be sore from what you did to me tonight."

"Of course you do," Julie said, she was smiling over at Janet, as she lay in bed with her. "Of course."

With that she picked up the panties for a gag again and stuffed them into Janet's mouth. Janet's eyes were serious and once again showed a tinge of fear. Julie manually hauled Janet into position, so that she was kind of kneeling on the floor with her upper body still on the bed. She went briefly to her bag. Janet waited, firm in what she knew that she wanted.

She heard the swish in the air and the pain was again there. She rose up, her body arched, her ass cheeks, where the blow landed quivered, and a welt was raised.

Julie grabbed Janet by the back of the hair and pulled up her head, saying to her in a cruel voice: "Take it now, you bitch, you slut, you fucking whore, take it."

Janet uttered a 'yes, ma'am," into the panties stuffed in her mouth making sure it was heard and understood. Then the pain moved to her thighs, and then back to her ass, several times to her ass, and her back, and her ass again. She jumped and twisted and sighed, and screamed, and actually came again.

Julie flipped the writhing woman over. Instinctively Janet held her arms above her head, mimicking the captive. Julie loved it, and then the blows fell on the front of Janet's thighs, and on her belly and her ribs and the mound of her pussy. Next white hot pain seared through her breasts with the blows on her tits and her nipples.

Janet was now rolling her eyes and had spit coming down her chin, through the panties gag, from her loud protest. But she surprised Julie by then opening her legs. She spread her legs wide for her tormenter, giving Julie access to the inside of Janet's thighs. With great glee Julie applied the whip to those tender surfaces.

Then suddenly it was over. Janet was red everywhere; her naked body was criss-crossed with marks and welts. Julie climbed onto Janet, forcing her body up higher on the bed, and sat down just above her chest. She had waited, and waited and watched and got hot and hotter all evening, it was one of her sexual gifts, this waiting, but now it was time.

She grabbed the front of Janet's hair and pulled Janet's face into her pussy. She used her own hand to spread her pussy lips, giving Janet's willing tongue a place to begin it's ministrations. Janet ate her. She slurped her juices; she licked her pussy, and she finally alternated between licking Julie's clit and shoving her tongue, like a prick into Julie's cunt.

Julie was rocking against her. She said with a huge sigh: "I wish I could really, really fuck you."

She came with a rush, holding Janet's face against her pussy mound and shoving her hips forward, with moaning and groaning sounds. Janet didn't stop until Julie slumped on the bed next to her.

Turning her head to whisper again to Janet, Julie said: "Teacher, teacher, that's fucking; you know that; you know fucking. You are the fucking end of the world, teacher. This has been the night of the century."

Janet got an impish look on her face and said: "Glad to be of assistance, Miss Stone. Come around any time."

"Oh, I will," was Julie's answer.

Then Julie squealed and said: "Shit, look at the time; I've got to go. I've got to work in the morning too. Shit, shit, shit."

Then in a whirlwind, she was packed up and gone; filled with kisses and caresses but gone. Promising to be in touch.

The next morning Janet was awaked rudely by someone using her doorbell. Her mind was foggy, and when she got up, her body was one huge pain. She noticed herself in the mirror.

She saw the welts and red stripes and the burns and she just grinned, saying to herself: "Had a good time, didn't you, girl."

Then the door bell rang again. She said a quick: "Yeah, yeah; coming." And slipped on a robe.

It all was coming back to her as she went to the door. She looked through the spy hole and saw Julie's face there. She was carrying two cups of coffee. Janet hastily threw off her robe and threw the door open, standing there naked and grinning. Julie came in and put the coffee down. She had Janet in her arms in now time.

Julie said to her hastily: "Morning, my dove; how's the teacher."

"Horny," was Janet's grinning reply.

"No time now, babe," Julie said, "Got to get to work."

Janet ignored her and simply went to her knees in front of Julie. She said 'yes, ma'am, ' to every protest that Julie made but still she opened Julie's belt, and unbuttoned her pants, and hauled them down and off of one foot. Then she pulled down Julie's sky blue panties and had her face in the hair on Julie's snatch before any more protest could be lodged. She worked there, lifting one of Julie's legs over her shoulder for better purchase. And she ate, and licked, and slurped until Julie was clutching at Janet's head and at the wall, as she came, letting her wetness run down Janet's chin.

When she was finished and cleaned, Janet leaned back and grinning said: "Good morning, ma'am. That's the way a teacher is supposed to greet a student."

"Gee," Julie grinned and all I had in mind was coffee this morning. "And I do have to go."

"Well," Janet quipped with her, "Come back again."

"If you answer the door dressed that way," Julie commented, "I certainly will."

Julie was only just gone, when Janet, having shrugged back into her robe sat down in an easy chair and, opening the robe enough, began to play with herself. She worked at it, remembering all of the events of the night before, how slutty she'd been, how she'd been the only one for most of the time with no clothes on or almost not clothes on.

It gave her the giggles, as she played with herself, repeating and repeating the mantra: "Do it, you slutty bitch, do it, you slutty bitch."

She was near to coming, when the phone rang, destroying her concentration totally. She picked up the phone, somewhat annoyed, and heard Noel's voice. "Hey, girlfriend,"

Janet said. "It's so nice to hear you call me that."

Noel said, "I miss you." "Oh," Janet cooed at her, "I miss you too."She knew that she really meant it.

"What are you doing?" Noel wanted to know.

Janet laughed at that. "I was just playing with myself," she confided with a giggle.

"Ohhhhh, how nice," Noel said, "Boy does that raise a picture for my mind. What's been going on. Hey, and how about your trip to the lawyer."

"Geez," Janet said, "Where do I start? First of all the lawyer: I need to talk to you in person, not on the phone."

"Bummer, eh?" Noel said.

"We can talk about it when you're here," Janet answered.

"Good," Noel said. "And..." she continued.

"And..." Janet filled her in on being with Julie and all that had happened.

"Shit," Noel croaked, "You have really been into it; it's so dull here. But Robin is all set. How sore are you?"

"Really sore," Janet said, "And getting sorer."

Then she told Noel about Julie bringing the coffee just a little bit ago and how she threw off her robe and ate Julie out.

"Sweet," Noel said. "Do you think she'll object, you know, to you and me?"

"Gee," Janet answered, "No, from what she says; it just means that she has two lovely asses to beat instead of one."

They both had a fit of giggles at that. "I'm so sorry that you're not here," Janet concluded. "I'm hoping to come home today; that's one of the reasons that I'm calling. Hey, and I have a suggestion; why not go down to main south of the down town to one of the adult book stores and buy her a strap on."

"Ohhhhhhh what a wonderful suggestion," Janet said enthusiastically.

"And," continued Noel, "Buy one for yourself to use with me."

"You slutty minx," Janet laughed, "Always thinking of yourself; when I get you back here, see if I don't slap your ass for that."

"I hope you do," Noel shot back.

"Come home soon" Janet said before hanging up.

The hot water felt wonderful on Janet's skin. She wore a t shirt and pair of jeans and sandals for her shopping expedition. She drove down, still loving the new Lincoln SUV. But she was nervous about going into the store. It was a kind of heated nervousness though.

When she did go it, she found it pretty much deserted, since it was still morning. There was a guy, kind of stupid looking over at the far end of the store tending the counter, and an older, well built woman at the other extreme end. Janet was pleased to be able to deal with the woman.

She went to her and said: "Can you help me please?"

The woman gave Janet a huge smile and said: "I certainly hope so."

Janet reddened at the comment. She gulped and said to the woman: "I want to buy a strap on, well, actually two strap ons, and I really don't know anything about size or anything."

"Hmm," the woman returned, "A strap on or two; how interesting."

She had been looking Janet up and down very carefully. Janet lowered her eyes by some kind of instinct. The woman noticed the edge of one of the ridges of a welt on Janet's arm and also one on her stomach, when Janet moved.

"Okay, dear," the woman said with great solicitude, "Come with me and we'll deal with this in private."

Janet was relieved, and said: '"Thank you, ma'am."

She'd said it involuntarily but it obviously pleased the woman behind the counter.

"Very nice manners," the woman said, to which again Janet countered with a 'Thank you, ma'am.'

She led Janet into a small back room, after telling the other guy to watch things.

She shocked Janet by asking immediately: "When did you get beaten?"

Janet hardly hesitated at all; although she was shocked by the woman knowing that, she answered with no hesitation saying: "Last night, ma'am."

"Last night, hmm," the woman continued, "And who did it? Girl friend, someone you know, someone you picked up? A John?"

Janet was inflamed by the leading way the woman asked the question.

Her answer thrilled her even more: "One of my former students," she said simply, "I'm a high school teacher."

"A former girl student finally doing what she wants to teach?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet replied.

"Well that's really hot, I think," the woman continued.

"So you're not a whore?" she asked almost cruelly, knowing the effect it was having on Janet.

"No," "Janet said, "Although last night, before the beating, I sold myself to her friends for a nickel a piece."

"Gee," the woman grinned, "A nickel whore; you are a story!"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, waiting for what was next.

The woman went on immediately. "Well so that we can see what we need here, strip!"

"Strip?" Janet said with some consternation.

"Strip!" she now almost shouted at Janet, "Or I'll strip you and put you in the back by the booths and let every pervert who comes in here today use you for a cum dump. But you might just like that, mighten you?"

Janet colored even deeper and said: "I'm afraid that I might, ma'am."

And then Janet, without any further hesitation, pulled her t shirt over her head, and took off her bra, all the while conscious of the staring eyes of the woman. Next she unbuttoned and lowered her jeans, having shook off her sandals. Now she stood in a pare of purple nylon panties, looking up for instructions.

"Off," was the only word that the woman used, and then Janet was naked, totally naked. "Nice," the woman said, "The way you should be, girl, bare assed naked. But let's see these welts, gee, and burns. You really got used."

"Yes, ma'am," was Janet's reply.

"Okay," the woman continued, "But you wanted two strap ons, is that correct?"

"Yes, ma'am it is," Janet said, not really sure why she needed to be naked for this but these days, when a person, such as this woman, with obvious authority tells her to take her clothes off, she usually does it.

"Good," the lady continued, "Go ask Jamie to get you two of them."

"What?" Janet said, obviously shocked at the thought of going into the other, main part of the adult book store stark naked.

"Oh," you'd rather not," the woman said. "I see; then just wait in this room and I'll have him fetch them. She opened a door and almost shoved Janet through it.

The door closed before Janet realized that she had been thrust naked into the alley behind the store. She almost screamed with fright but didn't so as not to attract attention. She knocked on the door frantically and called out, in as loud a voice as she could trust, to the woman to open the door. Nothing happened. Then she realized that the trash men were down the end of the alley with their truck. She absolutely froze, looking around the doorway, which didn't really hide her at the trash men, who were working to empty a dumpster there. Janet knocked on the door again but it still didn't produce any results. The trash men were now getting back into the truck and coming her way down the alley.

Then the door opened. The woman was smiling a cruel smile. She said: "Does that teach you to do as you're told?"

"Yes, ma'am, it certainly does," was Janet's immediate answer. "Thank you for opening the door," Janet said and, as if it were the absolutely right thing to do, she went to her knees and kissed the woman's hand for her.

"Better," the woman said. "Now do everything else as you're told or I really will put you naked in the back of the building where the booths are. Then you can earn some money all day long, and get all the cock to suck that you can handle. Do you understand, girl, you dirty slut?"

"Yes, ma'am, this dirty slut understands what she needs to do very clearly."

"I thought so," was the woman's final word.

"Now," the woman continued, "I'm going to show you how this should work. Bend over and grab hold of that desk."

Janet did as she was told. "Now feel this," was the woman's next instruction. She had in her hand an eight inch dildo that was meant to be put through the hole in the belt of the harness. "This harness will fit all forms, since it has elastic in it. But feel how nice this is."

With that she placed the dildo, now greased for the purpose, at the entrance to Janet's pussy and began to push. Janet let out a long fairly loud sigh as the long, flesh colored instrument went farther and farther into her pussy cavern.

"Nice? Nice, honey?" the woman wanted to know.

"Yesssssss, nice!" came Janet's answer.

She pushed her ass back against the invading instrument, in order to have as much of it as possible in her cunt. "Yes, yes, oh, please do that."

The woman left the didlo inserted and said to Janet: "Now on your knees, and thank me, girl; do it properly or out the back door you go naked with the trash."

Janet did as she was told, assuming the position and quickly unfastened the woman's jeans and had her pants off and then grasped the waist band of her panties and had them off in no time. The woman lifted up her leg and put it over Janet's shoulder to give the kneeling woman better access to her pussy.

Janet leaned into her, sitting on her heels to force the dildo securely up into her own pussy. It was wonderful. She lapped and licked, and slurped. She had the woman's juices on her chin, and around her mouth. She worked until the woman flooded her face with her cum.

Janet took in all of it, and as she bounced on the dildo, was able to cum herself. When the woman was finished, she went to a small side room with a bathroom and cleaned herself, bringing a towel for Janet also.

When the woman was back in her clothing, giving Janet a last chance to give her kiss on her panty covered belly, she ordered Janet to dress also. The sale was quickly concluded and Janet was able to take her two purchases and head for the door. She turned as she got to the door, only to find that the woman was watching her and winked at her as she left. Just that gesture from the woman gave her a thrill.

Janet was up early the next morning. She stepped from the shower and pulled on a pair of pale pink panties, when the door bell rang. She almost bounded to the door. She had a sense that it was someone fantastic to see.

"It could be Noel, it could be Julie; it could also be Roger Savage," she said to herself with a kind of silly grin.

She looked through the peep hole in the door and there stood Noel. Janet opened the door with a whoop and pulled the other woman into the apartment. Noel was quickly enclosed in Janet's arms.

"Let me look at you," Janet enthused, trying to express how pleased she was to see her. "My girlfriend is back," Janet continued almost breathlessly.

"Ohhhhhhh, this is so nice," Noel said. "We got everything done in Florida but this is so nice. But look at you, you temptress, answering the door wearing only your panties."

Then Noel stepped back to look Janet over, and only then did she see all of the marks, the welts and the burns.

"Ohhhhh, shit!" Noel exclaimed. "Julie did all that to you?"

"Yes," Janet said smiling, "Isn't it lovely?"

"It must have hurt like hell," was Noel's comment.

"It did but it was one of the hottest times that I ever had," came Janet's reply.

They made coffee and over a cup of coffee, then they were interrupted by the doorbell.

"Let me get it" Noel said, "You're not dressed."

"If it's Julie," came Janet's reply, "I don't need to be more dressed."

"You greet her at the door in your panties?" Noel shot over her shoulder.

"Yesterday I was naked."

"Slut!" Noel then said, grinning.

"Yeah, ain't it marvelous!"

It was Julie.

Janet grinned a huge grin; she was that pleased that both Noel and Julie were there. She greeted Julie by kneeling in front of her and kissing her hand. Noel just looked on kind of wide eyed, not really sure what to do. When she'd greeted Janet, by raising her from her position and kissing her, Julie turned to Noel.

Noel lowered her eyes immediately.

"Well, Noel," Julie said.

"Hi!" "Um ... hi," was Noel's answer, still very unsure of herself around Julie.

Janet was really enjoying the scene, and Julie certainly noticed Janet's smile.

"The last time I saw you," Julie continued, "You were in bed with Janet naked during a panty raid. Correct."

"Correct, uh ... yes," Noel answered.

"Now tell me, since then have you lost your manners?" Julie wanted to know.

Noel's head snapped up; she still didn't know what to do. She looked to Janet for help but Janet just smiled.

"Let me help you out here, love," Julie said, caressing Noel's face.

"Tell me, how was Janet dressed, when I arrived?"

"She wore only a pair of see through panties," was the answer.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 11 - Chapter 13 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 12
Posted: November 13, 2009 - 08:30:31 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

"Correct in one," Julie said with a laugh; then she continued: "And how did Janet greet me?"

"She ... uh ... she knelt and kissed your hand."

"Also correct," Julie said with a little more menace. "And you, little Noel, tell me, how are you dressed?"

"Uh ... I'm fully dressed," Noel said with a significant amount of regret in her voice.

"Of course you are," Julie said, ; then she went on: "But why? Shouldn't you maybe show more respect? Or don't you think you need to?"

The last was said in a positively menacing tone of voice. Noel was suddenly in action. Her t shirt was simply off and thrown down; she got out of her jeans in record time, left her shoes off and looked at Julie with a question in her eyes, as she stood in her tiny red bikini panties.

"No panties for you just now," Julie said.

It was all Noel needed, for now the panties were gone, on the heap with the other clothes, and she was naked. She sunk to her knees and fervently kissed Julie's hand.

"I'm so sorry, Miss Julie," she almost intoned. "I won't be so disrespectful again, I promise."

"Well, I'm sure you won't. I think that we should welcome you back from Florida officially."

Then turning to Janet she said: "Kneel behind her; spread her ass cheeks and lick her ass and asshole; do it nicely now."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, as she assumed the ordered position.

While Janet was doing that, Julie leaned in and kissed Noel, and, at the same time, used her hand to work in Noel's pussy. Noel was soon rocking back and forth and moaning with the double manipulation. Janet was noisily slurping with her tongue in and around Noel's asshole. Their double manipulation soon had Noel squeaking with pleasure and cumming fairly loudly.

Julie had a satisfied look on her face, as Janet rose and gathered in the wavering Noel, still unsteady on her feet from the orgasm. "I have a welcome home treat just for you," she said. "Both of you dress and come with me. I'll drive."

They arrived at a small construction site located under one of the city's bridges.

"My brother Corky works here," Julie said, and I promised him and his mates a treat. And guess what?"

Both women looked at her: "Noel, you're the treat! This is your welcome home from me."

"Thank you, ma'am," Noel said a bit uncertainly.

Julie called out: "Corky," when they'd reached the edge of the bridge construction site. They peered into the dimness and saw one of the workers coming toward them. He was big and rough looking but his face softened a bit, when he saw Julie.

"Hey, kid," he said with affection. "What's up?"

Julie smiled and said: "I told you that I owed you and your guys a favor and here is the favor."

Then without looking at her, Julie said to Noel: "Strip, bitch; down to your panties and go with Corky."

Noel didn't even hesitate but merely said: "Yes, ma'am," and started to take off her t shirt, then her jeans went, followed quickly by her bra. She was dressed only in the tiny pair of red bikini panties, when Corky told her to follow him. He got beneath the bridge with her and called out: "Hey, Johnnie, Jason, look what Julie brought you."

The men looked over and saw the almost naked woman standing there and went quickly to her. It was all almost a blur, then suddenly they took her by the hands and fairly dragged her deeper into the gloom of the bridge area. Her panties were quickly left behind on the ground. She was bent over at the waist and one of the men quickly stepped in front of her. He grabbed a hunk of her hair and lifted up her face to the front of his pants. The other guy was behind her and commenced slapping Noel's ass, bringing from her a series of delicious sounding grunts with each heavy slap of his hand. Her arms were pulled behind her back so that she had to lean into the guy in front of her, whose cock she was now sucking. The one behind her began to fuck her, while holding her hands in place but didn't leave off with his other hand the spanking that he was giving her.

Julie noticed Janet's response to all of this. She was wide eyed and obviously breathing hard watching the treatment to which Noel was being subjected.

Corky stood watching them too. "Fuck yes," he said, "Do her."

Julie turned to Janet and said: "You like that don't you?"

"Yes, ma'am," was Janet's quick answer.

"You're such a slut!" "Yes, ma'am," she answered, "I know."

"Okay then, get your t shirt, jeans and bra off quickly."

Janet stripped immediately, not waiting for any other instructions. Julie then called out: "Corky, this one's for you."

His reaction was both strong and immediate: "Fuck, look at her; look at the tits and ass on her!"

He came striding up to Janet and his treatment of her completely took her breath away. He got to her and grabbed her by the hair, and reaching around grabbed the waist band of her pink panties and hauled her under the bridge. Janet's feet barely touched the ground, and his holding her panties by the waist band as for leverage, pulled the panties deeply into the crack of her ass and pussy.

The sudden infusion of heat was almost enough to make her cum instantly. He man-handled her in this fashion to the wall of the bridge and forced her to face the wall. She put out her arms to keep he from hurting herself on the bridge. He kept his hold on her hair and the waist band of her panties.

"Talk to me," he demanded. "Talk to me like the dirty slut you are."

"Oh, shit, yes," she said, pleading now in a voice that betrayed her earnestness.

"Who are you?" he demanded.

Her answer was quick: "I was Julie's high school chemistry teacher. But here I don't have a name here. I am a pussy, and a mouth, and an ass, and tits, and nipples and I'm all service. Fuck me, slap me, beat me, stick your cock in my ass, or in my mouth or in my pussy and just do it. Do what you want. Please do something dirty to me; anything."

"You are a fucking piece of work," he said. "Okay, teach, get those panties off and let's plug a hole."

Her panties were down and off in a second or two and now it was Janet who was bent over and being fucked by Corky. The fucking was furious, hot and quick. There was neither time nor finesse with the sudden invasion of their work site by these gorgeous, naked women.

They fucked and then Corky leaned in to Janet and whispered to her: "Are you okay? I didn't hurt you did I?"

Janet was taken by the same blend of whimsy and roughness that she'd found in Julie. "No, I'm fine; it's just that maybe some time we should take a little more time for this but no less rough please."

She was smiling. "I really have to get back to work," he told her.

He went and picked up her panties and gave them to her. She got Noel by the hand and the two of them sashayed out of the job site to where Julie was waiting for them and grinning.

They went back to Janet's apartment. As they stood in the living room, Julie looked at the two of them and said, especially to Janet. "Well, here we are, and I'm wondering especially why the two of you are still dressed?"

She looked at them in a very pointed way.

Janet hurriedly said to Noel, "She's right, Noel, it's kind of disrespectful. Julie likes for me, er ... for us to be naked or almost, when she's here and talking to us. Take your clothes off."

It was a sign of Noel's relationship with Janet that without any hesitation at all, she stripped to her red panties, which were now both torn and had some dirt stains on them. By then Janet too was wearing only her pink panties. And those panties, like Noel's had dirt stains and some rips in the fabric.

It hit Janet hard, as she was removing her clothing as told, that she was being the worst kind of sexy slut imaginable. All Julie had to say was for her to take off her clothes and she did. She felt how far, how very far indeed she was from holy Jimmie, and she liked it.

Then Julie said to the two of them: "Why you girls smell like sex!"

Noel spoke up and said: "Boy I guess we do."

"Oh, so you liked that, did you?" Julie continued.

"Like it," Noel said,"It was like living a wet dream. I mean think of it: Going to a construction site and then being told to strip to your panties, while these hunky, dirty, sweaty construction guys looked on and then simply being given to them; getting your ass slapped good, hands held behind your back, face fucked and pussy fucked within an inch of your life. Wow!"

Janet was grinning, when Noel finished, and Julie had a self satisfied smile. Julie then looked to Janet for confirmation of what Noel had said, and she agreed: "She's right, you know; the sheer heat of being hauled under that bridge like a piece of meat, a piece of baggage; I mean, one hand in my hair and the other hauling me away by the waist band of my panties so that I was almost impaled by my own small piece of pink nylon. It was as close to heaven as imaginable."

Julie then continued, "Well, I'm glad that my little surprise was good for you."

"Oh it was," put in Janet, "And I have a kind of a surprise gift for you."

"A gift?" Julie was obviously pleased.

Janet gave her the box and when she opened it and found the strap on with the large 8 inch dildo, she was wreathed in a huge smile. Janet blushed right to her ears.

She said softly to Julie: "I even bought one for myself."

"You did?" Julie exclaimed, "Well then we should probably try them out, don't you think?"

Both of the other two women's heads turned quickly to Julie who was now leering at them both.

"Yes," Julie said in a 'don't argue with me tone, ' "Mine will be up your ass," she said indicating Janet, who had a look somewhere between a blush and a smile now on her face, "And you can put yours in your girlfriend's pussy or her asshole, whichever you like. Sounds delicious?" she ended.

"Sounds wonderful," Janet said and Noel shook her head in agreement. Then Julie continued: "Fine then the two of you undress me."

They both went to the task immediately, deftly lifting off her t shirt and then kneeling together to unbutton and pull down her pants. Their lips then met at the spot over Julie's pearl gray panties where her pussy was. The two of the kissed each other and licked the pussy through the fabric.

"Oh, that feels nice," Julie enthused.

Then they were all naked, and for just a bit were entangled with each other, kissing and fondling, and, on Julie's part, pinching. But soon they were ready and Julie simply took Noel by the hair and forced her to lean over the front of the couch; next she grabbed a hunk of Janet's hair and pulled her into place, with the dildo already on and in place behind Noel. Janet had it already coated with some oil and slipped it slowly into Noel's hot pussy, causing her 'girlfriend' to moan like she did, when she was under the bridge.

Now it was Julie's turn to fit in behind Janet. She was also wearing the strap on and had it oiled but she fitted it into the entrance to Janet's asshole and pushed a little. Janet's groan was louder even than Noel's and those were the only sounds for the next 10 minutes or so.

Julie reached around and grabbed Janet's nipples, pinching both of them almost cruelly. Janet's groans got louder. She also mauled Noel's nipples in the same fashion. But Julie continued; as she pumped the dildo now in and out of Janet's clinging asshole, she reached up and bit her former teacher at the back of her neck. It was the last straw that Janet needed; her orgasm was huge and loud, causing her to grab hold of Noel's hair and pull, having a similar effect on her. The rubbing of the equipment against her own pussy then sent Julie into an orgasm also.

In the end all three girls were lying in a pile on the floor, sweaty and spent.

Julie then said the one word that they all wanted to hear: "Shower," she said.

They tumbled apart and headed for the shower stall. It was a close fit but the three of them enjoyed the water together. The three of them ended up having a kind of girls' giggle fest in the shower. Janet and Noel busied themselves washing Julie, Noel taking the back and Janet taking the front. Noel was busy kissing the back of Julie's neck, and sliding down to stick her tongue between the cheeks of Julie's ass, as Janet was kissing her nipples, while still washing her. They worked on her until Julie finally had another orgasm at their hands.

Julie left for work and Janet and Noel, still naked from the shower, Julie didn't want them to dress, took some time to talk and plan. They decided to drive to Florida in about two to three days time. There was no hurry about it, and that would give them both time to get ready, especially Noel. Noel also told Janet that she had a kind of 'date' with Dave that night.

Janet decided on a night at home. Her life had been so higgledy piggledy lately that having a quiet night was a good idea. She read a little, after a light dinner and was going to watch some tv.

Her reverie was broken by the door bell at about 9 pm. She went to the peep hole, and was delighted to find Julie standing there. Janet let her in and slid into her arms as soon as she was inside the apartment.

"Alone?" Julie wanted to know. "Yes, Noel has a date with Dave tonight; she's probably getting laid about now." They both giggled at that.

"You're out of work early," Janet said. "Yes, I didn't have to work as long as I usually do. But my group, you know the ones we were with the other night, are getting together tonight and they wanted me to bring you."

"Uh ... you mean kind of as the entertainment again?" Janet was half way between apprehensive and half way between excited about that possibility."

"Well, yes, I guess so," came Julie's reply. "You did enjoy it; didn't you?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, "I certainly did."

"Then what do you think?" Julie said.

"Well, what do you want me to do?" Janet said in a quiet voice.

"I want you to go and entertain my friends, help them have a good time."

"Yes, ma'am; then why don't we?" Janet concluded.

Julie then told Janet to dress as she would if she were going to school to teach. Janet thought it was a neat idea; she giggle about the possibility. She brushed her hair back and held it in place. She put on a black a-line skirt, and a white blouse, with lovely white nylon panties and bra underneath. She also slipped on a pair of thigh high stockings, and for the last effect she put on her glasses instead of the usual contact lenses that she would normally have worn.

When they got there, Janet was nervous. Julie sensed it and kissed her former teacher just before they got out of Julie's car.

"You look lovely, a little severe but lovely," was Julie's comment.

"Severe?" Janet asked, now worried about her appearance. "What should I do?" She asked anxiously.

"Absolutely nothing," was Julie's answer, we'll see if they can deal with the teacher tonight."

This did make Janet smile. They went in and the normal group of four girls were there, Julie's pals. They were oddly silent, and Janet couldn't figure it out until she took a look around. One part of the room was set up as a classroom. There was a raised area with a black board and a desk on it for Janet, and there was a seating area for the girls.

Julie, as usual, took over: "This is Janet, our teacher," she began. "Here's the deal; she is going to teach a chemistry lesson but we get to ask questions, which she has to answer. And in the course of the lesson, which will last about a class room time, we each get to make one suggestion, which she has to accept. Agreed?"

They all agreed to it. Janet was turned on by this re-creation of her teaching situation. It reminded her of the review lesson with her class that Saturday before exams, and she was as turned on now as she had been then. There as also a kind of festival feeling beneath this meeting.

So, she took her place and began to work with them on the periodic chart of elements. As she proceeded one of them raised her hand in the air. Janet stopped and said: "Yes, miss?"

"It is true," the question came, "That teachers wear really cheap cotton underwear?"

"Well, no, it's not," Janet said.

"Okay, teacher," the girl said then, "Prove it; I want you to take off that skirt and blouse for the rest of the lesson."

Janet looked around just briefly and they were all smiling. "Yes, ma'am," she said, and proceeded to remove her blouse and her a-line skirt. Leaving her in her white nylon bikinis and soft white nylon bra.

"Very nice," was the comment of the girl.

"Thank you miss," Janet said, "But my skirt and blouse?" "Leave them off."

Janet continued the 'lesson' now wearing her panties and bra. It was a delicious reoccurrence for her of the other sitiuation. She was teaching again, they were paying attention but she was teaching in her underwear. This, she realized involved a deep seated kind of fantasy of hers. And this situation was giving her some of it as a reality.

So, she did teach for a while and then suddenly one of them shot a hand in the air.

"Yes, miss," Janet said, stopping her coverage of the periodic table.

"Miss Peters," the girl began, "Do you shave your pussy?"

Janet glanced quickly down at the obvious pussy hair to be seen through her white nylon panties.

"Uh, no," she confessed, "I don't."

"Hmm," came the voice of the same girl, "Good, then take off your panties."

"Yes, Miss," was Janet's answer, and she immediately proceeded to slip the thin wisp of white nylon fabric down past her thighs, and rounded ass cheeks, and off.

She handed them to Julie, who sat with her hand outstretched to take them. Janet turned back to her teaching.

"Nice pussy," the former girl said, "Nice ass," someone else said. Janet turned to them and said, in her teacher's voice, "Thank you ladies for your vote of confidence but let's concentrate now."

They giggle as Janet began to teach again. She wondered, as she did, if they could see the wetness of her inner thighs. It was just then that one of the girls, with incredible aim, shot a paper wad at Janet using a rubber band and actually hit the teacher squarely on the left ass cheek.

It made Janet screech and jump. They all laughed and clapped. Janet turned to them, rubbing her ass cheek, and said: "Let's calm down now."

But one of them interrupted her: "Don't you feel think it's kind of silly to be wearing only your bra?"

"Uh ... well, yes, I do." Janet said.

"Good, take it off," a voice offered. Janet did and was now naked for them.

They let her teach for another five minutes but the tension was building; all of them could tell.

Then a hand in the air and a question: "Teach, is it true that you stripped naked for a group of boys in your class room and walked out of the building with them to a place where they had a gang bang?"

Janet stopped and faced them, reddening a little. She said: "No, not completely true; at least not the way you put it. They came to my room, you see and made me tell them what kind of panties I was wearing that day. Then they made me admit that I was indeed their dog to do with as they liked. I did so, and they put a dog leash on me and made me crawl out of the school with them. Until we got to the doors. Then they walked me to my car. Where they instructed me to strip naked, which I did and they put me into the trunk and took me to a barn on a farm outside of town for a gang bang."

They cheered after that. Then they came for her. Janet knew it was only a matter of time before it happened, and then they were all around her. Someone told her to put her hands in the air; so she raised them above her head, as she was told. One of them kneeled behind her and bit her on each ass cheek, bringing a kind of squeal out of her. They apparently liked the sound.

A voice said: "Come on now, teach, you were a cow for the punks and a dog for your male students, be a pig for us. Let's hear your pig impersonation."

Janet began to 'oink' for them and squeal like a pig, as they continued to pummel and maul her. They pinched her nipples cruelly, there were more bites to her ass, and fingers were working their way into her pussy. She was a jumble of different physical impressions, all of them together were overwhelming.

Then they forced her to her knees and told her to walk on her hands and knees around the room rooting, and squealing like a pig.

They were in hysterics as she went and obeyed. "Shake your ass, piggy," came the order and Janet went crawling around, squealing and oinking, and rooting on the floor and the carpet with her nose and shaking her ass for them.

"This is the best ever," one of them said, and all agreed with her.

Someone said that they should help her along and each foraged to pick up some kind of stick or switch, and the next few rounds were punctuated by extra squeals from Janet because they were now laying on with their sticks and things.

Eventually, Julie said: "Okay, bring her here, and sit; I'm going to play with her. We'll use some games that she really likes well."

They got Janet to her feet and attached her hands to boards that were crudely fixed up for this purpose. Then Julie gave Janet her panties back and had her put the panties on. They fixed her ankles to the boards now too. Julie moved in close to Janet and licked her lips, following this with a kiss.

"This is the part that you love, pet," Julie said.

She brought out of the bag that she brought with her the lighter. Janet's chin started to quiver and she had tears in her eyes. The girls were quiet as they watched what was happening between the two of them. As she had done before, so now Julie turned the lighter on and ran it up to the inside of Janet's thighs. She got a proper scream from her former teacher.

Julie turned to the girls watching and said: "Okay, someone give me their panties, quick."

One of the nearest girls did so, handing over a pair of red panties, which now were stuffed into Janet's mouth. Then Julie played with the lighter. She ran it up along the front of Janet's panties, and actually burned some of the pussy hairs sticking out of the leg bands of her panties. Then she moved on to the nipples. Janet's eyes were fast closed and she was whimpering into the panties gag in her mouth. Julie stopped long enough to order Janet to open her eyes and look at her. The former teacher did as she was told, staring at Julie now intently. The tears were still in her eyes. Janet was almost lost someplace but lost in her haze of sex and lust. She was loving the treatment and loving Julie as the deliverer of the treatment.

Julie went to Janet and took the panties out of her mouth. Julie covered Janet's quivering mouth with her own.

"How are you, puss?" Julie wanted to know.

Janet smiled a little and said: "Darling, darling, I'm in the secret sexual place that you so often send me to. Now?"

Julie was smiling and kissing Janet's face then. She said: "What do you think?"

Janet whispered to Julie: "Let's show them; really show them."

Julie grinned.

Janet continued: "The quirt?"

"Oh, yes," Julie said.

"But..." then Janet hesitated and said to Julie: "May I?"

"Tell me, pet," Julie said. Janet continued, her voice subdued, "Turn me around; give them each a chance with the quirt; one blow each. Then you do my front."

Her voice faltered then but she managed: "I love you, Julie; the way you send me to this special place where we go."

"I know, I know," Julie said.

She turned to the group and said: "Okay let's turn her around. She's made a request that I think we'll honor."

Janet was turned around with her back to the group and her lovely ass sticking out at them. Julie reached in her bag and brought out the quirt. There were noises of approval from the group, and anticipation. This simply increased, when Julie told them what Janet wanted.

"Fuckin' wonder bitch!" came one comment, with general agreement.

They lined up and each had a whack at Janet; they covered her naked ass and thighs with angry red stripes. Julie had plugged Janet's mouth with the red panties again. When each of the girls had had a chance to whip Janet with the quirt, Julie had them turn Janet around.

She went to Janet and, taking the panties out of her mouth, kissed her again. "We're good, my dove?" Julie wanted to know.

"Good, lovely, and horny," Janet whispered. "Show them what we do together. Make me sore in the morning."

Julie grinned and said: "I can do that but then we don't do this for a while."

Janet said: "Lovely, darling."

With Janet facing Julie and the girls, and the panties back in her mouth, Julie hauled off and whipped her across the front of her thighs. Janet jerked and screamed into the gag. But she spread her legs as wide as possible for Julie. Julie smiled at Janet, who was raptly staring at Julie.

Then Julie worked on the inside of Janet's thighs, making her former teacher dance with her arms bound up. Julie moved to Janet's tits and Janet's cries and burbles became totally inaudible. Her nose was running and spit was running down her chin, as Julie moved to finish, pulling Janet's legs far apart and planting the last two lashes directly on Janet's pussy.

Janet's eyes fluttered but Julie went to her then, holding her and kissing her. Julie licked Janet's lips of the spit. She took the panties out of her mouth, and even licked the run off from her nose. A few of the girls helped to take Janet down and Julie cuddled her and held her, while she recovered from the whipping. When Janet was finally coherent, she lifted her mouth to Julie's for a kiss. There were sighs in the room at that point.

Julie stroked Janet's face and said to her: "Now we fuck, my beauty."

Janet said softly: "Oh goody, now we fuck."

Julie stopped and again all eyes were on her as she reached in the bag again. There were 'ohs', and 'ahs' now as she produced from the bag the large strap on dildo that Janet had bought her.

She smiled at the girls and said: "This was a gift from my former teacher. She likes it.

Turning to Janet she asked: "Don't you, my pet?"

Janet shook her head 'yes'. Julie worked in behind Janet now. Julie worked the large fake cock around and finally into Janet's pussy.

"My the teacher is wet tonight," she proclaimed to them all.

Then Julie started a regular pumping of the rubberized cock into Janet's pussy and out. One of the girls took the opportunity to go over to where Julie was now fucking Janet and placed herself in front of Janet's face. Janet's eyes were now opened and staring at the pussy in front of her face. The girl removed the panties and wiped the wetness of them all over Janet's face. Then she grabbed Janet by the back of the head and pulled the teacher's face into her pussy.

Janet accepted the movement readily and used her lips and tongue on the pussy offered her. Julie kept up her motion and pushed Janet and herself closer and closer to an orgasm. The girl in front of Janet was replaced by another girl with another pussy for Janet to lick. This girl pinched Janet's nipples at the tips of her hanging tits as she got her pussy eaten. Julie came and removed the harness only to give it to another candidate and Janet was fucked again by one of the others. They all took turns with her. Janet didn't count her orgasms and her moaning was continuous. It was late by then, and they finished the evening with a group photo all crowded around the naked teacher in their midst.

Julie and Janet got to the car. Julie asked Janet if she was okay and got the answer that she was fine but really, really tired. They got to Janet's and Janet turned to whisper a word of 'thanks' for another evening trip into her fantasies.

Then Janet said: "I know you have to work tomorrow; why don't you just leave me here?"

"No way, sweetie doll," Julie said. "What kind of bitch do you think I am. Besides I'm only working a few more days. Then I have to get ready for early soccer practice."

They walked hand in hand to Janet's place.

"So tell me," Julie said conversationally, "What do you expect to find in Florida?"

"I really don't know," Janet said softly. "Maybe it'll be nice enough to live there at least for a while and just let things settle kind of."

She smiled quietly at Julie as she said that.

"Probably a good idea, puss," she said. "I know I've run you ragged; I know that." Julie had stopped and was facing Janet now.

Janet said with unconcealed emotion: "But I know the way you truly feel for me. It's what keeps me looking forward to these forays into fantasy with you. I know that."

"I hope you do, Janet my love," Julie said.

Janet looked at the younger girl then and said: "Darling, darling of mine; I'm certain about that."

They went into the building. Julie spent some time. They took time to shower together. It was now a kind of an intimate time, not a domination thing but just an intimate time.

"I've got to go, my sweet, sweet teacher," Julie said. Then her smile brightened and she said: "Hey, do you have time in the next few days for shopping?"

Janet too brightened. "Shopping, lovely. But I get to..."

Julie interrupted her saying: "Yes, Ms. Peters, and besides I haven't used that lovely new credit card yet."

"Oh let's," Janet said with a smile, hugging Julie to her and sighing her content.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 13 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 12 - Chapter 14 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 13
Posted: November 13, 2009 - 07:06:53 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Janet was only home a little while when the phone rang and Noel was calling. She wanted to know how Janet was, since she was aware of how Janet was going to spend the evening. She also asked Janet if she could come over and maybe sleep over. Janet told her that she'd be delighted if Noel would.

She told Noel in a breathless voice about the evening and how sore she was but how much of a turn on it was. Noel promised to be there soon. Janet cleaned up waiting for Noel. Finally, the door bell rang and Noel was there. Janet opened the door; she was wearing a silk robe and a pair of panties. She went into Noel's arms and just cooed.

Noel held her and stroked her back lightly but noticed that Janet winced, when she did that. Noel quickly apologized and opened the robe. Whistling at what she saw.

"You are a sight, girl," Noel said. "It must have been a massive experience," she continued.

Janet said that it certainly was. Noel made the tea and they sat at the kitchen table Noel smiled at Janet and said: "You'd better do up that robe or I'll get ideas and we won't get anything done at all."

This brought a smile to Janet's lips, and she unbelted the robe and took it off altogether to hang it on a chair. Noel was dressed now but Janet was wearing only panties.

"Oh so nice!" was Noel's comment.

"Yes, love, it is," was Janet's answer.

"But let me tell you." Then Janet proceeded to tell Noel about her night with the girls: the classroom scene with its gradual stripping of the teacher. Then she spoke of the scene with her being their 'pig' and crawling, squealing and oinking and being hit on the ass by various things. Finally she told about the second go around with Julie and the lighter flame on her thighs, ass, and nipples, followed by the whipping that she, Janet, wanted.

Janet looked at Noel and said: "Maybe it'll be good to get away just a little. Even Julie said that, and she's leaving for the soccer season at the university so soon."

Noel smiled and said: That's exactly what we're going to do. Get away! We're going to Florida soon! You've got a new car! Look at the schedule. Spend the final days you have with your Mistress and then we're off."

Janet's pleasure about the possibility was written all over her face, after Noel had spoken. The answer about getting away was so obvious that it had escaped her but not Noel. Janet folded her self into Noel's arms and felt the other woman's kisses on her neck.

Then there was the silent crawl of Noel's lips ending with Janet's ear lobe, which were very sensitive.

A shiver went through Janet, and then she whispered to Noel: "Let's take a shower and we can make some plans."

"Lovely idea," Noel said, shedding her clothes as she went with Janet to the shower.

Noel surrounded Janet with her arms and held her, while they were in the shower.

When they finished and had toweled each other off, Janet said to her: "Hey, why not dress and go out to get something to eat; we can maybe get a late breakfast or something?"

"Lovely idea," Noel answered smiling.

They went off to a late night diner kind of place and had a great time talking. They lingered over their late breakfast and then wandered back to Janet's. They settled down together in bed, much later. Their teeth were brushed and they were snuggled together.

Janet ran a hand down Noel's side, as she was spooned in front of her.

"What are you wearing?" Janet demanded in a mock serious voice.

Noel giggled: "Nothing, ma'am."

"Why you hussy!" Janet hissed and hiked up the covers just enough to uncover Noel's naked frame. Janet delivered a sound slap to Noel's ass.

Noel jumped and simply pushed her naked ass back against Janet's panty covered belly.

"Do you think that's the way to get me to get up and put on pj's?" she asked.

"Well, no," Janet confessed, "But it was really fun to do."

This sent both of them into giggles. Noel pulled the conversation back to the things at hand.

"What kind of bathing suits shall we get? Bikinis?" She wanted to know.

Janet thought for a few moments and said: "I think that we each need to get 'pussy' suits; you know, they're those stretchy one piece suits. Maybe even light colors so that when we come out of the water they're see through." This gave them both the giggles again.

Janet then snuggled up to Noel, making full body contact, and rubbing her hands up and down Noel's naked hip and thigh.

"Noel," she began in earnest, "It was so nice of you to come to me tonight. I was so sore, and almost working on overload; That was a lovely thing."

In answer, Noel simply turned over and kissed Janet, and during the kiss, slipped her tongue into Janet's mouth.

Then Janet continued: "Let's be clear, sweetheart, from the beginning for this trip. It's my treat. This is my first chance to trot out my new wealth. So, let 's enjoy it."

"Oh, how lovely!" was Noel's response. Then she asked Janet: "What if you really like it there and the house is gorgeous?"

"Fine," Janet said with enthusiasm, "Then I'll make arrangements to live there. Maybe it'll be so big and lovely that you'll want to move there too. After all, it will have you closer to Robin."

"Gee," Noel answered, "What a cool idea that is. I can hardly wait to see it." Then they drifted off to sleep.

It was the middle of the night; Janet could tell that. She had been having a very sexy, very wet kind of dream. She woke only slowly from the lovely dream only to discover that the dream was in fact Noel's head between her thighs, and Noel's busy tongue.

"Oh, girlfriend," Janet said, "that's so nice! But where are my panties?"

"All gone; just all gone," was Noel's answer only delivered briefly as her head came up from between Janet's thighs.

Then Janet moved. "Wait," she said to Noel. "Here move around."

She moved Noel around on the bed and scooted down herself so that now her face was in front of Noel's pussy and Noel's face was in front of her pussy. Then they moved together. Janet licked up and down Noel's pussy slit and inside it, taking time to treat her clit to a licking. Then she pushed Noel's legs up high enough that she was able to get her face and tongue down into Noel's ass and as far as Noel's asshole. She had Noel groaning, although Noel didn't stop licking and eating Janet's pussy at the same time.

Janet then moved back and forth between Noel's pussy and Noel's asshole. And Noel began to slide her tongue back and forth doing the same to Janet. They licked and loved each other for what seemed like forever before the two of them were trembling on the edge of orgasms. When they'd finished, Janet moved back up and began to lick the wetness from Noel's face. Then Noel did the same favor for Janet. Before they slipped into sleep again, Janet, lying facing Noel now, whispered to her: "Noel, I love you." "Oh, Janet, my Janet, I love you too."

They got a slow start the next day, and Noel had things to do. She was off and Janet having a second cup of coffee, when the phone rang. It was Julie.

"Mistress, darling," Janet said with enthusiasm. "How are your preparations?"

"They're killing me," Julie said with some languor. But I know exactly what will perk me up. Gwen has invited you and me to a special private party tonight."

"Hmm," Janet said, "a party."

"Yes, do you have a few minutes?" Julie wanted to know. "I need a break here and I want to come for a bit."

"Lovely," Janet said. Julie was soon there. Janet greeted Julie at the door. Janet was dressed now in sweats and a tee shirt. Julie didn't offer her hand, so Janet sunk to her knees and buried her face in the crotch of Julie's jeans for a kiss.

"Nice," Julie said. They sat at Janet's breakfast table and Julie said to her: "I wanted to just tell you briefly about this private party." Janet simply watched her at that point.

"You see, it was Gwen who taught me the kind of things that I do to you, when we're having one of our 'pain' sessions. And she wants us to come over for that kind of thing."

Janet shook her head, 'yes' but there was a question in her eyes.

"She also wants you to bring Noel so that she has someone to play with, while I play with you." Janet smiled now and nodded.

"What's wrong, puss?" Julie asked.

"I'm afraid of Gwen," Janet said.

"I know that, love, but you'll be with me and we'll both be there. Do you think that Noel will do it?"

"I think so, if you and I tell her to."

Janet called Noel and told her that they were invited to a private party with Julie and a friend of hers. Her response was that all that she was now doing was packing for the Florida trip and the party sounded cool. Janet then told Noel that it was a 'pain party'.

Noel was silent at first but then said: "My that sounds exotic but sexy."

They made arrangements that Julie'd pick them both up that evening and then go to Gwen's.

Julie left instructions for how they were to dress. Accordingly, Janet was wearing a plain white tee shirt, no bra, sandals, a short pleated gary skirt, and white, nylon bikini panties.

When the door bell rang, Janet buzzed Julie in, and waited for her at the door. Janet's breath was lost in a kind of a rush, when she opened the door to Julie to find her standing there wearing skin tight, black lycra pants, leaving no curve at all to the imagination, and a black silk tee shirt.

"Oh, dear!" was all that Janet could manage.

Janet found her tongue then and said: "Dressed like that, you can make me do anything at all; I won't object to anything you do to me. But may I ask a question?"

"Yes, sweet puss," Julie said.

"Uh,..." Janet kind of hemmed and hawed, "Uh, are you wearing panties?"

Julie laughed. "You are so good. Pull my pants down and see for yourself."

Janet got a gleam in her eye and said: "Oh, may I?"

"Of course," Julie smiled. Noel looked on, looking fairly eager too. Janet grasped the waist band of the lycra pants and pull slowly. As she did Julie belly, then hips and ass came into view.

"Oh, dear!" Janet said.

"You keep saying that," Julie laughed. But she could see that Julie was wearing a light silk thong, which was tucked up into the crack of her ass in back and barely noticeable in front. Janet simply sunk to her knees and buried her face and lips in the material covering Julie's pussy hair.

"Woa!" Julie said, "We'll never get to Gwen's at all at this rate. Come on, puss."

Janet got up, when Julie told her to. Julie looked at Janet and said: "Love, are you okay with this tonight?"

Janet smiled and kissed Julie's hand, saying: "Darling, I'm okay with whatever you do to me! You know how to unlock that secret place where my fantasies about pain are kept hidden. It's you and me and it's kind of a thrill to have you use me."

"Fine," Julie continued, "Then let's go get Noel."

When they got Noel, her dress mirrored Janet's, except that her skirt was a short black pleated skirt. Julie had the two of them sit in the back of the SUV.

Noel giggled, when she got settled there. "Looking at the way you're dressed and the way we're dressed, it makes me feel like a kind of, I don't know, sacrifice." Noel laughed nervously.

"It won't come to that," Julie said, "Just a little rough play, is all."

They finally got to Gwen's, which turned out to be a loft apartment, a rather spacious one. Gwen, a gleam in her eye now, led them into the loft.

She looked both women over and said: "You look delicious. She got a hug from Janet and a long hug from Noel. "A glass of wine, girls?" she asked.

They drank a glass of wine and then went to an inner room. Noel and Janet just stood and stared, when the got to the doorway. In the room were all sorts of strange pieces of furniture, ropes and pulleys. It was bizarre.

Gwen spoke: "Welcome to the house of pain, or, as I sometimes call it, the victim's lair, or even the house of alternate loving."

Julie smiled, and so did the two women but their smiles were thin.

Then Gwen spoke directly to Noel: "Sweetie, you're my playmate for the evening. Jules and Janet have done this sort of thing before but I just don't know you. The rule is simple and we'll all abide by it: if you or Janet shake your head vigorously back and forth to indicate 'no', then the play is over. This is to explore more of a mutual kind of bonding in the pain of the situation. It's certainly not torture. Are we all cool on that?"

Everyone shook their heads 'yes' to that. Janet looked into Julie's eyes, and Julie reached over and stroked Janet's cheek with her hand. Janet grabbed the hand and held it, kissing the palm.

Gwen continued: "Well, let me say that the two of you certainly look like the real thing, the way you're dressed."

Janet spoke up then: "The way you two are dressed makes me want to cum just looking at you." Julie and Gwen laughed at that but Noel agreed.

"Good," Gwen said, "Let's make things hotter."

Both Janet and Noel were directed to extend their hands and arms above their heads. When their hands and arms were in place, Julie put black cuffs that attached together, on Janet's wrists and Gwen did the same. Janet was then aware only of what Julie was doing to her. She knew that Gwen was doing the same to Noel but all of her attention was riveted on Julie.

Julie attached one of the hooks from hanging ropes to the cuffs that now bound Janet's wrists together. Julie went to the wall and with a switch caused the rope to retract, pulling Janet up on the toes of her feet.

Janet was taken by surprise and let out a kind of moaning 'Ohhhhhhh.' Julie went to Janet and said: "Getting hot, babe?"

"Oh god, yes," Janet said.

"You okay?" Was Julie's next question.

"Oh, yes, I am; do whatever you want. This turns me on and it pleases and turns you on too."

Julie smiled and stroked Janet's cheek again. Gwen then brought over a dark look harness type of thing and gave one to Julie. She smiled at the women. Now Noel was trussed up similarly to Janet, on her toes.

Gwen smiled: "Ball gags; we might just let you moan later but for now we'll use these. They have the added feature that they will allow your saliva to run and just kind of ooze down your fronts. But don't worry about ruining your clothes."

Julie and Gwen laughed at that. Just before Julie put the ball gag into Janet's mouth she leaned in and kissed her former teacher on the lips. Janet gave herself over to the kiss.

When it broke off, Janet whispered quickly: "I love you."

Julie put the ball gag in Janet's mouth and whispered to her: "I love you too."

Both Noel and Janet were ready. They were wearing plain white tee shirts, no bras, heeled sandals and pleated, short skirts. The stretching from the ropes and the cuffs attached already had the effect of forcing the skirts up on their thighs a bit.

"Lovely, lovely picture," Julie said, to which Gwen agreed. Gwen had a camera set up that was actually taking pictures of all that they were doing. Julie knew this and was looking forward to the album of it all later.

Julie walked over to where Janet was partially hanging. "Hmm, nipples," she said.

She took a sponge from a nearby table and ran the sponge, wet with cold water, over Janet's tits. Janet moaned behind the ball gag and her nipples got instantly hard and were thrusting out. Julie leaned in and kissed each nipple, biting them just a bit at the end of the kiss. Then came another moan from Janet.

Noel was receiving the same treatment. Now Julie switched gears a little and grabbed each nipple and pinched. Janet's groans became a little more agitated then. Julie smiled at Janet's sweating face and twisted the nipples now. Janet closed her eyes and gave a great groan in her throat.

"Open your eyes, bitch," Julie ordered. "Don't you dare close your eyes on me."

Janet's eyes snapped open then. Julie turned to the table near her and came back now with a pair of scissors. She cut a circle in the front of Janet's tee shirt, freeing her nipples, which no poked out through the holes cut in her shirt. Julie went back to alternatingly licking, biting and pinching Janet's nipples.

Janet was rubbing her thighs together and still groaning. Julie smiled and went back to the table. She returned with a set of nipple clamps, which were connected together by a chain.

Janet's eyes got larger, and she screamed into her ball gag, as Julie applied the nipple clamps first to one nipple then to the other. Julie pulled on the chain, once the clamps were in place, to make sure that they were secure. She pulled on the chain and brought Janet to the front edge of the little platform that they had her now standing on.

"Hurt?" Julie wanted to know. Janet vigorously shook her head 'yes'.

"Want to stop?" Julie asked next. Janet now vigorously shook her head 'no'.

Julie went to the table again and came back now with the scissors again. Smiling at the tense Janet, she began to cut through the tee shirt material beginning at the bottom. Soon she had cut all the way through the shirt from top to bottom. Next she cut through the sleeves beginning with the neck and was able take the tee shirt off of Janet entirely. Janet presented a truly hot sexual picture, almost hanging there with her arms extended above her head, naked now from the waist up and a chain and clamps on her nipples.

Julie went to Janet and whispered to her: "You look like a wet dream now, teacher." Janet said a barely able to be understood 'thank you, mistress' through the gag.

Julie grinned and said: "You hardly know how long I've waited for just this type of situation with you! You hardly know."

After she said that, she suddenly slapped Janet's right tit and sent it moving to the left. Then she slapped the left one and it moved to the right. She continued this for a few minutes, grinning as she kept slapping Janet's tits back and forth.

Janet was wide eyed and moaning during the procedure. Julie reached out and removed one of the nipple clamps. Janet screamed into the gag again, when it was removed. Julie went to the table and came back with a wrench. Janet's eyes were wide again, as Julie tightened the wrench on her nipple. Julie tightened it and pulled. Janet hopped up and down, yelling into the gag. Julie grinned, and took off the wrench only to put the clamp back in place.

Julie walked around and around Janet now. She was behind Janet and whispered in her ear: "Guess what, teacher? There goes your skirt!"

She released the waist button and zipper of the skirt as she said this and it fluttered to the floor. Julie scooped up the skirt and took it to the table. Then she was back. She circled Janet again a few times.

Running her hand over the surface of Janet's nylon panties as she moved. "Nice panties, teach," she said.

"But look here, you have some pussy hair sticking out at the leg bands of your panties. Looks bad. What say we just get the lighter and burn them off?"

Janet looked stricken now. She knew what was coming.

"Shall we?" Julie asked? Janet now had tears in her eyes that were brimming over but she shook her head 'yes' at Julie's question.

Julie went away for only a minute and then came back with the lighter in her hand. In the background she could hear Noel groaning at Gwen's treatment but she concentrated on Janet and what she was about to do.

She leaned into Janet and said: "Now listen to me, puss, when this gets really hot for you, I want you to piss yourself. Can you do that for me?"

Janet shook her head 'yes' in compliance and the tears began to flow, as Julie opened the lighter and flicked it on. It was the way they'd done this before. Julie's eyes gleamed; Janet trembled and watched the progress of the lighter. It first moved up the inside of Janet's thigh, moving to her pussy mound. Janet trembled and jerked; her voice whined against the ball gag in her mouth.

The flame of the lighter made its progress now up the inside of the other thigh. Julie moved the flame to the outside of the band of the leg of Janet's white bikini panties. Now she was scorching the pubic hairs that stuck out of the panties' leg band. Janet was trembling and jerking. Julie ran the lighter now up the other leg band, and was singing the pubic hair there.

Julie moved behind Janet and pulled at the back of Janet's panties, exposing the richness of Janet's ass cheeks. Julie ran the lighter's flame up the swell of one as cheek and down the other, letting the bright yellow flame move directly up Janet's ass crack. Janet was jumping against her bonds now. Julie swatted Janet's ass and moved around to the front again. She flicked the lighter up and waved it across Janet's left nipple.

And in a sudden rush, unable to stand it no longer, Janet pissed her pants. Julie stood back and watched, as the urine ran out of the crotch of Janet's panties and down her legs. The tears streamed down Janet's face but Julie went to her then and was planting kisses up and down the cheeks of her face.

Janet's eyes glanced at Julie with a kind of longing. Julie went then and released the rope and pulley, letting Janet's arms down. She removed the gag, and unhooked the cuffs and grabbed hold of Janet to make sure that she didn't collapse onto the floor.

She held her. "Sweetest of the sweet, my good girl, my brave girl," she cooed s she held Janet.

"Now we're going to do this," Julie warned and removed the nipple clips. Again Janet squealed I agony, as they were taken off.

"Talk to me, darling, talk, sweetest."

Janet held her face a little away from Julie and said, in a barely audible voice, "Fuck now; fuck me now."

Julie left Janet kneeling and moved in front of her. She removed her boots and then slid the tight, black lycra pants down and off. It showed her wearing a large strap on. Janet smiled as Julie moved behind her again. Julie Tugged the panties off of Janet and pushed her into an all fours position. Julie moved up against Janet; the extended strap on dildo poking against Janet's wet pussy. As Julie began to push the dildo into Janet's wiggling pussy, she grabbed Janet's tits and massaged her nipples, lying, as she did it, across Janet's back.

She whispered fiercely into Janet's ear: "When I cover you and come into you like this, I feel like the tiger mounting the tigress."

Janet groaned as she said this and then yipped out loud, when Julie accompanied her words by biting the back of Janet's neck.

"Oh, gawwwd," Janet sighed, "You are it, whatever it is that's ravishing me: lion, tiger; you are it."

"Good," Julie continued, now thrusting in and out of Janet, with the dildo working on her own pussy and clit in the process. "Now keen for me; make those throat noises that show me that you're conquered, afraid, excited all at the same time."

Janet began a moan in her throat and kept it up. The range of sensations was excessive. The hand pinching her sensitive nipples, the dildo pushing into her pussy, the teeth at the back of her neck. It all pushed her finally over the edge, tumbling and falling, and crying out and laughing and crying at the same time.

She simply wailed: "Oh, Julie," as all of the sensations, wrapped up in her orgasm overtook her.

Then they crashed together to the floor. They were quickly aware of someone applauding them. Julie and Janet looked up to see Gwen and the naked Noel applauding for them. They had finished their playing and watched the 'mating' that Julie and Janet had gone through. Both Julie and Janet blushed and smiled.

Julie whispered to Janet then: "It's really time to get going; would you like it if I stayed over tonight with you two girls?"

"Ohhhh," sighed Janet, "We'd love it. Pillow talk and all."

"Yes," continued Julie, "I have to leave in two days and I know you're trip to Florida is coming soon. Let's spend the time together."

They thanked Gwen profusely, and Noel promised to come back to Gwen for more. Julie produced from her bag a pair of panties for Janet and a pair for Noel to wear, plus two clean tee shirts and they were off.

When they got to Janet's, they decided that a shower was best and should happen immediately.

Janet said brightly to Julie: "I'll wash your back, and other places."

Julie smiled at that. Then Noel said to Janet: "I'll wash your back and other places." Then it was Janet's turn to smile.

Julie and Janet looked at Noel and said together: "We'll both wash your back and other places."

They had a tight fit in the shower but it was worth it. At first Janet and Noel simply surrounded Julie with Janet washing her 'front' and Noel washing her 'back.' Of course, the washing included both women kneeling and applying their tongues to Julie's pussy and ass crack during the washing. Everyone got a turn to be 'washed.' They came out of the shower invigorated and decided on a cup of tea.

They were sitting at the table drinking their tea.

Julie spoke first: It was mainly to Noel that she was talking. "I want you to make sure in Florida that you're taking care, good, constant care of Janet's sexual needs. Do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am," Noel said with an earnest smile.

Janet touched Julie's hand and said: "But what about you at school."

Julie smiled at her former teacher and said in response: "Well, I really play better soccer if I am celibate. So, I'll concentrate on that. It fills my time and keeps me from crawling up the walls. So, I'll just downplay sex for a bit, while I'm trying to get a place in their soccer program. That is, until I come to visit you two."

"Oh, you will do that soon, won't you?"

Julie grinned: "As soon as I can."

Then Julie continued: "But speaking of sex; you know what we need? We need to get laid! I mean find someone who's pretty with a nice cock and have them take care of us!"

"What a great idea," Noel said.

"Hmmm," Janet replied, grinning with the rest. Then Janet jumped up: "I have it; I know!"

The other two looked at her and said: "What? Tell us."

Janet was smiling from ear to ear as she said: "Roger Savage."

"Of course," Julie answered.

Janet continued: "He said he wanted to get together with me another time before he goes to school and I go to Florida."

"Call him!" Julie demanded. Janet did, since Roger had given her his private number.

When he answered, she said: "Roger, it's Janet Peters."

Then she went on: "Yes, you snot, the same Janet Peters who used to teach you chemistry." Then it was "Yes, Roger, the same Janet Peter's who has had your cock in her mouth a couple of times."

Then in response to a questions she said: "Only a pair of panties right now." Janet hustled on saying: "I was wondering if we might be able to get together tomorrow night at my house for a bit."

She paused and said: "Oh, good, be here at 8:00 PM. Yes, bye." Janet was grinning, when she put down the phone. "It's all set."

"Too bad Robin's not here," Julie said, "We could include her."

Then Janet had another idea: "But we can include Jan!"

"Lovely," Julie said, picking up the phone. She spoke to her mom for a bit; it seemed that her mom was reluctant to come over to talk with them, she'd already gone to bed. Janet simply held out her hand for the phone. "Jan, this is Janet," she said. "What are you wearing right now?"

Then she continued: "Fine, put on a coat and nothing more and get your ass over here!" There was a pause and then: "Yes, we'll be waiting for you."

Jan buzzed to be let in a little while later. Julie giggled and told Janet and Noel how they were going to welcome her mom. The two of them agreed with a laugh. When Jan pushed the doorbell of the apartment, Julie opened the door and Janet and Noel rushed out, although they themselves were only wearing panties. Janet grabbed Jan, who whooped, and pulled off her coat. Noel was ons her immediately and pulled off the shortie night gown that she was wearing.

It left Jan in the hallway wearing only heels and panties. They closed the door quickly, and left Jan knocking frantically on the door.

Janet said through the closed door: "What's the pass word?"

Jan was pleading now. She said she heard the elevator coming.

Janet then said: "Do you promise to be good and do what you're told?"

"Yes, ma'am," Jan said, "I truly do."

"Okay then," Janet said and opened the door; Jan scurried in. "Kneel, and greet me and Noel," Janet demanded.

Julie stood by and smiled. Jan went to her knees and, since Janet did not extend a hand to be kissed, leaned forward and kissed Janet's pussy through the panties. Then she kissed Noel's hand. Finally Julie raised her up and they hugged.

Once the fun was over, they settled down and told Jan the plan for the next night. Jan was pleased with the plan. She said that she remembered Roger from the clearing and also remembered how nice his cock looked, as Janet was servicing him there. They went into details about the plan then. It was decided that Janet would answer the door, and the other three would wait in the bedroom. They also decided that they would have Roger fuck Julie first, then Noel, then Jan and finally, if he could, Janet. They seemed all set. Jan told them that she really had to go home; that there were things to plan. She left and the other three, now completely without any clothes snuggled together in the bed with Julie in the middle.

The four of them were gathered the next night by 6 PM and all their preparations were made in plenty of time. At just about precisely 8 PM, the bell rang and Janet buzzed Roger into the building. When his knock came on her door a little later, she opened it and stepped back. Roger was surprised to find Janet waiting for him completely naked except for her heels. He grabbed her immediately and began to kiss her. As they kiss, he felt her large tits pressed against his chest and let his hands wander down to cup her ass cheeks.

"Boy, are you hot, teacher!" he said.

"Hmm," she answered, "I can feel that you're happy to see me. Come into the bedroom. I have a little surprise."

She took him by the hand and led him into the bedroom. When he crossed the bedroom threshold, he stood stock still and just gaped. There was Julie, also completely naked, lying on the bed propped up by pillows.

"Rog!" she said, "Welcome."

He stuttered at first but finally said: "Jules! You look wonderful!" Then it dawned on him and he grinned: "Both of you?"

"Yes," Julie said, "Are you feeling strong tonight?"

"You bet," he grinned, his eyes settling first on Janet's nakedness and then on Julie's. He almost blurted out: "But, Jules, you're gorgeous!"

She smiled and said: "Too bad no one took the time to find out."

"But I thought you liked girls," he almost stammered. (Julie was enjoying this.)

"Oh, I do," she said simply.

Then turning to Janet she said: "Come here, puss."

Janet dropped Roger's hand and went to where Julie was sitting on the edge of the bed.

"Here," Julie said, indicating the space between her legs. Roger looked on amazed as Janet settled down exactly where she was told to.

"Now kiss me," Julie said.

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said and, turning her head, kissed Julie.

Roger was wide eyed as he watched Janet kiss Julie not on the lips but directly between her legs. Janet placed her mouth over the mouth of Julie's pussy for the kiss.

"Wow!" Roger said.

"Yes, wow!" Julie said. "But you know, Rog, I really, really like to fuck. I'm going to show you that tonight. So, I hope you are feeling strong." He grinned again. Then she continued: "Because this is Jan and Noel."

As she said this, Jan and Noel entered the room. They too were naked.

"Girls," Julie commanded, "Take off his clothes; he has work to do."

Janet stirred but Julie said: "Not you, bitch, kiss me again."

Roger was simply struck dumb by this. Jan and Noel soon had him naked. Jan reached down and grabbed hold of his lovely, big cock, which was standing out.

"Okay," Julie said, "Here's the way it will be. I'm first, Rog," He nodded 'yes'. Then you'll fuck Noel and then Jan. Janet will be our clean up. When you finish fucking me, she'll clean the cum out of my pussy and clean off your cock with her mouth. She'll do the same, when you finish fucking Noel and when you finish fucking Jan. Then she gets to be fucked last. When you fuck me, I'll be on top. Any problems with this, Rog?"

"No, Julies," he said smiling. "You're in charge."

Then turning to Jan he said: "Wasn't it you that Janet brought to the clearing last week?"

"Yes," she said simply.

Julie spoke up then: "So, you already know my mother?" Roger was again surprised beyond words.

"Come here, Roger," Julie said.

He walked across the room to where Julie was now standing with Janet still between her legs. Janet stayed there as Roger and Julie kissed; she held onto his cock and inserted a finger into Julie's pussy. Their night of fucking had begun. As Roger and Julie kissed Janet knelt between their legs. Janet simply reached over and took one of Roger's balls in her mouth, getting a huge moan from him.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 12 - Chapter 14 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 13
Posted: November 13, 2009 - 07:06:53 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

"Now," Julie said, "On the bed; I want that cock inside of me."

She positioned Roger on the bed and mounted him. She was close enough to the bottom of the bed that Janet leaned into her and rubbed her tits along Julie's back as she began the fucking. Janet also reached around and grasped Julie's nipples, while Julie and Roger screwed.

Jan and Noel were watching with rapt attention. They turned to each other and began to kiss, almost overwhelmed with the scene. A little struggle between them was resolved when Jan put her hands on Noel's shoulders and pushed her to her knees. Jan then took hold of the back of Noel's head and pulled her mouth into her pussy. Noel allowed herself to be forced and began to use her tongue on Jan's pussy.

Julie was riding Roger, increasing her motion. Janet watched and noticed that Julie tensed her muscles. She did it several times.

Roger moaned, and finally rasped out a question: "Jules, what the fuck are you doing?"

"Fucking," Julie said with a smile.

"No kind of fucking that I've ever known," was Roger's answer.

"That's because you've spent too much time fucking cheerleaders and not enough time fucking athletes."

She continued her muscular actions and was bringing Roger to a major climax. She paused then: "Roger, I want you to do something for me."

"Yes, Jules, anything, just fuck me like this," he answered. "I want you to brag to your friends about how well I fuck."

"Brag?" he was barely aware of what was happening.

"Yes, brag; in high school no one even notice me because I was a jock and the word was out that I liked girls. I want everyone to know what they've missed."

"Oh, I'll do that, Jules; I'll certainly do that."

They paused as Julie continued to ride Roger's cock and push him closer and closer.

"My gift," she concluded, "Is that either of these two," here she indicated Jan and Noel, "You can fuck anytime you want; you or your buddies. Any time and any thing. But this is your one chance at me. Understand?"

"Yes, yes, yes, Jules," he croaked, "Now please bring me off." She did and the two of them lay immobile for long minutes."

When she finally rolled off of Roger, leaving him with a smile on his face. She motioned to Janet. As Roger, Jan and Noel watched, Janet crawled between Julie's thighs and began to lap at the cm that was seeping from her pussy.

"Good, girl, teacher," Julie said, stroking Janet's hair. Janet smiled at her. When Janet was finished, Julie motioned to Roger: "Now clean him and get him hard for Noel."

Janet moved over and with barely a glance up at him, took Roger's slimy cock in her mouth. She sucked on it, and washed it with her tongue. She also left it hard again and ready. Noel smiled and crawled onto the bed with Roger. He moved her around though, so that he could be on top of her. They began their own fucking as the other watched. Julie held out her arms to Janet, who came into them for a kiss, while Jan moved behind Janet and stroked her hand up and down Janet's naked back. As the couple on the bed continued to fuck, Jan crawled up behind Roger and moved her hand to take his balls in her hand. Then she lowered her face so that she could lick the balls and take one of them into her mouth. It made Roger moan, and Noel started to positively squeal from the fucking, as she approached her climax.

Soon enough both Roger and Noel were done. Roger rolled off of Noel and lay still, a smile on his face. Noel watched, also smiling, as Janet crawled onto the bed and nestled between her legs. Janet glanced up at Noel, who blew her a kiss. Then Janet applied her tongue to Noel's pussy and began to clean her of the semen there. She let her tongue enter Noel's vagina and scooped out more of the semen with her tongue. Noel was beginning to moan again with Janet's treatment. Rather than break off from her, Janet continued to suck on Noel and lick her pussy. Again Noel was bucking and holding Janet's head to her pussy, as she had yet another orgasm.

Next Janet moved her attentions to Roger. His cock, again slimy, was lying down against his thigh. Roger watched as his former teacher took his prick in her hand and guided it to her mouth.

"Fucking fantastic," Roger said, aiming his remark at Julie.

Julie just smiled. It took a little longer this time but soon enough Roger was ready and Jan took her place on the bed. Roger moved to her and they kissed passionately before Roger got her into the position he wanted. He propped Jan's legs up, so that they were over his shoulders and moved his now stiffened cock into her. Jan was making noise right from the start. Noel stood and ran her hand down Roger's back, caressing his ass cheeks as she did. Janet moved again to Julie's arms to watch.

"This is wonderful,"Julie said, kissing Janet. "You're doing so well, my puss."

"Thank you, ma'am," Janet said.

In a few moments, Julie whispered to Janet; "You know, love, he's really fading. I don't think he's going to make the distance."

Janet nodded. It was obvious that Roger's performance with Jan was slowing down. He did come again but once he did, he simply slumped over on the bed, almost passed out.

Julie then whispered to Janet: "Do them." Janet moved over to the bed. She crawled to Jan first, who was smiling at her as she came. She got her head between Jan's legs and reached her hands under Jan's ass, supporting her hips. Janet moved her head into position and began to lap at Jan's pussy, taking the cum that Roger had left behind.

When Jan was cleaned up, Janet moved to Roger. His prick was lying small and flaccid against his thigh. His eyes were almost glazed over. She gathered his cock in her hand and had it in her mouth in no time. She licked at it and sucked it clean. But moving her head away she noticed that it got no stiffer from her actions. Janet went back to Julie.

"I don't know," she said.

Then Janet had an idea. She whispered to Julie: "I know what to do, ma'am, discipline me in front of him. That'll turn him on and then he'll finish."

Julie laughed, "You might be right, puss."

Then Julie gave Janet instructions about what to do, and Janet left the room to comply. She also told Jan and Noel to put their panties back on.

Julie smiled at Roger, who was lying contentedly on the bed with his back propped up against the head board. "One more part to our evening, Roger, and we're all content. I know what an effort it must be to satisfy all four of us but we're going to play this little game to help the process along. You just watch and follow what I'm saying."

She smiled at him and continued: "To you remember our sophomore year, Rog?" Do you?" Roger said that 'yes' he did.

"Then you'll remember that one of the major sensations of that year was Intro to Science for sophomores, and what was special about that was the new teacher."

She paused then and said aloud: "Ms. Peters, can you please come in here." Janet entered the room again but now totally changed. She was wearing an older black a-line skirt and a plain white blouse. Her hair was back and up and her heels were low and very 'sensible.' Roger gapped at her.

"Then you remember," Julie said, "You remember what a sensation among us the new teacher, Ms. Peters was. I mean, big, full bodied, nice big ass, nice really big tits. You know what was going through the minds of every guy there: 'I wonder what this bitch would look like with no clothes on or with only her panties on and maybe sexy heels.' Is that right?"

Roger shook his head a compliant 'yes' and continued to stare at Janet, who merely waited.

"We knew precious little about her then; I mean we didn't know that she was married to a wastrel who didn't appreciate her, keep her fulfilled or ever took into account what she wanted or what her fantasies were. Right?"

He shook his head 'yes' again.

"But we knew what we wanted; didn't we?"

Roger's eyes kind of glazed over at this point.

"I mean," Julie continued, and the other three women were rapt in attention. "Every guy was wondering what it would be like to fuck her mouth. I don't mean a wussy blow job; no, I mean good, hard face fucking. Her hands tied behind her back, your hands buried in her hair or grasping her ears and simply pulling her face back and forth so that your cock could invade and more or less rape her mouth. She'd cough a little, and may be choke a little, drool on herself a little, maybe even spit up at little because you weren't having any mercy. You were fucking her face.

Or maybe fucking her pussy with wild abandon, or maybe, just maybe plunging your big, stiff cock into her asshole, while slapping that wonderful, up-turned, big, blooming ass as you fuck her. Nice thoughts, eh Roger?"

He shook his head 'yes' again, only now his hand was active at his cock, which was growing in size and getting ready for one last act.

Julie continued, "Well, then we're going to end tonight with that fantasy of yours fulfilled. Nice, eh, Rog?"

He shook his head 'yes' enthusiastically now. His cock was getting to its large, erect size. Janet waited. The other two women watched.

Julie continued: "But that wasn't the only fantasy out there, Rog; there was always my fantasy. I like women you see, better than men, although I enjoy being fucked. But this Ms. Peters was a morsel that I thought about and thought about. And you know what I wanted? What my fantasy was?"

He stared at her, the others did also. "Let me show you."

Then turning to Janet she said in a rough voice: "Strip, bitch!"

Janet began to do just that. Her hands went to the buttons on her blouse and soon it was loose and falling to the floor.

"Who knew?" Julie mused, "Who, fucking knew, Rog, that our Ms. Tits and Ass Peters was also an unfulfilled, submissive slut waiting to be brought out?"

She turned to Janet and barked: "Skirt and bra, now!"

Janet scurried to get out of her a-line skirt and her bra, letting her tits swing free. She stood there wearing a pair of white, nylon panties, the kind that were full to the waist, and her sensible shoes.

"There we have it," Julie laughed. "The wife of her ineffectual Jimmie. Old style panties and sensible shoes."

Turning to Janet she commanded: "Get them off!"

Janet did and now stood naked before all of them. Roger's cock was standing at attention now.

"Well," Julie commented, "This is at least the way that we wanted her; bare assed naked. Ours for any kind of treat or torment that we cold devise. But let me take this a step further, Rog, before you get to unload on our teacher here; let me act ou this fantasy of mine."

Turning to Janet she said: "On your knees now, Ms. Peters."Janet slid to her knees.

"This is what we need to do," Julie continued, as she took Janet's bra and used it to bind her hands behind her back."

"Lovely," Janet commented.

"Ohh!" was the comment from Roger.

Julie turned to her mom and said to her, pull the hassock over here. Jan did so and Julie pushed Janet so that she was suspended over the hassock with her naked ass in the air.

"Hmm," Julie commented, "Almost ready now." Turning to her mom again she said: "Go into the closet and on the shelf you'll find a ping pong paddle, bring it here."

At that point Roger's eyes got big and his cock twitched. Janet glanced at Julie with apprehension.

Julie turned to Noel and said: "Take your panties off; put them in her mouth. We don't want her alarming the neighbors."

Noel moved to do as she was told, putting her panties into Janet's mouth. Jan came back with the ping pong paddle.

Then Julie turned to Roger again and said: "Now this, Rog, is my fantasy; this is what I wanted to do with Ms.Peters: get her naked and spread over a hassock with a paddle in my hand; just like she is now."

As she ended what she was saying, Julie swung the paddle and landed a tremendous 'splat' sounding blow to Janet's unprotected ass. It made Janet jump and moan into her panty gag.

"Nice!" Julie said. Jan and Noel were now arm in arm and beginning to play with one another. Now the blows fell constantly. Janet's groans and throat noises were also constant, as Julie continued to spank her former teacher's naked ass.

Julie looked at Roger and said: "We're almost finished here, Rog; you're tired but not too tired for this. Where do you want her?"

Roger smiled and got off of the bed, saying, as he moved: "Her ass, her big red ass."

He moved behind Janet and wet the tip of his cock in her streaming pussy. Then he inched it into her ass hole. Janet bucked as he did and groaned anew. Julie moved around to the front of Janet and Pulled Janet to her self, as Roger began the process of fucking Janet in the ass. Janet kept her moaning up but now she was moaning into Julie's shoulder.

Julie whispered into her former teacher's ear: "Too hot to imagine, Ms. Peters! Too hot!"

Then she also followed that up with the whispered words: "Janet, I love you. You please me in every way!"

Roger came one more time and then sunk to his knees on the floor.

Julie glanced at the two women and said: "Noel, clean him up." She did immediately.

Then she turned to her mom and said: "Lick Janet's ass hole clean." Her mom shook her head 'yes' and did as she was told.

They all rested for a bit. It was Julie who broke the silence now saying: "Okay, we'll fit; a shower for everyone."

They all crowded into the shower and washed each other. When the shower was finished, they all crowded around Roger and toweled him off. Then they sent him on his way, smiling with kisses and hugs.

The four naked women stood by the door, when he was gone and simply grinned at each other. Then they almost exploded into a hug all together.

When the hug was broken, Janet said to the group: "Well, I have a bottle of wine or a Sara Lee chocolate cake."

They voted unanimously for chocolate cake and wine. It was a giggle fest for all of them. When they were finished with the chocolate cake, Janet suggested a photo for remembrance. She got out her digital camera and set it up on a tripod. Then the four of them piled onto the bed still totally naked. They took a few photos of them lying there, arm in arm, and grinning. Finally it was bed time. Janet had a queen sized bed and they all tumbled into it.

As they were settling down, they were talking about the evening and Roger Savage. Janet interjected: "Yes, but I turned out to be the strongest of all."

"How do you figure?" Julie asked.

Janet grinned widely and said: "I licked you all!"

The other three, as though on cue, pelted her with pillows. They grabbed her bodily and wrestled her to the floor at the foot of the bed. Julie then pronounced that each of them wold get five swats to Janet's ass for her temerity. The spanks were administered and they went to bed. Julie and Janet were in the middle. Noel was on the left of Julie and Jan on the right of Janet. It was the middle of the night, when Julie woke to a strange, kind of wet sensation. She realized quickly with satisfaction that it was Janet's mouth working on her pussy. Then Noel reached around and started rubbing one of Julie's nipples and kissing her. Jan woke and joined the group by starting to lick at Janet ass crack. The next half hour was spent in all possible combinations. Only gradually then did they sleep.

The four of them were amazingly frisky in the morning when they woke. Noel went off to make the coffee and Janet hustled into a pair of panties, Jan left early, saying that she had some things to do, and Julie lounged in the bed.

Janet also brought a pair of panties out into the kitchen for Noel, even going so far as to help her put them on. Slapping her shapely ass, once the panties were in place.

Late in the morning, after Julie had gone to get stuff packed for her up-coming trip to school, the phone rang. Janet answered and whispered to Noel that it was Jan, Julie's mom.

Janet listened and started to giggle. She promised to do exactly what Jan was asking. When she hung up, Janet told Noel that there was apparently a dinner to see Julie off to the university, since she was leaving the next day or so to go join the soccer team before school. It was supposed to be just a quiet dinner for Julie and her mom, plus friends from the club, but they had plans. It would be a private party in a private dining room and they wanted Janet to help them out. Janet told Noel what the plan was, and they both absolutely loved it.

Janet had a phone call from Julie, who was busy getting her stuff ready for school. Julie, in a disgusted tone of voice, told Janet that her mom had requested a dinner just for the two of them, and she couldn't really get out of it. But she'd come see Janet after the dinner was over.

Janet agreed. Then she and Noel went out to see Clifford to get his help with the plan. Clifford grinned when he saw them, and collected a hug from both of them. Janet told him that she'd heard that he was moving toward a permanent relationship with Alma, a very rich, older woman, who was also amazingly submissive to Clifford. He seemed pleased by it.

They got into the preparation of Janet, after Clifford got her on a pedestal and naked. Clifford worked his wonders and Janet had everything she needed. She next had a hair appointment that Clifford set up for her. It left her looking amazingly exotic. It was close to the time for the party for Julie, when all the preparations were done. Janet and Noel kissed and Janet promised to call Noel the next day. They were leaving for Florida the day after.

Julie's mom led her to a private room in the restaurant. There were friends such as Gwen, who was now going out with Julie's mom, and a few others, including some from the club that Gwen and Julie belonged to.

Julie, who would have preferred to spend the time with Janet but knew that this was important to her mom and these were her oldest friends and buddies, simply was gracious and decided to make the best of it.

When they'd finished the meal, Gwen spoke for the group. She mentioned how proud they were of Julie making the varsity soccer team at the university. She talked then a bit about Julie's 'coming of age' and the pain that they'd all been through with her and her life style choice. Then she said that they'd put their heads together and decided on an appropriate going away gift.

She said that after a bit of thought they came up with the perfect gift. Smiling at her Gwen said: "We've bought you a prostitute for the night; she's yours to do with as you please."

Julie was simply non-plussed. She had no idea what to say. It was a wrenching disappointment.

"What were they thinking?" she screamed to herself.

If it weren't for her mother's obvious glee at this party, shed raise a real scene.

Gwen then hustled to a side door and said, when she got there: "Here she is, Jules."

All eyes were on the door and Janet walked through. She was wearing a cape that Gwen took from her, getting a kiss on the cheek from Janet. Then she moved into the room. But that's not accurate. She sauntered through the room; it wasn't so mundane as a walk. She was wearing 6" black 'fuck me' heels, she had a chocker around her neck with the word "Julie" on it. She was wearing a black bustier that was tight but cut off just below her large tits, which were left in view and supported by the bustier. Her right nipple had a ring attached to it, and Julie knew, after reflection, that it was the ring with the J.S on it.

She wore a tiny, tiny pair of thong panties that were cut low enough that you could see that Janet's pussy hair was cut into the letter 'J'.

Julie squealed and put her hand in front of her mouth, masking her surprise. Janet didn't come to Julie directly but went around the table the other way. It showed her gaping mistress that Janet's panties were only a black line that was pulled into the crack of her ass.

Julie's hand had flown to her mouth; she was speechless. All eyes were on Janet, who walked through the room like liquid sexuality. She had on eye shadow and her bright red lips were lined with black liner.

But Janet was staring at Julie every step of the way. She sauntered around the table and went directly to where Julie was.

Then she knelt and said: "You're the one I've been purchased for?"

Julie was still agog and merely shook her head 'yes'.

"Good," Janet said, "My time is money and there's a limo waiting out back for us."

She took Julie by the hand and almost pulled her from the room. The people at the party were applauding as Julie and Janet left. Julie turned back, still overcome and waved to them, as they disappeared out the door. Gwen put the cape back on the still sauntering Janet, and was there to open the limo door for them. Janet hadn't bothered to put any other clothes on. Julie was astounded, pleased, turned on and elated.

Once they were in the car, Janet said to Julie: "I'm sorry, darling Mistress, for the deception but I just couldn't resist this."

She got no more out of her mouth because by that time Julie was kissing her. For the ride to Janet's place, they simply snuggled in the back seat of the limo.

Janet sighed as Julie ran her hands over all of Janet's exposed parts. She rubbed Janet's ass, played with her nipples; hefted her large breasts. Julie was enjoying herself and Janet was sighing.

The limo pulled into Janet's lot and Julie, with a wicked grin, said quietly to Janet: "The back of the lot; you tip him."

Janet knew he was well taken care of but agreed immediately: "Yes, ma'am, " she said. "Please pull around to the back,"

Janet said to the young black man driving. "Over there," Janet said then, indicating the very back of the parking lot, shrouded in darkness. The limo stopped and the driver jumped out to open their door. Julie got out and stood aside; then Janet got out, and turning to Julie, she gave Julie her cape.

The driver's eyes widened at Janet's sudden and almost complete nakedness. Janet smiled as she went to her knees in front of him. "My Mistress wants me to tip you," she said.

"Your Mistress?" he said in unbelief.

"Yes," Janet said with a broad smile. "I was her high school chemistry teacher until she seduced me and made me her sex slave."

"Wow!" was the only thing that the driver managed, for suddenly Janet had his zipper down and cock out, which was hardening.

Janet looked at Julie and Julie said: "Good, now suck him off."

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said, as she opened her mouth wide to receive the black man's fairly big prick.

"Oh, lady," he crooned, "You know how to do that."

Then he turned to Julie and said: "With that kind of mouth and a money maker like she's got on her, she's a gold mine."

"She is that," Julie said, then with a mischievous grin she added: "And she likes to take it up the ass, and is willing to drink piss."

"Oh, shit!" came the appreciative answer from the driver, as he came in Janet's mouth. He came so copiously that Janet had some of his semen running down her chin.

She grinned and putting it on her finger, licked it off. Then Janet proceeded to lick him off and put his cock away. Getting to her feet, she planted a salty kiss on his lips and, swinging her ass cheeks, strode away to where Julie was watching. When she got to Julie, and knew the driver was still watching, she knelt and, taking Julie's hand, kissed the back of her hand.

"Well fuck me!" the driver said, as he got back into the limo.

Janet spread her cape around her and Julie both as they strolled into the building. When they entered the house, Julie pulled Janet into a passionate kiss.

Janet whispered through the kiss: "Anything tonight; anything you want. Any level of pain, the burning, the lighter, the whip, anything you want. I really mean that, my darling."

Julie, still almost overcome, said: "Tonight love, just love."

Now Janet was out of the cape. She hung it in her closet. She looked at Julie and simply said: "Let me?"

Julie's answer was a simple: "Oh, yes!" Janet went and put some music on.

And then she danced. She danced around Julie. Julie just stood there and smiled. It seemed that Janet was everywhere at once. She was really good at this. Janet danced behind Julie and ran her hands roughly over the front of Julie blouse fairly slowly. The music still surged and Julie grinned totally to discover that now her blouse was unbuttoned.

Janet danced to one side and then to the other. In the process Julie's blouse was taken off altogether. Julie swayed to the music, as Janet continued her dance, once again dancing behind Julie and running her hands in a flighty fashion around Julie's waist. Again Julie was left just grinning as she realized that now her jeans were unbuttoned and unzipped.

There was a loud thump in the music and then Julie's jeans were down around her ankles. She was laughing now. But she sucked in her breath as Janet's mouth latched onto first one of her nipples through thin material of her bra, and then the other. Julie almost shrieked now with delight as the unhooked bra simply fell from her, leaving her tits bare. Janet's mouth was back now and intently sucking on Julie's nipples.

The music surged and Janet simply slid down Julie's body. As she went, her tongue slipped down Julie's body with her and Julie's panties were simply gone. Janet now swayed up against her naked Mistress and Julie swayed with her.

Julie just kept muttering: "Wonderful, fucking wonderful."

It made Janet smile. The music finally ended and Janet said that she'd be right back, as she went into the other room.

Julie made another surprised noise as Janet emerged from the bathroom now wearing a fairly large, flesh colored strap on dildo.

Janet took the naked, grinning Julie by the hand and led her to the bedroom. Once Janet had Julie on the bed, she began with her toes and sucked her way all the way up to Julie's ear lobes. When that journey had been finished, Janet was in position and slid the dildo into Julie's wet pussy and the two of them bucked together and came together.

"You've done this twice now," Julie said, "and once was out of this world. But twice is the gift of a life time."

The two of them were entwined and lying on the bed together.

Janet looked over at Julie and said in a whisper: "I'm afraid that I'm going to cry." And she did.

Julie pulled Janet over to her and cradled her lovely former teacher against her, and Janet just cried.

When she calmed down, she was able to say quietly: "My life was such chaos. I'd come face to face with uncovered desires, and I just gave way to them everywhere but there was just all this chaos. And you've come and brought order and firmness and a sense of passion and longing that simply leave me full."

Julie leaned over then and kissed Janet. "And now you're going to the university and I'm going to Florida to look at a home."

Julie spoke up then: "Well that's not going to sever this thing that we have; that's just not going to happen."

"No?" Janet's voice was full of longing as she spoke. "Oh, it's so nice to hear you say that. Can I visit you at the university? You can ... you know, tell people that I'm like your sister or your aunt. I don't care."

"I can tell people who need to know that you're my bitch, my own main squeeze."

Janet smiled at that. "And please, please, use the credit card."

"I will use it on occasions that are necessary but I will tell you when I'm going to. Remember the computers and I can still have you do dirty things for me over the computer."

Janet giggled at that. "You are such a joy to me,"

Julie said, "The gifts that you gave me, the car..."

"The blow job car," Janet said.

Julie laughed and slapped Janet's naked ass for interrupting. "And the credit card, well, I can't say anything or then I will be crying too. But I want to give you something; you know, something that will be tangible and for us. Help me out here."

"Really?" Janet asked. "Really," Julie replied.

Then without much hesitation, Janet said: "Then make this permanent!"

Julie looked and saw that Janet was referring to the nipple ring that was clipped onto her right nipple; it had J.S engraved on it.

"Wonderful idea," Julie said and bounced out of bed.

"Nice bouncing," Janet cried out. Julie just turned to her and blew her a kiss as she picked up the phone and dialed a number.

"Hey, Gwennie," Julie said brightly. "My prostitute? She's right here and has done her job and will continue to do it. But we have a favor. Can you come over to Janet's? She wants a nipple pierced. Yes, with my initials on it. Oh, lovely. No, I'll make sure that she doesn't put any clothes on. Yes, I promise that she'll greet you at the door bare assed naked. Yes, bye."

Julie turned to Janet and grinned. "You heard her," she wants you to greet her at your door totally naked. Janet grinned at that. Looking at Julie, lounging naked on the bed, she said simply: "What shall I do, when I greet her?"

Julie laughed, "You'll know what to do, just be friendly."

"I can do that," Janet said.

It wasn't too long after that when the doorbell rang. Janet buzzed Gwen in at the lower level and waited at the door. Then there was a knock on the door. Janet quickly used the peep hole to be sure and then simply opened the door wide. She stood there in the doorway absolutely naked.

"Well, look at you," Gwen said, a huge grin on her face. She stayed in the hallway a minute and Janet simply went out and wrapped herself around the older woman. Gwen was impressed.

"Lucky that Jules is such a friend, babe," Gwen said, "Or I'd have your lovely, round ass in a minute."

Janet whispered into Gwen's ear: "Stop that, you're making me hot all over again, and I was just calming down from serving my Mistress."

"Well, let's go see how well served she is," Gwen said, turning Janet around and giving her a swat on her naked ass.

Janet walked before Gwen, shaking her ass and exaggerating the swing of her hips.

"Keep that up, bitch," Gwen growled and I'll forget my manners."

"What is she doing now?" Julie wanted to know.

"Oh, just driving an older woman crazy with the way she walks."

Then they were in the bedroom. Julie was lounging naked on the bed. "Well, look at you," Gwen laughed, "The queen of Sheba."

"Oh, my whore is taking good care of me tonight," Julie said, all smiles.

"Aren't you?"

Janet lowered her eyes and said: "This whore is certainly trying to please her Mistress."

"Then you won't mind if I give you to Gwen for a bit; it'll please her."

"No, Mistress," Janet said, with some apprehension in her voice.

"Not a bit of it," Gwen said, "Tomorrow you go to the university and I'm not going to barge in on that, Jules."

Julie smiled: "You're such a pal, Gwennie." "Maybe I'll take a raincheck on lovely Ms. Tits and Ass here though."

"Good," Julie said, "I'll gladly give it." Janet just smiled.

Then Gwen continued: "So, you want a piercing."

"Yes," Julie said. "It's my gift to her." Then turning to Janet, she said: "Show her the nipple ring."

Janet removed the nipple ring from her right nipple and handed it to Gwen.

"That'll do very nicely," she said. "So let's do this."

Janet just looked at the two of them with a question on her face. Gwen told her to sit on the bed, while she opened a bag and got out all sorts of things. Janet looked over at Julie, who said: "Oh, Gwennie's a nurse practitioner. Now you come and sit by me and I'll hold your hand."

Janet did as she was told. The procedure took only a few seconds. Gwen used a local with Janet and it worked fine. She gave some instructions about caring for it and then bend over to kiss Julie before she left. Julie leaned up for the kiss. Gwen ran a hand down from Julie's cheek to her left nipple and then on down, letting her hand nestle between Julie's thighs.

"Wet, very wet," she said, "The whore's doing a good job."

Janet smiled at that. "Let me show you out," Janet said. "Thanks, Gwen, I owe you!"

"I'll take it out in trade some day," she replied. "You won't mind will you, sweet ass?" She asked.

Janet replied, "Of course not."

"You're the real thing," Gwen said, slapping Janet's ass three or four times as they walked out.

The two of them settled down in the bed, naked. They were facing each other with their heads on the pillows.

Julie spoke up first. "I don't want you going with Gwen if I'm not there. She can get savage; I've seen it."

Janet said a simply: "Yes, ma'am."

Julie continued. "I just don't want you hurt, love."

"Thank you," Janet then said with a smile "But it shouldn't be a problem with both of us going in different directions tomorrow.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 14 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 13 - Chapter 15 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 14
Posted: November 14, 2009 - 09:10:18 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Janet stirred. She looked at the clock and saw that it was 2:12 AM. She stretched a little and smiled. In the glow of outside lights she could see that Julie, naked, was lying with her back snuggled against her. Janet reached over and moved the sleeping woman just a tad, so that Julie was now on her stomach. Janet moved quietly and, pushing Julie's legs farther apart, nestled herself between Julie's legs. Then she reached down with her hands and pried Julie's ass cheeks apart. Lowering herself to her elbows, she put her tongue down at the beginning of Julie's ass crack, in the space between Julie's ass and her pussy.

Julie stirred just a bit. Janet licked upward touching the surface of both sides of Julie's ass cheeks with her tongue. Then she began to lick downward but this time she delved deeper with her tongue. When her tongue touched Julie's asshole, and began to probe, Julie slowly woke.

"Oh wow!" was the comment that Julie made.

Janet continued her probing, now beginning to force a bit of her tongue, the tip of her tongue into Julie's asshole.

"Ohhhhh," was Julie's next comment. Then Julie shifted her self around so that she was now facing Janet. They kissed briefly but deeply.

Janet said: "Good morning, Mistress."

Julie laughed in a low voice and said: "Good morning, slave."

There was merriment in her voice as she said it. Julie then crawled down so that her face was near Janet's knees. With another short movement, Julie had her face between Janet's thighs and her tongue in Janet's pussy. Janet held onto Julie's thighs and began to lick Julie's pussy also. For many minutes after that, the only sound was the wetness of their lapping at each other, and their occasional grunts and moans from the pleasure of it.

Sleep afterward was wonderful and deep. Julie left after they had breakfast. It was certainly a sad parting but they did make promises about being in touch via the computer. Janet also promised to send Julie word about the Florida house.

Then it was time for Janet and Noel's trip. Janet and Noel left fairly early. Very quickly the trip seemed to turn into a vacation all by itself. As they eased into the morning, they settled down into a comfortable familiarity with each other.

At one stretch of road, on an interstate in Arizona, they were about to pass a truck.

Noel from the passenger's seat said to Janet: "Hey slow down for a minute."

Janet did and glanced at Noel who was scribbling something on a piece of paper. She held it up to the trucker as they passed. The trucker honked his loud horn at her, as Janet settled the car back into the lane in front of the truck.

"What was that?" Janet wanted to know.

"Now slow down so that he can pass us," was Noel's comment.

She showed Janet the sign that said, "Want to see her tits?"

Janet squealed, when she saw the sign. Now Noel was rummaging in her purse, while the truck passed them. She produced a pair of scissors. She squealed again, when Noel took the pair of scissors and began to cut up the sleeve of her tee shirt. Noel soon had it cut all the way through the neck band. Then she turned the scissors the other way and began to cut down through the side of the shirt. Soon she had it cut all the way through. Then Noel reached over and began to cut through the sleeve of the other side of the tee shirt. Soon it was finished and Noel simply slipped the cut material off of Janet.

Janet hadn't worn a bra that morning. So, now she was naked from the waist up. "Okay," Noel said, "Pass him now."

Janet began to pull the Lincoln into the passing lane. The air was hitting her nipples and making them stand out.

"You're feeling pretty brave this morning," she said to Noel.

"Yes, I am aren't I," was Noel's answer.

"You'll pay for this, you know," Janet threatened.

"I'm counting on it."

Now Janet had pulled next to the truck. The trucker's horn rang out gain. Just to emphasize Noel took one of Janet's large tits in her hand and played with it, while they drove next to the truck. Janet pulled ahead again.

Then they made another pass but now Noel had made another sign.

"What now?" Janet said in mock exasperation.

Noel flashed the sign at the trucker and there was a double blast from the air horns now. Janet pulled in ahead of the truck and Noel showed her the sign.

It said: 'Two air horn blasts if you want to see her panties.' Noel had Janet squealing again now.

Turning to Janet, Noel said: "Now just drive carefully."

Once she'd said that she reached over and unbuttoned Janet's shorts at the waist. Then she began the process of tugging the shorts down. She worked them off, as the car continued it's ride in cruise control. She had Janet now driving the Lincoln SUV wearing only her pink, nylon panties. Janet obediently swung the car out to pass the truck. The driver was all smiles as they passed, and stayed in the lane with him for a moment. Then they began the process again.

The next sign said "Call me on the cell phone," and had Noel's cell phone number on it.

"What now?" Janet wanted to know.

"You'll see," was Noel's smiling reply.

Then Noel's cell phone rang. She answered it and was obviously talking to the truck driver.

She turned to Janet and said: "He thinks you're cute, and that it is really hot to see you driving along wearing only a pair of panties."

Janet certainly agreed with that. The heat she felt just from sitting there and driving almost naked was immense.

Then Noel said into the phone: "Sure, we will; my friend said that if you find a spot, we'll park next to you and, though we're in a hurry, she'll give you a blow job."

Janet squawked at that. Noel turned to Janet and said: "It's so lovely to hear you squeak and squawk, my love."

"You'll be the one squeaking and squawking, when I get your naked ass tonight," was Janet's smiling threat.

"My god, Noel, this is exciting; I mean driving wearing almost no clothing. You need to try it later. Oops, that truck is pulling into this lay-by. I guess I'd better get ready."

The truck parked and before Janet could do anything Noel was out of the car with her digital camera. She photographed Janet getting out of the car, showing one long naked leg. Then it was a photo of Janet getting herself out of the car showing all of her naked back and panty clad ass. Then it was of Janet standing up, showing her full form with her ass cheeks peeking out from the pink material. Then Janet, before she went to the truck, turned to Noel and smiled for the camera. She turned and posed for Noel now with her hands on her hips and her pussy hair visible through the nylon fabric of her panties.

"Are you done?" Janet demanded to know, again with a smile.

"With you?" Noel said, "Not hardly."

"Boy am I glad of that," returned Janet, now all smiles as she moved to the door of the truck.

Noel followed her with the camera. Janet climbed up and, noting the name on the driver's shirt, said: "Hi, John! I hear that my girlfriend has promised that I'll entertain you."

"Girlfriend?" said the driver. "Are you two lezzies?"

"Well, John," Janet said with a smile plastered on her face, "We are, among other things, lovers but what does that matter to you, since in a few seconds I'm going to have your cock in my mouth? What does it matter?"

John laughed then saying: "You are right about that; what does it matter. I do want to tell you that you're gorgeous, both of you."

"Thank you, John," Janet said, "Well, here I come; slide over so that your legs are pointed this way."

The seat moved and Janet went to John's side of the truck and straddling things, began to unzip John's pants. Noel was standing in the door way with the camera taking pictures of her sprawling girlfriend, of Janet's upraised ass. She was really turned on by what she could see. By now Janet had a short but thickish cock out of John's pants and in her hands.

"You're really going to do this?" John said, in a kind of wonder.

"Did you doubt?" Janet wanted to know.

"Well, I just wasn't sure; you know, two lovely women like you and I'm not winning any beauty prizes."

"But, John, what a nice cock you've got," Janet said, just before her head descended on the length of John's stiff prick.

"Ohhhhhhh shit!" John said, as Janet was able to take all of the cock in her mouth. John cold feel her nose against his pubic hair.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh shiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttt!" he groaned again now that Janet was beginning to lift her head off of the prick and then lower it again onto it so that it went all the way to the back of her throat. "Where did you learn that?" he rasped through clenched teeth.

"She practices," Noel said sweetly, still taking pictures of Janet sucking the cock.

As she said this, she left off taking pictures to put her hand on Janet's ass and let her fingers begin to play with Janet's pussy and asshole alternatingly. It spurred Janet on. Janet alternated between swirling her tongue around the crown, paying attention to the soft, sensitive underside, and simply swallowing the cock into her throat. She had John the driver trembling and groaning in a few minutes.

John struggled to tell her that he was about to cum. Janet mentioned to him, with the cock still in her mouth, that she was going to take it into her mouth and swallow it, since she didn't want her hair messed.

John just shook his head 'yes' to that idea. Then he was exploding and cumming into Janet's mouth, and Janet plunged her head down again and took the entire cock into her mouth to her throat. By the time she was finished and had a mouth full of cum, Janet was hot herself, from the scene itself and from Noel playing with her, as she sucked off the driver.

Janet cleaned the cum off of John's cock, and looking up, gave John a brilliant smile.

"Gotta go, John," she said, "Thanks for the opportunity."

John was fairly tongue tied and mumbled something about a schedule and needing to go himself. Whether from embarrassment or what, John left pretty quickly, pulling the big rig out of the lay-by. There was still no traffic.

Janet approached the car where Noel was standing with the camera and with jeans and a new tee shirt for Janet. Noel said nothing now but simply took Janet by the hand behind a stand of trees that was conveniently there. Janet stood to see what Noel was going to do. And the Noel was on her knees with her arms around Janet's waist and her lips trailing down across Janet's panty covered belly. She licked Janet's pussy through the nylon fabric and then turned her around to lick up and down the seat of the panties covering Janet's ass.

Noel briefly put her cheek against Janet's ass cheeks and sighed: "Janet, my love, darling of my life, that was so exciting to watch you suck off that man. Let me take a minute now and eat your pussy and lick your ass. Let me make you mine right here."

"Wonderful girl," Janet signed as Noel pulled her panties down and began the process of eating pussy and then taking time to lick Janet's ass right down to her asshole.

Janet heard a slight noise; Noel didn't because she was so busy eating out Janet. To Janet's surprise an older woman came over the crest of the hill directly behind them. She had two cameras around her neck. She smiled at Janet and immediately Janet was captured by the smile.

The woman now winked at Janet and Janet, realizing what she had in mind, just nodded her head. The woman began to take photos of the erotic scene before her: a lovely kneeling fully dressed blond who was eating the pussy of a statuesque brunette, who was standing naked with her pink panties around one ankle. It was a scene from a photographer's dream. At least from her dream.

The woman looked at Janet and motion for Janet to turn around now. Janet did so, maneuvering Noel so that the photos were now of Janet's ass and only dimly Noel's figure kneeling in front of her. Then the woman motioned again and by her motion told Janet to start to take off Noel's clothes too. Janet smiled and pulled Noel's arms from around her waist in order to raise the arms and take Noel's tee shirt off of her. Now Noel was naked from the waist up. Janet continued to obey the non-spoken orders of the woman photographer. She raised Noel to her feet and began kissing Noel, while unbuttoning her jeans and unfastening her belt at the same time.

It was then that Janet whispered into Noel's ear: "There's a woman here who's been taking photographs of us."

Noel stiffened, and Janet said to her: "No, no, relax; it is so sexy that we've been caught with you eating my pussy and me standing here naked with my panties around my ankle. Just continue to do what you've been doing."

Then Noel was stripped down to a pair of red bikini panties. And the picture taking continued. Noel kept busy at it until she had Janet shivering and cumming. Noel stayed put until she had all wetness and flow from Janet's pussy that she could before she licked her girlfriend clean and sat back on her heels. Both of them turned to the photographer and smiled.

The older woman advanced to where they were and, holding out her hand, said: "Hi, I'm Mattie."

Janet introduced herself and Noel.

"That was fantastic," Mattie said, "I mean an absolute photographer's dream. You gals passing through?"

Janet looked severely at Noel and said: "Tell Mattie why we're here."

Noel giggled then and told the story of the truck driver and her gradual stripping of Janet and offering her as a cock sucker.

Mattie laughed at that and said: "You two are really on a holiday; but hey, it's getting on in the afternoon. You were nice enough to pose for me, even if unwittingly at first, can I invite you to spend the night with me. I live near here."

Janet looked at Noel and shook her head, saying: "We'd love to. Maybe later you can help discipline this one for her trick with the truck driver."

Noel giggled again. "That might be a pleasure."

Then it seemed as though Mattie got an idea and said to the two women: "Hey, there's another thing that I'd like to do, if you don't mind. It's kind of an erotic scene in the country here with the two of you. Do you mind?"

Janet answered for both of them, when she said that 'no' they didn't mind. She certainly liked this Mattie. Mattie directed them to take off their panties too and stand together in an embrace. When they were in that position, Mattie produced a roll of tape, like duct tape, from a bag and taped their wrists together with their arms in the air.

"There," Mattie said, once she had them taped together at the wrists. Then she continued: "Now I'm going to pay the woman who's brought you out here for discipline. I'm going to use a belt but not very hard. Is that okay?"

Both Janet and Noel responded that it was. They watched with eager eyes as Mattie too shed her clothing now. She was certainly middle aged but curvy. She had rather large tits and prominent nipples. She was wearing a pair of hip hugger white, nylon panties. She got the belt and, after setting up the camera to take the photos and asking if the girls was ready, swung the belt at the two naked, bound ladies. The effect was galvanic for both Janet and Noel. The pain was minimal but the erotic effect was instantaneous. As the blows landed, Janet and Noel were kissing and flinching with each blow. Mattie kept moving them around to get a different camera angle.

Finally, Mattie dropped the belt and turned off the camera turning the two of them free. Janet moved into the older woman's arms for a kiss with the submissive Noel kneeling now between them.

Janet moved away and picked up Noel's camera to take photos of Noel servicing Mattie. Then she moved into the group again. Noel continued to kneel; she turned her attention mainly to eating Mattie, while rubbing Janet's naked ass with her other hand.

In very little time, Noel had Mattie cumming from eating her and Janet cumming from the manipulation of her fingers. In the end all three of them collapsed together in a large hug.

It didn't take them long to reach Mattie's house, a large sprawling adobe place. When they went into the lovely place, Mattie showed them around a bit. They ended up in a large outdoor spa, the three of them naked and enjoying themselves.

Mattie called out "Jorge," while they were there, and a lovely young Mexican house boy came and went to fetch the each a glass of white wine. He wore a pair of thin linen trousers. Mattie grinned as the other two stared at Jorge.

As they sipped their drinks, Mattie said to Jorge: "Come here, sweet one."

Jorge obeyed at once and stepped into the large spa in the middle of the three naked women. The linen, now wet, did nothing to hide Jorge's stiffening cock. Mattie simply lowered the linen trousers by pulling the string that held them up.

Then the older woman leaded forward and began to suck on Jorge's cock. Janet came across the spa then and got behind Jorge, forcing his ass cheeks apart and began to lick his asshole and rim around his ass. Noel moved in behind her and commenced to kiss and bite the back of Janet's neck.

Then Mattie signaled for Noel to join her, sitting next to her. Their lips met over the meatiness of Jorge's cock. All the while Janet cradled his balls and licked his ass.

They all became animated, as Jorge began to buck and force his cock harder between Mattie and Noel's mouths. Janet ckupped his balls in her hand, stroking them lightly, as he came all over Mattie and Noel's faces. Jorge smiled as he leaned down to bestow a kiss on Mattie, and then he climbed out of the hot tub. Leaving the three ladies.

Mattie smiled at the two of them: "Well, why don't we all tumble together in one big bed tonight? It is certainly big enough for the three of us."

Janet and Noel agreed with this. That certainly proved to be the case. The bed was huge and the three of them lounged in the bed naked and simply rolled around with each other. After just a little bit, Mattie left and, when she returned she had Jorge with her.

Then the activity changed a bit. Mattie took Noel and, using a strap on, fucked Noel. And Jorge played with Janet, and fucked her. They had a long night, and the four of them slept late. Once during the night Janet awoke and mounted Jorge again. This woke Mattie who moved over and straddled Jorge's face, while Janet sat on his cock. They kissed, as they faced one another.

The girls stayed with Mattie for two days before setting out again on their trip to Florida. They got excited as they got closer to the small coastal town in Florida where the house was, the beach house.

Janet especially didn't know what to expect. They stopped at the realty office, where the key was kept and got directions to the beach house, as well as a map of the property. As they drove into the property, through a kind of a gate, there was a house, a lovely white Florida house off to the right.

"Oh, it's so cute," Noel said with a smile.

"Oh dear," Janet put in, looking at the map. "It's so big and this says, the map says that it's the maintenance man's house or a guest house, I guess."

The house itself was much more than Janet had ever imagined or hoped for. There was a lane of palms and trees that led to the house. It was large, four bedrooms, one being a master suite with a connected bathroom containing a jacuzzi tub, separate shower and wc room. There were skylights, a caged pool and the entire front of the house was glass looking out over a front lawn leading to the beach. The setting and the appointments were scrumptious.

They looked around, 'oohing' and 'ahhing'. When they came to the glass front of the house, Janet simply stood and cried.

Noel enfolded her into her ams and just let Janet wail.

She sobbed: "This is so wonderful. I loved Uncle Cal but he was always so busy. We almost never got to see one another. And now this."

It took her a little time to calm down. But then it was time to be practical.

Noel said: "Come on, girlfriend, we need to go to the store. And we need to look around to make sure that we have all the appliances that we need."

They did a survey and found that it was indeed well equipped. The notes that they had from the realty company indicated that there was a cleaning service and a grounds keeping service. Those bills would be taken care of by the estate, as Uncle Cal's lawyer had indicated to Janet.

They walked the place one more time, just to take it all in. "It's way beyond lovely," Janet said, looking out the large wall of windows of the master suite.

Then she turned to Noel with a twinkle in her eye and said: "This is going to be our room."

Noel was all smiles as she said: "Lovely."

"Okay," Janet then said, "Let's shop."

Their first stop was lunch at a small place down the key. Over a lunch of fish chowder and shrimp they began to wonder exactly where to shop. They were interested in a local bathing suit shop but didn't know the local area at all.

Their conversation was interrupted by a bright but quite low, kind of sexy voice saying: 'Hey, you two; how are you settling in?"

They looked up at the smiling face of Elena from the realty office. She was a slightly older, late 30ish or early 40ish, smashing red head. They both smiled and asked her to join them. Elena sat and they chatted a bit.

Then over key lime pie they asked her about a bathing suit shop. "Ah," she exclaimed with some enthusiasm, "I know just the place for you. Follow me and we'll do some shopping together. We need you two to have something properly sexy."

They followed her to a little strip mall past the bridge with the mainland. It was large enough to have an indoor corridor. The store was called Tonto's. The proprietor seemed to be a good friend of Elena's. The two girls started by looking over the bikinis and each selected one that they liked. They tried on their suits in the changing rooms.

There, with giggles and laughter, they called to each other and then ran into each other's changing room to model their bikinis for each other. Elena came into the changing rooms then just as they had taken their chosen bikinis off.

Each of the two of them were naked, as Elena entered; she was carrying bathing suits her hand. She stopped, after she came in, and just looked.

First she went to Noel. She gave Noel a one piece yellow, stretch nylon bathing suit to try on. Then she went into the room with Janet. Janet instinctively covered herself up with her arms and the bikini in her hands.

"Stop that," Elena demanded.

Her order had an immediate effect on Janet. It was all the old stuff, the old ways again. A forceful woman was giving her orders and she would, she must obey. She dropped her hands then. The effect was to put herself on display for the older woman. She blushed.

Janet discovered that she like the feeling that doing what Elena said gave her. She knew that Noel would like it also, if she got a chance. She waited for what Elena would tell them next.

"Fine," she said, "Better; we're going to be good friends; aren't we?"

Janet said a clear "Yes, ma'am" in answer to Elena's question.

"Here," she continued, "I have this suit for you to try on. It's dazzling! I can hardly wait for you to try them on."

She handed Janet a one piece white stretch suit. Janet took the suit and looked at Elena before putting it on.

"Stop a minute," Elena said. "Now put your hands up over your head."

Janet did as she was told.

"Lovely," was Elena's comment. "You know how to follow orders, I see."

"Yes, ma'am," was Janet's reply.

"For being so thoughtless and covering yourself up, I'm going to take your panties with me," she said decisively. "Give them to me."

Janet went to the bench and took her bikini panties and handed them to Elena. Elena put them to her nose and sniffed. "You smell so nice, girl," she said.

"Thank you, ma'am," Janet said. She was being drawn deeper and deeper into what this woman was doing.

"Now I don't want you to make a sound; do you understand me?" was Elena's next instruction.

"Yes, I do understand, ma'am," Janet said. Elena smiled and offered Janet her own panties as a gag. Janet opened her mouth and accepted them. They filled her mouth. "That's it, now hands above your head again." was the next order from Elena.

When Janet had complied, Elena grasped Janet's nipples and pinched them as hard as she could. Janet's groans were all kept within by the panties in her mouth. Elena twisted her nipples and pulled on them. It had been a while and Janet was afraid that she was going to cum right there from the treatment.

"Oh," Elena cooed, "You really like this, don't you? You're a slut, girl."

Janet shook her head 'yes' in answer to that.

"Oh, how nice; we'll have to remember that," was Elena's comment. "Now try on that suit. She went to see how Noel looked in her version of the suit, and came back exclaiming how gorgeous Noel looked. Janet was dressed in the white suit by then. Elena's only comment was "Outstanding" She instructed both of the women to buy the one piece suits as well as the bikinis. They did.

They were leaving the small mall where they'd bought the bathing suits. Elena excused herself saying that she had a client to see. They were almost at the exit door.

Suddenly someone called Janet's name. Both Janet and Noel stopped and turned. They saw a group of three boys; they were probably about 14 or 15. They had broad smirks on their face.

Janet looked at this with jut a little apprehension and said: "Did you call me?"

One of the boys said with glee: "Elena said that you forgot these and we were to give them to you." Saying that, he held out in his hands Janet's panties.

They guys were smirking with grins from ear to ear. Janet smiled at them and said: "Well, it seems that I did leave my panties behind."

The guys grinned even wider and Janet held out her hand for the panties. She took the panties from one of the grinning kids and said a very polite 'thank you.' She also noticed that Noel was smirking now too.

The two women moved as if to walk away but one of the kids, still standing there spoke up to them: "Hey, lady," Janet turned and said "Yes?"

"Well, lady, Elena said that if we brought you back your panties that you'd give us a to treat."

"Treat?" Janet said, "What kind of treat?"

Now the three kids were smirking again and poking each other in the ribs. The spokesman got his courage up and said to Janet: "Well, lady, Elena said that you'd show us your bare ass."

The three of them dissolved into giggles at that point. So did Noel. Janet looked at them with a mock serious look on her face. She knew that sooner or later she'd have to justify herself to Elena about this.

"I see," she said to them. "Well, walk over her by where our car is for a moment."

The kids were wide eyed at that point with the thought that this might actually be true. That this sexy lady would actually show them her ass.

They got to the car and Janet said to them: "I really appreciate the fact that you boys brought my panties back to me; it's stupid of me to have forgotten them."

Having said that, she moved her hands, much to their astonishment, and hiked her skirt up to her waist, and began the process of putting her panties on. She kept the skirt at her waist and turned around as she fitted the snug panties around the generous cheeks of her ass. The boys were simply staring, saying nothing at all.

"Shit!" one of them said, breaking the silence, "Look at that! Her ass and pussy! Look at that." Janet smiled, as she and Noel got into the car and left. The boys were still standing there watching them go.

Then they did their grocery shopping. They had the best time imaginable doing it. The goodies were put away and they had a light dinner, allowing themselves the luxury of looking out over the Gulf as they ate. Once they cleaned up the sun was setting. They dimmed the lights in the big front room with the glass front, so that they could watch the sunset.

Janet went briefly to the master suite, which was situated across the house from the other bedrooms. It was there as she had thought. There was a small corridor leading out from the master suite. She walked that way; they'd missed this on their previous perusal of the home. When she saw what it was, she hurried back to the great room, where Noel was still lounging and taking it all in.

"Oh," Janet burst out,"Come and see what I have found up by the master suite."

The went together and found that the corridor led to a small screened room that had a panoramic view of the beach and the gulf. They both fell in love with the room.

Janet said to Noel then: "Hey, I'm going to go for a bottle of wine; we'll celebrate, while watching the Gulf from up here."

When she returned, Janet surprised Noel by wearing only a pair of beige bikini panties. They hid nothing at all. Janet had the wine and two glasses for them.

"Wow!" Noel said with enthusiasm, "Look at you."

Janet gave Noel a sharp look and said: "Okay, girlfriend, there's a breeze, we can see the beach and the Gulf; it's a panties only night for us up here. At least to begin. She giggled, when she said it."

Noel was quick to comply, and soon was dressed only in her own pink bikini panties.

The screen room was quite big. There was a dining table there and on the other side various chairs and loungers, including a double lounger that the two women used with the back propped up to see and be able to sip their wine.

Noel broke the silence: "It's way beyond lovely, Janet; just way beyond lovely." Then she was quiet for a bit.

Janet softly replied: "Yes, it is; and I can't think of anyone that I'd rather share it with."

Noel turned to her and there were tears in her eyes and her voice as she said to Janet: "I just want to thank you for asking me to come on this trip with you. It's so lovely, your home."

Janet looked at her sharply and answered: "My home? What do you mean? This isn't a trip; this is our life. It's our home. You're not leaving me are you? I mean ... why not stay? Why not at least stay for a year or so. See how it goes; see how we like it!"
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 13 - Chapter 15 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 14
Posted: November 14, 2009 - 09:10:18 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

She was silent for a moment and then said: "Oh, I know, Noel, my sweet one, that it means all sorts of arrangements but why not try it with me? Why not?"

Noel was sniffing, when she answered: "Do you really mean it?" she asked.

"Of course, I mean it," Janet insisted. "I can't think of anyone that I'd rather be gang fucked with." This set both of them to giggling again.

It was now dark. Noel got up and asked Janet to stand up. She positioned Janet at the edge of the front screen. She knelt behind Janet and slowly, with her fingers rubbing all the way, she pulled Janet's panties down and off. Then she sang softly and cooed as she rubbed her face and her hands over Janet's naked ass.

"Can I do this?" she asked Janet quietly. "Will you let me do this again? Will you, my mistress, my love?"

"Do whatever you want," was Janet's breathless reply.

And then as Janet watched the dim shapes of the Gulf and the beach, Noel pried her ass cheeks apart and gave herself the opportunity of rimming and biting Janet's ass cheeks. She pull the cheeks apart far enough that she was able to insert her mouth and her lips into the area of Janet's ass and actually kiss Janet's asshole. Noel used the asshole as though she were kissing Janet's lips. She used her lips and her tongue, licking and tickling and ramming it into Janet, who was groaning loud enough to add her own music to the whispering of the surf. Noel reached around and had her fingers entwined in Janet's pussy, as she continued to lick her ass and her asshole. Janet was building to a wonderful climax. Noel held her firmly, as Janet shook with the force of her cumming.

Then Janet turned around and Noel put her cheek against Janet's naked belly. "I'm trying to give you this message," she said, "In a way that you can't possibly misunderstand."

"I know that, girlfriend." She replied, and simple smiled.

Then Janet pulled Noel to her feet and kissed her, licking her face and lips as she did.

"You're gooey," Janet laughed. "I'm also the only one dressed!"

Noel said. "Dressed," Janet said in a mock rage, "You call just these thin panties dressed." Saying that she forced the panties from her and the two of them collapsed together on the lounge again.

They both agreed at that point that there were things that they needed to talk about, make arrangements for. Noel would have to go back for her car and the rest of her clothes. Noel also talked about having Robin come to visit from where she was near her school.

Janet laughed then about what Robin might do to the two of them, when she got there. Janet also spoke of her hope that Julie would be able to visit soon, maybe even with her mom.

They shopped the next day. They wanted bright colored bath sheets, hand towels and face cloths for the bathrooms. The bathrooms were equipped with towels but they were all white to match the white tile bathrooms. Janet and Noel bought bright colors: purples, forest greens, reds. They were meant to set a splash of color in the midst of all the whiteness.

Janet also set up her computer in the office that was off of the living room. It already had a cable for the computer and networking equipment, so that computers could be set up in the rest of the house. Janet thought that she'd have a technician come to make sure that the networks were working correctly. She determined to shop for a major computer for this office and a lap top to use in the rest of the house. She was pleased at the possibility of going to look for them.

Later in the evening Noel went to take a shower. Janet had already showered, after a plunge in the Gulf of Mexico. She went to the office and opened her chat program.

The note flashed on the screen that Julie was on line and was requesting a video chat with her. Janet accepted the chat and Julie's face appeared on her screen. "Ohhhh, it's really you," Janet almost exploded.

Julie grinned at her saying: "Hi, puss."

Janet's eyes were bright with her joy. "I miss you, Mistress," she said.

"I miss you too, puss," Julie returned.

"Well," Julie continued, "How is it?"

Janet smiled, "Way, way beyond wonderful! More than I could have dreamed up in a pile of fantasies. I can't wait for you to see it and come to stay here for a bit."

"Hmmm, sounds luscious," Julie smiled, "Kind of like you, pussy!"

Janet blushed. Julie continued: "What are you wearing? Stand up; show yourself."

Janet blushed again but she stood up. She was wearing sweat pants and a tee shirt.

"I apologize," Janet said, "I should have gotten specially dressed for you."

Julie laughed, "It's okay; you're special for me no matter what you're wearing."

"Thank you," Janet said, "I kiss your hand."

"Mmmm, that's nice." Julie replied. Then she continued: "No action around here; it's strange that I've returned to my athletic celibate ways now. Especially strange after enjoying you in so many, many ways."

"I'm sorry that we can't do that now! But what, if I may ask, about the two guys?"

"Oh, they've gone to school elsewhere; too bad too. But anything else new? I'll wait to get the royal tour until I can visit."

"Yes," Janet enthused, "We bought dynamite bathing suits; can I show you?"

"Lovely," was Julie's reply.

Janet got up to go but Julie stopped her. "Wait, call Noel and tell her to bring the suit and hers also."

Janet did that.

Julie continued: "I want you to change right here in front of me."

"Ohhhhh," Janet sighed, "You're turning me on."

"Good," Julie said, "I mean to. Now if you're going to put on the bathing suit, you don't need those clothes."

Janet obediently got up and pulled the tee shirt from her, over her head. She wore no bra, and it let her tits swing free.

"Yummy," Julie said.

Then it was the sweat pants that were taken off. It left Janet standing there, as if for inspection, wearing only a pair of pearl white bikini panties that did nothing to hide her pubic hair or her ass.

"Turn," Julie said, "Display yourself."

It was then that Noel entered the room. She was naked from her shower. She smiled and knelt to greet Julie. This made Julie grin.

"Okay, girls, let's see those bathing suits."

They both put on their new one piece suits. Janet was resplendent in the white one and Noel just as sexy in the yellow one.

"Fuck me, look at you two! Sirens to the core," Julie laughed. "Parade around a bit; let me see some pussy, tits and ass."

They both did as they were told. Janet was getting wet from doing it, and assumed that Noel was also.

"Okay, pets," Julie continued, "I don't have much more time before lights out here; off with the suits and, Janet, spread your legs wide; Noel, get down there and let me watch you eat her."

They did as they were told. They could see Julie playing with herself now, as Janet began to hump Noel's face, moaning as she did. Janet came with a kind of a shouting moan. Julie came also.

Julie laughed, "Lovely," she said. "Noel, you get yours from Janet, when we finish the connection. Julie stood up and stripped off her clothes in front of her monitor. Janet and Noel gave rapt attention. Before she signed off she sent a kiss, and said:

"Janet, sweet puss, I love you. Take care of her, Noel." They signed off.

It was only a few days later in the evening. Janet had taken an evening swim and was expecting Noel to join her. Instead, she finished her swim and, when she'd dried off, went in to find Noel sitting in the living room, which looked out over the Gulf; she was crying.

Janet hurried to her with obvious concern.

"Oh, girlfriend," Janet cooed, taking Noel in her arms.

Noel put her head on Janet's shoulder and said: "Ohhhh, Janet, it's Sean."

Janet said then to her: "Your ex, you mean?"

"Yes, yes, my ex," Noel continued. "He called my on my cell, and, well, he, he ... oh hell," she was still weeping and having trouble talking. But she struggled on: "He wants ... he has asked me for a reconciliation. Ohhhhhhhhh," she wailed, "What the hell should I do?"

Janet cuddled her and rocked her a little bit. "Oh, sweetie," she said into the top of Noel's head, "Is it really bad news for you?"

"Noooooo," Noel cried, "It's just so unexpected and, you and I are ... we're ... you and I are getting so ... Ohhhhhh, I just don't know."

"Oh, honey," Janet said, now rocking Noel. "What do you really want to do, in your heart? Do you know?"

Without much hesitation, Noel said: "I really think that I'd like to try."

"Then why don't you?" Janet asked.

"You mean that you won't be mad?" she asked in an almost little girl voice.

"Me? Of course not, I want whatever makes you happy, love."

"Ohh," Noel now continued, "You are such a love; I just don't deserve you being so nice."

"You deserve all the happiness that you can possible get," Janet answered then.

They talked about it into the night. They decided that it was an opportunity that Noel shouldn't pass up. Noel had to fly back to the city to pick up her car and effects in any event. She would just take some time and meet with Sean to see what they could decide on.

In the morning, Noel called Robin and she spoke to her about it. Robin seemed to be reasonably pleased by the possibility.

Rather than put it off at all, Noel got her things together and Janet drove her to Bradenton airport. It didn't take Janet too long to return to the house once Noel had left. Once there and in the house, she wandered around aimlessly and finally sat watching the panorama of the Gulf and cried.

Finally, Janet decided that she'd adopt a kind of Julie solution and go out for a run. She put on a pair of white stretch lycra pants over a pair of beige bikini panties. She didn't care that her panties showed.

As a matter of fact she had this sense within that made her kind of hope that someone would notice and take advantage of her. She put a tee shirt on over her naked tits, and was going to put on her running shoes, when the she heard someone coming up the drive. She went to the front door and found Elena the realtor waiting there.

Janet opened the door and Elena kin of burst into the house.

"Hey, girl!" Elena said.

"Hey, yourself." Janet said in return.

"You look yummy," Elena said, letting her eyes wander over Janet's body. "Turn for us; show," was Elena's next comment.

Janet turned to display herself. This was exactly what she was thinking of that would take her mind off of Noel's leaving.

"Slowly, slowly, sexpot!" Elena said.

Janet slowed her turning. She liked being on display. "I was just going to run," Janet explained nervously.

"Oh, no," Elena said, "When you look this edible, this yummy, you're going to lunch with me. It'll be so lovely. I could walk into the restaurant naked and no one would look at me. I'll enjoy this."

Janet knew that she was pleased about the invitation but still looked a bit somber.

Elena picked up on that: "What's the matter, pet? You look so down."

"Oh," Janet began, "It's just that my friend, you know, Noel the blonde, she ... uh went back to the city to try a reconciliation with her husband."

"Ohhhhhhhhh, dear," cooed Elena, and she did exactly the correct thing. She moved forward and enfolded Janet in her arms. Janet went to Elena and began to sob against her shoulder.

"Friend, lover, girlfriend?" Elena asked in a quiet voice.

"Oh, I don't really know," Janet offered between her moments of sobbing, "More like a girlfriend. But, you know, I could never stand in the way of this possibility for her."

Elena stroked her hair, "You're such a good woman, Janet."

Janet whispered a 'thank you, ' into Elena's hair. "Tell you what we're going to do," Elena said, now looking into Janet's face. "We're going to go out and show the world how sexy you are; then we'll do something really dirty. How does that sound?"

Janet was now smiling at the plan that Elena laid in front of her.

"Yummy," Janet replied. Elena then leaned back and stroked her hand down the side of Janet's face.

"All you have to do it obey me; can you do that?" "Yes, ma'am," Janet replied quietly. And she meant it.

They went down the key to a small restaurant for a good sea food lunch.

When they got out of the car, Elena said gaily to Janet: "Okay, pet, let's show you off to the locals. I'll introduce you to people here."

"Thank you, ma'am," Janet said, "For taking this kind of trouble."

Elena stroked the side of Janet's face and said quietly: "Oh, that's fine, sweet, I'll make sure that you pay for it after lunch."

Janet blushed but smiled too. They went into the restaurant and were greeted by the owner who seemed to know Elena well. His eyes went immediately to Janet. A waiter came to take them to a table and Janet realized that many eyes in the restaurant were taking in both her and the fact that she was with Elena.

"Who is that?" the owner whispered to Elena. "She's gorgeous; what a body."

"Nice, eh?" Elena said with a smile and whispered: "It's Cal Reynolds' niece and heir. She's living on the key now."

"Wow!" he said, "I'll come over in a few to be introduced."

Elena grinned as she nodded and followed Janet. When they sat down, Elena said to Janet, "Well, love there's nothing like sweeping the room as you enter. You are certainly a hit."

Janet blushed. "Oh," Elena exclaimed, "She blushes too; how charming." Janet blushed again. "Okay," Elena said: "I'll take it easy on you. The owner wants to meet you."

Janet glanced at him and he smiled at her, as he advanced. Elena introduced them, and he welcomed her to the key. They had small talk for just a bit and he went back, after saying that he hoped he'd see her often in the restaurant.

Others now came over too and were introduced. Elena then said to Janet in a low voice: "Don't worry about remembering them; I'll make sure that you know their names."

"Thank you, ma'am," Janet said.

"Oh, I love the way you're so polite." Then Elena smiled and said: "But you know I was right before, when I said that I could come in her naked today with you dressed as you are and no one would notice me at all. I have half a mind to make you go to the ladies and take your panties and bring them to me. But we have to live here; so, we'll do that some place else."

Elena looked at Janet who smiled at her back. "You'd do that for me, if I told you too, wouldn't you?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, "It's, I don't know, kind of my thing to do what I'm told."

"Oh, delicious," Elena said as their food came. She then continued, when the waiter had left: "I'll want you to tell me everything very soon."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said with another smile.

As they were getting up to go, Elena said to Janet: "Now just for effect. Love, swing your hips and ass broadly as we leave."

Janet asked about paying but Elena told her that, since she'd make Janet do dirty things for the afternoon, she'd treat lunch this time. As they walked out, Janet did as she was told. It was really pleasing to Elena to watch Janet swish her ass and hips back and forth, all the while knowing that she did it because she was told to.

When they got into the car, Elena told Janet that they were going to ride for about a half hour or so. They travelled making small talk until they reached the parking area for a beach. Elena drove through the first parking area to a back lot.

There Janet noticed a teenager, probably 15 or 16; he was wearing a speedo, a very brief one and had a towel. He leaned against a car. Elena pulled up next him and rolled down her window.

"Hi," she said brightly. His 'hi' was a little more guarded.

"Busy?" she inquired. "No," he answered now pleasantly, "the two of you?"

"No," Elena said, "Just her; I watch."

"That's cool," he said, and got into the car.

Janet was wide eyed at it and began to get excited. The kid, his name was Craig, got into the back seat. Janet looked at Elena with a questioning look on her face. Elena told Janet to join Criag in the back seat. Janet went.

When Janet slid into the back seat, Craig watched her closely. Janet was also watching Craig. He was someone just out of one of her fantasies. He was young; young enough to be a student of hers. She knew that she was going to be told to do dirty things with Craig and it made her breath come in short spurts.

Glancing at the kid in the back of the car with her, she noticed a significant bulge in his speedos. It started to make her wet. Elena took them to a house in a kind of suburban area. She pulled into the garage, leaving enough room on all sides for them to comfortably get out. Elena got out of the car and motioned for Craig to get out and for Janet to stay where she was. Janet waited until she was told to get out. Elena and Craig were waiting now together for Janet to get out.

Elena said to him: "I just want you to watch her get out and walk to the door to the kitchen."

Then Elena motioned for Janet to get out, and told her to walk to the door on the far corner of the garage. Janet did as she was told.

Elena leaned down to Craig and said: "See what I mean?"

"Shit," he said, "She's built like a brick shit house."

"She certainly is," was Elena's smiling reply. Then she turned to the teen and said: "You want to play with her?"

"Sure do!" he said with enthusiasm.

"Well," she continued, "Let's go then." The three of them went into the house.

Elena led them to the living room area. She invited Craig to sit on a stuffed chair. Then to Janet she said: "Janet walk around the room now for a bit."

Janet did as she was told. As she was walking around, she was really turned on by the situation. Her tits were pressing against the thin material of the tee shirt and her nipples were poking out against it. She looked as hot as she felt.

"Oh, shit," Craig said, "Look at her."

Then Elena spoke to Janet. "Okay, honey, I want you to continue to walk around for us; display yourself but first go back to the kitchen and leave your tee shirt there and come back."

Janet did as she was told. She could feel her panties getting wet between her legs. Craig just sighed as Janet swept back into the room now; her ass cheeks were swinging back and forth, and her tits, nipples erect, were bouncing. She was an inviting sight.

"Go over to Craig, honey," Elena said, "Stand in front of him so that he can get a good look at your ass and feel it a bit."

Janet went and stood with her back to Craig as she smiled broadly at Elena, who winked at her. She could feel Criag's hands moving up and down her ass cheeks, kneading and pulling at them.

"Now, sweets," Elena continued, "Back into the kitchen and this time come out wearing just your panties and heels."

She did as she was told again and re-emerged looking like Craig's wet dreams come true. She continued to sashay around the room and put her ass into a broad motion for both Elena and Craig.

Elena turned to Craig then and said: "What do you think, Craig, shall we spank her before she gives you a blow job?"

"Can we?" was Craig's enthusiastic answer.

Elena told Janet to stand still in the middle of the room. She went out of the living room for a moment and came back with some duct tape. "Hands behind your back, bitch!"She said almost cruelly.

Janet complied but it was obvious that she might even cry.

"Don't you dare!" Elena almost shouted at Janet, and Janet controlled herself.

First her hands were bound with the duct tape behind her back, then Elena told Craig to take off his speedos. He removed them and a pretty good sized cock sprung up in a stiff erection.

"Kneel and kiss it," Elena said now to Janet.

Janet did as she was told, getting down on her knees and kissing the tip of Craig's cock.

She leaned forward then to take more of it in her mouth but Elena grabbed her by the hair and pulled her back saying, "No you don't; not until we tell you to."

Elena then told Craig to take Janet and put her over the arm of the couch. The teen got up, and grabbed Janet by the arm, propelling her to and over the arm of the couch. Her ass was up in the air and defenseless.

"First, panties off and then spank her ass!" Elena said. "Spank her until she blubbers and begs to be used by you as the dirty slut she is."

Craig's splats to Janet's ass began and continued vigorously. Janet sighed at first but then graduated to moaning and finally she was crying out with each slap. Craig punctuated his slaps to her ass with dirty comments, saying things like 'take that, you dirty whore, ' 'do you like that, you dirty cunt?' Janet kind of squeaked out an answer: "Yes, sir; yes, Craig; yes, ma'am, yes, Elena, I like that treatment."

Elena suddenly spoke up: "Tell him what you do for a living, love," she was all smiles as she said it.

Janet struggled to not cry but finally blurted out that she was a high school science teacher.

"Really!" Craig said with some amazement.

Then Craig's spanking got harder and more vigorous then. Finally, Janet was indeed blubbering and begging to have Craig's cock in her mouth. She was promising to be good and do what she was told. Craig stopped and, grabbing Janet by the shoulder, now pushed her to her knees. He had her in front of him and she reached out with her mouth for his cock. He got a gleam in his eye and backed up just a bit, so that she couldn't reach him.

"Oh, please," Janet said in a whiney voice, "Please, please, please; let me have it please." She reached out again and Craig moved a few steps back.

"Ohhhhhhhh,"Janet now wailed, "I want it and you won't let me have it."

She began to cry in earnest now, and just went to blubbering the words: "Want it, want it, want it."

Craig stepped up then, grabbed the older woman by the hair, and pushed his hard cock in her open mouth. Elena was entranced as she watched Janet give the boy a sloppy blow job. Janet caught the cock skin with her lips, as he pistoned in and out of her mouth, as he used her.

She was gurgling and slobbering down onto her tits, as his cock reached the back of her throat, almost causing her to retch before she controlled it.

"Don't you dare get sick," Elena shrieked, "Or you'll lick it up."

It didn't take long for Craig to deposit his cum into Janet's mouth, on her face and tits. He even got some in her hair. She leaned in to clean the kid up. Craig stayed hard.

"On your hands and knees," Elena ordered then.

Janet sunk to her hands and knees and Elena told Craig to turn around and spread the cheeks of his ass. He did as she said with a grin on his face. Elena went to them and grabbed Janet's head by her hair; then she pushed Janet's face into Craig's ass.

"Open your mouth, slut!" She ordered. "Use your lips and your tongue; lick his asshole. Do it."

Janet reached into the cleft of Craig's ass and began by licking and then gradually went on to pushing her tongue into his asshole for real. Craig was writhing from the treatment.

Finally Elena said: "Fuck her now."

Craig moved into position and did as he was invited. Now he had Janet cumming and making loud noises as she came. He slammed into her, as he fucked her. He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head back toward him cruelly.

"Like it, teach?" he demanded to know.

"Yes, ohhhh, yes," was all that Janet could mention.

She was lost in her zone, in her fantasy zone and was simply turned on by being completely taken over. All the while Elena had her hand under her skirt playing with her own pussy. When he was finished a second time, Janet moved to clean his cock off with her mouth a second time. This time without being told.

When the fucking was finished, Elena stood up and said abruptly: "Let's go, Craig, we appreciate it but we have some things to do."

She herded them into the garage. She allowed Janet to put on her lycra pants, panties and tee shirt. They took Craig back to the parking lot. He disappeared rather quickly with only a quick boyish 'goodbye' wave.

When he was gone, Elena drove to the upper parking lot and stopped. She looked and Janet and Janet returned the stare. Then the two of them broke into laughter at exactly the same time. The laughed hard enough that they ended holding each other and had tears streaming down their face.

"It's like an encounter with innocence going bad!" Elena said.

"I loved it," was Janet's reply, "Especially the names that he called me."

When the laughter subsided, Janet then said to Elena that she'd like to go home to clean up. She also invited Elena, if she had time, to come with her for a cup of tea. Elena said that she had some time. They spent part of the afternoon together. Janet go the chance to tell her story to Elena, who was agog at the kind of direction that Janet's life had taken. It all made Janet feel somewhat better.

"You know," Elena said, when Janet had finished, "I don't do girls but you certainly tempt me."

Janet smiled: "Well, a girl does what she can."

They both laughed at that. Janet then asked Elena if she'd come back for dinner soon. Elena was all smiles as she said that she would like that.

Janet followed that by saying, with a sly grin, "Bring your jammies, when you do."

"Oh, I would," Elena retorted but I don't wear them."

"Oh, wonderful, I don't either." was Janet's grinning reply.

Before she left, Elena told Janet that a good friend of hers, a school administrator, was looking for a fill in science teacher for a make up summer class for some kids, mostly athletes, in a nearby town. Janet thought about it and said that 'yes' she'd do that. She had the time. Elena thanked her and told her that she'd have the administrator call her.

Janet cleaned up and made some dinner for herself. She was kind of at loose ends and finally realized it was because she wanted to speak with Julie so badly.

She thought about it and went to the bedroom and took out an ankle length soft beige, silky nightgown. It had spaghetti straps and clung enough that Janet's nipples and her pussy bush poked out clearly. Finally, the time was late enough for Janet to try a chat connection with Julie.

She was both relieved and, she realized, somewhat overcome by the fact that Julie was there and available.

"Hey, puss," Julie said a bit brightly and a bit as though she were tired.

Just the sight of her and the sound of her voice finally did Janet in. She lost it completely. She simply put her head in her hands and cried.

"Hey, hey, hey, love," Julie said softly and soothingly, "Talk to me."

"I'm so sorry for being silly, Mistress," Janet said through her hands. "It's just ... it's just that Noel has gone back to her husband. Oh, I don't blame her; she's just trying to be happy, to reach out for what makes her happy."

Janet stared up at Julie then. Julie was watching her from far away, via the computer, with a serious look on her face.

"And you, my love," she asked Janet then, "What makes you happy? What do you need to reach out for?"

Janet knew her mind; she'd thought about this abundantly and didn't hesitate, when she had the opportunity: "You, Mistress Julie," she said quietly, "You make me happy. I love you; truly I do and it scares me so much."

"My sweet, sweet, sweet," Julie cooed. "I just can't tell you how much joy you bring me saying that. I rejoice with Noel and hope it goes well with her. But look at us; look! We still have each other, even if we're far away."

"Yes, we do, darling Mistress," Janet said.

"Are you loving your beach home?" Julie then wanted to know, determined to lead Janet in a different direction.

"It's the most wonderful thing!" Janet gushed. "I just want you to come here and to see it and share it. It was fun with Noel; she was my girlfriend but you're my love."

She started to get weepy again, when Julie intervened again: "Well, then I have some news. At the end of our summer training session, in about 3 weeks, we have a 5 day holiday between soccer practice and school, before we begin our soccer season. I thought that maybe we could get together."

Janet's smile was immediate. She was almost jumping up and down with glee: "Can you come here? Can you? I'll make all the arrangements; I'll get you a plane ticket."

Julie was grinning at Janet's obvious enthusiasm. "Sounds like a plan, puss," she said. "I'll send an e-mail with the date and all."

"Good, my love," Janet said, with continuing enthusiasm, "I'll take care of all the arrangements."

Julie gave Janet then an intense look and said to her: "I need to warn you that I've been celibate and have some really dirty thoughts that I'll bring with me."

Janet's answer was quick; she sunk to her knees; she held her wrists together and put them out in front of her; she lowered her head and said to Julie: "I am always your slave, Mistress."

"Oh, yes," Julie sighed, "Oh, yes, we'll put that knowledge into practice, all that sex and love and a little pain."

"And a little pain," Janet echoed with her head still bent.

"But now get up and let me see you, puss," Julie said.

Janet stood and strode around, so that Julie could see her in her slinky nighty.

"Oh, my!" Julie said, "You're more luscious than I remembered. Now do the walk around naked."

Janet shucked the gown off and continued to parade for Julie, only now she did it naked, as she'd been told.

Finally, Julie said: "Now sit and tell me what you've been up to; don't omit the dirty details. I'm only sorry that I don't have much privacy here and can't get myself off, while I'm listening to you."

Janet described her encounter with Elena and the kid in the parking lot.

"Hot," Julie said, "Very hot."

She filled Julie in on details such as the summer teaching fill in. It finally got late enough that they knew they had to sign off. Julie had a curfew.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 15 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author

Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 14 - Chapter 16 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 15
Posted: November 14, 2009 - 08:42:13 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Janet heard from the school administrator, had an interview and agreed to step in and finish out a summer school basic science course, as a make up for students.

It was a relief that it took some of her time. Julie was going through a time with soccer, when she knew that she wouldn't be very much available.

The teaching helped Janet to pass the time. It went fairly quickly. She had no trouble with the class.

She still had lingering memories of her class in chemistry and becoming the local sexual slut for that group. It caused her to blush every time she thought of it. It also served to make her panties wet. That experience was one that had plunged Janet deeply into her fantasies.

She looked over the class with some interest but restrained herself. Things went well until the very last week. It was Monday of the last week. She was out late, having done some lesson plans to finish the week. She sat in her car and was surprised to see Roy, one of her students stride up to the car.

"Why you complain about me?" he demanded to know.

"What?" she asked, baffled.

"You complained and I was called into the man's office to explain."

Janet protested: "I never. Roy, it's just not true."

He looked at her with fury in his eyes, and said: "You never ... Lying bitch."

The fury in his eyes continued. Janet just stared at him, not sure if she should be afraid or turned on. She certainly felt a mixture of both.

Roy apparently had one more burst of emotion. He raged at her: "You can kiss my black ass, lady!"

Janet looked around quickly and was glad that no one was around; she didn't want anyone else to hear this outbreak.

Then Roy did something that really floored her. He unbuttoned his baggy jeans shorts and pulled his shorts and boxers down to the bottom of his swelling ass cheeks.

Once more he fairly exploded at her: "Here, kiss my black ass."

And Janet did something that he never ever expected.

She did it. She was stirred up by his violence; she was turned on by his very attitude; she found herself sinking into the kind of fantasy that had been so much a part of her life lately. And, when he presented his naked ass to her, she didn't kiss it. She leaned out and, to his immense surprise, she licked her tongue all the way up the crack of his ass.

"Say what?" he now said with more surprise that anger. He spun around in place; he did it quickly enough that his semi-erect cock slapped Janet in the cheek. And then she compounded what she'd already done.

She gave into her instincts and simply opened her mouth and took the cock in to her mouth.

"Fuck me!" he said. "Is that how it is?"

Her simple answer, fessing up to what she'd done, was a quiet

"Yes, it is."

Then Roy smiled and took her by the hand. She went with him into the building. He led her down the stairs to a large equipment storage place.

When they were inside the room, he said to her: "I only have time now for a blow job but I'm going to get that."

She turned to him and said: "I'll do anything you want but I have one request."

"Shoot!" he said.

"I want you to call me Ms. Peters; it's kind of my fantasy to be taken like this by a student. For the rest of the time we have left, I'll do whatever you want. Please call me Ms. Peters; use dirty language, call me dirty names but use my teacher name. Please it's my fantasy."

"How do I know you're telling the truth now, bitch?" he asked her.

The title 'bitch' turned her on. She reached up and put a finger on his lips. She said simply: "Watch."

They were standing in the shadows. She went across the room to stand under a light. Standing there she first took off her blouse and folded it onto the floor. Then she unhooked her bra and did the same with it. She wore no hose. Then she unhooked and unzipped her skirt and it skittered to the floor also. She stood now facing him wearing a pair of red, nylon bikini panties. They hid neither her pussy or her ass.

She turned for him very slowly, and then went back to him. When she got to him, first she put her arms around his neck and melted into him. As she did she saw a figure standing in the shadows at the back of the room. It was the janitor. A middle aged, rather heavy man.

Janet quickly put her finger to her lips to ask him to be quiet. He smiled and simply nodded then she kissed Roy, and she said, sinking to her knees, "Roy, I'm telling the truth."

"I guess you are, Ms. Peters," he said, "I guess you are, Ms. Cock Sucker. You give me joy, Ms. Peters and we can do this your fantasy way. Won't be no pressure from me; won't be at all."

Janet looked up from her kneeling position and finally said: "Be quiet, Roy; there's a woman at work here."

He chuckled. The first thing that she did was unbutton his shorts and pull them down to his ankles. Next it was his boxers that were in the pile around his ankles. Janet slowly moved her hands on him to move him around in a circle. She began by licking up the length of his ass crack. There had already been a practice today, and he smelt spicy from soap and shower.

"Hmm," she crooned, "Nice ass."

She put some pressure on and buried her tongue into his ass crack, pushing and shoving it into his asshole. Above her he was shaking just a bit. She turned him around and planted kisses on his thighs as she moved her mouth to the front of him. With one hand, she lifted up his balls.

"Hmm," she said now,"Nice balls."

She put first one and then the other ball into her mouth and sucked on it. He moaned a little now. Then Janet raised her head and captured the head of his cock in her mouth.

"Hmm,"she said, "Nice cock."

She noticed from the side that the janitor had moved just a little. He was watching them. Janet moved her hand and actually waved at him, as she was sucking Roy's cock. He smiled and waved back.

Roy was moaning now. Janet bobbed her head up and down on his cock. As she neared the head each time, she closed her lips around the cock head and licked at the underside of the head.

"Ohhhhhh, shit!" Roy barely was able to rasp, "Ohhh, Ms. Peters, cock sucking teacher!"

Now with every movement of her head, she made sure that she took all of his cock into her mouth. Her nose was buried in his wiry pubic hair and she licked and sucked the shaft as she drew off. Then she heard him groan, and felt the cock swell inside her mouth. She got ready and pulled him to her, burying her face again in his pubic hair. He exploded in her mouth and she swallowed stream after stream of his cum. She kept him in her mouth to clean him off, and then sank back on her heels.

He shook himself and said: "Damn, are you good at that, Ms. Peters."

"Thank you," she said.

He looked at her just before he was ready to leave, after having pulled up his boxers and shorts: "I'm still pissed about that complaint but this helps to make up for it."

"Roy," she began but he stalked out, muttering: "Save it."

She listened until she heard Roy go out of the building; the door banged. Then Janet turned and went slowly toward the shadow where she knew the janitor waited.

As she approached the shadow, and she saw him, he grinned at her. The grin, she realized was disarming. She smiled as she approached.

"And who are you?" she grinned.

"Uh ... I'm Win the janitor."

"And your grin?" she added, seeking an explanation that was unnecessary. But his answer surprised her: He looked at her seriously for a second or two before he spoke: "Look at me, Ms. Peters, I'm short; I'm fat; I'm ugly. Where else or how else would I ever get to see someone like you, beautiful, really, really well built unless it were an accident like this."

"Well, Win the Janitor, you've certainly gotten quite a show here."

He only smiled at her further.

"And I think that today's your lucky day," Janet continued with a smile.

"Ma'am?" Win said.

"Well," Janet continued, "You'll notice that I did all the work over there."

"Yes, ma'am," Win said.

"And didn't get fucked at all, and I want to. Can you do that for me?"

"Me?" Win said with a wide eyed look.

"You," Janet replied, stroking his cheek with her hand.

"Uh..." he gulped, "Well, I guess yes I can."

"Good," Janet said, "But I want to tell you, Win, you're going to owe me something."

He got a kind of confused and almost hard look on his face. Janet knew what conclusion he'd jumped to immediately.

She stepped in immediately: "Now don't you go start thinking nasty things about me, Win; you and I are going to be friends, and no, I'm not a prostitute."

He kind of lowered his head and said "I'm sorry," and she knew from his demeanor that he was.

"What I meant, Win, was that now, since you know one of my fantasies, being taken by a student, you need to tell me two of yours."

"Fantasies?" he said with a soft voice.

"Yes," Janet answered, "Come on now; I'm trusting you with information about me; you can trust me with information about you."

He gulped, and right then Janet liked him, his simplicity, has gentle manner. He coughed then, and spoke up. "I, uh, think about, uh, you know, spanking a lovely woman, you know without many clothes on."

He got really red, when he said that. "That's one; now tell me one more."

"Uh, one more?" he said.

"Yes, Win, one more."

"Well," he continued now, "I kind of think about doing my cleaning, you know, around here, and doing it sometimes with a kind of naked woman."

Janet smiled and that made him smile back. "Lovely fantasies, Win; aren't they fun?"

"Yes," he said quietly, "They are."

Then she looked at him and said: "Now you go and please lock the doors; we are alone in the building, correct?"

"Oh, yes, Ms. Peters," he answered.

"Good, lock the building and I will wait here, and I promise, Win, that I will be dressed in exactly the same way, when you get back: panties and heels."

"You do?" he answered with some awe in his voice.

"I do," she replied. Win kind of scurried off without saying another word.

Janet could hear him make his progress toward the door that was left open and lock it. As she heard his steps approaching, she quickly slipped out of her red panties and, leaning against a pile of boxes, was waiting for him. He looked at her and was wide eyed.

"You're still here!" he said with some amazement.

"Of course, I'm still here," Janet said, "Didn't I tell you that I would be?"

"Well, yes," he answered, "But..." His voice trailed off.

"But you didn't really believe me."

"Uh, I guess not," he admitted. Then blushing, he went on. "Well, look; you're, uh, kind of like, you know, a goddess! So lovely and beautiful. So, why would you wait for me?"

Janet smiled, "Because, Win, I like you. Is that so hard to realize?"

"Well, uh, girls, I mean women don't usually have much to do with me."

Janet went to him then; she put her arms around his neck and she whispered: "But, Win, I'm going to have something to do with you. And I've got a confession to make."

"Confession," he said.

"Yes, I lied to you."

"Lied," he said then.

"Yes, I said that, when you came back in, I'd be dressed exactly the same, panties and heels, and you know what?"

"What?" he said then.

"I took my panties off! So, I lied. Now don't you think that if I lied to you like that; don't you think that before you fuck me, I should be spanked?"

As she said it, she took his hands, which were still at his side, and placed them on her naked ass.

His head popped up then and he said: "Really?" with an intense look on his face. "You're not making fun of me?" he asked.

"Win, I like you; I do; I don't ever make fun of those whom I like."

Then a smile came over his face, and he said breathlessly: "Spank you, yes! Yes, I think so."

Then his face got serious and he said: "Ms. Peters, I don't want to hurt you; you just tell me if it's too much. I don't want to hurt you."

"Fine, Win, and would you please call me Janet?"

Win grinned and said: "Yes, but I'm going to spank you first. Ohhhhh, spanking a beautiful woman; spanking a teacher; spanking a gorgeous teacher."

Then he slapped her ass for the first time. She flinched. He made a throat sound, and then she encouraged him: "That felt good, Win."

"Good?"

"Good," and then he went on and began to spank Janet in earnest. He spanked Janet's naked ass until it was red and she was breathing hard.

Then he stopped. "Are you okay?" he wanted to know.

"Yes, yes," she said almost out of breath. "It's just that it turns me on to be spanked like that."

"Turns you on?"

"Yes," she admitted and now I want to be fucked. But since this is our first time, I want you to tell me what you want. Do you want to fuck my pussy, my ass or my mouth?"

He stared at her again: "You'll let me do any of those things?"

She laughed, "I hope that eventually you'll do all of those things. But you choose now."

"It's been so long," he sighed.

"Has it?" she asked, stroking his face. His hands were still holding her ass cheeks. "Then is it okay, Win, if we do it first with you in my mouth? I think that you'll probably cum quickly, and then maybe we can do it a second time with you in my pussy."

"Ohhhh dear!" he said.

Janet took that for a 'yes', and slid to her knees. She opened his fly and pulled out his cock with difficulty. It was entrapped. It was also big. She realized that Win did Roger Savage one better. It had good girth and was about nine inches long.

"Ohhhhhhh, Win, you're lovely! What a beautiful cock!" she said with enthusiasm.

Then she took the head into her mouth, and slid her mouth down the shaft. His throat noises were immediate, and it wasn't much more than a minute or two and he was cumming in her mouth and down her throat.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh godddddddddddd!" was the only thing that he could manage. Janet stood up and smiled at him.

"Now taste me," she said, "And taste yourself too."

She kissed him and stuck her tongue into his mouth, giving him a taste of himself.

"That was wonderful," he said with quiet enthusiasm. "But now?"

"Now, now," she said happily, "I'm going to put it back in my mouth to make it hard again and then I want it in my pussy. I finally get to be fucked."

She slid to her knees again, and took his cock, that hadn't softened that much, into her mouth. It came to life quickly.

"Ohhhh nice!" Janet cooed to him. "Now I'm going to turn my back and bend over, so that you can put it into my pussy; and please, while you are fucking me, I want you to slap my ass."

"Spank you, while I'm fucking you?"

"Yes, dear!" she said happily and bent over for him.

He took a longer time now. Janet was really pleased with the feeling of being so filled up by him. This one was a good fuck and they both enjoyed it. Win was sighing and slapping her naked ass, as he plunged in and out of her. The feeling of the intercourse had Win moaning, as he lashed out time after time to hit Janet's lovely naked ass. Janet too was moaning out loud as he continued to both slap her ass and fuck her. Janet's orgasm came only a few seconds before his. When he slipped out of her, she knelt again to clean him off.

Then she settled back on her heels. "Uh," he stammered, "Would you, uh, like some tea?"

"Tea wold be lovely," she said.

She smiled as he watched her put on her panties and bra, then her skirt and blouse. They chatted like old friends, as they had their tea. In the process, she found out about his job, how he did it, his schedule, and the way he made his cleaning rounds. She also discovered that he really missed being outside, since his job had him inside the building most of the time.

Then Janet said that she was going to leave but would see him tomorrow.

She turned to him before leaving and said: "Win, thank you for being so nice."

"No," he countered, and reddened as he said it, "Thank you for being so lovely."

She went to the door and hesitated. Then, as he watched, she reached under her skirt and peeled off her panties. She kissed them, and walking over to him, let them fall in his lap. She blew him a kiss, as he put the panties to his own lips smiling.

Janet was pleased with herself and the day. The event with Roy and the discovery of Win. It seemed perfect. She dined at the sea food restaurant, where they were getting to know her now. Just a little later in the evening she went to the computer and found Julie.

Janet was beside herself with her happiness. These chats with Julie were all to infrequent for both of them. But the soccer schedule was proving to be a grueling one. When they did get a chance to talk it was a treat for them both. Janet was wearing a silk tee shirt and panties only.

Julie commented on how edible Janet looked. It made Janet blush and smile.

"I love that about you, puss," Julie said. "You still blush. But you look relaxed, pleased. Certainly better than the last time." Julie commented, and then continued: "Tell me what's up."

Janet hastened then to tell Julie about the teaching and the encounter with Roy. Julie wanted details about that. But Julie was tickled with what Janet had to say about Win. Janet described him as a shy teddy bear kind of guy. As Janet went into details for Julie, it was obvious that Julie was beginning to play with herself.

"It's too damn bad," she complained, "There's no privacy here."

"I wish that I could do that for you, Mistress," Janet said. "I wish you could also."

Then Janet exploded: "Oh, and yes, the arrangements for your flight to Bradenton have all been made. Your ticket, first class, will be waiting for you. I will pick you up when you get there."

Julie grinned: "You're so thoughtful! What shall I do in return for all your generosity and thoughtfulness?"

"Bring yourself," Janet said quietly. "I will do that, and I'll be hornier than you can imagine."

"Ohhh, I'm planning on it."

"I'll want to meet Win," Julie said. "If his cock is amazing, I want to see it."

"I should be able to arrange that for you, ma'am." Janet said.

Then Janet sighed, and tears began to run down her face: "I miss you so much, my darling Mistress."

"I miss you too, puss, but soon."

"Soon," Janet said.

"One last thing, puss," Julie said, "I want you to go tomorrow evening to a site called 'House of Humiliation.' Go to 'the Classroom'; I'll be Clarice. You'll like it." Janet promised that she would.

Julie stared at the screen for a minute or two and said: "Janet, please know that I love you. That's the final thing, the real thing.""

I love you so much, Mistress; come to me soon. I'm going to go to the bedroom now and get out the vibrator and think of the painful things that you're going to do to me." They signed off then.

The next day at school Janet was tense. She didn't quite know what to expect from Roy, after their torrid time yesterday in the storage area. Time went by quickly enough, and she noticed that he stayed after. When everyone was gone, he approached her desk.

She tried to keep her face neutral, and was ready to be grabbed and used again. Although she had to admit that she was a willing enough subject yesterday. He had a strange look on his face, as he approached the desk.

"Ms. Peters, I'm ashamed, just ashamed." His face was serious and she was sure that he wasn't very far from tears.

"But, Roy, why?" "You didn't lodge a complaint against me; I found that out today. And I accused you, and treated you like some kind of common whore. It wasn't a very honorable thing to do. I want to apologize."

Janet was taken aback, even flabbergasted by this. "Thank you, Roy," she said. "But I do want you to know that I enjoyed it myself."

It didn't much change the look on his face. "No," he said, "I've got to let this go and learn a little from it about my temper. Thanks so much for understanding."

He turned to go. But she jumped up and said: "Roy." He stopped and she gave him a kiss on his cheek before he could leave.

"Give me your cell number, would you?" she asked. "We'll talk about this after school is over." He gave it to her but still seemed settled in his own gloom. He left.

Janet was stunned but then her mind turned to Win. She'd talked to Julie about Win yesterday and they, between them, had devised a surprise kind of plan. Julie even gave Janet some details that she wanted.

Janet gathered all of her stuff and put it into the room closet. She waited anxiously, in anticipation until she heard Win coming down the hallway to check the rooms to be sure that everyone was gone. She had already put the lights out. She went into the closet herself, and heard him open her door.

She actually heard him say "Drat!" to himself, when he found the room empty.

She almost giggled in the closet, when she heard him say that. She knew he was thinking that she'd skipped out on him. She exited from the closet and heard him proceed down the hall checking rooms. She knew that once he got to the end of the hall he'd turn into his own area and fetch his cleaning wagon and go first to the boys' bathroom just a little way from her room. She heard the last door close and opened her room door a crack enough to see him disappear into his room for his cleaning stuff.

She streaked out of her room and down the hall. She was already grinning in anticipation. Once in the boys' bathroom, she entered one of the stalls and waited just a moment. Then she heard the cleaning wagon coming. She unbuttoned and took off her blouse, and hung it up on the door hook. She quickly got out of her skirt and hung it up also. Then it was her bra that was hung up next, and then her panties.

Julie was very clear about the fact that she was to wait for him in the bathroom naked. No shoes either. These Janet put on the back of the toilet. Janet was to be naked and subservient. It was not naked and sexy today; she didn't need to wear the heels today.

She exited from the toilet stall and went across the room. She stood and waited for him to open the door. As soon as he did, he'd see her.

The door opened; she was smiling; he saw her immediately and simply stared.

She smiled at him and said: "Hi, Win."

"Oh," he stammered, "I thought you'd gone home."

"No, silly," she said, "It's time for another of Win's fantasies."

"Ohhh dear" he said with a rapt expression on his face as he approached her.

He stood in front of her and she melted against him. As before, she took his hands and placed them on her naked ass. He sighed. She leaned back to look at him then and he kissed her. It was almost an innocent kiss but gathered some heat as it went on.

Then she whispered into his ear: "Do I just work with you naked in your fantasy or am I your captive and must do the work?"

He whispered back to her: "You, uh, my captive."

"Win, that's so delicious," she said into his ear, and licked his ear.

"Ohhhhhh," he sighed.

"Okay now, Win, tell me what to do; make me do the work, and then if I don't do it correctly you'll have to spank me."

"Ohhh, yes," he said with a smile.

He directed her to clean the urinals. She went to her hands and knees with the cleaning stuff and did as she was told. He stood right behind her; he had his eyes focused all the while on the slope of her ass. It wiggled as she worked. He was entranced. He reached a hand down and traced the slope of her ass. It continued to move as she continued to work.

"That feels nice, sir," she said, still working.

"Sir?" he asked, almost musing.

"Sir," she said again.

It made him laugh and he slapped her ass, as she worked. Finally, she was finished.

He inspected the work and said briefly but with finality: "Not good enough."

He looked like he wasn't totally sure about what to do next. So, she took his hand and led him into one of the toilet stalls.

"Please give me your belt, Win," she said to him.

He took off his belt and gave it to her. With him watching, she fastened the belt around her wrists and then told him to attach the end of the belt around a small pipe not too far up on the wall. He did so, and she was bound there, his captive. Janet looked at him almost pleadingly.

Win smiled. This caused her to smile too. He knew what to do now. He grabbed her hips and turned her around, so that her naked ass was facing him. With his hand in the middle of her back, he bent her over from the waist. It caused her to put her hands on the toilet seat.

Then he spanked her. The ferocity of it increased as the spanking continued. Soon she was reduced to a series of grunts and groans.

The loud sound of his hand hitting her naked ass cheeks was interspersed with her own moans of: "Ohhh, Uhhhh, Ohhh!" Then he stopped.

She was breathing hard and on the verge of sobs. "That ... was ... wonderful," she said breathlessly.

She turned around to him and smiled broadly. He smiled back at her.

"Lift up the toilet seat," she said to him quietly. He did. It caused a kind of flutter inside of him that she was now forced to sit on the bare rim of the toilet, clutching it with her thighs. The humiliation of it stabbed sharply into his mind.

"So lovely," he said to her, stroking her face. "Now?" he said to her, willing her to go on with it.

"Now, like last time," she answered, "First time in my mouth; the second time slower."

He opened his fly then and came to her. First, he rubbed his finger along her lips. She sighed with the sensuousness of it. Then he rubbed his cock across her lips and she sighed again. Then her mouth was open and he was plundering it, moving in and out. She made guttural noises with the pleasure. He was groaning and grunting with the effort. Soon he was cumming and she took most of it in her mouth but backed her head off to let him spray it onto her face. His head was thrown back with the pleasure of it.

He was grinning down at her, when she took him into her mouth again to clean him.

"Nice?"

"Wonderful!" he answered with enthusiasm.

"Now, Win, the next one is my request. Can we do something that I want."

"Oh, sure," he said, eager to please her as she'd pleased him. "I would like you to go get the bag that I left on the floor by my purse."

He did and brought it back.

He offered it to her, when she said: "Do you want this next one with me as captive?"

"Oh, no," he said, "This one's yours; let's do it any way you want."

"Thank you, Win, you're such a darling. What I'd like you to do is take some of the cream that I have in the bag, and first of all rub in on your cock. Then I want you to rub some of it on my asshole. You see, I want you to fuck me in the ass."

"Really?"

"Yes, really," she smiled. "Just please do it to me exactly as I tell you so that it doesn't hurt too much."

"Oh, I will," he assured her, "I never want to hurt you."

Win took the belt off of Janet's hands then and released her. She put her arms around his neck immediately and they kissed again. His kiss was more passionate this time.

She moved to her knees and said to him: "Here let me get you ready."

He grinned again as she took his cock and put it in her mouth, getting it hard and making him hot all over again.

"Now," she instructed use the cream.

He did, first on himself and then on her. His rubbing it into her asshole already brought moans from her.

"Ohhhhhhh, Win, that feels so nice."

Then she walked him through it. At first her voice was strained, as he initially slipped the head of his large cock into her asshole. She made him halt there and let her get used to it a moment. Then she told him to move it in further and with the lubrication, his prick began to slide into her. She had him pause now and again but eventually he was all the way into her.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," was her only comment.

He was grunting with the feeling.

"Ohh,"she cried out, "Win, can you feel that?"

"Ohhh, yes," he said in a strangled voice.

"Now do it; do it slowly and build up speed but do it."

He did exactly what she told him to. He started slowly and built up steam. She was crying out with every thrust. It no longer hurt; by now it had simply taken her to a different place altogether. He shuddered into his finish and held on to her hips, as he spasmed to a halt.

"Ohh, hold it there for just a moment before taking it out," Janet said breathlessly."This has been wonderful; you are wonderful. Ohhhhhhh!"

Eventually he withdrew from her. He left the cubicle and went out to clean up. She cleaned up also, and soon came out of the cubicle. She put her arms around his neck; he was smiling at her.

"Did you like that, Win?"

"You treat me so well, Ms. Peters," he said with a shy grin.

"It's Janet for you," she said.

"Tea?" he asked and they went for tea. Just as an extra bonus Janet walked in front of Win to his room. She carried her clothes in front of her and she walked naked with her ass in motion for his benefit.

Over tea, he looked rather somber. "Is something wrong?" she wanted to know. She was dressed now.

"Uh," he began haltingly,"there are kind of two things that I want to mention."

"Fine," she said, smiling at him.

"I don't mean to hurt you or disrespect you in any way but I don't want to marry."

You could have bowled Janet over with a leaf. She smiled and went to him to throw her arms around him.

"You are the sweetest man in creation," she crooned to him. "Please don't worry about that; we aren't going to marry; but we still can be great friends like this whenever we want. Don't you think?"

"I hope so," he answered quietly.

There was a silence.

She said to him: "But you said two things."

"Yes," he said with great hesitation. "On Saturday there's a get together of some kind of friends. My sister and her husband will be there. I love her but don't much like him. I'd kind of ... I'd like to take you, if you'll go. Please don't think you have to, just because you treat me so nice. There's, uh, no obligation."
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 14 - Chapter 16 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 15
Posted: November 14, 2009 - 08:42:13 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

Janet smiled: "I'd love to go." Then they made specific plans.

That night, as she went to her computer room, she felt both anxious but also turned on about the 'House of Humiliation.' She logged on as JanetTeacher. She found the 'classroom' chat room. It was one that you could enter only with permission. She listed her nickname, her age, sex and her profession and waited.

She was given permission to enter. She was met with a voice that welcomed her and wanted to know immediately if she was really a teacher. She answered that she was and told them about her education and teaching career. She noticed that there were 7 others in the room. They told her that she should turn on her video and that they'd all see her but they would not turn theirs on so that they could remain anonymous.

Janet turned on her video for them. This was greeted with approving comments. And from the comments, she realized that there were girls and boys there. It seemed four boys and three girls.

One of the girls was Clarice and Janet recognized the voice. In addition to hearing from the participants, Janet could get personal messages from members also. Julie sent her a note; it said 'you have a personal note from Clarice.' Julie greeted Janet in the note with a kiss. Told her to be truthful about all the questions, do what they told her but she should not tell them personal things about her or location or any of those kinds of things.

Janet was tense as she sat in the room with the computer staring at her, the camera on. The silence was broken by a voice saying 'Hey, teacher.' Janet responded with a 'Good evening.'

"Shouldn't it be, good evening class?" a voice asked.

Janet corrected herself and said, "Yes, ma'am; I'm sorry. It should be 'good evening, class'."

"Fine," the voice said back to Janet but we have rules.

"Everytime you need to apologize you need to do it on your knees."

Janet shook her head in acknowledgment and slipped to her knees and said that she was sorry and no offense was meant.

Someone laughed, saying that they loved seeing a teacher on her knees. The boys present especially got the dirty implication and laughed. Janet got it also and realized that the implication turned her on.

The atmosphere was heavy with their presence, and, she thought, cruelty or at least determination to humiliate her.

Her thought was broken by another voice: "Tell me, teacher, whose classroom is this?"

Janet thought just for a minute, and said: "It's your classroom, sir."

"Good" was the answer she got in return. "Then why are you here?" the voice said again.

"I was told to be here," Janet answered truthfully.

"By whom?" she was pressed. Janet worked up her courage and said: "I'm not allowed to talk about that person, sir, ma'am, I'm sorry."

A voice shouted, actually shouted at her: "You're sorry, cunt teacher; you're not in charge here, teacher; you're here to do what you're told. Answer the fucking question."

Janet was surprised by the vehemence of the voice. She was surprised that it brought tears to her eyes. "I cannot, I'm sorry."

Another voice shouted at her: "Lack of proper respect; knees."

Janet slid to her knees and apologized again to them all using their titles this time. They laughed.

But then another voice, a female, took up the issue: "Tell us about who sent you to us; we demand it."

"I'm sorry, ma'am, I cannot; I'm not at liberty to."

"Not at liberty? You're worthless! Aren't you? Tell us!"

"Yes, ma'am, I am worthless," Janet said, her voice breaking a little bit. Then she continued: "This teacher is worthless,"

"Whose classroom is this, cunt?" Janet tried to reign in her emotions and knew she was failing. They were all taking turns shouting at her.

"It's your classroom, sir," Janet said.

"Yes, it is, cunt! And tell me what are you?"

This last question was delivered at the top of his voice. "I am a cunt teacher," Janet said.

"Yes," he shouted again, "And cunt teachers do as they're told; who sent you to us?"

Janet just managed to say: "I'm sorry, sir, I can't tell you," when she put her face in her hands and cried. There was cheering and whooping from the other persons in the chat room.

"Marvelous," someone said, "Wonderful," came from another.

Janet realized that they had in fact humiliated her by making her cry in front of them. Strangely enough; it made her even hotter.

It was then that she received a private note from 'Clarice'. "You were wonderful, my puss," Julie said in the note.

"Thank you, ma'am," Janet answered, "That means a great deal to me."

"Hang in there," Julie then said, "That was the worst; the rest might be fun for you. How are you feeling?"

"Turned on," was Janet's quick reply.

"Good," Julie said. "One last thing," Julie told her. "At the end I want you to tell them that the person to whom you owe your sexual allegiance will bring you back here for a session just for them."

"Really?" Janet said, sounding excited.

"Really," Julie wrote back to her.

"Thank you," was Janet's quick reply.

Janet had, however, little time to think. Very soon a voice interrupted her assessment of herself and her arousal: "Tell me, teacher, did you realize that we have a dress code in this class for teachers?"

"Uh, no, ma'am, I didn't," she answered.

"But we do, teacher," the voice insisted.

"Will you share it with me, please ma'am?" Janet asked in as polite a way as possible.

"Well, yes, I will," the voice indicated, "In this classroom, in order to teach, the teacher is supposed to be naked."

"Ohhhhhh," Janet said and her voice trailed off.

"Strip, cunt!" one of the guys' yelled at her.

Then the original voice broke in: "How does that rule make you feel, teacher? How does it make you feel to teach in a classroom naked?"

Janet was intensely struck by the proposal. "It makes me feel really, really, sexually excited!" she said, forgetting the polite address.

Someone immediately yelled: "Knees," to her, and Janet, understanding, went to her knees and apologized for forgetting to be polite to the students.

Then the other strident voice yelled again: "Strip, cunt!"

Janet got up and prepared to do that for them, when Clarice broke in with a suggestion: "Wait, she's a teacher; make her teach us. Let's make her explain every piece of clothing that she removes; you know, give us a lecture in miniature about her blouse, and skirt, and her panties!"

There was clapping and yells of approval at that. Janet was told to strip one piece of clothing at a time and to give them, as she would to her students, a miniature lecture on every piece of clothing. The thought struck Janet in the same sexual place as much of this whole encounter did. She was getting more and more turned on.

She began with her blouse. She was more at home with this task; it was something that she could do. She talked about the fabric and the color and the fact that it had a neck line that allowed her to show just a bit of cleavage. She very calmly took off the blouse and showed it to the camera with her final comments.

Then she turned to the bra. It was pink, and had a filmy material that allowed Janet's large tits and nipples to show plainly.

When she mentioned the bra, a voice at first broke in and said: "Nice tits, teacher."

"Thank you, sir," she said.

Then she continued. She spoke of the fact that it was underwired to give support to her large breasts.

"Knees," someone shouted at her. Janet sunk to her knees immediately.

The same voice said harshly: "Tits, teacher; they're tits. Repeat it."

Janet said "Tits."

"Again," the voice said. She repeated the word. "Again!" She repeated the word.

This happened half a dozen times. Finally she was allowed to get up off of her knees and continue. She mentioned the see through material snowing her rather large nipples.

Clarice broke in then: "Your nipples are stiff, teacher; are you excited by this?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet admitted. "I certainly am."

"Slut!" another voice put in.

"Yes, sir," Janet replied, "I know I am; thank you for calling me that."

Janet unhooked the bra and took it off. She showed it to them and went over the design of it in detail. She spoke then about the simple a-line skirt. She said its virtues were that it was simple, slim, a nice dark color and relatively short.

"Do you wear short skirts to teach, teacher?" a voice asked.

"Yes, sometimes I do."

"Does it turn on the students?" the same voice wanted to know.

"I certainly hope so," was Janet's reply.

"Knees!" the same person shouted at her. Janet went to her knees.

She realized that she hadn't used the polite form of address. She apologized for it immediately.

The person asked her: "Do you have nipple clamps, slut?"

"No, ma'am; I'm sorry to say that I do not."

"Then clothes pins," the person continued. "Get them."

Janet went to the laundry room and returned with the clothes pins. At their insistence she put a clothes pin on each of her extended nipples. She moaned loudly, when she did it.

Clarice asked her: "Do you like that pain, teacher?"

"Oh, yes, ma'am, I do; l like it."

"Hmm," Clarice said, "We'll have to see what we can do to give you more pain sometime."

"Thank you ma'am," Janet said.

At that point her panties were getting wet. Then she unzipped the skirt and let it fall to her ankles, and took it off. She stood in her panties and heeled sandals.

"Ah, panties," she said then. "Panties are to hide lovely things, like my cunt and my ass; but they're not supposed to hide them very well. These pink panties do that nicely, I hope."

Clarice wanted to know then: "Are your panties wet, teacher?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet admitted, "They are wet."

"Take them off and put them in your mouth, teacher," one of the guys said.

Janet did as she was told; now she held the panties in her mouth and tasted herself on them. At their bidding she turned around slowly to display herself.

"Bend over with your ass to the camera," someone told her.

She did, displaying her ass cheeks to a better advantage that way.

"Good," the same voice said, "Now use your hands and pry your ass cheeks apart. Show the entire class the teacher's asshole."

Janet blushed but reached back wit her hands and pried her ass cheeks apart.

"Have you ever had it in the ass?" one guy wanted to know.

"Yes, sir," Janet said, "I certainly have."

"Sit in the chair in front of the computer," a voice now said.

She did so and was prompted to put her feet up on the desk and start to play with herself.

"Now tell us a story about you and your students."

Janet loved playing with herself in front of the classroom. She told the story about Clifford taking her to the guys' drinking session.

"What were you wearing?" one asked her.

"High 'fuck me' heels, thigh highs, and a hood."

"Hot!" one of them said.

"Thank you, sir," she replied, still rubbing her pussy.

"Why the hood?" another asked.

"Because, ma'am, they were students of mine."

"Ah, yes," the voice concluded.

"Wait," a guy said. "Go and put on the fuck me heels and a pair of thigh highs before you continue. Do you have the hood?"

"No, sir, I'm sorry that I don't."

"Go," he said again.

"Yes, sir, I will." she said and left to put on the clothes they required.

As she went, she realized that her pussy juice was flowing down the inside of her thighs. When she got back, wearing now the 'fuck me' heels, black with no backs and 5", and smoke gray thigh highs, she looked marvelous.

"Wow, teacher!" was the general comment.

"Take the panties out of your mouth now, teacher, and tell me," Clarice now asked, "did you actually ride in the car with this Clifford to the party sight almost naked?"

"No, ma'am," Janet said blushing, for she knew that Julie was aware of how she got there, and just wanted the others to know. It was also the case that every communication with Julie was a special treat for Janet.

"They put me in the trunk, ma'am," was Janet's reply.

"Wow, shit!" one of the guys said. "In the trunk!"

"Yes, sir," Janet answered.

A voice then said, "Now, fuck slut teacher, play with yourself and tell us the rest of the story."

Janet put her heels up on the desk and, with the camera aimed at her pussy, began to play with herself in earnest. She related the servicing of the guys, sucking them off, and being fucked by them. Then she told them of Clifford removing her hood, after telling them that the bitch was one of their teachers. Then she spoke of them spanking her and fucking her again. Janet began to softly moan, due to the work of her fingers in her pussy.

Clarice broke the spell and said to Janet: "Why only nipple ring?"

Janet smiled and said: "Mistress Clarice, the nipple ring in my right nipple is a love ring."

"Ohhhh, I see, teacher," Clarice said. "For whom is it there?"

Janet blushed into the camera and said: "I'm sorry, Mistress Clarice, I'm not at liberty to talk about that."

"Ah, yes," Clarice said.

"Very stubborn," someone said.

"Or very loyal," was Clarice's comment.

By then Janet was approaching her climax from the self stimulation. She hollered out into the house and to the computer: "Ohhhhhhhhh, ohhhhhhhhhh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The orgasm was a shattering one. All of the stimulation of the contact in the House of Humiliation was what made it so strong. Janet sat looking drawn out, her hand still playing idly with her pussy.

"Very nice, teacher," a voice said.

"Thank you, sir," Janet said.

It was Clarice's voice that came finally: "Tell this mystery person of yours, whom you protect so well, to bring you back and have a full blown humiliation and pain session here for us on camera."

"I will, Mistress Clarice, and thank you for your attention. Thank you all." Janet said, as she logged out of the room.

The phone rang after a few moments. "Hello," Janet said.

"Hot, very, very hot!" Julie said.

Janet laughed: "Oh, darling Mistress, thank you for that. I wish, I really, really wish you were here."

"I will be," Julie said, "My vacation time is coming soon."

"I'm looking forward to it so. Can I do anything for you in the meantime?"

"No," Julie said, "Just be my love."

"Oh, darling, darling," Janet said, "I am that; you fill me so. It's just that..."

"What?" Julie asked sharply.

"It's just that Clarice's voice was so sexy." Janet laughed.

So did Julie; then she said: "I'll spank you for that, Ms. Peters bitch."

"I hope so!" Janet said. Then closing the conversation, since Julie had a 'lights out', Janet said: "I do love you, Mistress, desperately."

"I love you too, puss," Julie said, as she rung off.

On Saturday she prepared carefully. She wore a pretty, Clifford, red dress. It was tight and cut low, showing a nice bit of cleavage. She wore a thong with the string tucked between her ass cheeks. She was going to meet Win's friends and didn't want to show panty lines. She also wore a pair of 4" black 'fuck me' shoes. She'd had her hair done at a place that Elena recommended.

They met at the school. He was dressed in a sport coat with an open necked white shirt. He whistled low, when he saw her.

"You look so nice," he said.

"And you are so handsome," she countered. "I hope your friends will like me."

"I'm sure they will," he said a bit uneasy.

"What is it?" she wanted to know.

"Well, it's my sister's husband. He kind of makes a career of needling people and at times has really bad manners. Most of the people laugh it off though."

"Well thanks for telling me." She said.

She was certainly a hit at the gathering. There were about 5 couples there, including Win's sister, Veronica and her husband Dan.

Dan, unfortunately turned out to be everything that Win had said.

His first words, before even being introduced was: "Hey, everybody, look, Win's got a live one."

The group smiled appreciatively at his wit. He went to them and, ignoring Win, grasped Janet's hand saying: "Hey, babe, what are you doing with Win? If you need a real man, I'm here."

He guffawed at his own win. His wife tugged on his arm and said: "Dan, behave yourself."

Veronica greeted Janet very nicely; she was obviously pleased to meet her. She gave Win a kiss, and led them off to be introduced around. The evening progress nicely. Janet was aware that Win was really pleased that she came with him. They decided later on to leave.

Janet also knew that Dan had been looking at her, periodically staring at her the entire time. She and Win moved toward the door but Dan intercepted them. He was grinning his dirty leer again.

He looked around and announced: "I finally have it figured out."

Then grinning at Win and Janet he said triumphantly: "You're a pro! He's paying you. I wonder how much; maybe I could buy some of your time."

He laughed heartily again, and then two things happened at the same time.

Veronica said more vehemently: "Dan, stop it."

And Janet slapped his face. She hit him hard, knocking his head sideways. You see, Dan was a coward but one who was used to getting his own way with his salacious humor. He just stared at her. Others in the room were chuckling about the way she'd whacked him.

But Janet wasn't done. "There are three courses of action open to you. First, you can apologize for that comment and for your rude behavior in front of everyone; second, my lawyer's name is Edward Trailor, and I'll have him contact you about a suite for defamation for calling me a prostitute in front of all these people; third, a close friend of my deceased uncle's name is Mr. D. He is very solicitous about my health and my honor. I'll tell him that you've impugned my good name in front of these lovely people and he'll send someone to talk to you. Now choose, Dan!"

Dan was simply agog at what Janet had done and said. He hesitated just a few moments. Janet reached into her purse and got out her cell phone.

"Mr. D it is, fatso!"

"Wait, wait," he said in a voice almost pleading. "I ... uh ... I was out of line; I apologize for the remark. I do."

Janet stared at him: "And now apologize to all these nice people. He glanced at Janet's cell phone and then turned to the crowd. "Everyone," he said, humbled now; "I'm sorry for being such an ass. Sometimes my mouth gets away from me."

They really looked satisfied at that point and glanced at Janet with a great deal of respect. People tried to get back to their conversations then. Janet moved as thought to go but then she turned back until she was in Dan's face again.

"Don't ever do anything like that to me again; I'm going to call my uncle's friend and tell him; just so he knows. He won't do anything unless I ask him."

Dan looked at her and simply got pale.

"And let me tell you," she continued so that only he, Veronica and Win could hear: "Win is three times the man you are." Then she smiled and said to him: "Now, Dan, I want you to watch me, when I leave with Win. Watch me closely. When we leave here, I'm going to ask him to take off all my clothes. Then I'm going to asks him to spank me, until I'm almost crying. Then the first time will be in my mouth but after the first time, he can use any hole he wants."

Dan absolutely paled as she said this. Veronica put her hand over her mouth and simply giggled.

Then Janet finished: "You see, he's got a really, really big cock, my Win does. And I just bet that you don't."

With that she and Win strode out of the room, leaving Dan looking aghast and in wonder.

They got outside and walked just a little bit. Janet turned to Win with a really stricken look on her face. "I'm so sorry," she said beginning to sob. "I didn't mean to say those things; he made me so angry. You asked me out and I've done this disgrace."

She turned to him and clung to him. "No disgrace at all, sweet lady; no disgrace," he said quietly. "He had that coming. And besides," he said this last looking at her tear strewn face but he was smiling. "Besides, you just told the truth; so let's go do those things. I believe you began with me taking off all your clothes and then was it a spanking?"

He was grinning then. She grinned also.

"Let's," she said. And they did.

They went to Win apartment. It was the second floor of a building, with a side set of steps going up to the door. Before they got out of his truck, again Janet apologized for he show of temper.

Win now simply smiled and said, as they walked to the steps: "Well if you feel so strongly about it, maybe I'll just have to spank you for your outburst of temper."

He was grinning as he said it. She turned to look at him now feigning big eyes. "You will?" she said.

"I will."

She started up the stairs ahead of him, lifting the skirt of her red dress as she went. Until by the third step she had the hem of the skirt up to her waist. Showing him her almost naked ass and the thin line of the red bikini panties.

"Well, come and get it big guy," was her comment. He swatted her ass and made her 'yip' into the night air.

Once they were inside, Janet stood still holding her dress up to her waist.

"You like" she asked, and began to remove the dress.

Win said: "No, my place; I do it. You said."

"Yes, I certainly did."

She stood and waited for him. He unzipped her, and took the dress, letting her hold on to him as she stepped out of it. He stopped long enough to look at her. She spun on her heels for him; she did it slowly to give him a good view.

"I like," was his comment.

"Oh good," she smiled.

Then he removed her bra and stood for a while just holding her large tits in his hands. He rubbed his thumbs up to run them across her nipples. The nipples stiffened, and Janet moaned. Then it was the panties. Down her thighs, and past her swelling ass they went. He left her with her heels on and her thigh highs. But he wanted the stockings off also. He rolled them down, while still kneeling, and she wore only her heels.

"Hmm," he said quietly, "A naked lady and a spanking."

"Oh, is it time?" she asked.

"Yes, it is," Was his answer.

She grabbed onto a chair and bent over with her ass in the air.

"No," he said then, "My place, my way."

"Your way?" she asked. "Yes," he told her. He took her arm and then he sat down on a chair and pulled her over his knees.

"Ohhhhhhh, ohhhhhhh, ohhhhhh," she said. "I love this."

He slapped her ass. She winced and groaned a little. With each slap to her up-turned ass, he rubbed his hands around her ass cheeks and between her thighs a little. She was bucking into his hands as they caressed her more and more. He wondered if he could bring her off this way. He found that he could. The slaps to her ass, reddening now, had continued but so had his fingers wandering between blows to the openness of her pussy and her asshole. She was bucking more and more. The slaps not only continued but increased in their ferocity. Finally, he slapped her hard, making a loud but satisfying sound and invaded the space between her legs with his hand and she just rose up a bit and cried through her orgasm.

He lifted her up then and held her with her head on his shoulder. She was still trembling; he held her until the trembling stopped.

She looked up at him and said: "Now?"

He smiled. "Now, you know how to do it; first time..."

She took it up for him: 'First time in my mouth; then whichever hole you want."

"But in the bedroom this time."

"Yes, nice," she said. "In the bedroom." She walked ahead of him giving him the vision of her swinging ass cheeks.

They sat and talked once they were finished. Win was more relaxed now with her. She looked around and took in the place, small but clean and pretty plain. He spoke to her of his regret to not work outside any more. He told her of the joy he had working on maintenance kinds of things and just doing outdoor stuff.

She began to form an idea but didn't mention it to him yet. He got quiet and finally she asked him if anything was wrong.

"No," he answered, "Nothing wrong. I just need to apologize to you for really not wanting to get married. You deserve better than that."

"Oh, Win," she said, launching herself into his arms.

He held her and ran his hands up and down her naked side. She was dressed only in her red panties.

"Oh," she said again,"That doesn't matter. I don't want to be married, to get married either. But we can be such good friends for each other."

"I hope we can," he said. "But I'll never blame you for moving on."

From his tone, she knew that he meant it also. It was fairly late, when he took her back to the school. Before leaving she asked him if he'd come to dinner at her house two days from then. He promised that he would. They set a time and she gave him the address on the key.

Janet had been pleased by the opportunity to do some teaching; despite all that had occurred, it was still a love of her life. She was at the school cleaning up the last of her things, after her teaching stint was over. She answered a knock on the door and was greeted by the coach Johnnie Kerns.

"Ms. Peters?" asked the handsome man with a broad smile.

"Janet," she said to him softly.

"Ah, Janet it is," was his first reply. "I'm Johnnie Kerns the coach. I understand that you are our chemistry angel."

Janet laughed: "Well hardly angel but chemistry, yes."

"I have four players who have to take the up-coming chemistry makeup for their eligibility, and I was wondering if you might help out by tutoring them?"

Janet considered, and asked: "How much time is there?"

"Not much, I'm afraid," he said, "I've been looking around fairly frantically for someone qualified to help out, and you've come long just in time."

Janet smiled at his obvious enthusiasm and gratitude. She made up her mind immediately: "Of course, I'll help."

"Good," he said with a sigh of relief, "It'll be standard pay."

"Fine," she answered, "Just tell me when I can meet with them."

"Is tomorrow okay for you?"

"Here? Tomorrow?" she asked.

"Yes, if you can; time is of the essence here; we have only six days really."

"I'll do my best," she said, holding out her hand to him.

Janet was only a bit nervous the next day, when her latest teaching stint was about to begin. She dressed conservatively, not sure exactly how to present herself. But it was in one of her old outfits from her teaching days.

Johnnie Kerns was waiting for her, when she arrived at the school. He ushered her into the room where four young black men were indeed waiting for them.

He made the introductions: "This is Ms. Peter, she a chemistry teacher, and might just be your best chance for eligibility. I want you to be polite and make a real effort to get this done. The test is only a little over a week away."

He got a chorus of 'yes, sirs' from the four young men who were then introduced as: Tim, Germain, Walt and Snowman.

Janet was taken by their polite manner and by how very attractive they all were.

"Pleased to meet you, guys," she said, shaking hands with each of them. "If the coach doesn't mind, we're going to start right away."

Coach Kerns left and she did indeed begin with an outline that she'd prepared that would sufficiently cover the basics. The session proved to be somewhat tedious but the young men were struggling to understand, what Janet was teaching.

When it was over, she spoke to them:

"Thanks, guys, for working so hard at this. I know it's difficult and also important to you."

"No, thank you, Ms. Peters," Tim said, "We appreciate you taking time to do this."

They insisted on walking her to her car in the dark of the lot before they let her go.

Janet's fantasies went wild that night. She got a chance to talk with Julie and Julie was turned on by what Janet told her about the four black kids. When they talked, Julie insisted that they needed a plan for Janet to get the four of them to fuck her. Janet was so turned on that she was ready to do anything that Julie suggested. Julie told Janet what she thought she should do and Janet agreed immediately to put the plan into action.

The next day's session was about the same. It was a struggle but by then Janet had the beginning of a plan; it was Julie's plan. She told them that evening, when they were finished, how much she appreciated their hard work and she believed that she was succeeding with them. With a twinkle in her eye, she told them that they'd worked hard enough that she'd have a treat for them the next day.

They were all on time the following day. Janet waited until she knew they were all there and then breezed into the room. She'd dressed with extra care, having talked to Julie about it. She wore a frilly, white blouse that was semi transparent, a lacy bra, a short white pleated skirt.

Their reaction was immediate.

"Wow! Foxy teacher!" Tim said. "Who would have ever thought that a possibility."

"You're so gallant," Janet said. "I'm glad you like the way I'm dressed but let's get to work."

The plan worked wonders. Every single day Janet wore something that was partially revealing, and definitely sexy. Every night she talked to Julie about it and they made plans for the next day.

Janet made sure that her new students were always aware of the test that they had to take to get their chemistry equivalent. They worked with that in mind, since it would impinge upon their athletic future. But they were always ready to see how Janet was dressed for the next day's class.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 16 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 15 - Chapter 17 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 16
Posted: November 15, 2009 - 02:40:22 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

They finally came to the last day of class. For this day Janet and Julie had a specific plan. Janet was really pleased to be displaying herself to them, even if it was in only a minor way but Julie's plan for what was next was so exciting that Janet could hardly contain herself.

For that night's class, Janet wore the pleated mini again. She wore a sweater with it, and knew that her nipples were pressing against the front of the sweater. The teaching, nevertheless, went very well.

When they were finished she smiled at them all and said:

"You guys have been fabulous; you've listened, worked hard, studied and have really gotten a good inside track on this material. I'm going to say 'thank you' for being so attentive by taking all four of you out for pizza."

They were pleased with the suggestion but wanted to know where she wanted to go.

"Wherever you'd go for pizza," she said. Then she laughed and continued:

"I want to go somewhere that they'll know that I'm out with my four toy boys!"

They all hooted at what she said and, laughing, they all piled into Janet's SUV and went off to the pizza place. She sat in a booth in the middle of the four of them. While they were sitting and talking a friend came up to the table, his name was Sage. He looked them over and smiled, saying:

"Hey, Tim, guys, who's the bitch?"

The four guys obviously bridled. Tim spoke up quickly: "Hey, mouth, dude; this is Ms. Peters our chemistry tutor. Show some respect.

"Hell," Sage continued, "Teachers never looked that foxy, when I was in school."

Janet smiled and said: "Thank you, Sage; that's quite a compliment."

Then he left and Tim, and the guys apologized.

"Think nothing of it," Janet said, "It was kind of a left handed compliment at least."

Then their pizza came and they were busy with it for a while. When they were finished, Janet paid the bill, and the five of them left. The four guys were getting a good deal of ribbing about the sexy woman that took them out to dinner.

"They'll never believe that you're our teacher." Tim said.

"That's their problem," was Janet's immediate reply.

She was now more than ready for the next stage in Julie's plan for how this would develop. She drove back to the parking lot. They all got out and Janet walked to their car with them.

"Hey, you four," she began, "I'm really proud of the way that you've worked so hard these days. Tomorrow is the test and I want you all to pass it. It's for your future but if you do, then I'm going to give you a treat."

"Treat?" Tim repeated.

"Yes," Janet said. "It's in the car; you wait here and you'll see what I mean."

With that, she walked to her car and, having reached the car, she stopped and looked at them smiling. Then she slowly began to unbutton her blouse. They were totally silent watching. She shrugged the blouse off of her shoulders and put it in her car. Then, with them watching wide eyed, she unzipped the side of her pleated mini and let it flutter to the ground. They were simply staring at this point. She reached behind and unhooked her bra and tossed it into the car also, and then stalked to where they were.

She leaned over, her large tits dangling in front of them, and said to them in a whisper:

"You all pass tomorrow, all of you, and I'll take off the rest and will do anything that you want. Do you hear what I said? Anything."

They shook their heads 'yes' and stared as she stalked again back to her car, her ass cheeks swaying inside of the thin light colored panties that she was wearing. Janet could hardly wait to tell Julie how her plan had worked. She waved at the guys, still not dressed, and they still staring, and drove off.

Johnnie Kerns called her the next day. He told her with obvious relief and satisfaction that they'd all passed, and that he'd leave it up to her to tell them the good news.

She had Tim's phone number. Tim laughed and told her that he'd tell the guys. He cleared his throat then and, anticipating, Janet said to him:

"Tim, honey, I certainly do remember what I promised. I'll pick all four of you up tomorrow morning at 10 AM. You'll get them all there?"

"Yes, ma'am, I will," he promised, and they hung up.

Janet was smiling from ear to ear, when she put the phone down. The next day she prepared with obvious care. The blouse was thin and kind of silky. It not only showed to advantage her lacy bra but also, due to the soft rubbing of the material, showed her raised nipples too. Janet was pleased. The skirt that she wore, or 'almost wore'--was her own remark about it, was so short that any raising of her arms at all would show the slope of her ass cheeks in her white lacy panties. She felt that she was ready for them.

She cruised to the corner where they said that they'd be, and she noticed, as she pulled in to a small lot at a mini mall, that Sage was with them giving them grief. She could hear him ragging them about being with the teacher again. His back was to her initially as she got out of the car, shooting a huge grin to the four guys who were eyeing her now with obvious glee.

"Do you mean me, Sage?" she asked innocently, as she strolled up.

Sage turned around at that point and the only thing that came from his mouth was the words: "Fuck me!"

Janet smiled at him and without missing a beat said: "No, Sage, I think you've got it wrong; the whole point of my little party for these four wonderful guys is that the'll fuck me!"

Sage stared as the four of them laughed and walked over to where she was waiting for them with her arms held out. They got into a group hug. Janet suddenly looked up and said: "Who has their hand on my ass?"

It was Germain who, looking sheepish, said a quiet 'me'. The others only looked on as Janet leaned in to kiss Germain lightly on the lips and said in a whisper: "You keep it there; it feels nice."

"Not as nice as your ass feels," Germain said, getting bolder.

"Language," Janet said, "Tut, tut."

"But you just said 'fuck' a bit ago," Walt said smiling in a sly fashion.

"So I did," Janet admitted, "Well let's go and do that before poor Sage's eyes pop out of his head."

Tim flashed Sage a smile and said 'bye for now'.

"Motherfucker!" Sage almost growled.

"No," Janet corrected him, "To be absolutely correct, Sage, I think you should call him, call them, a teacher fucker."

They laughed at that and Janet led them to the car.

Sage just stood there and said: "Still don't believe it."

Janet stopped with her back still to Sage's hunched presence and said: "Then believe this." Saying that, she pulled her skirt up to her waist showing him, and all of them the white thigh high stockings and her magnificent ass cheeks encased in the swell of white stretch lace panties.

Sage was only staring now. Janet took one step toward him then and said:

"Sage, honey, my guys here are all kind of riled up, so I think that the first time for each of the four of them will be in my mouth, nice and hot and quick. But then starting with the second time and each time after that for each of them, they get to choose whatever hole the want. Today is just not a day for me saying 'no' to whatever they want. You can believe that, Sage."

He was still standing and staring, as they got to the car.

In the car the tension from what she'd said, was palpable. It was Tim who spoke up first:

"Uh, Ms Peters," he began.

"Yes," Janet said.

"Uh did you mean what you just said to Sage?"

She looked around at the four of them, as she started the car, and she said:

"Every single word!"

"Oh," Tim said.

She grinned around at them happily and said:

"I guess, 'oh'!"

As they approached the gate out on the key, Janet was smiling. This was her favorite part of every journey. She turned into the gate and put in the code.

"Woah!" Tim said, "What is this?"

"This," she answered simply, "Is home."

"Wow!' came a voice from the back seat.

They rounded the first bend to where the caretaker's house was and Tim said:

"Really nice."

Janet smiled over at him, enjoying herself, and said; "This is the caretaker's home."

"Shit a brick," came a voice from the back, "Are you kidding?"

But that question was answered as they rounded the last bend in the thick jungle like vegetation and saw the beach house in front of them.

"Home," Janet said.

"You live here alone?" Tim asked in wonder.

"Not really," Janet answered. "I live here with my girl friend." She was grinning as she said it.

"Oh this gets better and better," Tim said then, "Your girlfriend. Are you a... ?"

"Am I a lesbian?" Janet finished the sentence for him. "Well, you'll just have to wait and find out the answer to that." She flashed him a grin as she said it and grinned over her shoulder to the back seat them also.

"Who's your girlfriend?" Tim wanted to know then.

"Her name is Julie Stone," Janet answered, "She's away right now at the university. She plays soccer for them."

"Shit!" Tim said in almost an explosion. "You mean Julie Stone the new scoring ace for the gators? I must be dreaming."

They were all huffing about that, and Janet was tickled.

"Guys," she said, parked now in front of the house, "I was Julie's chemistry teacher last year in high school. She, uh, seduced me, and now I'm her slave."

"Holy shit!" Tim said, speaking for all of them. "This is almost beyond belief. I'd love to meet her."

"We can call her, once we're inside."

"Cool!" Tim answered.

The four of them followed Janet inside and were instantly drawn to the sight of the Gulf through the large bank of picture windows at the front. As they stood there, Janet called Julie on the phone. She was pleased that Julie was available.

"Mistress," Janet said, "How pleased I am to get you."

"Hey, puss my puss," Julie said, "What a treat to hear from you. What's up?"

"Well, I'm here with my four students and it seems that they know of your soccer prowess and wanted to say 'hello' to you."

"Great," Julie said, "Put me on speaker."

Janet did that as the four guys gathered around.

"Hey, guys!" Julie said, "I here that you passed your exams and are going to party with my bitch."

"Uh, that's right, uh Ms. Julie," Tim said very politely.

"You treat her right," Julie said, "And if she refuses to do anything that you ask her, you call me and I'll straighten her out. Do you understand me, teacher?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said meekly, "I'll treat our guests nicely."

"Yes, and film it for me," Julie said, then she added: "I have a practice now; I'll be sweaty, too bad you're not here, puss."

"I'd like that too," Janet said, then she added: "I love you, mistress Julie."

Julie added: "Those are the most precious words of all. Have fun, guys."

"Awesome," Walt said and the others agreed.

Janet put the phone away and turned on the camera that was set up by the breakfast counter. "She wants a tape," Janet said. The guys said that they didn't mind.

"Well," Janet said then, "I'd like to dance; any of you scholars dancers?"

Tim stepped up, as Janet put on music. Janet draped her arms around his neck and they danced to slow music by Sinatra. She stared into his eyes and licked his lips with her tongue.

Their reverie was broken by Walt, who was standing by the window and watching them dance.

"Hey, with your arms draped around Tim's neck, Ms Peters, I can see your panties."

"Oh, can you?" Janet said. Then she turned to Tim and whispered to him:

"Unbutton and unzip my skirt for me, will you please."

"Sure, teacher," he said with a smile and Janet's skirt skittered to the floor, while the other three guys exclaimed.

She kicked it aside and went back to dancing. Tim looked at her and grinned.

"Now get fresh," Janet said, smiling as she felt his hands slip down to cup her ass cheeks and then reach inside her lacy panties and grasp her ass cheeks.

"Feels nice," Janet cooed into Tim's ear, as he continued to play with her ass cheeks with his hands down inside her lacy panties. "Shall we show them more?"

"Yeah," Tim said, still swaying with her to the music, "Let's be nice to them."

Then Janet spoke up: "Guys what'll it be next? Panties? Blouse? Or are we done here?"

"Shit," Germain said, "We're only beginning here. I vote for Blouse next."

Walt and Snowman agreed, and Janet grinned at them with her head on Tim's shoulder. He began, while still clutching her in the dance He slowly unbuttoned her blouse; she let him and allowed it to slide off of each shoulder in turn, letting it flutter to the floor. Snowman came over and retrieved it and put it aside with her skirt.

Janet was a magnificent sight, dancing with Tim's arms around her, while dressed in her heels, thigh high stockings, panties and bra.

"My, my," she said to them all, "The teacher is beginning to feel underdressed."

"Just wait a minute and give us a chance to vote again," Germain said with a grin.

"Nasty boys," Janet said licking the side of Tim's face with her tongue. "Vote now," she continued.

"Stockings," was the general decision.

"Okay, I need volunteers to roll my stockings down and off," she said to them.

"Do you mind, honey?" she said to Tim who released her for it.

Snowman came over first and put his hands on her thighs to roll a stocking down. He brushed his hand upward first to all it to grace the crotch of her panties.

"Ohhhhhh," Tim said, "Snoman's feeling pussy!"

"Mmmm, yes," Janet cooed to them, "Pussy."

Then the first stocking was off and Walt came next and performed the same trick with the other stocking, including stroking her pussy. When he was finished, a fast track came on the music, and Janet perked up, saying to them all:

"You four sit here." They did.

Then, in her heels, panties and bra, she danced for them. During the course of her dancing and pirouetting she released her bra catch and let it fall into Germain's lap. He howled his approval, and she bent over in front of them to swing her large tits before their eyes.

"Dynamite tits on the teacher," Tim said.

"Look at the size of her nipples!" Snowman chimed in.

Then Janet spun to the opposite side of the room and stared at them, kicking away first one shoe and then the other. They clapped, and she stuck her thumbs inside of the waistband of her panties. With each step that she took, she lowered the panties an inch or so. They were clapping and shouting for her, when finally, directly in front of them, she pushed the thin lacy garment all the way down and kicked it at them. There was a scuffle and Tim came up with the panties held to his nose. Then he passed them to Walt and they went the rounds, as Janet finished her dance.

"One more thing before we begin in earnest," Janet said.

"We haven't begun yet?" Snowman crowed. "This is too good to believe."

"Call Sage," she said to Tim. He did.

When Tim got Sage on the phone he said: "Hey, man, the teacher told me to call you."

"Tell him what I just did," she said.

"She just danced for us and stripped bare assed naked," he said then he added, laughing, "Fuckin' right man; she's right here naked."

She held her hand out for the phone. "Sage, honey," she said in a sultry voice; "It's time to start my plan; you remember my plan? Yes, that's right; as soon as I hang up this phone, I'm going to begin by sucking each of their cocks; then it's any hole they want." Janet paused and said to him: "Just don't you be so snotty next time." She hung up.

"Hey," Tim said then, "Let's take a picture for Julie."

"Great idea," the others chimed in and Janet was really pleased.

She set up the camera and then went into the photo; she sat naked, knees apart, in the middle of them, who were all still dressed. They all hooted with joy, once the photo was taken.

Then she beckoned to Walt to come forward and, on her knees in front of him, she took off his shorts and his boxers. He pulled the tee shirt over his head and stood naked before her. Next it was Snowman, and then Germain, and finally Tim. When she'd stripped each one of them, she kissed the tip of their cocks before going on to the next guy to strip.

"New photo," she said. "I want the four of you surrounding me with your lovely cocks pointed at me.

They set it up and took the photo. Again they were really pleased. Janet grinned because she was already looking forward to sending the photos to Julie.

"Playtime now," she intoned, "Here comes the first real part of your congratulations for working so hard."

She left the camera, now taking a movie, and crawled toward them. They only stared. She went to Tim first and began by kissing the tip of his cock. She held her hands out in the air to the side and said, as she took the cock into her mouth and then released it:

"Look, Ma, no hands." They howled in delight at that as she once again captured Tim's prick in her mouth.

The build up was really too much for him and he was soon holding the back of her head and thrusting his cock into her mouth.

She pulled away for a few seconds to say: "First time will be quick; just cum when you need."

Then she pushed her head back down toward his hips and pushed until she felt his pubic hair with her nose. He grunted and grabbed her by the hair flailing his hips, as he spurted ropes of cum into her throat.

"Look at the teacher suck cock!" Germain said with wonder.

Then Janet was finished and cleaned Tim's prick with her mouth; she kissed the tip of his cock and crawled to Germain.

"Here I come, jock man!" she said, as he grinned down at her, and sighed with the sensation of her mouthing the tip of his prick. "Oh, Ms Peters, how well you do that."

Janet just smiled and continued to suck him. The scene was the same for Germain and then Walt and Snowman. When she was finished with the fourth blow job, she sat back on her heels and sighed: "Get me a glass of water please."

Tim did that and, when she'd drunk it, pulled her to her feet and the four of them folded their special teacher into a hug. She wiggled for them because there were hands everywhere, or so it seemed.

Then she said in a conspiratorial voice: "This teacher needs to be fucked."

"We can do that," Tim said and they put her down on the carpet.

The first time through with each of them, she fucked them singly but then they were all ready for one last throw and she sat on Walt's cock, had Germain in her mouth and Snowman in her ass. They changed positions frequently, as they fucked her together, and the odd man out got a chance to continually change and join them. They brought Janet to several huge climaxes.

When they were through fucking at last, Janet spoke up: "Swim?"

"Great," they said altogether. She led them to the pool area. The covered pool was next to the house. They were amazed again and first they showered in the outside shower and then they swam and played in the water for a while.

They were lounging after that and Janet asked if they wanted to go to dinner before going back. She took them down the key to a restaurant for fried clams and fries.

She drove them back to the place where they were parked. They all tumbled out of the car and Tim spoke for them:

"Ms Peters, we need you to know how much we appreciate all of your efforts. The chemistry was important to us." Then he hesitated and looked at the other three, who seemed to agree with what he was going to say, continued:

"We want you to know that we understand that what happened today doesn't mean that we have a claim on you. We don't expect to treat you like you belong to us or anything like that. It was a gift that you gave and we all appreciate it. We certainly won't forget it."

"Now you're going to make me cry," Janet said walking to them and giving them all hug.

The outing with the guys made Janet restless. Her thoughts returned to Julie time and time again during the day. She knew that Julie had a game that day and it was normally a 'wipe out' day for her afterward. It was only as she thought about this during the afternoon, finding out that they had won and Julie scored two goals, that Janet made up her mind.

It was already early evening, when Janet finally called Alice.

"Hey, Ali," Janet said, "It's Janet."

"Hi, Janet," she's not here right now just at the library but she will be soon; shall I have her call you?"

"No, Ali, I wanted to talk to you."

"Oh," Ali said.

"Would you mind terribly if I were to drive up tonight?" Janet asked.

"Not at all but you know that she'll be asleep," Ali mentioned.

"I know," Janet said, "I just want to come up and sleep with her."

"You are so good, Janet," Ali said after a few seconds. "Why can't I find someone like you?"

"You will, darlin'," Janet replied. "You're too lovely not to." Then she continued: "So, if it's okay, I'm going to leave now and I'll be there in a few hours."

"Great," Ali said, "She'll go to bed pretty soon after coming home from the library. She's tired. She was spectacular today."

"I know;" Janet said, "I heard; this is my congratulations."

"You rock, girl!" Ali said as she hung up the phone.

Janet quickly packed a small bag and headed for the car to drive to the university. It took her about two hours to get there. When she arrived at their apartment, she called Ali on the phone again to tell her that she was just outside.

"I'll meet you at the door," Ali said.

She opened the door, when Janet knocked softly. Then Ali gave Janet a quick hug.

"You're so nice for doing this for her," Ali said, "It makes me all weepy just to think about it."

She stared at Janet and on impulse, pressed her lips to Janet's in a soft kiss. Janet responded. Ali broke away and said: "I'm so sorry."

"Don't be," Janet replied, "It was nice. Do you mind if I undress in your bathroom? I'm just going to crawl in with her."

"Be my guest," Ali said, as Janet went to the bathroom.

Janet came out a few minutes later carrying her clothes, jeans, sandals, tee shirt, bra and panties, in her hand.

"My look at you!" Ali said and blushed.

Janet smiled at her and brushed her lips again with her own, and went into Julie's room. She just stood for a few seconds looking down at Julie's sprawled figure. She was in bed naked on her stomach with her left leg out as though she were running. Janet smiled and whispered a soft 'Thank you, Lord, for this!' and went to the bed. When she reached the bed she softly and quietly knelt down and planted a light kiss on Julie's upturned ass, just at her ass crack. Julie stirred just a little bit then sunk back into her sleep. Janet grinned and next she kissed the outline of Julie's pussy lips, which she could see because of her splayed legs. Julie stirred again and this time in a warm and sleepy voice she said:

"Ali, what are you doing?"

Janet crawled quickly up the bed and whispered back to her: "I'm making love to my mistress."

Julie's sleepy eyes both opened and she turned over looking at Janet. Janet was just smiling at her.

"Ohhhhhhh," was, at first all that Julie could muster. Then she said, in a drawly, sleepy voice:

"Oh, it's Janet, my Janet, it's you! Here! Oh, and naked! Oh Yes!"

Then the sleepy voice continued: "You are so special; you keep on doing such nice things to me, for me; and here, here you are! All naked and all."

"Doing dirty things to my tired, lovely mistress," Janet said, pressing her lips to Julie's.

"I'm sorry for being so tired," Julie said languidly.

"Then I'll do the work," Janet replied and shifted so that she could lick at and nibble on Julie's ear.

"Oh, yes," she sighed, "It's good to have a slave!"

Then she moved to her side again and grabbed Janet into a huge hug.

"Thank you for coming here; you are the most considerate person I've ever known and you're all mine." Then her head flopped back on the pillow.

Janet licked Julie's lips with her tongue, as Julie just smiled and looked at her with slitted eyes. Then Janet began to work her way down Julie's body. She spent time sucking on each of Julie's large nipples--her breasts were small but firm with really big nipples that stood out almost arrogantly, when aroused.

Janet's tongue then began to trail down across Julie's stomach, reaming her belly button and then licking downward to find the hair of Julie's pussy.

"Ohhhhhhhhh!" Julie moaned, as Janet found the target that she was seeking.

Janet used her hands to separate the folds of Julie's pussy so that she could effectively get her tongue inside of it. This got another groan from Julie and yet another one, when Janet's lips found the nub of Julie's clit.

Janet stayed there and worked Julie's pussy; she slid her hands under Julie's ass and held on to her ass cheeks as she ate her pussy.

Julie's head was slowly rolling from side to side, as she became lost in the treatment that she was receiving. Finally, Julie grabbed Janet by the hair and held her face in place, as she bucked against Janet's lips and came. When she was spent, her head went back to the pillow and she looked over at Janet, who was smiling at her with almost a look of adoration.

Julie spoke sleepily: "Shall I do you now?"

"No, ma'am," Janet said, "Now you sleep; that was my congratulations gesture for you. Just know, before you drift off, that I'm going to be here holding you tonight and that for all the world I love you like life itself."

Julie's smile was almost beatific, as she rolled to her side and let Janet gather her in, spooning into Janet's magnificent tits and against her creamy thighs.

"I'll still be here in the morning," Janet whispered to her.

"Good," was Julie's last comment.

And Janet was.

It was getting light, when the door opened a crack and Julie glanced over to see Ali's face. "Want some coffee?" she asked.

"Not just yet, thanks," Julie said. "She's still sleeping."

"You look so cozy!" Ali said wistfully.

Julie smiled at her and said: "Join us!"

"Me? Now?" Ali said.

"Sure," Julie said. "There's room and it's so warm."

"It certainly looks it," Ali said, as she moved toward the bed.

"Hey," Julie said, looking up, "No clothes in bed in here."

That made Ali giggle, as she removed the sleep shirt she was wearing and her white bikini panties, dropping them to the floor. She settled down in the bed next to Janet.

Janet look over at her and grinned:

"Good for me," she said, "In bed between two gorgeous, naked athletes."

Ali rolled into her on one side and Julie on the other, as the three of them settled down in the bed. They all snoozed for a while then. It was a while later that Julie stretched. She leaned over and kissed Janet, who was smiling over at her. Then Janet looked to the other side of the bed to Ali, who was also smiling. Janet reached over and kissed Ali.

"Good morning you two," she said. "Can this lady take you two athletes out for breakfast?"

"Yes," Julie said, "If you can afford it; we're hungry after a game day."

"Well, you know me," Janet said with a grin, "I'm rich; shower and then go?"

"Shower and then go," Julie said. "Shower and then go," Ali repeated.

"Room for three in the shower?" Janet asked.

"Room for three," Julie said.

They spent a leisurely Sunday. Ali had some studying to do and Janet and Julie took some time then for themselves.

"Thanks for being so nice to Ali," Julie said.

"She's wonderful!" Janet said, "It's so easy to be nice to her."

"No, you're wonderful," Julie said. "Doing things like this. I can't ever tell you how thrilling it was to wake up last night and see you in bed with me. You took my breath away."

"I'm sorry that I have to get back," Janet said with obvious regret.

"I know, love. but I'll plan to come down there soon."
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 15 - Chapter 17 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 16
Posted: November 15, 2009 - 02:40:22 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

"Oh, I hope so.

It was only a short time later that Janet was home and the phone rang. It was Veronica. She was wondering if she could come to see Janet. Janet said 'of course' and asked her to come the next day for lunch. She gave her the address. Janet tried the chat program but Julie wasn't available.

She sent her a long e-mail and felt better when she had. She spent some time in the tower room just thinking. She realized that she did like Win but it was mostly his lovely cock that she liked. He was her own version of Roger Savage. It helped to clear her mind a bit as she went to bed.

She was ready for Veronica, when she came the next day. The property had a gate with a call box. She buzzed Veronica in and was waiting for her outside, as she pulled up.Veronica got out and Janet went to her immediately.

She gave Veronica a hug and sighed saying: "Oh, Veronica, I owe you an apology. I got so angry that I could hardly think straight."

"Apology my foot!" Veronica said. "He deserved that; I've put up with his attitude for so long. It was good to see you stand up to him like that."

Veronica broke off the conversation then, as she looked around the house. "Are you, um, house sitting here? Or renting for the season?"

Janet smiled and said simply: "No, actually it's my home."

"Oh my," was all that Veronica could manage to that. They went inside and sat and had a cup of tea before lunch.

Janet asked if she might give Veronica a tour of the place. They went around inspecting the nooks and crannies and Veronica 'oohed and ahhed' at about everything. They sat to lunch, and Janet explained to Veronica that she was Cal Reynolds' niece and heir.

"Oh,"Veronica said, "I've heard of him and you mean that you've inherited all of that?"

Janet smiled and shook her head 'yes'.

"Wow!" was Veronica's next simple statement. "It's such a gorgeous house."

"Yes," Janet said, "It is."

They lounged about for a while, and looked out over the Gulf from the raised screen house. It was a lovely day for it.

Janet turned to Veronica and asked: "Hey, would you like to swim a little; I mean in the pool?"

Veronica said: "I'd love to but I didn't even think to bring a suit."

Janet laughed. "Then fine," she said, smiling at the other woman, "It's only the two of us girls. The gate is closed and secure. Why don't we just take off our clothes and swim that way?" Veronica giggled at the suggestion but in the end they agreed to it.

Janet led her guest to the room off of the screened pool. Trying to make Veronica feel at home, Janet shed her clothes first, and stood. now naked, waiting for Veronica.

Veronica looked at Janet as she struggled with her own clothes. "I can certainly see why Win likes you; you're just gorgeous."

Janet blushed and said "Thank you."

Then Veronica was naked too. She was shorter than Janet and more slightly built. Her tits were smaller too but with large dark nipples. She had dark hair and a dark, curly pussy bush, and her ass was nice and round.

"My, my, I bet you drove the boys wild." Janet said smiling.

Then they both went to the pool and jumped in. They swam for a while and then got out. Janet showed Veronica where the showers were. There were three of them in the room adjacent to the pool. They showered and met again at the edge of the pool and sat at a table wearing only towels. Janet went to get them something to drink.

As they sat, letting their hair dry, Veronica picked up their former conversation again: "Did you really mean those things that you said last night?"

"Um, which part?" Janet wanted to know.

"Oh you know," Veronica stammered, "I mean the sexual things."

Then Veronica hastily continued, as though embarrassed. "Please don't think I'm rude for bringing it up. I'm just ... uh ... curious."

Janet colored just a bit and said: "Well, yes, I did; all of it."

"Oh my," Veronica said again. "That sounds so ... um ... far out, I mean the spanking and all."

Janet smiled at Veronica and decided to be straight with her: "I find it stimulating," she said simply.

"Ohh, I've never even thought of it. I don't know that I could ever ask Dan for something like that. I don't know what he'd say or do."

Janet smiled at Veronica and said: "Now don' get the wrong impression but if you want to see what it's like, I'll do it for you."

Veronica paled and didn't say anything right away. "Okay," she finally managed. "Will you really, uh, really spank me?"

Janet grinned, "Yes, girl friend to girl friend but with one proviso."

"What is that, "Veronica wanted to know.

"That you have to spank me, after I do you."

At that Veronica grinned, and said: "Deal."

"What do we do then?" Veronica wanted to know.

"Well, first," Janet said, "Let's go inside."

There was a kind of family room on the pool level. They went in and Janet said to Veronica, who was still wearing a towel: "Veronica, I need to tell you that for some people, like me, spanking is a true turn on. For many it's just pain. When I do this, if it turns you on, I want you to know that I'm not trying anything sexually inappropriate with you."

"Ohh," Veroncia said, "But do you, um, like girls?"

Janet smiled. Again, she was honest: "Oh, yes, I certainly do. But let's see here. If it's turning you on and you want me to stop, just say the word 'please.' If it's hurting too much and you want me to stop, just say 'stop.' Okay?"

"Sounds fine to me," Veronica replied, "Now, what do I do?"

"Well," Janet said, "There are two ways to do this. You can lie over my lap for the spanking or you can just bend from the waist. I will say that to me, lying over some one's lap is kind of more personal; I find it more intimate. Doing it bending over implies, more of a dom sub relationship. At least that's the way I see it."

Veronica blushed.

Janet noticed. "Oh, please, Veronica," Janet almost pleaded, "I didn't mean to say anything that would make you uncomfortable. I'm really sorry..."

Before Janet could say anything else, Veronica let go of her towel, standing now again naked in front of Janet and said: "Spank me, please."

Janet grinned and sat in a hard chair. Veronica with no further hesitation went to Janet and lay down across her lap.

"Ohhhhh, this feels nice,"Janet said.

She first rubbed her hand across Veronica's ass cheeks. She rubbed slowly, covering all the territory of Veronica's ass as she did.

"What special word do I use, if I like it and want you to continue?" Veronica said.

Janet replied to her, beginning now to push her hand and fingers into the space between Veronica's ass cheeks: "Just say, 'Oh, Janet, ', and I'll know."

Then without any further hesitation Janet slapped Veronica's left ass cheek. The sound of the spank was loud and reverberated in the room. Veronica just grunted. Janet took some time again to rub her hand across Veronica's lovely ass cheek. She circled the entire ass and then pushed her fingers into the space between Veronica's ass cheeks again. Veronica grunted a bit then, as Janet reached her goal by putting her finger against and then into Veronica's asshole.

"Oh, Janet," Veronica suddenly said.

Janet smiled and went back to spanking Veronica. She alternated ass cheeks but kept the rain of blows falling on the supine woman's lovely up-turned ass. Veronica was grunting and groaning now due to the spanking. Janet was enjoying the sound that Veronica was making and also the feel of her hand hitting Veronica's ass cheeks.

"Ohhhhh, Janet," Veronica crooned, "I can't believe the way this feels."

Janet stopped and began to rub Veronica's ass in the same way again, and again ended with her fingers invading Veronica's asshole. Then using her other hand, Janet reached down between Veronica's thighs and put a finger into Veronica's pussy.

The next sound from Veronica was 'Ohhhhhhhhh, Janet!"

Then Janet stopped. And pulled Veronica to an upright position. With no hesitation, Veronica grabbed Janet and kissed her. The kiss turned out to be a long, wet, sloppy one using tongues and lips and teeth and spit. When they broke the kiss., Janet caressed Veronica's face and said: "Now me."

"Love to," Veronica said.

Veronica settled herself on the chair and then Janet draped her naked body over Veronica's knees.

"Mmmm," Veronica sighed, "What a lovely sight; I've never done anything like this before. I'm almost afraid to start."

Then Veronica hesitated a moment as Janet looked up at the woman, who was now towering above her and rubbing her naked ass cheeks.

"So, Janet, you really like this, do you?"

"Yes," Janet answered simply, "I do."

Veronica smiled and it was an almost predatory smile: "Then I think you should ask me nicely for it; don't you?"

Janet gave Veronica a strange look, one that said that she hadn't expected for things to go this way, and didn't mind at all.

She said: "Please, Veronica, please, I really like some pain; I do honest; please spank my ass."

"Oh," Veronica replied, "In that case, with you being so polite, I will."

Veronica slapped Janet's ass. The sound was a loud one, since she'd hit her hard. It resounded around the room. Veronica was thrilled.

"That felt wonderful," she almost crowed.

Janet sighed a great sigh as Veronica hit her again. Veronica was laughing now with the joy of the feeling, and the blows on Janet's unprotected ass were getting harder and harder. Janet was groaning and moaning now with the treatment. Finally, Veronica stopped and let Janet down off of her lap. The two of them embraced for a minute or two. Both were trembling with the effort.

Janet brought them drinks and they settled with their drinks. Veronica seemed restless.

Janet noted it and asked: "So, you liked all that? Did you?"

"Oh, yes," Veronica said, "It was totally new for me. But..."

Then she hesitated but Janet took up her train of thought: "But what?"

"You're going to think I'm terrible," Veronica said.

"No, I'm not," Janet returned. "We're sitting here naked and not ashamed and we're having a good time. What's the problem?"

Veronica colored again and said finally: "I was just wondering if there is more?" She giggled, when she asked it.

Janet laughed: "You really are enjoying this, aren't you?

"Oh, yes, I am," was Veronica's reply. "No one's ever taken the time to show me, you know, sexual things like this before."

"Hmmm," Janet smiled, "And you're such a willing pupil."

"I guess I am," was Veronica's reply.

"But next?" mused Janet, "Depends on what part you like best."

"Hmm, best; I really, really liked the sight of your naked ass across my lap. That was a turn on. But being over your lap, waiting for a spanking, that made me downright wet."

"Ohhhh," Janet smiled. "Then let's do something more."

"Ohhhhh," Veronica moaned.

"Excuse me for a minute," Janet said, "I have to get a few things."

Janet came back quickly with a role of duct tape. Veronica looked at her with wide eyes and said softly: "What?"

But Janet's answer was a quiet but insistent "Shhhh". Veronica became quiet and only watched.

Janet ordered the slimmer woman to turn around and put her hands behind her back. Veronica did it and, as soon as Janet began to tape her wrists together, she let out a long "Ohhhhhhh."

"You'll like this," Janet assured her, once her hands and arms were bound. "I'd put a gag in your mouth," Janet said, "but I want to hear you."

Janet then produced a rope and wrapped it around both of Veronica's ankles. She tied it off in such a way that she was holding the end of the rope and Veronica had to just barely stumble to walk. Janet led Veronica stumbling to a hassock in the middle of the room. With a hand in the middle of her back and pressure, Janet got Veronica draped over the hassock. She removed the rope and spread Veronica's legs wide apart.

"Are you ready?" Janet wanted to know.

"I'm not sure but please don't stop now," was Veronica's answer.

Janet started slowly merely running her hand over Veronica's ass cheeks. Gradually she worked a hand in between those cheeks and started to get moans from the supine woman. Also gradually but continually Janet's fingers began to steal toward Veronica's exposed asshole.

The moans from Veronica were getting louder now. Janet plunged a finger into Veronica's asshole getting a bucking response from her; one that was automatic. Then the other hand began to steal toward Veronica's pussy. The moans increased. The procedure at Veronica's pussy was the same as the asshole, with a finger eventually doing its work inside.

Then Janet removed her hands and leaned her body down so that it was pressing down on Veronica's.

She whispered into Veronica's ear: "Now, Veronica, now."

Then with one short but sharp slap to Veronica's naked ass, Janet ran her tongue up and down Veronica's ass cheeks, wiggling it into the space between them.

Veronica's immediate response was a loud: "Ohhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhh! No one has ever..."

Janet raised her head and laughed saying: "I know."

Then her head and her tongue went back to licking at Veronica's asshole. Janet moved lower and, raising Veronica's ass up in the air a bit, applied her tongue to Veronica's pussy. She darted the tongue in and out of Veronica's pussy and used a finger still in her asshole. Veronica was grunt and groaning now abandoned to pleasure. Janet's tongue found Veronica's clit and began to rasp against it. She inserted a second finger into Veronica's asshole at the same time as she got the clit between her lips and began to suck. Veronica exploded with her orgasm. She bucked and pumped her hips against Janet's face and simple screamed herself through the orgasm.

Janet removed the tape from Veronica's hands and arms. As soon as she was free, Veronica launched herself at Janet. She held her and sought out her lips in an almost desperate kiss. Janet kissed her back and hauled her into a hug, as Veronica began to cry.

"No one," she said, "No one has ever taken the time or the effort or the care, to make me feel that way."

She settled into her sobbing on Janet's shoulder.

"I know what we need now," Janet said brightly. "How 'bout if we shower and then we go down the key for lunch; my treat."

Veronica smiled through tears: "A shower sounds wonderful. Do you want first or second?"

"We shower together, silly," Janet smiled.

"Ohh," Veronica said, "I'm learning so many new things."

That evening Janet prepared herself carefully for her chat with Julie. She was excited, as always. Julie's schedule was sufficiently crowded and difficult that they only got random chances to talk to one another. Tonight was their night.

Janet wore just a pair of beige, transparent panties for the event. She put on one of the slave collars that Julie liked her to wear. Then she stood in front of the mirror in her bathroom and, with a tube of lipstick, wrote the phrase 'Julie's Sex Slave Bitch' on her chest just above her tits and just below. It made her smile.

Julie was there, when Janet rang on. Janet stood in front of the computer so that Julie could see her.

"Ohhhhh, shiiit," Julie said in a low voice. "You are so fucking hot. I've missed you terribly."

Janet smiled and said: "I'm glad that I please you, mistress, I'm glad you're coming to see me soon."

Just then Janet heard a voice enter the room with Julie.

Julie turned to Janet and said: "Sit down at your desk for a minute, puss."

Janet sat. Now only her head from the neck up could be seen due to the camera angle. She heard Julie tell the visitor, Sandy, that she was talking on the computer with her high school chemistry teacher.

"Really?" Sandy said. She was obviously shocked. Then Julie invited Sandy to come over and say 'hello' to Ms. Janet Peters.

Janet saw Sandy's face in the computer near Julie's.

Sandy said: "Ms. Peters, nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you too, Miss Sandy," Janet said.

Julie grinned at Janet, who knew what was coming. She said to her former teacher: "Now, Ms. Peters, stand up."

Janet stood up and Sandy let out a kind of scream. "Jules," she said, "You're fucking kidding me."

"Am I," Julie said calmly, "Then look again."

Sandy stared at Janet now. "Turn and display yourself," Julie demanded.

Janet slowly turned around to show her body to the two girls.

"Take off your panties," Julie then said.

Janet complied immediately. She put her thumbs inside the waist band of her panties and pushed them down past her hips and ass and off. Now she stood naked for the girls.

"Nice, eh?" Julie smiled. "Nice is a lame word for it," Sandy said, "Fucking amazing, is the way I'd say it."

Julie turned to Sandy then and said: "You don't mind, do you? She and I have some things to discuss.

Sandy waved to Janet, saying: "Nice to meet you, Ms. Peters; or what shall I call you? Janet, Ms. Peters, slut?" Sandy was grinning, when she said this.

"Call me whatever my mistress says is appropriate," Janet answered simply.

"Wow!" was Sandy's only reply.

"Thank you," Julie said to Janet.

"No, thank you, Mistress," Janet hastily added. "I'm so happy that you're proud of me. I miss you so."

"I miss you too, puss," Julie continued, "I don't know whether I want to go to bed and hold onto your or do some dirty and painful things to you more."

"Ohhh," Janet kind of sighed, "I hope both," the former teacher said.

It made Julie laughed: "Janet, Janet," Julie continued in her laughter, "You're the real deal."

They went on to discuss what they were each doing. Janet told her of the encounter with Veronica.

"Sounds just exploratory to me," Julie said.

After they talked a bit, Julie said that it was getting late and Sandy was coming back. When Sandy came back into the room. Julie started to give Janet some instructions. She told her about an adult book store near Ft. Myers that had a good reputation. She told Janet to go there and, in anticipation of Julie's visit to Florida, to purchase a number of items: a vibrator for her pussy and one for her ass, nipple clamps on a link together chain, a ass hook with a chain, a pair of cuffs that could be linked together by a chain, a ball gag and a mouth spreader to keep Janet's mouth open for face fucking.

Janet was writing all of it down. "Do you have a supply of white, nylon bikini panties?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said.

"What?" Sandy asked.

"It's what I prefer her to wear, when we have a pain session."

"Oh, shit," Sandy moaned.

"Yes, we tend to destroy them with our pain play. Also," Julie continued talking to Janet, "If the place has a gory hole setup, I want you to use it, and do some cock sucking there."

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said.

"Plus," Julie said next, "If the place has an adult theater, and I hear it does, I want you to go there too, and make yourself available to any of the men or women who might be there."

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said.

Julie finished: "How does this list make you feel?"

"It excites me that you have such plans for me; I will not let you down in this. I'll get these items and report to you my experiences."

"Are you happy, puss?" Julie wanted to know.

"I am always happy, when I'm dealing with you," Janet said, and she knew that she meant it.

"Good, then one last thing."

"Yes, ma'am?" Janet answered. "Sit in the chair facing the computer, and play with yourself to orgasm, while we watch."

"With pleasure," Janet said, smiling.

She heard Julie chuckle and then heard Sandy moan, as she began to manipulate herself. They were pleased. She settled by the computer with a foot on each side of the desk. She reached up and began to play with a nipple, still displaying the sign written on her upper chest and stomach that proclaimed her Julie's property, her sex slave. She let her fingers rummage around near her pussy, while she continued to now squeeze and pinch her nipples.

She then played with herself in earnest, letting her hands roam up and down the inner sides of her spread thighs first and only then did she reach for her pussy with her fingers. She moved up on the chair so that she could extend a hand and begin to insert a finger and then two into her asshole. This also had Sandy moaning over the computer.

Julie was still chuckling and saying: "Janet, my love, you are the fucking end! That's all, the fucking end."

"Only for you; only for you," Janet panted in return.

Then she began to rub her pussy and finger her cunt for the entertainment of the two girls. After Janet had come loudly for them, Julie said it was time for curfew.

"But I will see you next week," she said finally.

"I am counting the days, and will pick you up." Janet said.

"I'm looking forward to seeing your new Florida home. Good night, teacher!"

"Good night, darling mistress," Janet answered as she stood naked and waved to her via the computer.

Janet spent the rest of her evening in the upper screen room listening and watching, at least while it was light. She sat listening to the surf and thinking about the strange direction of her life. She was overwhelmed by the thought of how content she had become. She did regret Noel leaving, she knew that but the way her relationship with Julie had blossomed pleased her, just downright pleased her. She had a glass of wine and went to bed relatively early.

The next day she had an early phone call from Edward Trailer about the wrap up of her uncle's affairs. He expressed his apologies for taking such a time to get things straightened out but also told her that the affairs left by her uncle were very complicated. The kind of liquidation that he had originally mentioned had now been done. The Wisconsin properties had been sold and Janet was in what he called a very nice liquid position. He said that he'd have more to talk to her about, in terms of investments, in the not too distant future.

"I did the kind of searching that needs to be done to close these affairs and found something that did come as a surprise," he continued.

"Oh, what is that?" Janet wanted to know.

"Well," he then said "It seems as though there is also an apartment in Rome. Quite a nice one from what I gather."

Janet was silent and then she began to cry.

"I'm so sorry, Mr. Trailer," she hastened to say. "It's just that I did love him but he was always, always so busy, and now I've lost him and all these things don't make up for that at all. Oh, I don't mean to sound ungrateful for the way he has taken care of me. Not at all but I miss the thought of his being around. It was only the two of us left. But thank you for your care about this. The timing is of no importance at all. Would you please send me the information you have about the apartment, did you say in Rome?"

"Yes, that's correct. You should probably make an effort in the not too distant future to go and see it; I think."

"Yes, I certainly will, and is it possible to use the same travel group that you recommended to me already?"

"I'm sure they will be happy to work with you."

"Mr. Trailer, thank you for being so nice and thorough for me; I'm sure I don't deserve it."

"Well," he said with a smile in his voice, "I'm just as sure that you do. And, by the way, a message for you from your friend Mr. D. He asks about you and would like to have dinner with you in the near future; if it's possible."

Janet was pleased about that. "I think that would be nice," she said. "Would you please send me his number so that I can contact him?"

"He said that he'd contact you."

"Oh, then fine," she concluded. "If you have a moment, I do have one more issue."

Janet then spoke to him about the grounds and the fact that she was really sure that someone needed to be hired to take care of the grounds and all the maintenance chores.

"You are certainly right about that," he said. "I have already had a inventory done, prior to your going down there, of the tools and have a note to send to you about what needs to be replaced. Do you have someone in mind?" He wanted to know then.

"Yes, I do." She told him Win's name and he said that he thought it would be fine but he'd be back in touch with her that day about it. He said that he'd send her an e-mail with the list of items that needed replacing. He noted to her that such a list would certainly need to contain a vehicle for the Florida estate that the maintenance person would take care of. Janet was pleased that he agreed with her, and she thanked him profusely. He indicated to her that the final property in Wisconsin had indeed been sold and he had added the $435,000 to her account. And that she needed to think about investing it, and that they'd speak about it soon, once she had time to think.

It was a short time later that she had a call from Elena at the realty office. Janet wanted to know if Elena and she could meet for coffee. Elena said that she could. They decided to meet at a coffee bar in the town in a half hour. After that Elena had a house to show.

Elena was well turned out, when Janet got to the coffee bar. Janet wore a simple skirt and blouse with heeled sandals.

"My my," Elena said, when Janet sat down, "You look good enough to eat!" Janet blushed. "I don't normally do women," Elena said but I'm thinking of making an exception with you.

Janet smiled at that and said: "Remember by invitation to you and your pj's."

"Oh, I remember all right. But tell me, is your main squeeze coming down next week before her school starts?"

"Yes, she is and it will be a huge treat for me."

"Well, you certainly say that like you mean it," Elena smiled, when she said it. "But," Elena continued, "There's something that I want to talk to you about."

"Good," Janet said, "There's something that I want to talk to you about also; it's sort of surprise news. But tell me what you want to talk about."

Elena said: "Well, we're looking for a new office manager at the office. You don't need to know the realty business but could get a license and it would help. But I thought you'd be perfect for it. You do need to do something, you know."

Janet thought and said: "You know, I think you're right; I should get out and get something to take up some of my time, and meet some people. I get lonely here."

"Then why not come over this afternoon to talk to Mr. Mars the owner. He sounded excited about the possibility of you're joining us."

"Oh, what time?" Janet wanted to know. "How about 2:00 PM?"

"Great," Janet said with enthusiasm.

"Wait and I'll call him now." Elena made the call and told "Jake" that Janet could meet him this afternoon at 2 PM.

Then it was set. Elena then leaned in to Janet and said: "You don't have to have sex with him, he's a geezer, but looking sexy won't hurt at all."

Janet grinned: "I can do that."

"But," Elena then continued, "What is your surprise news?"

"I, uh, talked with my lawyer this morning and he tells me that things are finally clear about all of my uncle's holdings. The big surprise is that I now own an apartment in Rome."

"Eeeeek!" Elena almost yelled."How perfectly cool is that? When are you going?"

"Oh pretty soon, I guess; I do need to see what it's like."

Elena looked at her watch then and said that she had to go.

Janet grinned at her and said: "You go out ahead of me; I want to watch your ass as you walk!"

Elena grinned then too: "You're incorrigible!"

"You just bring out the best in me," was Janet's reply, as the left the table.

Elena did swing her ass a good deal as they walked to the door. Just as the door closed on them, and before anyone could see, Janet put her hand on Elena's ass, causing her to 'yip' and jump. Janet laughed, as they hugged and left each other until that afternoon.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 17 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 16 - Chapter 18 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 17
Posted: November 16, 2009 - 08:37:21 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Janet was there are ready by 1:50 PM. She took Elena's advice and dressed in a relatively short pleated skirt and a blouse with just enough buttons unbuttoned to suggest cleavage. She wanted to be sexy but in an understated way until she met Mr. Mars, the owner.

It was the kind of job that Janet did right out of college, before she taught. Just looking around the office showed her that they did indeed need a manager. Elena winked at her, when she was called in to see the boss. Janet smiled at her friend.

Mr. Mars, who was almost 70, looked it. He was a distinguished looking man but Janet noticed an unmistakeable gleam in his eye, when he saw her in her short skirt. He stood and extended his hand and said: "Welcome, Ms. Peters."

They sat and talked preliminaries for a moment or two then they went over the general job description, though Janet realized that it had been made up by someone who didn't know what the office manager's job would entail.

As they talked, Janet subtly shifted in her chair. She knew that it would cause her skirt to hike up a little but still within the boundaries of propriety.

"This was all I'll give the old man," she thought.

Mr. Mars got the gleam in his eye again and said to her in an insinuating tone of voice; "Well, young lady, if you hope to get this job by flashing your thigh at me, you are sadly mistaken."

Janet knew in an instant that he'd said it to get her at a disadvantage. She got a bit angry and decided on a bit of offense.

She stood and said to him: "This interview is over."

He was rather wide eyed at her pronouncement.

"Look at my resume; I've done this kind of job; I'm qualified. Your office is in need of a manager to make it work better and be more productive."

Then she stalked toward him and said in a low but angry voice: "And, Mr. Mars, it's Ms. Peters or even Janet, and not 'young lady.' Besides, sir, if I'd wanted to 'flash some thigh' as you put it, I'd just do so."

Then to his utter and complete amazement, for he was still trying to recover his equilibrium from her outburst, to his utter amazement, she grabbed the hem of her skirt, as she talked and pulled it to her waist. She was now showing him her thigh high stockings, and a pair of lovely purple bikini panties. They were completely transparent, giving him a view of her pussy and then, as she turned around, a view of her ass. She pulled down her skirt, spun on her heels and stalked towards the door.

Before she reached the door, he piped up: "Okay, I'm sorry, and you can have the job at $35,000 a year."

She shot back at him, realizing in the process that she actually liked the old devil: "You advertised $40,000 and I have the experience."

He gave her his evil grin again and said: "Uh, Ms. Peters, Janet, if you flash your panties again then it will be $40,000."

She grinned back at him now; she knew she had him, and he did also.She said sweetly: "If I flash my panties at you again, Mr. Mars, it will be $50,000 and it will only be from here across the room. It won't be from up close and personal."

He growled at her: "Bitch," in a soft voice.

She kept smiling and said back to him: "I am that, sir. I am that."

That brought a smile to his face and he held out his hand, saying: "You've got a deal at $40,000; welcome."

She shook his hand and smiled at him. When she was close, he then whispered: "And thank you for making an old man's day!"

Janet put her hands on his shoulder and gave him a kiss on the cheek. They agreed that she'd start the following Monday. She went to the door, and had a wicked notion herself. She turned to him and said: "Oh and, Mr. Mars," he looked up I time to see her lift her skirt again, and this time pull down her panties to her knees. She stood there with her curly pussy showing and then turned around. She thoroughly enjoyed the shocked look on his face.

Afterward she had a cup of coffee and a giggle with Elena about her interview.

"You are so brazen," Elena said.

"Brazen, maybe," she replied. "I just like to be noticed."

Elena laughed and said: "I'll come to your house and notice you."

Janet gave Elena an air kiss over her lips and said: "You do that, and don't forget your pjs." They both laughed at that.

That night was her night to have Win over to supper at her place. She spent the rest of the afternoon getting ready for it. Janet was genuinely pleased to see him that night. He was prepared for the lavishness of Janet's home, having spoken first to his sister obviously.

She met him at the door dressed in a pair of white lycra peddle pusher type pants and an over blouse of scarlet silk.

"My, my," he said smiling, "Don't you look good."

"Thank you, Win," she said with pleasure, folding herself into his arms for a welcome kiss.

They had a glass of wine before settling into dinner. I twas then that Janet proposed to talk to him about the job that she had I mind.

Over the wine, she said to him: "Win, I want to ask you a question."

"Sure," was his quick answer.

"Now this is not really a matter of me being nosy," she continued, "I do have a real reason. But I want to ask you how much they pay you at the school."

"Hmmm," he smiled at her, "Very personal." But then he answered, "$35,000 a year; why do you ask?" He said the last in a rather suspicious way.

"Well, it's like this," she said, "I've been talking to my lawyer and we both agree that I need someone to take care of this place; I mean the outside work of trimming and cutting etc and all the maintenance. And I was, we were wondering if you'd be interested in that?"

He just stared at her for a moment.

"Oh," she quickly continued, "And the salary would be $50,000 a year."

"You're kidding me, right?" He said and was a little incredulous.

"No," she assured him, "No, I'm not."

He broke into smile at that point, and told her that he'd love to do it. They embraced then. She was filled with relief and he was just as pleased as possible about the possibility. They spoke of the detail over dinner. She went over the list that she and Edward Trailer had made up. They agreed that he'd contact the lawyer with whatever information he would need. By dessert they were comfortably into what the job would entail and agreed on a starting date and also on a shopping trip for a truck for the property manager. It went wonderfully.

It was then that Win said to her that there was one more thing that he really needed to tell her. Janet waited but wasn't really prepared for what he was about to say. He told her simply that if he were going to work for her, then he didn't see it possible for him to have sex with his employer.

Janet was at first surprised but as she thought about him and what he was like, less and less so as she sat there.

"I'm sorry, really sorry," he said.

"Oh, Win," she said back to him. "I know that, and it's just not a problem."

It became a little awkward at that point but she was determined that it wouldn't cause a rift in their friendship. They decided, before he left, that they'd get together two days from then to work on sorting through the machines that were currently in the maintenance shed. Then they went to look over the estate manager's home out nearer to the gate. Win was just afire with the possibility of the job and living there. That in and of itself made Janet happy. But, when he left, she felt a little let down, lonely.

As if on key, she had a chat call from Julie that night. Janet was overjoyed to be in touch with her again.

"What a joy to see you, darling Mistress," she said with enthusiasm.

"Puss, it does my heart good to see you too," Julie answered. But she seemed really tired.

Janet noted that and asked: "But what's wrong? Is something wrong?"

Julie smiled at Janet and said: "I'm tired; actually I'm way beyond tired, and lonely I guess." Then she hesitated: "And you're in Florida," she continued, "And I don't like that."

"Ohhhhh, mistress," Janet crooned back to her. "I will come to you tomorrow, if you need me to." Julie smiled: "Would you really, Janet?"

"Of course," Janet said, "I can call for reservations immediately."

Julie smiled: "You are so good for my ego, puss, my puss. I guess that part of my loneliness is a sense of, I don't know, my not having you; I mean having you right here and right now. Having you to be with, and play with and do all those wonderful dirty things that occupy our time together." Julie sighed at the computer screen and said seriously: "Janet, my Janet, I just don't want to lose you."

Then Janet was crying: "No, no," she said earnestly, "That's not going to happen."

"Please don't cry, puss, my puss," Julie said. "I didn't contact you to make you sad. And you don't have to rush up here tonight or tomorrow. I will be there in a few days and see your Florida castle, and sleep with touching you and probably leave teeth marks on your ass."

"Oh, will you please?" Janet rhapsodized.

"I'm just tired," Julie said. "Hard work outs. I'm surprised that we get any time off before school and all the season thing starts but I'm looking forward to it. So, what's your news?"

Janet stood before she spoke of events with her and removed her silk shirt and then also removed her lycra pants. She smiled at Julie's image on the computer, and twirled around to show Julie that she was wearing only a pair of pearl white bikini panties now.

"Very nice, puss," Julie said smiling.

Then Janet settled down a bit and told Julie about hiring Win as the estate person for the Florida property. Then about his living in the care taker's house, and finally about his decision to not sleep with the boss.

"Wow!" Julie said, "He really is a man of principle."

"Yes, he is" Janet said. "I'll miss him that way but it's what he wants."

Then Janet told Julie about her new job, which she was beginning the next Monday at the realty office. She told her about the interview and they both had a giggle about that. Julie wanted to know if Janet had gotten the things that she required her to get at the adult store in Fr. Myers. Janet got red and admitted that she had not but was really going there tomorrow.

Julie grinned and said with some relish: "You'll have to be spanked for that lapse, sweet cheeks."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said.

Julie was going to ring off then but Janet piped up: "Oh, I almost forgot the main news. Mr. Trailer, the lawyer from Wisconsin and I talked about the wrap up of my uncle's affairs. It seems that I own an apartment in Rome."

"Far out," Julie said. "Maybe we need to visit."

"Oh, I'd love to plan that," Janet said.

"By the way," Julie continued, "I may need a new bathing suit for my Florida visit."

"Oh, good," Janet said, "We can go shopping, when you get here."

Then Julie got serious and said: "Janet, I do love you, and I miss you."

"I love you too," Janet said, "Please come down here soon."

"Next week," was Julie's reply as she kissed at the screen and logged off.

Janet left early the next morning. She had a kind of sense of adventure on her trip to Ft. Myers. She was feeling the old combination of anxiety and sexual turn on. She knew that things were going to happen. She knew what Julie's instructions were for her at the adult book store at Ft. Myers.

She thought about it throughout the drive and relished it. She had dressed carefully for the day. She decided on a yellow sun dress. It was a simple one but it emphasized her figure. It was tight enough that she didn't wear a bra with it. Because of that it let her large nipples show as they poked out against the fabric. Due to the color, it was, however, necessary to really look for the impression of the nipples to see them. But once you did, you couldn't not see them. She finished this off with pair of yellow bikini panties, and heeled sandals. She was pleased with the way she looked and thought that Julie would probably like it.

She found the place with no trouble and parked in the back lot. This was where she knew she'd become nervous, and she did. She didn't really know what to expect inside. She didn't have that much experience with adult book stores, and her previous experience had been mind bending. She held her breath finally and plunged ahead, going on inside.

To her complete and sudden surprise, she was greeted by the lilting voice of an old woman, who was taking care of the shop. It set her more at ease immediately, especially when the woman kept calling her 'honey.' She went to the counter and, smiling her best smile, said: "Uh ... I need to buy some things."

"Why, honey," the old woman crooned at Janet, "There's no reason at all to be nervous about coming in here to buy special things. Did your husband or boy friend tell you what to buy?"

"Uh, no," Janet said, getting nervous again, "My, uh, mistress did."

The woman gushed again: "Honey, that's just fine; you tell me or show me what your mistress wants for you to buy, and let me say that she must be a really luck lady!"

Janet smiled, got red in the face and said: "Thank you, ma'am."

"Oh, how polite; very, very nice," was the woman's next comment.

Janet smiled and said: "It's really I who am the lucky one,"

"How nice of you to say so," the woman replied.

Janet continued: "I was her high school chemistry teacher, and she, um, she seduced me and made me her sex slave."

"Well, then she is lucking indeed," the woman grinned at the last.

Janet gave her the list of all the things that Julie wanted Janet to buy. "Well, well," the woman now said, "A fairly complete list. But I think you will want to have a riding crop also, unless you already have one."

"Thank you for the suggestion," Janet said, "Can you give me one of those also?"

"Certainly, honey," the woman said. "We'll check them out to select one that works for you."

"Fine," Janet said, realizing full well that the woman might just use the crop on her. It increased the sense of heat between her thighs.

"There are a few more things," Janet told her.

"Yes?" the woman asked, smiling at Janet. She was certainly setting Janet at ease.

"Well," Janet continued, "My mistress wants me to take advantage of the glory holes, if you have them."

The woman laughed, "What a delightful request; yes, we have them and I'll show you where they are. But anything else?"

"Yes, ma'am, " Janet said, she had now sunk into her submissive mode with this warm feeling woman. "My mistress wants me to go to your adult theater for an experience there."

"My, my," the smiling woman said,"She certainly thinks of everything. Now you come with me and I'll get all of this stuff together for you. I just want you to enjoy yourself here."

"Thank you, ma'am." She came from behind the counter and told Janet to go to the right and through a door. Janet went on ahead of her. She could feel the woman's eyes on her back and ass.

"You certainly seem to have a lovely body, and an ass that is marvelous."

"Thank you, ma'am," Janet said quietly.

"Are you wearing panties today?" the woman wanted to know.

Janet stopped then and pulled the hem of her dress up so that it rode around her waist, showing off her ass cheeks encased in a pair of yellow bikini panties.

"Very, very nice," the woman said, and slapped Janet's ass, as she said it.

"Ohhhhh," was Janet's breathless reply.

The woman chuckled: "There are a couple crops that I have in mind for you; we'll maybe test them later on that magnificent ass but here we are."

Her words gave Janet just a bit of a jolt, coming from such a nice older lady. They seemed out of sync but they certainly carried some heat. Janet was almost mesmerized by the words.

She had to be told: "Put your dress down now, love; we're here."

"Oh, yes, sorry, ma'am," was Janet's reply.

Then she opened a door. It was the door to a small booth. You reached it by going through a passageway behind the counter. It seems that on either side of the booth was a small room. There was a stool in the booth and on either side of the stool, in the wall to the left and to the right were holes in the wall. Janet just gaped at it for a moment. Janet thought a moment and then grinned broadly; it was a kind of introspective 'I know something' grin.

The woman smiled at Janet and said: "What is it, love?"

Janet turned to her and said: "Well, it's the knowledge that in here; I mean, when I go in here, I am only one thing, you know?"

The woman nodded her head at Janet and asked: "And what is that?"

"In here I am only a cock sucker; nothing more. The men who approach the wall and these holes don't care about anything else for the moment. That is such a lovely, dirty thought."

"Yes, it is," the woman said, stroking Janet's face, while she said it.

Then she continued and said to Janet: "When you go in, just turn on the red switch. It tells patrons that a woman is in the booth. They can't get to you; they can only stick a cock through the hole to be played with and sucked. Do you like that?"

"Oh, yes, I do," Janet fairly rhapsodized. "I really like sucking; I really do."

"Hmm," the woman said, "Lovely. Have a good time. Remember the red switch; the blue one would tell the patrons that a man is in the booth."

"Ah, I see," said Janet. The woman left her then. Janet smiled again as she settled onto the stool; this was so dirty and decadent that she was going to enjoy it immensely. She thought of Julie just then and narrowly avoided the impulse to call her on the cell phone. Then she settled down on the stool and flipped the red switch.

That switch did its job; it announced to the establishment that a woman was in the cock sucker's booth. Janet was in a kind of a sexual zone, the place that she would go now and then and become the submissive part of her that she enjoyed so much. But her reverie didn't last long.

She heard a gruff voice but didn't catch what the man said. But then a fairly thin, but fairly long stiff prick came through the hole on her right. Janet looked at it for a second.

Then the voice, clear now, rasped: "Suck it, bitch."

Janet took hold of the stiff prick and felt along the length of it slowly. The man was breathing hard out there now. Janet was in control in the booth and loving it. She was at eye level with the hole that had the prick coming through it. She barely had to lean forward at all to plant her lips on the head of the cock. This got a sigh from the man on the other side of the wall.

Then Janet took the head of the cock in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the head and sucked on the under side of the head. The man was moaning now. Janet just loved the texture. The taste was a bit sweaty but, as she told Noel once, it makes it taste like a cock and not a bar of soap. She loved the taste. She enveloped the entire cock in her mouth then, sliding her lips back and forth on the cock. She began to increase the back and forth motion; each time she clasped the prick skin with her lips and slid the skin back and forth.

The man was bucking now and groaning out loud. Janet heard another noise and saw a smaller but fatter cock sticking through the other hole. She giggled to herself, loving this a hole lot.

The man whose cock was in her mouth gave a last push and Janet's mouth and throat were filled with his cum. This was another thing for her; she did love the taste of cum. She enjoyed it and milked the cock. Then it disappeared.

She giggled at the very thought of it. Then she heard another voice, the voice of the guy with the short fat cock, which she had been playing with, while finishing the blow job for the first man.

"Get your mouth on it, you fucking whore." he said in a cruel voice. It made Janet shiver.

She said a quiet "Yes, sir," but one that she was sure he could hear through the wall.

She applied herself to this cock also and brought him to a climax with her lips and mouth, getting her mouth flooded with cum again.

"Nice mouth, cunt," he said to her through the wall.

"Thank you, sir," she said back to him.

He too left. Janet was all smiles now loving the experience. There were a few more; in all she spent about a half hour in the booth sucking various cocks. She looked up from the last of those, the cum fresh in her mouth and on her lips to find the lady standing in the door way and smiling at her.

Janet had just been thinking that what she missed with this kind of servicing of pricks was the tight feeling, the insistent feeling of a man's hands in her hair urging her on. She liked that feeling, she discovered.

"What are you thinking?" the woman wanted to know, bringing Janet out of her thoughts. Janet told her. "Yes, that can be a strong feeling," she replied.

"And I just like the taste and the texture; you know, especially if you get someone in your mouth when they're soft, and let them grow. And really if they're sweaty and taste sweaty, I love that too because that's the taste of a cock and nothing more is like it."

The woman was grinning, "You sound like someone devoted."

Janet laughed, "I guess I do; but thank you for this opportunity."

The woman nodded and said, "I've been busy and only now will get your stuff ready but, while you wait, you can go and take a look at the theater. There is a movie about to start. You might like the theater as much as the booth. Would you like to do that?"

"I'd love to," Janet said with an enthusiasm that she really felt.

The woman took her to a door and into the theater. Janet saw that it was almost deserted. There seemed to be, in the darkness, a couple, maybe two guys but they were spread out and Janet got a seat by herself. The movie took her attention immediately.

It was about a mature woman named Carter. She answered the door and was confronted by a group of neighborhood boys. They were boys; they looked to be in the 13 or 14 yr old range but they were bold and insistent and the barged in on Mrs. Carter.

Janet was getting more and more excited as she watched the boys surround the woman and, ignoring the woman's feeble protests, proceeded to make the woman strip. It was a truly erotic scene for Janet.

That's when she realized that someone was sitting next to her. It was one of the men. "This seat free?" he wanted to know, testing the water.

"Yes, it is," Janet replied.

"Do you mind if I sit here?" he wanted to know, very polite.

"No, I don't mind at all," Janet said.

His incongruous presence in the empty theater gave her a renewal of the erotic thoughts that had beset her, while she was in the booth waiting for a cock to suck.

In the movie Mrs. Carter was down to her panties and bra. Janet was beginning to breath hard. Then she felt his hand on her arm. She stared at the screen. He was in charge of the action; she knew that. Whatever was going to happen next was what he wanted. This turned Janet on; it always did, when someone was responding to her or being in charge. His hand slid down her arm, and grasped her hand.

She said a bit nervously: "I love this film."

"What do you like about it?" he asked, as he took her hand and began to move it. She knew now and waited for the sensation.

"I love it that they're forcing her; I love it that she's their toy. She simply does what she's told."

"Yes," he said, breathing harder now. "Do you do what you're told?"

"Yes, I do," she said, still staring at the screen where the mature woman was now only in panties and was being hit by sticks and various objects that the kids had in their hands.

Then the expected happened, and her breath caught in her throat. He guided her hand and placed it on his naked, stiff cock.

"Ohhhhhh," she said.

"Now do what you're told and get your head in my lap."

"Yes," she said, "Yes, I will." And she began to move her head.

"Tell me first; tell me that you want it in your mouth."

"I do, I want your cock in my mouth; I want to please you by giving you a blow job; can I please."

"Do it, slut," he said.

Then another voice chimed in: "Yes, do it, slut."

Janet just looked briefly over her shoulder and saw the face of the other guy in the theater.

"Yes, I will," she said to him.

So, she did. She lowered her head until it was only an inch away from the cock. She let out her tongue and licked the head of the cock. Then she pursed her lips and placed a kiss right on the cock's piss slit. She licked off some pre-cum and finally took the cock into her mouth.

"Hey, how about that," the voice behind her said, "A willing cock sucker. Is that what you are?"

Janet hesitated only a few seconds because she was concentrating on the cock in her mouth. Then the guy behind her slapped her ass.

"Answer me, bitch!" he demanded.

"Yes, I am a willing cock sucker," she said, looking over her shoulder.

"Then maybe you don't need to be wearing that dress at all."

He made a statement of it more than a question. He slapped her ass again to prompt her to answer.

"If you don't start answering me," he growled, "I'll have to get rough."

Another voice then chimed in: "If you get too rough, Jackie, I'll break your head. You go easy."

It was the woman, who was now watching the two men treating Janet.

Janet then picked up the question: "No, you're right; I will be polite and answer any of your questions. There's no need to get too rough; and I really don't think that I need to be wearing my dress."

"Good," the one named Jackie said: "What are you wearing under the dress?"

Janet now lifted her head from the cock that she was still beginning to suck, and said to him: "Just yellow panties."

"Hmmm, just panties," he mused. "Let's see."

With that he reached for the zipper of her dress and pulled it down. Janet shrugged her shoulders and let the dress fall completely off.

"Oh, shit," the one whose cock she'd been sucking said, "Look at the tits and ass on her."

"Fuckin' right," Jackie said, "We've got a winner here."

He handed the dress to the older woman, who was still watching them all.

"Now, bitch," Jackie said to Janet, "You seem to be enjoying this, aren't you?"

"Yes," Janet said, "I really am."

"Well good," Jackie continued, "Now you tell us what you want, specifically what you want or my friend and I go back to watching the movie and you're out of luck."

All three of them watching Janet at that moment noted the look of almost panic on her face, once she heard the demand.

She didn't hesitate now: "I want his cock in my mouth," she said, pointing to the one with whom she'd begun, "And I want your cock in my cunt."

"Nice language for a lady!" Jackie laughed, "I swear you're the real deal."

But then Janet continued: "And then I want your cock in my mouth and his cock in my cunt."

"Hmm," Jackie said, "You mean my cock all slimy from your cunt?"

"Yes, yes, certainly," Janet continued quietly, "Your cock all slimy from my cunt."

Jackie laughed then and continued: "Then you get your wish; let's go over to the aisle where there's more room."

The other guy moved and went to the aisle, his stiff prick bobbing up and down as he went.

Janet was about to go in front of Jackie but he stopped her. "No, no, girlie; not that way. You're the slut, you get to crawl, and I'll help you along."

Saying that he pushed Janet to her hands and knees on the floor and reached for the waist band of her panties. He pulled on the waist band and, pulling the panties into her ass crack and pussy crack, helped haul her along to the aisle. Janet was really turned on by being almost hauled along by Jackie's hold on the waist band of her panties; she went along, crawling as she was ordered, making 'yipping' noises as they went.

"Sounds like the ladies' hot; let's give her what she wants now," he laughed. The other guy joined in the laughter and the woman still watched.

And Janet was that; she was hot. When the original guy's prick came near her mouth, she opened it eagerly and took the length of his cock into her mouth. She clamped her lips on it and ran her tongue along it, enjoying both the taste and the sensation. Somehow the one named Jackie had gotten her panties off of her. He said that he'd have them as a souvenir but the woman, whose name was Alice it turns out, said that they were not going to send Janet way with almost not clothes at all, after she'd been so happily cooperative.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 16 - Chapter 18 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 17
Posted: November 16, 2009 - 08:37:21 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

Jackie surrendered the panties to Alice to hold for Janet. Then Janet, transported by sucking the first guy's cock, felt Jackie enter her pussy and loved the way it filled her up at both ends. She let out moans and groans, as they both used her.

She knew that they were both approaching a climax, when Jackie said to the first guy: "Okay, switch now."

The two men changed places and Jackie, with a fierce smile on his face, buried his cock, slimy from Janet's own juices, in her mouth.

"Like the taste, slut?" He asked her.

She looked up at him and he reached out and pressed her nostrils closed so that she couldn't breath. "Answer me," he ordered.

She croaked a 'yes' that came out barely understandable, since she had the prick in her mouth. Janet could feel the guy behind her explode into her pussy and then Jackie was cumming. He pulled out of her mouth though and shot his strings of white cum on her face and into her hair.

The men left her then; they were finished. Janet sat there on her knees in the aisle. Just before Jackie left he reached out and pinched Janet's nipple and ran his hand along her face. One thing was certain, he surely did turn her on. Alice helped Janet to her feet then and took her to the apartment that she had in back of the store-theater complex.

"You shower now," she said to Janet kindly, "then we can finish your purchases and I'll show you those crops."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, "Thank you."

Janet went into the shower and the woman stood and watched her.

When Janet was done with the shower, and had gotten out, Alice said to her: "Okay, now I want you to hold onto the sink. These crops work much better when a person is wet."

Smiling, she showed Janet two crops. One had a very thin end and the other a very thick one. She explained that one would cut and leave red marks and the other would raise welts.

Janet just stared at them, when Alice said: "I will give you five stripes from each one to show you what they can do."

"Five?" Janet said quietly and innocently.

"Yes," Alice returned, "that should do nicely."

Alice had Janet panting and sobbing after only three whacks from the thin crop. And Janet knew that she still had another crop to go. Alice was apparently enjoying the thrashing that she was giving Janet, who was now dancing and hopping around with the blows to her naked, wet ass.

Janet's ass was a jumble of welts and angry red marks from the crops by the time that Alice was finished.

"Just hold on there," Alice said, so that Janet did not move.

Alice slid her hand down over Janet's sore ass and eventually moved the hand to cover Janet's furry pussy slit. Janet groaned a different kind of groan now, as Alice maneuvered her hand and increased the pressure of the hand around and inside of Janet's pussy. Janet's groans came louder and louder now, as she plunged into the orgasm that Alice was giving her.

It left Janet panting. It seemed to satisfy Alice though, who then led Janet, who was now dressed in her sun dress and panties, to the register to pay. When they'd done that, Alice thanked Janet for making it so interesting for her.

Janet hesitated but then said that she had one request from Alice. She asked Alice if she knew Jackie.

Alice laughed then: "He really got to you, didn't he?" Janet admitted that he did. Alice mentioned where Jackie worked in his own office as a CPA and gave Janet the address and phone number.

Janet wasn't sure if she'd contact him but she knew that she was tempted. She thought about it a great deal on her trip back from Ft. Myers. The trip was made that much more interesting by the fact that Janet's ass was so sore.

By the next day Janet was feeling better and the welts on her ass were healing nicely. She dressed in another sun dress, this one white and sleeveless with a gathered top. She wore also heeled sandals and a pair of delicate white and lace panties. She headed toward Ft. Myers.

She found the place with not trouble, and had called ahead to actually make an appointment. She knew that Jackie didn't know her name. She arrived about five minutes before her appointed time. The secretary announced her, and right on time she was shown into the office.

The look on his face was everything that a person could want. He was wide eyed as he recognized Janet. She was nervous; she'd also been practicing what she would say to him. From her hand bag she pulled out a small bundle.

She let the bundle unfurl in her hands and it turned out to be the yellow panties of the day before.

She held them out to Jackie and said quietly: "She should have let you have them yesterday. I thought that I'd bring them to you."

He grinned a wolfish grin, and said: "I hope you haven't laundered them."

"No, sir, I haven't," was her reply.

"Well, well," he laughed, "So, here you are for just a little more."

Janet got red in the face and said a simple 'yes' to that.

"Well, what I think we'll do for the lunch hour is introduce you to my dog."

"Your dog?" she said.

"Yes, let's do that; you don't mind, do you?"

"Of course not, sir," she answered.

"Come on then," he commented, "Your car." On the way out, he told his secretary that he was going to lunch.

They used Janet's car with her driving.

As they eased to the end of the parking lot, Jackie said to her: "Okay, modesty on top but not on the bottom. Before you drive out into traffic, I want you to pull your dress up so that it is around your hips."

Janet said a quick 'yes, sir', as she complied with his order to pull up her dress. She snuggled it round her waist, showing him, and anyone else who was up high enough to look in, her white bikini panties.

"That's a little better; do you like that? I mean driving like that?"

"Yes, sir, I do," she admitted. She knew that her panties were getting wet.

"Now," he continued, "At the next light I want you to ruffle up your pussy hair inside of your panties so that some of the pussy hair sticks out past the leg bands of the panties. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I do," she said, coming to a stop at a light.

She reached down and put a finger inside first one side of the panties' leg bands and then the other. The result was having a nest of brown pubic curls sticking out one side of the panties and the other.

"Lovely," he said, as he reached over and pulled on a tuft of pussy hair.

It made her stiffen in her seat and brought a kind of a 'yip' from her mouth.

"Hmmm," he said, "You really like that don't you?"

"Oh, yesssssss," she hissed at him, as he pulled the pussy tufts again, while they proceeded in traffic.

He asked her then how long she's known that she is submissive. She told him that it was about a year, and he asked for some details. She gave him the story in outline but didn't mention Julie and her present relationship.

"Wow," he said smiling, "Pretty hot story; so, you do what you're told?"

"Yes, mostly I do; I prefer it in sexual situations."

"And is this a sexual situation?" he wanted to know.

"I certainly hope so," she said earnestly.

"And you'll do what you're told?"

"Yes, sir," she finished, "I will."

"Good," he concluded, "Then we'll get along. Turn here."

They ended up at a relatively remote house. He opened the garage door with an opener on his key ring, and allowed her to pull into the garage. He took her to the back yard then; it turned out to be a large back yard with a high fence around it. There were some orange trees and a good sized grassy area.

She looked around for the dog; she didn't notice that he'd brought a large brown bag with him from the garage.

"The dog?" he said smiling, "Haven't you guessed?"

Janet turned to him in innocence that wasn't feigned, and said: "No, sir, guessed what?"

From the bag he took out a dog collar and threw it to her saying: "Here put this on! You're the dog of course."

She froze for just a second, and said: "I am?"

"Yes," he answered with a huge leering grin on his face.

"Ohhhhhhh dear!" she said, as she fitted the dog collar around her neck, thinking all the while how much she liked this.

"Strip now, bitch," he said harshly, "I mean strip everything right down to your jewelry."

She moved quickly to do what he demanded but took time to tell him that the nipple ring didn't come off.

"Leave it then, " he said, "But otherwise strip and get down on your fucking hands and knees; dogs don't stand upright."

She complied, and when she was totally naked for him, she sunk to her hands and knees and looked at him expectantly. He reached in the brown bag again and pulled out a leash that he attached to her collar. With it he pulled out a medium sized whip. She winced, when she saw the whip.

The first thing that he taught his new naked 'dog' was to 'heel'. She learned that when he told her to heel, she was supposed to sit on her haunches right next to his leg. She got it pretty quickly but not before he had left a number of sharp welts on her naked ass and thighs.

In the process he heard from her a gratifying number of distress noises, in response to the use of the crop. Then he paraded her around the yard. When he wanted her to turn left, he slapped her left ass cheek with the crop; when he wanted to go right, he slapped the right ass cheek with the crop.

The periodic use of the crop was certainly turning Janet on, though she found the whole exercise strange. Finally, they only had a brief time due to his work schedule, he taught her to fetch a stick. She learned, once again through the use of the crop on her ass, which was raised now in welts and red marks, to obey and fetch the stick.

She would hustle on her hands and knees to the stick and then pick it up with her mouth. She hustle back to him and wag her ass to show her eagerness and sit up with the stick in her mouth and her hands up like paws, with the hands bent at the wrists.

When he'd accomplished this much with her, he said to her: "Now I'm going to stick my cock in the doggie's mouth; you'll like that won't you, doggie?"

She shook her head 'yes' and barked for him.

He quickly buried his stiff cock in Janet's mouth and all the while she was sucking him, he used the crop on her ass. Her writhing and moaning from the beating and the cock sucking was furious. He finally switched and buried the cock now in her pussy. Janet loved the feel of it and loved the way he fucked her, though her ass was sore.

Their time went quickly, and when she was dressed, they went back to her car so that she could drop him off at work.

They parked at his building and he said to her, earnestly now: "I have a very important question for you."

"Yes?" Janet replied. "Do you belong to someone sexually?"

"Yes, I do," she answered simply. "And he doesn't mind that you do this with others?"

"No, she doesn't," Janet answered quietly.

"Ahh," he said; "It's a 'she'."

"Yes, sir it is." Janet said. "Would you like to switch your allegiance and belong to me instead?" he asked.

"I'm sorry, sir," Janet said, "But she is my true love and I love belonging to her."

Jackie sighed at that and said, before getting out of the car: "Well, she's lucky! I hope she knows that."

"Thank you, sir," Janet then said, "I mean for that comment and for today."

"Maybe again some time," he said.

"Yes, maybe," was Janet's final reply.

By the time she had gotten home, all that Janet could think of was that Julie was coming the next day. She shopped for food. She dithered and was in a fine state. She pottered around the house and cleaned it, though it didn't need it. She spent a good deal of time thinking about what she'd wear. It was so exciting. She spoke to Julie that evening briefly on the chat line. Julie was tired but they ended the conversation with the comforting words: "I'll see you tomorrow."

Her decision ultimately was for a pair of pearl white bicycle pants. They were skin tight and fairly see-through. She loved them, and hoped Julie would also.

Beneath the pants she wore a pair of white stretch lace bikini panties. She was hoping that if you concentrated enough, you'd see the shadow of pubic hair also.

She decided on no bra and wore a short tee shirt. The tee had the word "B I T C H" scrawled across her tits in gothic letters. The tee was short.

Normally she might have worn a longer tee shirt to almost show her ass cheeks but not quite. But for the airport pickup the tee shirt was short; it allowed anyone interested to look at her stretch lace panties, which were hardly hidden beneath the stretch cloth of the bicycle pants.

She wore heeled sandals that she'd gotten specially, and had to practice wearing, since they were fully 5 inches high. But she loved them and loved too the way they made her ass cheeks roll as she walked.

Her outfit was topped by a velvet collar around her neck. It was obvious to anyone who knew that she was wearing a dog collar. The name 'Julie" was scrawled across the collar.

To complete her effect Janet had had a jeweler do a gold pendant for her. It was simply an "'s" figure. So that if you took the ensemble together the collar, pendant and t shirt proclaimed that Janet was 'Julie's Bitch'.

She got a fair amount of attention even at the sparsely crowded airport. She went to the bar in the airport to wait the plane, which was due in half an hour or so. She was hit on by two men in suits with their ties released in fatigue.

She smiled both times and told them that she was waiting for someone. Janet's tension mounted. She felt sexy; she knew that she was sexy, and she hoped that Julie liked the way she looked.

Finally, finally, finally Julie's flight was announced and she went to wait at the end of the ramp that came up from the gates. There was a large surge of people coming up the ramp. Janet was still getting stares, now from the incoming passengers as well as the people waiting.

Then she saw Julie. Her heart raced and she waved. Julie stood for a moment and made the same happy face that Janet remembered when she'd 'rescued' her from the principal's senior dinner.

She stood and stared for just a moment. Janet posed with her hip thrust out and a hand on her hip in an exaggerated position. Then Julie came hurrying toward Janet.

Finally, Janet had her back again. Julie fairly flew into Janet's arms and they were simply glued to each other. The stares continued but neither of the girls cared.

Janet whispered to Julie: "Please, Mistress, let me."

Julie smiled and released Janet, who, to the astonishment of those around, now went to her knees and kissed Julie's hand.

Julie raised Janet then and said: "Hey, puss, I like your shirt and collar combo."

Janet smiled saying: "Oh, I hoped that you would."

"Well," Julie continued, "Let's go get my stuff. I brought more, way more than you can imagine."

Janet cooed to her: "Ma'am, it's such a thrill to have you here."

Julie reached out and stroked Janet's cheek then, as they walked to get her bags.

They worked to get the bags loaded, there was a lot, onto a luggage cart and get those to the car. Then they were walking back toward the terminal with the luggage cart.

Julie said to Janet, when they got to the curb. "You stay here and just look sexy; I'm going to put this back and just see how you affect the locals and travelers." Janet smiled and did as she was told, waiting by the curb.

When the luggage cart was returned, Julie came out of the building. She realized that her plan had worked to a tee. There were three men of various ages just standing and ogling at Janet. Julie stood a moment and listened to them.

They weren't really even trying to be quiet or subtle.

"Look at the ass on her!" one of them said fairly loudly.

"Hey," another said, "I bet she's a pro. Maybe if we pool our resources, we can buy her for the night. What a party that'd be."

The other two agreed that the idea was 'cool'. That was the word they used. But before they could put their plan into action, Julie walked by.

She stopped by the three guys long enough to look at them and say: "No, fellows, she's not a pro; as a matter of fact she's a high school teacher. My high school teacher."

They looked at her with some amazement creeping into their faces.

Then she continued; she was grinning. "But wait a minute and you'll see something really cool."

They were not sure what Julie meant but they waited for a minute or two.

Julie approached Janet, and said: "You have some admirers, puss."

"Yes, I heard them," Janet said.

"We'll let's show them how it is," Julie continued.

"Do you have your leash in your bag?"

Janet grinned now too. "Yes, ma'am," she said, "I do."

She reached into the bag and got the dog leash out. Julie turned to the guys, still staring, and clipped the dog leash to the velvet collar that Janet was wearing. With one brief tug, for the guys' benefit, Julie began to lead Janet away. She looked back at them still staring.

Then she did two things at the same time.

First, she said to them: "This is cool!" and, while saying that and winking at the guys, she put her hand down the back of Janet's white stretch bicycle pants and panties to squeeze her ass, as they walked along.

She heard an exclamation from behind them: "Well, fuck me!"

Julie's last comment to them, after the outburst, was: "No, I don't think so. But enjoy the thought."

Janet and Julie continued to walk away. Julie had the leash in hand and kept her hand down the back of Janet's pants.

Janet was parked in a shady part of the lot.

When they go to the car, Julie said: "Now come to me, love."

Janet did. They folded themselves together in a kiss. Janet simply melted into Julie. She let her hands wander down Julie's back and found the waist band of Julie's nylon workout pants.

She hesitated just a few seconds at that point, until Julie broke the kiss and whispered into Janet's ear: "Go ahead, you bad girl! No one's had their hands on my ass, since I was last with you."

Janet slid her hands down the back of Julie's nylon running pants and then kind of rummaged around on top of a pair of bikini panties, that Julie was wearing. Then she moved one hand and the other inside of the tiny panties and each hand gripped one of Julie's ass cheeks. It brought out a long, long sigh from Julie. Julie's arms were still around Janet's neck.

They very slowly broke the kiss, when they heard footsteps approaching. Breaking apart just a little, they noticed one of the three men, who'd stood on the side walk.

He stopped and said quietly: "I apologize for my two ignorant friends; they talk at times before they put their minds in gear."

He nodded and began to walk on, as the women watched him, smiling. Then he stopped again and asked: "Are you ... er, is she really a teacher?"

Both Julie and Janet laughed. Julie said to Janet: "Go ahead and tell him."

Janet smiled at him and said: "I was her high school chemistry teacher."

She giggled and continued: "And now I'm her slave."

The man grinned with them and said: "And very happy to see her, I notice."

Then he turned and said a quiet: "Good night ladies," and walked off.

The luggage was stored and they got into the car. Janet was in the driver's seat. Julie just kind of stared at her, and sighed.

Janet turned in her seat and asked: "Is anything wrong, ma'am?"

Julie sighed again and said: "Janet, my darling, let's be just girlfriends for a bit with one another."

"Okay," Janet said. "But tell me what's wrong. Is it us?"

"Of course not, silly," Julie said, "It's just that last week was the worst of a series of bad weeks. The long and short of it is that I don't like their system at the university. They don't respect the players or the talent that they have and I'm not going to play for them."

Janet reached out and stroked Julie's cheek with her hand. "Oh dear!" she said.

Julie put her hand on top of Janet's against her cheek. "Well, that's the bad news, so here I am with most of my stuff. I still have to make one more trip to get the rest. But then there's the good news. I have an interview with a former high school coach at Gainesville the day after tomorrow."

"Wow!!!!!!" Janet exulted. "You'll be moving to Florida! Good for us!"

Julie grinned: "I was wondering how you'd take it. You do, after all, have a new life here."

"Not without you, I don't," Janet said quickly.

Julie leaned in and kissed her. "I can never, ever tell you how thrilling it is to me that you are mine; that those dreams and fantasies have really come true."

"Well, I am!" Janet said exultantly. "But where's the rest of your stuff?"

"At home with Mom," Julie answered. "It's actually all packed; all we have to do is go get it."

"Hey, why don't we ask my friend Dave to drive it down and bring it to us; then I'll pay to fly him back, after he's had a bit of a vacation with us?"

"Hey," Julie said with some enthusiasm, "That sounds like a good idea; besides, I like Dave. We might even lure him into a three way with the two of us as a reward."

Both of them giggled at that thought. "Now," Janet put in then, "We'll go home and talk about it. I have some burgers and stuff for our dinner."

"Oh, cool," Julie said with a grin. "She's sexy, she has big tits, with a nipple ring and my initials, she has a killer heart shaped ass, she sucks cock and eats pussy and can cook! How much better can this get."

Janet grinned back at her: "Well, you just come home and I'll show you how much better it can get."

Julie again stroked Janet's face and said to her: "Seriously, my love, you saying to me that we're going to 'go home' is more thrilling that I can imagine."

She leaned over and kissed Janet again.

Janet held Julie's face in her hands and said: "Then let's go home."

They drove south through the gathering dusk, and Janet was pleased to note that they'd be home in time for the sunset over the Gulf of Mexico. Julie was fairly squealing in delight, when Janet turned and went down the road that led to the bridge over the inter coastal waterway and took them out onto the key.

"Ohhhhhh," Julie wailed, "Out here the house is out here?"

"Yes," Janet said with a broad grin. "Out here."

She drove down the key and finally turned into the lane that led to the gate. She pushed a button on her visor and the gate slid open.

"Oh, this is exotic," Julie said with glee. They rounded a bend in the twisty road through the foliage and saw a small but lovely looking Florida version of a two bedroom cottage.

"Oh, Janet," Julie said with enthusiasm, "This is lovely, lovely."

Janet stopped and smiled at her. "This is part of my secret," she said grinning.

"What secret?" Julie wanted to know now. "Tell me, tell me."

Janet grinned broadly and said: "This is the grounds keeper's house."

"What?" Julie said with utter unbelief.

By then Janet had negotiated the last part of the road and come out onto the broad lawn that led to the actual house. It was large, sprawling.

Julie simply squealed! "Am I dreaming? Is it real? Is it really our home, Janet, is it?" She was beside herself with enthusiasm.

"Yes," Janet said, "It really is."

"Oh, my god, take me, take me, show me, please."

They were out of the car by then and Janet took Julie by the hand and led her to and into the house.

It had a central area just off the entrance way, with a kitchen area to the right with a counter that had stools. Farther to the right was a platform that held the formal dining area. Beyond dining area was a door that led to the wing that had 4 bedrooms. There were two baths there; they were situated between each of the two bedroom suites. Immediately in front was a sunken living room whose front was a wall of glass that looked out onto the Gulf. To the left was an extension, like the bedroom extension on the right but this led to three rooms to use as offices. Down a hall way from there was the steps to the master suite that was on a second level.

If you passed the Master suite and went down the hall, there were steps taking you up to the screened observation desk. They walked around and took it all in. Julie was alternatingly silent with wonder and enthusiastic with joy. Their last stop was the observation deck.

It was almost too much for Julie. She sat down now and cried. Janet held her and rocked her, making soothing noises.

"It's just so nice!" Julie said, "And you're so nice to share it with me." Janet said soothingly into Julie's ear: "But you're my love; of course I'll share it with you."

They were brought out of their reverie by the door bell. "Who could that be?" Julie wondered.

Janet said that she thought it might be Win. "You remember, I told you about him; he's the grounds keeper and maintenance person."

She was right it was Win. He said: "I saw you drive in and thought you might need a hand with the bags."

"Oh, Win," Janet said gratefully, "Thank you. But first, this is my Julie."

Win stepped forward as Julie extended a hand. Janet went on to say: "Mistress, this is Win."

Julie said how please she was to meet him, and how grateful they were to have his help with the bags. When the chore was done, Win took his leave. Janet said that they'd talk the next day if there was anything that needed attention. He said that things were really pretty well in hand but he'd contact her the next day.

Then, when he'd gone, Janet said to Julie: "How about a bottle of wine up on the observation deck?"

"Hmm," Julie responded, "Lovely but it's been long enough that I think I'd like you to be naked, when we go up there."

Janet smiled broadly. She went and fetched a bottle of white German wine and two glasses, and an opener. Then she set them down and stood in front of Julie and removed first her t shirt, then her heeled sandals, then it was the lycra bicycle pants that she shimmied down her hips and off, finally the panties were taken off and she was totally naked, while Julie was still dressed.

It was a delicious contrast for both of them. Janet took the bottle and glasses, as Julie said: "The observation deck."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet answered and then 'yipped' as Julie slapped Janet's naked ass.

"Oh this is going to be fun," Julie said, slapping Janet's ass again.

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, "It is." They went to enjoy the sunset. It was gorgeous with vibrant colors and shadows.

Then it was down stairs for dinner with Janet now wearing, with Julie's permission, only an apron. They settled into the burgers with relish. Afterwards they stopped to talk a bit about Julie's plans. Julie indicated that she'd be pleased to go to Florida to play for her former coach again, and that the school offered a good degree in computer science, which was her intention.

They both agreed with relish that they'd set up a good computer room for themselves in one of the rooms off to the left near the master suite.

In the midst of their talk, Julie said to Janet: "Take off your apron. I want you naked again."

Janet's answer was: "Gladly!" They continued to talk for a while. They made plans to do some shopping the next day or so. Janet was anxious to be sure that Julie got the beach wear that she needed. She'd take her to some of the places that Elena had shown her. They were both excited about that.

Julie also said that she'd like to do early morning runs on the beach, and that maybe Janet would join her. Janet was willing to give it a try and they planned that for the next day.

Finally, Julie smiled and said: "This is so homey! Just the two of us in our mansion by the sea. But, hey, I want to go and take a shower." Janet got up and said that she'd do the clean up, while Julie took her shower. Then, Janet indicated, she'd wander up to the observation tower and wait for Julie.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 18 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 17|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 18
Posted: November 17, 2009 - 06:54:26 pm

It was dark by the time that Janet settled down in the observation tower, listening to the sounds of the waves. It was so sensuous to sit here absolutely naked and let the breezes simply play over her.

She heard steps and then Julie came in. Janet's breath caught in her throat, when she realized that Julie too was naked.

"Ohhhh my god," Janet said, "It's been so long, and just look at you."

Janet loved Julie's lithe frame, her medium sized breasts with pointy nipples, the flair of her hips and her compact, nicely shaped ass, toped off by a mound of kind of downy pussy hair.

As Julie advanced into the room, Janet simply went to her knees in front of her love. Julie put her hands in Janet's hair and held her head as Janet planted kisses on the nest of Julie pubic hair.

"Mmmm, I've waited for this; waited to get this teacher's face between my legs again. Tonight, my puss puss, is going to be all love; but I want you to know that we have some really dirty things coming up."

"Oh, I hope so," Janet said, having taken her face out of Julie's pussy to speak. "I hope so. Will you let me serve you properly now? Will you please, Mistress? I mean not girlfriends now; let your slave serve you as she wants."

"Yes, my pet," Julie answered, and she settled down into the lounge chair there. Janet hovered around her but finally settled down near the foot of the chair and began by taking Julie's foot in her hand. She caressed Julie's toes, each one of them and, one by one, took them into her mouth and sucked on them. Her treatment brought a comfortable "mmmmm" from Julie who lounged there.

"If anyone would have told me about this a year ago," Julie said, "I would never have believed them. The sexiest teacher at school as my happy slave."

Janet looked up at Julie and licked the bottom of the foot she held in her hand. She said simply: "I love you, Mistress."

"I am so glad," Julie answered, as Janet licked the bottom of her other foot.

Now Janet began to make progress up Julie's leg. She was licking and kissing her way, sometimes biting her way up Julie's leg to her knee. She licked the knee and the space behind the knee. Then she went up Julie's side, ignoring her pubic area for the moment. She worked her way up to Julie armpit and kissed, sucked and licked the armpit before wandering over to encase a nipple in her mouth. She sucked the nipple before nipping it just a bit. It brought a groan from Julie, who loved to have her nipples sucked.

Then Janet went to Julie's ear lobe and worked her way across the lovely woman's cheek to lick Julie's lips, which were slightly opened. Janet licked across Julie's teeth, and then buried her tongue in Julie's mouth in a kiss that had both of them moaning.

Janet then took the same path in reverse down Julie's other side. She came back up the side of Julie's calf and finally was licking her way through Julie's pubic hair. She licked the length of Julie's pussy slit and inserted a tongue deep into the inside of Julie's vagina.

Her former teacher raised her head from her pussy licking and asked quietly: "Mistress, may I do your ass, please?"

"Of course, puss," Julie said and allowed herself to be turned over.

Janet loved doing this and Julie loved the way she did it. Grasping each ass cheek with one hand, Janet pried the two mounds apart and ran her tongue over the length of the rim of each of the ass cheeks. Then she plunged her tongue into the valley between the ass cheeks and began to lick and suck in earnest. She pursed her lips and kissed Julie's asshole as though it were a mouth, trying to lick and insert her tongue into the rosebud.

Finally, Janet broke through the ring of Julie's asshole and was rewarded by a outcry from Julie. Julie was really wet now. Janet quickly reached on the table next to the lounge and deftly pulled on a harness with a long stiff cock attached.

Julie held her arms out to receive Janet, saying to her: "Come to me, you sexy teacher; come to me you ass licker; come to me and be my slut!"

Janet nestled herself between Julie thighs, and began to thrust the dildo slowly into Julie's pussy. The pressure on her own pussy from the dildo had her matching Julie's heavy breathing. The two of them came from the fucking action.

They lay there for a few moments, when Julie said: "Give me the harness; there's something that I want to do to you."

"Oh, goody," was Janet's response.

Julie put the harness on and presented the slickness of the dildo to Janet's mouth.

"Suck it and wet it," she ordered, "Then I'm going to slide it up your ass."

"Ohhhhhhhh," was the only answer that Janet could muster.

Soon enough it was wetted and she spread her legs wide enough for Julie to fit between them. Julie grasped Janet's hips and raised them up just a bit. She pried apart the ass cheeks and presented the slick dildo to Janet's asshole. With a groan and a thrust, the dildo slid into Janet's ass.

Janet reacted with a muffled cry, and Julie exulted: "This is the top of the world! Lying here fucking my favorite high school teacher in the ass. The top of the world."

She punctuated each word with a thrust. Each thrust got another cry from Janet, who was biting a pillow.

Julie also landed a tremendous slap on Janet's ass. She said: "Hmm, it really reverberates out her but before bed I'm going to spank you, teacher. You'll like that won't you?"

Janet barely got out a kind of growled "Yess ... I ... will... !" as an orgasm tumbled over her.

Julie landed on Janet's back and bit the back of Janet's neck in her passion. Then they just lay there for a number of minutes before going back to the master suite for another shower.

They came out of the shower giggling like school girls.

"This is so fine," Julie said. "There is no way that I can tell you adequately how much I appreciate it."

Janet smiled and said: "There really is and you do it all the time."

This made Julie smile and she moved into Janet's arms.

"Boy," Julie said, "Look at the two of us kissing in the moon light."

The her face brightened up and she said with a laugh: "Hey, let's get Dave on the computer."

"Oh," Janet answered with a laugh, "That'll be wicked."

"Not if we promise to fuck his brains out, once he gets here," was Julie's reply.

Janet had her computer set up in the large office near the master suite. They logged onto the net and soon enough found Dave in a chat room they knew. They invited him for a chat. He didn't immediately recognize that it was Janet and Julie since Janet used the name juliesslut for this chat room.

But he almost exploded, when he knew it was them. "Hey, how are you guys?" he wanted to know. "How's Florida? How's the house? How's life? Tell me, tell me."

They were laughing then and Janet typed: "Glad to talk to you also. Do you want a video chat with us?"

"Sure!" was Dave's reply. Then he went on: "Why? What's up?"

Julie typed then: "We're both naked!"

Dave's reply was: "No, I just can't be this lucky."

"Oh no?," Julie typed, "Just watch."

They sent him the video chat request and he accepted. Then he came on.

"Ohhh shit!" he exploded, when he saw the two naked women holding on to one another.

"Gorgeous! Gorgeous!" he intoned. "You two look like you're as happy as clams."

"We are," Julie said, and she turned to Janet.

"We sure are," was Janet's reply. "Now forgive me for ignoring your lovely nakedness for a minute and tell me all about Florida. I've been waiting to hear."

Janet then chimed in: "That's the thing; we need a favor and your payment for doing the favor is a week's vacation in sunny Florida."

"Wow!" he said, "Anything at all."

"Plus if you do it," Julie added, "We're going to fuck your brains out, when you're hear."

"We?" he added with a shocked look on his face.

"We," Julie said, "The two of us! Both of us at the same time."

"As I said," he repeated, "Anything."

Janet answered then: "Julie is going to interview at Florida, and we need someone to drive her car down here with the rest of her stuff. Could you help us out with that?"

Dave hardly thought at all about it: "Yeah, I have some time coming. Just tell me what I have to do."

Julie told him her mom's address, where the car and stuff was. She said that she'd call her mom next and arrange it. Dave told them to just give him a few days notice and he'd arrange it. He was going back to school but it wouldn't be a problem at all. Julie said that she'd have news for him maybe even later that night.

She continued then with a wicked smile on her face. "But, Dave, this isn't fair. We're all bare assed naked here for you, and you still have your clothes on. Take them off and we'll give you a treat."

Dave grinned and was soon as naked as the two of them.

Julie continued then: "I'm going to have Ms. Peters here eat my pussy and you get to watch but I want you to jerk off while we do it."

"Oh, shit yeah!" was Dave's response.

Julie adjusted the camera angle and sat on the edge of a chair. She grabbed Janet by the hair and pulled her face into her pussy crotch.

"Lick it, bitch!" she said forcefully.

"Yes, ma'am," was Janet's answer, as she began her task of licking Julie's pussy slit.

"Ohhhhh, yes," was Dave's reply, as he began, in answer, to play with himself.

Janet reached up with her hands but Julie slapped her hands and said: "Hands behind your back!"

She did so immediately.

Dave said: "It's so hot the way she does what she's told."

"That's one of the nice things about my loving teacher," Julie said a bit breathlessly.

Janet's tongue was now inside Julie's slit and reaching her clit.

"Her tongue's inside of me, Dave; can you see?" Julie wanted to know.

Julie had an extra camera there and moved the camera to show Dave Janet's tongue inside of her pussy.

"I'm going to cum soon," Julie almost shouted, "Hurry, Dave, come off with us."

They did. Dave sprayed his cum all over and Julie ended up writhing against Janet's face. Julie was left grinning into the camera and Janet was grinning also.

"Wow! Dave said.

"That was only a preview of your vacation in Florida," Julie laughed.

"This couldn't be better," Dave said.

"Hey, buddy," Julie concluded, "We'll let you know all the details."

"Cool," was his comment as they signed off.

Julie stroked Janet's hair and said: "That was marvelous; I think he enjoyed it."

"So did I," Janet grinned. Then she said to Julie: "But I wanted to ask you something. Don't you think we need at least one desk top computer? I mean a big, big screen instead of just our two laptops?"

"You know, puss," Julie said, as she raised Janet to her feet, and kissed the wetness from Janet's face, "That's a really good idea."

"Good," Janet said, "Another shopping trip."

"Bedtime?" Julie asked.

"Bedtime," Janet agreed, "But..." she didn't finish but Julie finished for her.

"Oh I know that I promised a spanking and we'll do that in the bedroom."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said. She walked ahead of Julie and while she walked she swung her hips in an exaggerated fashion from side to side.

"Slut!" Julie said.

"Thank you, ma'am," was Janet's answer.

Julie went into the bedroom and Janet said that she had to go down to the door to make sure that the door was locked and the lights were off. She did that and went back to the bedroom in the dark, the hall illuminated by night lights built in.

She got to the bedroom door and found Julie waiting at the broad bank of french windows that looked out over the Gulf. Julie's nakedness seemed to shimmer with the moon.

Janet took in an involuntary gasp of breath and said: "Oh my god you're beautiful!"

Then almost certainly by instinct she let her submissive side simply wash over her. She knew how to approach this lovely stern looking young woman with whom she was in love. She sunk to her knees; there was no need to be told now.

She simply sunk to her knees and said, head lowered: "May I come to you, Mistress?"

"Come," was all that Julie said.

Janet fixed her eyes on Julie's nakedness and crawled across the floor to where she was. She got to Julie and risked a glance at Julie who now had an almost beatific smile on her face.

Janet lowered her head again and held out one hand. The hand came in contact with Julie's lower stomach, just on the verge of her pubic hair. Janet held the hand there almost in supplication. Julie was moved by the scene too.

"You are so perfect," she said, "So fucking perfect in your submissiveness. You are a gorgeous prize, a genuine gem. You are and have been my most closely held and for a long time, my secret wet dream, and now here you are supplicating. Teacher, you just turn me inside out, you do."

Janet lowered her hand and her head and began to kiss Julie's feet.

Janet sighed and said: "I wish..."

She hesitated and so Julie broke in: "What do you wish, puss?"

"I wish ... I wish your feet and you were dirty now so that I could have the pleasure of cleaning you myself."

"Hmm," Julie said, "Hold that thought; we'll go running in the morning and then you'll have your clean up chance. You can clean all of me."

"Oh, that would please me, Mistress."

Julie stroked Janet's hair; she'd begun to lick Julie's feet again, and Julie was reveling in it. "You are such a wonder, teacher," Julie said, a smile in her voice. "Have you always been this way?"

Janet sat on her haunches and thought.

Julie pinched Janet's nipple quickly and said sharply: "Did I say you could stop?"

"No, ma'am," Janet said, moving into licking Julie's feet again.

Between licks Janet managed to say: "Maybe always submissive but not like this. I was passive with Jimmie and really, really unfulfilled but this feels so perfect that I just am overwhelmed by it; I mean by these feelings. It's kind of a craving to do what I'm told. To do especially what you tell me. It isn't always there but when it is, it's overpowering."

"Like now!" Julie said.

"Like now!" Janet answered, "And the feeling bleeds over into the rest of our dealing with one another. It is so fulfilling for me that I have no problem being simply subservient in this relationship."

"Good," Julie said, "Teacher, my teacher, I like you this way. Go get a chair now. I want you over my lap and then I'm going to make my teacher cry."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet answered. "May I get up to get it."

"Yes, you may."

The chair was placed by the french windows. Julie sat sideways so that the moon light could stream down on Janet's up-turned, naked ass.

Julie stroked a hand over her former teacher's ass and said in wonder: "Janet, my love, you have a nicer ass than all of the girls in our soccer program combined."

"Thank you, ma'am," Janet said.

"And," Julie continued, "It's especially nice for this."

With the word 'this' Julie landed a sharp slap on Janet's right ass cheek.

Julie then landed stroke after stroke on the unprotected ass to accompany the words: "Don't ... yell ... so ... loudly!"

Janet's "Yes, ma'am," now came amid sobs.

"Okay," Julie continued, "Those were the warmups; now count me thirty."

Again, each word was punctuated with a slap to Janet's reddening ass cheeks. Then Julie began the business of the spanking in earnest. By the time they'd reached 20 with Janet counting, Janet was openly crying.

Julie paused at 20 and asked: "Sweet puss, is it too much? Shall I stop?"

"No, no," Janet wailed, "It's only 20 and you said 30."

Julie said: "Ten more it is then."

The last ten were sharp, and despite the pain, Janet realized that she'd crossed that strange threshold where the pain melds into a kind of passion that just overwhelms her and takes hold of her.

Julie sensed it also, for at the count of thirty, she released Janet and stood up. Janet's mouth and lips were fastened on Julie's pussy instantly. Her arms were reaching out behind Julie and spreading her mistress' ass cheeks for a searching run at the standing woman's asshole.

Julie was moaning with the treatment. Janet began inserting her tongue into Julie's pussy at the same time that she began to insert her finger into Julie's asshole. Julie was almost growling, as the orgasm began to overtake her.

"When Dave is here," she said, "I want to watch him fuck your ass."

"Mmmmm," was all that Janet managed, while still eating Julie's pussy.

"And I want to find three reliable men to all fuck you at the same time, while I watch..."

But she didn't finish. She began to wail into the orgasm and clutched Julie's head to her pussy, while pumping her hips against her former teacher's face. She collapsed to her knees then and buried her face against Janet's for a kiss.

"Lovely, lovely, lovely," Julie whispered to Janet.

"Now, puss, I'm going to do you. Tomorrow night we're going to have a pain session with our friends at the classroom chat room. I'm going to call it 'Clarice and the Teacher'."

"Yes, yes," Janet said, her tongue still deeply engaged with Julie's mouth.

Then Julie hauled Janet up to the bed with her feet still on the floor and moved between Janet's thighs to press her mouth now against Janet's pussy. Janet's head thrashed back and forth, while Julie ate her out. When Janet came, Julie moved her over onto her stomach. Now Janet's ass was in a vulnerable position at the edge of the bed. Janet screamed into the blankets as Julie bit her hard on the right ass cheek.

Julie laughed and said: "Remember I said I'd do this to you?!"

"Oh, yes, ma'am, I do," Janet said just before she screamed again when Julie bit the same spot.

Janet ended with a large tooth marked hickey type of bruise on her ass. When they were done and the passion drained, Janet went and got a hot warm wash cloth from the bathroom and cleaned Julie up. She opened one of the french windows to let in the Gulf breeze and joined Julie naked in bed.

They snuggled and Julie said: "Janet, this is the way we should be; this is the way."

The setting, with the window open to the Gulf and the breeze and beach noises, was ideal. The touch of Julie's skin against Janet's skin was comforting in a lovely way. They both drifted off.

Janet woke to a bit of noise much later; looking at the clock she saw that it was 2:55 AM. Then she realized that the noise was Julie. Julie was kind of whimpering, and shaking, shaking her head. She said a mumbled 'no' a few times.

Janet realized that Julie was having a bad dream, and she put her arms around her and pulled her against her body. Julie eyes fluttered and she recognized Janet.

She said: "Oh, Janet, ... oh, oh yes, yes, Janet." Then with a strange look on her face, she said: "Do you mind if I... ?"

Janet said a quick, quiet: "I don't mind at all," although she didn't really understand what Julie was asking.

Suddenly, Julie leaned in and took one of Janet's nipples in her mouth; she began to suck on the nipple. It sent a ripple of sensations coursing through Janet; they were all the way from absolute passion to simple love.

But it didn't last long. Julie quickly drifted off to sleep again. Her night tremors were over. She clung to Janet and her lips were still barely touching Janet's nipple. Janet too drifted to sleep. They woke up that way.

Janet opened her eyes and saw Julie looking up at her.

Julie whispered a quiet: "I'm so sorry!"

That woke Janet totally. "Sorry? Sorry?" she said, "My love, my darling, don't ever be sorry for seeking comfort, not like that, not any way. Whenever you sleep with me, if you have those night tremors, I will hold you and you can feed on my nipple and just let the calm come to both of us."

"Oh, Janet," Julie said, "You are so way beyond what is wonderful. You're sexy, you have big luscious tits, you have a magnificent ass and the personality of a saint. No one, just no one has ever been there to comfort me that way, when those nasty dreams come."

Janet put her arms around Julie and held her closer.

Then Julie smiled: "Besides your nipple tastes so good; if I had been just a little more aware of what I was doing, I'd have gone on to your pussy."

Janet grinned: "Well, there's always today, tonight, you know."

"Hmmmm," Julie said. "It's so nice to let you mother me at times. But now, we need to get up and have a run on the beach! Have you been working out?"

"Yes," Janet said, "As a matter of fact I have; of course I'm not up to jock standards like you."

Julie swatted Janet's naked ass then. Janet 'yipped' and Julie grinned.

"Do you have another pair of those gorgeous white bike shorts?"

"Yes, I do," was Janet's reply, "I have two pair like that."

"Oh, then let's be out there and be sexy."

"Sexy it is," Janet said, as she got out of bed.

She went around and planted a morning kiss on Julie's mouth. Julie stroked Janet's tit and nipple as they kissed.

"Let's go," Julie said, "Or we'll never get our run."

"Yes," Janet said, "And today's a shopping day!"

"Yippee!" Julie said, as she bounded out of bed.

In a real way the night scene never left their minds; nor was it the last time that Janet comforted Julie in the middle of the night, when the night tremors came on her. It was an enduring and safe part of their relationship.

They moved at a sensible trot up the beach; Julie was aware of the fact that Janet was not the athlete that she was. But Janet had indeed been working out and could keep up at the moderate pace that Julie set.

About a mile to a mile and a half up the beach they passed a group of three guys. It was hard to tell if they were just high school are or early college. As the girls passed on their run, the guys gave whistles and a few innocent comments about 'hey, babe," etc.

"Cute!' Julie said, after they passed.

"Definitely cute," Janet replied.

"We'll see if they're there, when we go back the other way," Julie said.

They were. The whistle were sharper, and the comments a little more raucous. This time the girls gave the three guys grins, which only encouraged them.

"Maybe gangbang material," Julie commented.

"You think?" Janet said, blushing.

"You're blushing! I love that about you; you are so sexually liberated and into everything and still have the presence to blush. You are grand!" Julie said, almost crowing.

"They're still watching," Julie said, "Now swing your booty and let them see what they'll get."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, and began to really exaggerate the swing of her ass, as Julie had ordered.

There were more appreciative whistles from the group for Janet's efforts. Both of the girls giggled at the reaction that they got. The encounter with the guys had both Janet and Julie turned on by the time that they got back from their run. They were barely inside the house, when they locked arms around each other and kissed.

Julie started to remove her tee shirt but Janet stopped her and said: "Please let me." Janet had Julie stripped of her wet running clothes, and asked the glistening woman to lean against the wall. Julie did so. Janet began by licking around Julie's neck and then ducked her head to get her tongue into Julie's armpits.

Julie sighed. "Lovely," she sighed, "Just lovely."

"This is a 'thank you' in advance for the idea of the gang bang and our classroom chat session tonight."

"Hmm," Julie hummed, as Janet continued to run her tongue along Julie's spine taking in the sweat, "You're so randy always."

"Where you're concerned, I am," Janet said smiling.

She'd reached the lovely hump of Julie's ass cheeks and pried them apart to get her tongue into the valley between them, licking and cleaning as she went.

"Ohhh," Julie moaned, "Are you sure that you didn't study ass licking at that college of yours?"

"Maybe I did," Janet answered and went back to licking Julie's ass crack.

Then she shifted to the front and began at Julie's neck again. She worked her active tongue down across Julie's pointy tits and nipples and settled in between Julie's legs with her mouth at Julie's pussy. It ended with Julie grinding her hips into Janet's face in a huge orgasm. Then Julie ordered Janet to play with herself, while she watched. Then it was shower time.

It was a shopping day indeed. They both decided that Julie would be in charge of setting up the office for them. They did need desk top computers, and they enjoyed their trip to the Apple store. They also went looking for another computer desk to join the one that they had there already. Then they went, with Janet in the lead, for a bathing suit for Julie and some other items.

Janet took Julie where Elena from the realty office had recommended. Julie got a yellow one piece suit like Janet's sexy white one. They ended it with lunch with Elena and then home. It took them most of the afternoon to get the office set up as they wished. In mid afternoon a small panel truck came to deliver the desk and desk chair that they'd purchased.

As the two guys were putting the items in place, Julie sidled up to Janet and said, "If we didn't already have the guys on the beach in mind for fucking, I'd invite these two. But we have a big night planned with the class room group."

"Yes, ma'am, we do," Janet said.

They talked for a while about what Julie wanted for that evening's visit to the 'House of Humiliation' and the classroom.

"What do you think?" Julie said finally.

"I ... it's been a long time it seems."

"Does it bother you?" Julie asked.

"No, it doesn't; I'm afraid always of the pain but I love it too, and I love the way that you inflict the pain."

Julie grinned and said: "You're my puss alright."

That evening they were set up, having gotten their cameras ready to record a part of the office that would serve as the meeting place. Julie logged them into the 'House of Humiliation' chat room, and then to the 'classroom.' Everyone there was pleased to see Clarice. They were also eagerly waiting for what Clarice said would be a presentation that would please them all. She told them that the surprise was a guest that was coming to see her in a few minutes.

This had them all eager with anticipation. Janet and Julie had worked out the details of how they'd do this presentation. It was only a few minutes later that there was a knock on the door.

Julie said 'come in'; the door opened and Janet stepped in. She was wearing sensible heels, a blue a-line skirt, and a white blouse. She also was wearing glasses. The group erupted, when they recognized Janet as the teacher they'd had so much fun bullying recently.

Julie greeted Janet with mock politeness: "Ah, Ms. Peters, how nice of you to come to visit me."

"What choice did I have, Ms. Stone?" was Janet's bitter reply.

Julie reacted immediately; she slapped Janet's face.

Janet was taken aback by the slap and simply ran her hand up to the side of her face that was slapped.

"Attitude, attitude, Ms. Peters, teacher that we love. Now I suggest that you get in the proper spirit of this enterprise or there will be trouble."

"Yes, fine," Janet said then. Julie slapped her face again.

The crowd watching irrupted at the second slap. There were cries of "hit her again," and such from the group.

Janet was just standing like a statue, after the second slap.

"Now from this point on," Julie said with clenched teeth, "I suggest that you refer to me as 'ma'am' every time you talk to me. Is that completely clear, Ms. Peters?"

Janet visibly gulped; it was obvious to all attending the scene that she was losing any control of the situation that she thought that she might previously have had.

"Yes, ma'am, Ms. Stone," she said.

"Very nice, very pleasant," Julie said, and stroked the side of Janet's face.

Janet flinched as Julie's hand came up to touch her face.

"Now, now," Julie cooed, "No need to be nervous; but tell me now, Ms. Peters, just why is it that you're here?"

Janet gulped and said politely: "Well, Ms. Stone, ma'am, you have a picture of me or pictures that are kind of embarrassing, and you told me that if I want them back, I needed to come and see you. Here I am."

"Lovely," Julie said. "And what kind of pictures would they be?"

"You know, ma'am," Janet said quietly.

"Don't make me slap you again," was Julie's immediate reply.

"Slap her again," someone in the computer audience replied at that point. It seemed to make Janet nervous.

"Do I have to do that?" Julie wanted to know.

"No, ma'am," Janet quickly replied. "They are pictures of Ms. Snow the p e teacher spanking me."

"And..." Julie prompted. "You'd better begin to get a little more cooperative right away, Janet," Julie said.

This seemed to have the desired effect on Janet. "Yes, ma'am, and they were pictures of me kneeling and eating her pussy."

"Now that wasn't so hard, was it?" Julie wanted to know with mock kindness.

"No, ma'am," Janet admitted, "It wasn't."

"Well, this is what I'm going to do," Julie continued. "I know something that you don't want others to know, and I think that I'll make you pay for that."

"I see," Janet said.

"Maybe you do and maybe you don't," was Julie's reply. "Let me ask you now, Ms. Peters, and you'd better be really careful about your answer; if you lie, I will be very, very angry and you don't want that, do you, Janet?"

"No, Ms. Stone, ma'am, I certainly don't want that."

"Well good then we understand each other, don't we?"

"Yes, ma'am, we do."

"Here's the question: did you like it, when old lady Snow was spanking your naked white ass?"

Janet didn't hesitate now; she seemed to be cowed by Julie. "Yes, ma'am," she said, "I did like it."

Julie yelled then at Janet, scaring her: "Speak up!"Turning to the computer cameras she said: "Did the rest of you hear that?"

"No!" came in a resounding chorus from the computer connections.

"They didn't hear that, Janet," Julie said.

"Yes, I liked having my naked, white ass spanked by Ms. Snow," Janet said.

"Hmm," Julie said, "Then you like to play those kinds of games and won't mind if we play them now?"

"Now?" Janet said, and Julie slapped her face.

Janet now had tears in her eyes: "No, ma'am, I won't mind if we play such games now." There were cheers and comments from the computers again now."

"Fine," Julie said, "First get rid of those ridiculous clothes."

Yet again Janet hesitated. Julie said ominously: "Do you want me to slap you again, teacher?"

Janet's face flushed. Julie noticed the hesitation immediately. "Wait, wait a minute," she said, "Now answer me, and you'd better be honest."

Janet said quietly, and then realizing her peril, raised her voice: "No, ma'am, I don't want you to slap my face anymore."

Julie laughed and said to the group: "Did you hear that? She didn't really answer the question, did she?"

There was a chorus of 'no's' to the question.

Julie turned to Janet, who immediately said with a quavering voice: "I don't mind, Mistress, if you slap me or my ... uh..."

There was now a large swell of people noting the use of "Mistress" and approving.

Janet stopped there and Julie laughed: "Hey, everyone, our teacher here wants to have her ass slapped." She turned to Janet: "Is that right, bitch, teacher bitch?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet admitted, "I would really like that."

"Then why the fuck do you still have your clothes on?"

That hustled Janet up. Her fingers flew to the top button on her blouse. She said a few quick: "Yes, ma'am, I'm doing it; doing it now; stripping now; doing what you want now."

"About time, bitch," Julie snapped as Janet's blouse was discarded.

"Skirt or bra, ma'am," Janet asked, seeking direction.

Julie turned to the computer cam and said: "Which?

They all agreed that the skirt should go next. Janet unbuttoned the skirt and let it slide down over her hips and off. They'd certainly seen her before naked but the effect was galvanic. Janet blushed.

"Lose the bra," someone said from the crowd on computers.

Julie said to Janet: "Do it."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, and the bra joined the skirt and blouse on the pile of clothes discarded. They hooted and clapped for Janet's almost naked body. Julie told her to make the rounds of the cameras so that all the students could see her. She did as she was told. She stopped in front of the cams and she turned and bent over backwards so that they could see her ass clearly through her white, nylon bikini panties. She was blushing all the while.

"Now," Julie said, only to be interrupted by a male voice: "What about her panties? She should take them off."

Julie said: "No, I want her to wear her panties for a little while."

The group accepted that. Julie turned back to Janet, and said: "Now, Ms. Peters, I have some questions that we all here want answered. And I warn you. If you hesitate, if you lie, if there is any problem with your answer, we're done here and you go home. But you don't get to keep your clothes. You go home dressed the way you are. Now, give me your car keys."

Janet went to her purse and brought out keys and gave them to Julie. "So, if you are not truthful or you hesitate with your answers, you go, and you don't get your clothes or your keys. Am I completely clear?"

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said earnestly, "You are completely clear."

There was a cheer from the computer crowd. They were pleased that the gorgeous, nearly naked teacher seemed cowed now.

"Okay," Julie said then, "Here we go. How did you feel, when you came here?"

"Resentful," Janet said, "That you were holding those photos over my head."

"Fine," Julie concluded, "Next, why did you allow Snow to spank you, and spank you while you were naked?"

Janet gulped but spoke immediately: "She spanked me because I asked her to."

This brought a commotion from the crowd, with catcalls of 'slut, ' and the like.

Julie held up her hand. "Just how did that come about? Truth or leave as you are!"

"Yes, Mistress Clarice," Janet said, "I went to the supply room and found her there. She came to me and with very little preparation, made a pass at me; she kind of pinned me to the wall and kissed me."

"Did you resist?" Julie wanted to know.

"No, I didn't resist, ma'am, I was taken by surprise."

"And the spanking?" Julie wanted to know next.

"She told me that she'd wanted me for a long time and that, since there was no one around, she thought now was the time and place, and she wanted me to eat her pussy."

"And you said?" Julie prompted.

"I thought that it might be a chance for me to have one of my fantasies fulfilled and I asked her to spank me. I told her that if she'd spank me, I'd eat her pussy right then and there."

That caused a commotion among the group too. "So, the idea of you being spanked naked was your idea and not hers."

"That's right, ma'am, it's such a long standing fantasy of mine, and I thought I could get her to do it."

"What did she say?" Julie then asked.

"She said that pain was not her bag but to get me to eat her pussy, she'd spank me. She told me to strip; I did and she spanked me and then I ate her out. She seemed disturbed by our doing that, when it was over and made and excuse and hurried away. We didn't know that you were there and saw us and took pictures."

"So, she didn't really fulfill your fantasies at all, except for the spanking?"

Janet hung her head a little and said: "That's right, ma'am; she got what she wanted and gave precious little of what I wanted."

"And what was it that you wanted?" Julie then asked.

Janet looked at her and at the cams and said: "I like pain; I like pain that leads to sex; it is really, really hard to find anyone who will help you with that."

"Okay, now back to my first question," Julie said, "You came here resentful; how do you feel now? Honesty or you're gone."

Janet smiled a small smile at Julie and said: "Now I feel really excited."

"Why?" a voice called out from the computer group.

"Yes, why?" Julie asked.

"Because I feel that you will do to me the things that Snow wouldn't, didn't want to."

"Do you want that from me?"

"Yes, ma'am, I do." Janet said, blushing.

"I love the way you blush, teacher!" Julie said.

"Thank you, ma'am," Janet said.

"Now the last question; if you get this one right, you can stay and we play; if you don't, you know: you're gone and your keys and clothes stay here. Understood?"

"Clearly," Janet said.

"Good!" Julie went on. "The question is: what will you allow me to do to you now, since you're excited and anticipating."

Janet didn't hesitate at all now: "Anything you want!"

The cheers from the computer crowd were deafening; there was a chorus of "way to go, teacher," "fucking submissive teacher babe," "nice answer, slut."

Janet smiled at the cameras and said: "Thank you ma'ams, sirs."

She turned to Julie who was smiling the smile that Janet knew. It gave Janet shivers.

Julie grinned at Janet: "Ms. Peters, you realize now that I am in charge of you here?"

"Yes, ma'am, I certainly do."

Then Julie continued: "I have bag of goodies here to use. Let me show you."

The she turned so that the chat room people could see also. From the bag she took out a pair of black cuffs with a chain attaching them to one another; then out came a gag; it was in the shape of a medium sized cock with a strap that held it in place. There was some applause at this. Then out came a set of nipple clamps with a chain to hook them together and chains that could go over a person's shoulders. (More applause and cheers.) Janet stood pale and kind of trembling as she watched. Next Julie pulled a long chain and an asshole hook. There were hoots now from the group, when they saw this implement. Next from the bag came a paddle and a riding crop. The crowd was beside themselves now. The final item brought gasps from the group on the computers and tears to Janet's eyes. It was a long lighter used to produce a flame to start barbecues or deep candles.

With everything laid out, Julie turned to Janet and said: "Are you still willing, you've seen my toys?"

For this answer Janet knelt. There was an expression of approval from the group. Janet, on her knees, wearing only now the white nylon panties, said: "Yes, ma'am, I am. I'm afraid of the pain but it really turns me on."

"Good," Julie said, "Let's get you set."

Julie stepped up to Janet and began by inserting the cock shaped gag into Janet's mouth.

Before she slipped it in, Julie whispered: "Janet, my darling, are you okay?"

"I'm afraid, Mistress," Janet said, "But I love you so much and, when we play like this, I'm so turned on. I hope I don't let you down."

"Sweet puss," Julie said, "You'll be fine; I'll take care of you."

The gag was slipped into Janet's mouth and clamped in place.

The others in the chat room were more than ready to see Julie/Clarice put Janet into the equipment. Julie began by ordering Janet to put her hands back behind her head. When she'd done that, Julie clipped the cuffs on her wrists and clipped the cuffs together so that her hands were bound there. But Julie had other ingenious devices to use also. Janet was quiet except for an occasional moan through the penis gag in her mouth. Next Julie hooked the long chain from the ass hook to the cuffs also. She put her hand in the middle of Janet's back and pushed her over so that her upper body was parallel to the floor. The guys in the chat room especially liked this, since it made Janet's large tits hang down and swing back and forth with Julie managing of her.

Julie then turned Janet around so that her ass was shown to the cameras. She pulled Janet's panties down until they were around her thighs and she used her hands to separate Janet's ass cheeks. With a little gel on the ass hook itself, she rather deftly fit the hook into Janet's asshole.

Janet made a moaning, groaning noise into her gag, when the hook was put into place. Julie straightened Janet up now and took up the slack in the ass hook chain. Then she pulled up Janet's panties. Janet moaned and mumbled into the gag again.

Julie looked at the cameras then and said: "You know, friends, the teach here is having so much fun being trussed up like this that for now I'm going to take the gag out of her mouth. We might want to hear what she has to say about the next step in our little harness."

The other people in the chat room clapped their approval of this. So Julie took the gag out of Janet's mouth. Janet simply groaned; she had a strange look on her face.

"How do you feel, teacher?" Julie asked Janet.

Janet looked at Julie with a far-away look on her face and said simply: "Wonderful!"

There was cheering among the crowd at that. "Well, teach," Julie continued, "I imagine that the 'wonderful' might fade with the next step in our process."

Having said that, Julie picked up the alligator style nipple clamps from the table.

"Ohhhhhh, "Janet moaned in advance. There was laughing and cheering at that.

"Ohhhhh, I guess," Julie said and attached the first nipple clamp.

Janet screamed and almost fell but Julie held her up. In a few seconds Janet got used to the pain and pressure. Janet's face was red.

Julie asked her again how she felt. Janet's immediate answer was: "I don't even have words for how hot it makes me feel, ma'am."

Julie laughed: "You're such a slut, Ms. Peters!"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said seriously, "I am."

"Well, here slut is something else to think about." With that she put the next nipple clamp on the other nipple and hooked the nipple clamp chains to the wrist cuffs behind Janet's head.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Janet said. She repeated the word at least three times and started to shake violently.

Julie grinned at the cameras and announced: "Guess what, guys, our lovely teacher here, who came here reluctantly, and now is trussed up like the slave she is, just came; her first orgasm of the night."

The cheers were loud and lusty. Julie had her arms around Janet as the chained teacher calmed down from her orgasm.

Julie look directly at Janet then, and said: "Now the gag because now we go to the whips and after that the fire."

Janet stared at Julie and imperceptibly nodded her head 'yes', to say that she was ready. Julie inserted the penis gag. And they were set. Julie went and got the paddle first. Janet stood kind of wide eyed as Julie came to her with the paddle. She showed it to the cameras, and it was greeted with a certain amount of glee.

There were now murmurs of 'spank the bitch' and the like. The sound of the paddle hitting Janet's ass brought total silence, except for the paddle sound of the wood on Janet's panty covered ass, and Janet's own squeal at each landed blow.

Each time that Julie hit her, and she did it five times on each ass cheek, Janet staggered a little and made a high pitched noise in her throat. By the time Julie was half finished with the ten blows that she promised, Janet was breathing really hard through her nose and through the gag in her mouth.

Janet was always quickly transported by these pain sessions. Quickly her fear gave way to, at first, a reaction to the pain, and then she was simply swept by the heat of the punishment being inflicted. It very quickly became for her an intense sexual experience. She was leaking now from her pussy and her sexual groans simply joined the squeals of pain as Julie continued to spank her ass with the wooden paddle. By the time Julie was finished, Janet's chest was heaving, her nose was running, she was drooling from around the gag at her mouth and there were tears running down her face.

Julie looked at her closely. Janet tried to smile a bit and did nod her head to Julie, who winked at her.

One of the male voices from the computers said harshly: "Give the teacher bitch ten more!"

"No,"Julie said silkily, "We have other lovely play things here. Turn around, Ms. Peters and bend over to show your students how lovely and red your ass looks."

Janet did as she was bid. Julie pulled her panties down to show the extreme redness of Janet's ass. There were claps and cheers now.

Julie brought Janet back into the position that she had her in; she turned to the table and took the riding crop. Julie smiled at Janet, who just watched and trembled.

"Now for refinement," Julie explained to the computer crowd. "The paddle gets her red and hot; but we'll use this lovely crop to put some really good marks on our teacher. But let's ask her first. Teacher, you like this?"

Janet shook her head 'no'.

It made Julie laugh. "I guess not!" she said to the crowd. "Teacher," she continued, "Does this turn you on?"

Janet shook her head 'yes'. Julie laughed again. "I thought that was the case. Now the $64,000 question, 'Do you want me to stop?"

Janet shook her head 'no' again. This brought instant approval from the group.

Julie moved over to face Janet again. She pulled at her and turned Janet around. She pulled Janet's panties down and said to the group: "Now, if you see here the paddle gives us this nice, nice red color on her lovely ass." She pointed to Janet's naked ass now. "But the crop will give us a different kind of lovely mark on our teacher."

With that, and with no forewarning, the crop whistle through the air and landed on Janet's already red ass cheek. It left a welt behind. The crowd cheered; Janet squealed into the gag. Julie grinned and hit the other ass cheek, leaving a matching welt on the other ass cheek.

Julie then turned Janet around and began to leave welts on her thighs, criss-crossing the thighs. She had Janet kind of dancing now with the constant newly inflicted pains. Julie worked her way across Janet's hips and then, smiling to the cameras and to Janet landed a sharp blow directly on top of Janet's pussy hair.

She landed a few blows on Janet's stomach, and then turned to the cameras and asked: "Her tits?"

A loud chorus of 'yes' resulted and Julie lashed out hitting first Janet's right nipple and then her left nipple. Janet was sobbing into her gag now. Her nose was running again, and spittle was draining out around the mouth gag.

Julie then gave a kind of evil grin to the cameras, and said: "Now, everyone, the part that the teacher likes the best."

She turned to Janet and said: "Are you ready, teacher bitch?"

Janet shook her head 'no'. Julie laughed. The others laughed also. "Are you turned on, teacher bitch?"

Janet shook her head 'yes'.

"Shall I stop?" This time Janet shook her head first 'yes' and then quickly 'no'. Julie laughed again. "That's the teacher we all know and love." Julie first pulled Janet's panties up until the tiny white bikinis were snugly in place.

There were gasps from the crowd in the chat room as Julie now took up the charcoal lighter wand. Janet tensed and started shaking her head 'no', as Julie flicked the lighter on and began by tracing a line up Janet's thigh. Janet jumped almost uncontrollably and her screams came as a kind of babel into the gag.

Julie traced a fire line up the other thigh, never touching her skin long but making the flame's presence felt. Julie brought the flame in close now and began to burn the pubic hair that was sticking out from the edges of her white panties.

Janet kept shaking her head 'no' as Julie continued the process up one leg band and then the other. Julie spun Janet around and traced the flame up Janet's ass crack. Then she spun her around again and, to cheers and claps, applied the flame briefly to one nipple and then the other.

Just then at the same time Julie put the lighter wand away and Janet's whole body was shaken by a tremendous orgasm. She writhed and began to collapse with the power of it. Julie grabbed the gag and removed it from Janet's mouth just in time to her her trailing series of "Ohhhs," which slid into a barely perceptible 'thank you.' Then Janet collapsed against Julie. Julie turned to the cameras and said to the crowd: "I hope, friends, that you liked out little show here. This, by the way is Janet, my friend, my lover, my bitch, and my former high school teacher."

As she said this, she released Janet from the chains, and took her into her arms. "Now I'm going to take my sweet puss here and give her a bath. Then I'm going to fuck her." The crowd cheered.

Julie left the stuff where it was. She turned off the cams and led Janet out of the room.

"Did I do okay for you?" Janet whispered.

"You did just lovely, my darling," Julie said stroking Janet's face. "Are you very sore?"

Janet said: "Just a little; a little."

Julie led Janet into the large bathroom, and began to draw hot water into the huge jacuzzi tub. She also moved the wall of curtains so that they could see out to the Gulf, from the bath.

Janet turned to get something as Julie descended the steps into the water. Then Janet turned and went to the edge of the tub. She grinned at Julie and struck an exaggerated model's pose with her arms in the air and spread wide. Julie clapped; Janet grinned wider and turned around to show her ass; she bent at the waist, and wiggled her ass at Julie, who now hooted.

Janet then turned again and said slowly: "Here ... comes ... the ... teacher!"

Saying that she descended into the tub panties and all. Julie was now standing with her arms spread out.

When they came into each other's arms, Janet whispered to Julie: "Julie, Julie, you just do it for me; you just do."

Julie silenced her with an open mouthed kiss. While they kissed, Janet's hands slipped down Julie's back to cup her ass cheeks; then it snaked around to the front to feel Julie's pussy and bury itself in her pubic hair.

"Oh, teach me, Teacher," Julie said breathlessly. They sunk then into the bath for their bath.

When the bath was done, they went into the master bedroom. Janet opened the wide windows to let in the Gulf breeze and hear the surf. Julie came up behind Janet and nuzzled the back of her neck.

She whispered to Janet: "I want to ask a favor tonight."

Janet turned into Julie's arms and said: "Yes, ma'am, anything."

"Oh, I like the 'anything', puss." Julie said.

"But what I want tonight is for you to use the strap on and fuck me in the ass. Will you do that?"

"Oh, yes," Janet said running out of breath with the thought.

"And," Julie continued, "I want to kneel and suck on it first, and I want my arms tied behind my back, while you do it."

"You kinky, kinky thing!" Janet said as she went over to the closet where the sex things were kept. She came striding back like a ravisher with the long, dark prick bouncing in front of her. She had a along ribbon like cord hanging around her neck. She hesitated for a minute, not knowing exactly how to approach this.

"You can tell me what to do," Julie said.

"Thank you, ma'am," was Janet's reply.

Janet then told Julie to 'kneel;" she did. Janet secured Julie's hands behind her back with the ribbon and then stood in front of her with the dark cock bouncing just in front of Julie's lips.

"Open your mouth," Janet rasped with a breathy voice, "Suck my cock."

"Mmmm, yes," Julie said, "whatever you want."

"I want you to make it wet because I'm going to shove it up your ass."

"Ohhhhhhh," Julie moaned then, as she took the plastic cock into her mouth and bounced her head back and forth on it, as though sucking a real cock.

Finally, Janet removed it from Julie's mouth and moved behind her. She knelt and told Julie to put her face to the floor and raise her ass in the air. Julie did as she was told. Then Janet used her own mouth, lips and spit to wet Julie's asshole, licking it up and down in the process. She got lovely sounding groans from Julie, as she did it.

Then Janet tensed the head of the cock at the entrance to Julie's asshole and began to push. Julie grunted, as the head slipped into her ass. Janet went very slowly to give Julie time to adjust to the pressure. The slowness worked, for soon Janet was pushing the cock in and out of Julie's ass.

Julie was crooning with the pressure of the cock in her ass. "Fuck me, teacher," she cried, as she neared a climax.

Janet redoubled her efforts, as she was close to coming also. They came and collapsed on the floor. Janet told Julie to wait there and went quickly to the bathroom.

She brought a towel and wash cloth to clean them both up. When she'd done that, she untied Julie's hands, and led her to the bed. She snuggled Julie into bed and got in naked next to her.

"I love you so much," Julie said.

"I love you to; I need to thank you for tonight, for making my life so wonderful, and sharing things with me," was Janet's reply They drifted off snuggled up to one another. Janet woke to some agitation again in the bed. But she knew what to do this time. She put her arm around Julie and pulled Julie's face to her breast. Julie's eyes fluttered open just a bit and she saw Janet holding her breast and feeding the nipple into Julie's mouth.

Julie opened her mouth and began to suckle the nipple, murmuring: "Janet, Janet; Janet's mine." She suckled until she fell asleep.

Julie woke bright eyed and the first thing she saw was Janet smiling at her.

"Oh," Julie said suddenly, "I have to pee."

"Me too," Janet said suddenly.

Then Julie grinned and said: "Race you." They both sprang out of bed but the bathroom was on Janet's side of the suite. So, by the time Julie got into the bathroom, Janet was already smiling and sitting on the stool.

Julie wailed: "Not fair, not fair, I said it first and I have to go. Move or I'll pee on you."

Janet blushed and got up. Just as Julie was about to say that she didn't really mean that, Janet took her by the hand. Janet led Julie into the large, glass walled shower. Staring into Julie's eyes, Janet sat with her back to the glass wall and pulled on Julie's hand until she was standing over her.

Julie grinned and said: "You are such a dirty girl!"

"It's part of my charm, ma'am," Janet said. "But your servant is here."

Julie did what Janet intended; she spread her legs and, smiling down at Janet all the while, began to piss on her. Janet reacted with a groan, and lifted her head. She actually captured Julie's stream in her mouth, as she clasped her mouth around Julie's pussy mound. Julie grabbed Janet by the hair and held her there, while Janet held on to Julie's naked ass cheeks.

When Julie was finished with her peeing, Janet held on and began to lick and suck on Julie's pussy. Janet's tongue and lips found the prominent nub of Julie's clit and began to rummage with it.

"Ohhhh, shit!" Julie wailed; "Oh, can you eat pussy!"

Janet kept her face buried in Julie's pussy, and with a long finger sought out her lover's asshole. When the finger penetrated Julie, while Janet continued to suck on her clit, Julie exploded in an orgasm. Julie slumped against the glass wall of the shower.

She looked down at Janet, who grinned at her and said: "I'd better shower before we run; I smell."

Julie grinned also: "Maybe I should call you pissy."

"Maybe you should call me anything that you want."

"Oh, Janet," Julie said in earnest now, raising Janet to her feet, "You are the prize of a lifetime; you must never, ever leave me."

"Why ever would I want to?" Janet said, as she kissed Julie.

Julie pulled away in mock horror saying: "Hey, I know where that mouth's been!"

Janet just grinned at her. "Pissy at your service" she said with equal mockery.
Chapter 19 »
Home | Top | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 18|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 19
Posted: November 18, 2009 - 02:52:54 pm

They took a quick shower and went for their run on the beach. As they were dressing, Julie told Janet to wear no sports bra today, and no panties under her white bicycle, lycra sports shorts and a tee.

"I want to see if those guys are there."

"Hmm," Janet said, "That might be nice."

"Yes, yes," Julie mused. "I'd love to get a film of you being fucked by the three of them."

Janet replied: "You're making me blush."

"Blush," Julie exploded with mirth, "You just let me piss on you, and in your mouth."

"Well," Janet continued, "I blush easily."

"You certainly do, puss," Julie said, "It's one of your endearing qualities.

The guys were there up the beach. Julie and Janet could see them jostling each other, when they saw them coming on their run.

As they passed by, one of them got up courage and said: "Hey, nice ass."

Julie turned to them and said: "Hey, thanks."

On the run back down the beach the girls noted that the three guys were still there.

One of the guys stepped out and said: "Hey, stop a minute; we want to get to know you."

Janet and Julie stopped, they were panting just a little.

"So, what's up?" Julie wanted to know.

The guys were young enough to be embarrassed. They introduced themselves, and Julie told them her and Janet's names.

"We're here for a few days, using my mom and dad's place as a kind of post graduation kind of gig." One of the young guys said.

"Well, congratulations to you," Julie answered him.

One of the other guys then said: "Hey, doesn't your friend talk?"

Julie glanced at Janet and then back at the guys and said: "She talks, when I tell her to talk; when I allow it."

"Shit!" the guys answered, and the other two said: "Cool," and "Far out."

"Is she kind of a slave or some shit like that?" the same guy wanted to know.

"Not kind of a slave," Julie answered, "She is my slave."

"And she'll do anything you tell her to do?"

"Yes," Julie answered, "Anything."

Then he blushed, and Julie knew what was coming: "Is she a ... a kind of sex slave?"

"That's exactly what she is."

"Does she ... uh ... do guys?"

"All the time," Julie said, grinning.

"You interested?" Julie wanted to know.

"Shit yes!" was the general answer.

Then Julie spoke kind of severely: "Look this is how it goes down: she does what I tell her to do, don't you, puss?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet replied.

"We'' come back here at say 11 o'clock and she'll do all of you, at the same time."

"Woah!!!!!!!" was the general answer now.

"But it gets to be done my way; do you understand?"

"Cool!" the guys answered.

"And let me tell you one more thing," Julie concluded, "She's a high school teacher! That should get you interested."

Then she turned to Janet and said to her: "Tell them, love, what you'll let them do."

Janet smiled at the guys, after being told by Julie and said: "I'll let you fuck me; I mean in my mouth, my pussy and my asshole. And, if Julie allows it, I'll let you spank me."

The one who'd been talking said to them: "You're shitting us, aren't you?"

Julie smiled at him and said: "Well, you be here at 11 AM and see."

Then the two girls continued their run down the beach.

When they returned up the beach to where the guys were, they made it a leisurely walk. It was a lovely day. Julie had Janet dress in a pair of tight white shorts that accentuated her ass. Under them Janet wore beige bikini panties with lace at the waist band and leg bands. Over it all she wore a tee shirt that was shortened at the waist so as not to cover her ass. She felt, and looked sexy.

"My, my, puss," Julie said, "I almost kept you home and took care of you myself."

"Nice thought," Janet said.

"But I want to watch this," Julie answered her back. Then Julie giggled, "And I'm going to record it!"

"You brought the cam?" Janet said with a grin on her face. "I did."

"Oh dear!" was Janet's only reply.

When they got up to the upper beach, the saw the guys waiting for them. The guys were grinning, as they watched the two women approach.

"Hey, guys!" Julie said.

"Hey yourself," was the casual answer.

One of them, the one who had done the talking earlier, said: "They think that you're shitting us."

Julie smiled at them. "Now tell me, guys, does she look like she's shitting you? Come on."

Janet nodded to Julie, who walked toward the beach house where the guys were staying. As she neared the door Julie told her to stop for a moment. They were in a spot near the door where they couldn't be seen from the other beach houses.

"Now," Julie said at that point, "You tell me if we're shitting you. Puss," she continued addressing Janet, "Give me your tee shirt and shorts."

Janet simply said: "Yes, ma'am."

She grabbed the hem of the tee shirt and quickly pulled it over her head, letting her large, tits swing free.

"Ohhhhhhhh, shit," came the comments now, "Look at those tits!"

The speaker of the group turned to Julie wide eyed, and said: "Jeez, you're really not kidding, are you?"

To answer Julie turned to Janet who was watching and said: "Shorts!"

Janet's hand went to the waist band of her shorts; she unbuttoned the waist band and unzipped the zipper. Then she grabbed the waist band of the shorts and slowly pulled them down past her flaring hips, and off. Now she stood in front of the leering, staring, astonished guys wearing only her beige panties. They were semi-transparent and did nothing to hide her pussy hair or her lovely ass.

"Spin around for the boys," Julie ordered.

Janet did, striking a provocative pose for them in he near nakedness. The three boys just stood there and stared at Janet. She smiled; happy to be on display for them, and, she knew, especially for Julie, who was still taping it all. Janet walked among the three boys and ran her hands over the bulges in the front of their bathing trunks.

"Nice, nice," she said. She stroked them each in turn but was smiling at Julie as she did. The guys were transfixed.

Julie grinned at Janet and mouthed the word "Slut!"

Janet grinned back, grabbed one large stiff cock and mouthed a kiss for Julie.

One of the guys finally broke from the reverie saying: "Are you really a high school teacher?"

"Yes," Janet replied, stroking her hand up and down his stiff cock through his bathing shorts.

"I taught chemistry and science."

"Gee," came the answer, "We never had any teachers like you."

Janet laughed, again giving her attention to the camera, which was now situated behind the guys' backs, so that Janet was looking at the guys but really over their shoulders at Julie.

"Well," Janet said, "Come inside with me and we can fix that."

Julie snorted, and the guys leered. Then Janet took two steps away from the guys. She hooked her thumbs inside the waist band of her beige panties and slowly, slowly pulled them down: past the swell of her hips, down to her thighs, revealing a peek and then the entire glory of her pubic bush, then whisking them off altogether.

There was now a chorus of "WOW!" from the guys.

Janet grinned and went to the boy nearest. She pulled down his bathing suit to let his stiff cock spring out. She then dangled her panties on the end of his stiff cock, and said to all, and especially to Julie and the camera: "Come on now; first one to follow me inside gets a blow job."

Janet went into the beach house. The guys absolutely scrambled after her. Julie followed, recording the scene.

Inside, Janet as kneeling already and drawing down the bathing suit of the guy who had come in first. She grabbed his bouncing cock and licked the head, both the top and the sensitive underside. It brought a moan from him, especially now, since Janet took the entire head into her mouth and sucked on it.

Julie filmed it. The other two guys stood and watched, breathing hard. One of the other two still have Janet's panties dangling from his stiff cock. They didn't move; they just watched.

Now Janet's head was bobbing on the cock in her mouth. The guy was twitching. The sexual tension was electric. Janet was transported to that place she could sexually get to; it was wonderful for her. And to have Julie watching and in charge was a huge turn on, just spurring her on.

She took a breath and plunged her head forward. The guys cried out; Janet's nose hit his pubic hair; she tightened her mouth around the cock, and caressed his balls with her hand; he exploded into her mouth; she sucked for all she was worth and took all of his load into her mouth and down her throat. She licked him clean, as his cock deflated just a little.

Then she looked up, winked at Julie, and crawled to the next guys, the one with her panties on his cock.

The next one was watching closely; he groaned to no one in general: "Oh god, look at her she's crawling to me! I don't fuckin' believe it."

"Believe that I'm coming to get your cock!" Janet said in a sexy growl.

The kid turned to Julie as he watched Janet crawling closer to him.

"Is she really a teacher?" he wanted to know from Julie, asking it almost plaintively.

"Not only a teacher but a good one."

His attention then was momentarily pulled back to Janet, who had reached up with her mouth and taken her own panties into her mouth. She knelt there with the panties spilling from her lips grinning at him, and then at Julie.

"A good one?" the kid echoed.

"You mean ... you fucking mean that she was your teacher?" He was dumb struck.

Janet kept the panties in her mouth and then took them from her mouth and put them onto the cock of the guy who would be next in line.

Julie took up the question: "Were you my teacher?" Julie asked almost innocently.

"Yes," Janet said, as she leaned forward now and bit the kid's cock head, making him jump and 'yip.' She looked up at the astonished kid and said: "Her chemistry teacher, and then she came to my apartment one night and made me her sex slave."

"Ohhhhh shit!" the kid now said, for Janet has his cock in her mouth.

He exploded immediately. He filled Janet's mouth with cum again, and she swallowed, while Julie filmed it all. She licked him clean and then simply reached out this time and took the third kid by the cock and pulled him to her. She took the panties and this time threw the to Julie, who took them with a grin and sniffed them.

Janet was really, really excited by now and simply plunged her head down onto the last kid's cock and locked her lips around it. It was too much for him, after all that he had witnessed, he spurted and spurted into her mouth. Janet licked him clean and sat back grinning and licking her lips. She swayed a little to let them watch her tits swing back and forth.

She addressed Julie then: "Mistress, what's next?" "Mistress, Mistress?"

One of them said, "I don't fucking believe this."

"Let me show you," Julie said.

She took Janet by the hand and pulled her to a chair; she had Janet face the back of the chair. She motioned to one of the guys to come and grab Janet's hands and pull. He did; it had the effect of stretching Janet over the chair and keeping her into place. Julie told the other two guys to come and stand one on one side of Janet and one on the other.

"Now let me show you what I want you to do," she told them.

They gave her good attention. She lashed out her hand and slapped Janet's left ass cheek hard. Janet jumped and 'yipped'.

Julie smiled a the two of them and said: "Understand?"

They both nodded. Julie's final instructions were that they should each give Janet 10 hard slaps on her ass cheeks. The next minute was filled with the loud sound of the whacks that the guys were landing on Janet's unprotected ass. The ass got redder and redder. Janet huffed and huffed, and groaned. By the time they were done, she was on the edge of tears. But the heat that she felt from the spanking was intense.

"Okay now," Julie ordered, "you come here."

She motioned to one of the guys and told him to lie down on the floor. He did. Then she moved Janet so that Janet impaled herself on his hard, stiff cock. Janet sighed as the cock went into her. She was both wet and ready.

Next Julie grabbed another guy and moved him around in front of Janet to stuff his cock in her mouth. He did with pleasure, and she took his length into her mouth to the very back of her mouth.

She then had the one who had had his cock in Janet's mouth move behind her and, helping him by moving Janet's ass cheeks apart, Julie had him insert his cock head into Janet's asshole. Lastly she had the third guy cozy up to Janet's face and stick his cock in her mouth. She told them that they were in place and she wanted them to all fuck Janet.

Janet was crooning now from all the attention from these young cocks. Julie filmed and the three kids worked away at fucking Janet. After a minute, Julie told them to stop and told the one in Janet's asshole to change places with the one in Janet's mouth.

They were struck dumb but did what they were told. Janet took the dirty cock with relish and they began to fuck again.

Julie filmed it all. This time, when the three guys were finished with the fucking, they were finished. When they were done and all had cum either in Janet or on her, Julie took her from her kneeling position to the bathroom.

Janet let herself be led, and Julie cleaned her up. Julie gave Janet her shorts and tee shirt. She kept Janet's panties for herself. Before Janet had dressed, she produced a marker pen from her bag. She asked them to autograph Janet: one on her tits, one on her ass, and one just above her pussy. She then had a kiss for each of them, as she and Janet left.

They walked slowly down the beach.

Julie held Janet's hand and asked her: "How are you, puss?"

"Glowing!" Janet said, "Positively glowing! The things you do for me, and the way they feel are out of this world."

They walked in silence for just a bit and Janet looked over at Julie and asked: "What are you going to do?"

Julie regarded Janet, as they strode down the beach together and said: "Oh, probably something massive."

Janet's answer to that was a simple "Oh!"

Once they were back at the house, they went to the bedroom suite; Julie said simply to Janet: "Now, puss, I'm going to give you 10 minutes to get ready. I'll be back in that time. You just follow what I say."

Janet smiled vaguely and said: "Yes, ma'am, I'll certainly be ready for you."

When Julie came back into the bedroom, she was now naked and carried a large strap. Janet was kneeling on the floor before the large french windows; she was naked except for her panties, which were stretched taught over the swell of her ass cheeks by her position. Her hands were shackled behind her back, causing her to rest her head on the floor.

"Here's the slut teacher, and Dewey's been here so we have the equipment room all to ourselves," Julie said in a cruel voice.

"Got my note did you, teach?" Then Julie thundered at Janet: "Answer be, you bitch!"

"Yes, Julie," Janet said, "I got your note."

"What did you call me?" Again Julie's voice carried a note of furor in it.

"I'm ... uh ... sorry, m'am, Ms. Strong; I wasn't polite."

"You're not as sorry as you're about to be, bitch," Julie said in a menacing tone.

"Please don't hurt me," Janet whimpered.

"Wrong request, teach! Try it again and get it right this time or I'll skin you alive."

Janet quivered at the tone. These kind of sex games were among the things that truly turned her on. She found herself getting lost in them.

Janet hesitated only a second but a second too long. Julie had a large wooden paddle with her. She lashed out and whacked Janet's ass with the paddle.

"Ohhhhhh," Janet shouted; then she hurried to make the request that she knew was required of her: "Please, please, ma'am, Ms. Strong, please hurt me; hurt this worthless bitch!"

Julie laughed: "Teach," she said, "You are a prize. There you are trussed up like a fucking pig and you're asking me to hurt you. And, by the way, bitch, who told you that you could leave your panties on?"

"No, one, ma'am; your servant is sorry for that breach."

"It will cost you a little, you know," Julie warned.

"Yes, ma'am, I know," was Janet's answer.

"Well," Julie said then, "Let's just pull these very wet panties off and party here."

She skinned the panties down past Janet's hips and ass and off her feet. She moved around and crammed the wet panties into Janet's mouth to silence her. Then without hesitation she swung the paddle and there was a loud squeal from Janet.

"You even sound like a pig, teach;" Julie said with a laugh.

"Tell you what; as I beat that lovely, meaty ass of yours I want to hear you make those throat squeals like the pig you are. Do you understand?"

Janet's answer, she hoped it was the right one, was to squeal in her throat like the pig that Julie was calling for.

"Ah," Julie rejoiced, "She's learning. Then let's continue."

And she did. She used the paddle on one ass cheek and then the other. The sound of the 'splats' was loud, and reverberated throughout the room. Janet's squeals were continuous, and gradually there were real, as the tears ran down her face.

Julie stopped the paddling. She moved around in front of Janet and said: "Okay, chem teacher, so it's true that you were fucking the boys and using this lovely mouth on their cocks?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet answered, "I was fucking the boys and certainly taking their cocks in my mouth."

"Did you like it, cunt?" Julie asked.

Janet glanced at her with frightened eyes and said: "Yes, Ms. Strong, this cunt did like it."

"Well," Julie continued, "I'm wondering if you're as good at eating pussy, as you are at sucking cock."

Janet smiled then and said: "Please let me try, ma'am; I really want to please you; this teacher pig wants to get her mouth and tongue between your thighs and eat you; may I please?"

"You ask so nicely, teacher," Julie mused, "Come and get it."

Julie took the panties out of Janet's mouth, and leaned back on her elbows with her knees drawn up and spread to give Janet access. Janet wiggled her way forward until her mouth was at Julie's pussy. Janet began by licking and sucking her way up one inside thigh and then the other.

"Mmmmm," Julie said: "You are educated."

Janet cocked her head sideways to kiss Julie's pussy lips, as though they were her mouth. She used her tongue to spread the pussy lips and kiss again. Now she was french kissing Julie's pussy, and Julie was moaning with pleasure. Janet lowered her head then just a little and darted her tongue down along Julie's ass crack.

"Ass licker," Julie said in a kind of reverie.

Janet plunged, wiggled and pushed her tongue into the crack of Julie's ass and licked her way up to her ass hole. She licked the asshole and pushed her tongue into it a little. Julie cried out at that.

Janet backed off and kissed her way up one thigh again and then down the other, ending at Julie's pussy again.

Then Julie moved and said: "Now time for the main event."

She got the strap on and put it on. She ran the strap on up and down the inside of Janet's thighs. Then she lowered her head and whispered to Janet.

"Tell me, teacher, tell me what you want me to do with this big cock. Tell me the truth or I'll use the paddle again."

Janet caught her breath at the threat and whispered back again: "Put it in my pussy, please; get it wet there and then fuck your teacher in her ass with it."

"Here it comes," Julie said, sliding it into Janet's wet pussy.

She plunged in and out a bit and the positioned it at Janet's ass hole.

She leaned over Janet and said to her: "The tiger's got you now, and there is no getting away. Make throat noises for me as we fuck. Be my mate."

When she finished that she pushed the cock into Janet's ass. Janet backed up a bit to take the cock and made a kind of keening noise in her throat as she was fucked.

She whispered up to Julie, as the cock plunged in and out of her: "I love ... the sex games; love them. But I love you more."

"Oh, puss, you are my puss," Julie said with labored breath.

The stiff strap on cock was pressing in on her own clit and pushing them both to a climax that left them sprawled on the floor and breathing hard.

Julie moved first. She kissed Janet's neck and said: "Shower, my love? Then dinner?"

Janet smiled at Julie and said: "Shower it is and how about dinner out?"

"Lovely," Julie said. They sat and watched the Gulf from the observation tower for a while before leaving for dinner. They sat in companionable silence.

"How are you," she asked, taking Janet's hand with her own.

"I don't know how I could get any better than I am now," was Janet's reply.

Julie looked over at her. "Really?" she said with emphasis.

"Absolutely," was Janet's answer. "This is so wonderful that I think that I'm living a kind of a dream."

"That's so lovely to hear," Julie said. "There are times that I'm just afraid that you'll get fed up with me and my attitude and just end it all.

Janet reacted: "Oh, my love, my darling." She took and kissed Julie's hand as she spoke. "That's just not going to happen; it's just not."

Julie smiled; she said: "You fill my heart by saying that."

Then she continued with a grin: "Then let's celebrate; let's celebrate us by doing some planning."

Janet was enthusiastic about that. "Good," she said, "What ideas do you have?"

Julie said that first of all she had to get her school stuff settled. She had an appointment at Florida in two days. She turned to Janet and said: "Puss, will you go with me?"

Janet was overjoyed; "You want me to?" she asked with a happy smile.

"Yes, if you will. We'll see Robin," Julie continued.

"Oh good," Janet said. Then she grinned: "What chance does a submissive like me have with you two?"

Julie grinned broadly and said: "That might just be fun. But you know, I'm afraid that I will lose my scholarship, even if I do decide to play soccer for them. We'll see."

Janet spoke earnestly: "Oh, please, please don't worry about that. We'll take care of it."

Julie just looked at her and smiled. "You re so good to me," she said.

"But you're my love," Janet said, "Of course I need to be good to you."

Then Janet spoke up and proposed that they turn one of the extra bed rooms into an exercise room. They could shop for equipment that they would want. Julie thought it was a great idea. The decided that they'd shop, after they got back from the university.

Julie had one more idea: "What about the holidays this year? I mean what shall we do about Christmas."

"Oh shit!!" Janet said, "Of course, of course!"

Julie just looked on and was wondering what she was talking about.

Janet almost exploded: "We have an apartment in Rome; we own it; in Rome!"

"Ohhhh yes! Yes! Yes!" Julie said with enthusiasm. "That would be just wonderful! Could we?"

"Of course," Jane said with a laugh. "It'll be such a treat for the two of us. What about your mother?" Janet asked.

"I'll take care of her," Julie said. "No, I mean that she could go with us." Janet explained.

"That's wonderful, puss," Julie replied, "But let's make these plans for just the two of us."

"Wonderful!" Janet said. "Hey, how about dinner down the key?"

"Hungry!" Julie said and they were off.

Dave arrived a few days later with Julie's car and her stuff. He called them, when he got close enough to the key for directions. The two girls were all a flutter with the preparations that they were going to make to greet their friend.

Finally, Dave rang the bell at the gate and Janet buzzed him in.

Julie, with a grin on her face, had already told Janet what they were going to do and Janet was excited. Following directions, Dave drove past the grounds keeper's house and around the bend in the dense Florida undergrowth. When he emerged and was pulling up to the house, he saw three things at once: Off to the far right he could already see the Gulf of Mexico; directly in front of him he saw the most gorgeous beach house imaginable, and standing on either side of the house's door were two gorgeous, totally naked women. Janet and Julie flanked the door, and were standing in exaggerated poses to flaunt their nakedness at him.

He got out of the car and the women came running to him across the tiled entrance are in front of the door. They latched onto him and he was busy for a few minutes first kissing one of them and then the other.

"Careful, careful, girls," he laughed, "I've been celibate for a while now. All this beauty and nakedness will turn my head."

"Careful, my ass," Julie cried out, "We've invited you here telling you that I needed my stuff as a ruse; you're our toy boy for the week."

"Oh, goodie," Dave shot back, "I guess I'll just have to surrender to my fate."

They broke the embrace and Julie said simply: "Janet."

Janet knelt, as soon as Julie said her name. Dave looked on grinning as Janet fished his cock out of his shorts, and bent her mouth to take it, already hardening inside.

"Janet is the official welcomer," Julie said.

Janet took her head off of the prick long enough to say: "Welcome to Florida, Dave."

"Hey, you," Julie ordered, "Suck."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, giving Julie and Dave a wicked grin.

"Spanking for that!" Julie said next.

"Oh, good," Janet replied and bobbed her head up and down on Dave's cock again.

As Dave began to cum in her mouth, Julie pushed on the back of Janet's head to make sure that he was getting a satisfying deep penetration of Janet's mouth and throat.

Janet settled back on her heels just grinning. She turned first to Julie and said:

"Thank you, ma'am, for that."

Then she turned and thanked Dave.

"Well, well," Dave said with a smile, "This all seems to have come a long way."

Julie smiled then and stroked Janet's face. Janet turned instinctively and kissed the back of Julie's hand. Julie spoke for them:

"Yes, Janet's my love, just my love."

Then Julie said out loud to them:

"My stuff! Dave, I appreciate you bringing it."

"My pleasure," Dave said, "I've already been paid."

"Oh that's just a foretaste, so to speak, of what you're in for this week."

They began to bring Julie's 'stuff' in then from the car. Dave was totally enchanted by the fact that the two women worked still naked.

"How great is this?" he said, sliding a hand over first Julie's and then Janet's ass.

They got the stuff unloaded and put into a room off in the guest wing. Then Julie and Janet got dressed: running pants and a tee for Julie, tight lycra bicycle pants and a tee for Janet. They went down the key to the restaurant for lunch.

They were only just settled in the restaurant, when Elena appeared at the door. They invited her to join them.

"Well, well," Elena said, "Who's this gorgeous specimen?"

"This is our buddy Dave," Julie said.

"He brought Julie's car and her stuff down for her."

"And now," Julie continued with a smile, "He's here as our toy boy for the week."

"Oh that sounds delicious," Elena said, "Can I come over and play?"

"Yes," Julie said, grinning at Dave, "But tomorrow; today we're going to screw for old time's sake."

"Sounds like a plan!" Elena said.

They had a wonderful time showing Dave all around; the crawled the beaches together; toured some of the places on the mainland. They made a day of it. On their rambles around the area, they picked up shrimp for a dinner for the three of them. They all decided on a swim before dinner, and had a later afternoon romp in the Gulf of Mexico. Julie, the athlete, was the best swimmer but the three of them frolicked like a bunch of kids. Julie and Janet wore their one piece stretch suits. They were resplendent in Julie's yellow and Janet's white.

When Dave saw them initially, he shook his head and said:

"This is affecting me now, when both of you are dry; what in heaven's name am I supposed to do, when you get those suits wet and then get out of the water?"

As the three of them stood testing the water with their toes, two young guys walked by. One of them just stared but the other said:

"Look at you!"

"Thank you," Julie remarked with a smile.

Then the one who had spoke said to Dave: "Do you need a hand here or are you up to it?"

Dave grinned and Julie jumped in saying:

"Oh, I'm sure that he is up to anything that we have planned."

"I was afraid that was the case," was his answer with a smile and nod of his head. Then he continued: "I'd wait around to see you get those suits wet but it won't do me any good, so I'm out of here."

Julie smiled a very pleasant smile and said to him:

"Well, you know where we are, come back some time but we're busy this week."

"Thank you," he said with a nod, "I'll just do that." Then turning to Dave he said:

"Good luck, pal."

"Thanks," Dave grinned, "With these two I'll need it."

Julie and Janet both threw water on Dave, when he'd said that.

The water was warm, they swam a bit, snorkeled a bit and just had fun in the waves for a while. After a while, they were ready to get out, and think about some dinner. Dave looked at the two girls and said:

"You do know that you two getting out of the water is going to be the event of the day on the beach."

"Yeeeeaaaaaa for us!" Janet yelled.

"Okay," Julie added, "If that's the case, Dave, you get out and get your spectator's seat; but I'm getting out next before Miss Tits 'n Ass steals the show." She grinned at Janet, as she said it.

Janet blushed. "That's something that I love about you, puss," Julie said leaning over to kiss Janet's cheek; "They way that you blush."

"Dave, go!" Julie added.

Dave got out and sat down in a beach chair. The girls stayed in the water up to their necks.

Julie came out first; the yellow suit now, being wet took on a fairly translucent quality. It was possible to see the clear shadow of Julie's nipples, topping her small but firm tits, and letting the vision stray downward the darkness of pussy hair was clearly visible as well.

"Fuck me!" Dave said.

Janet giggled. Julie said: "Well, you know, Dave, I don't think that's the idea but it is one worth keeping in mind."

Dave grinned at her, once she said it. He bantered back:

"Your wish is my command, Jules."

"I'll remember that, Dave," Julie said, taking a seat next to him.

"Okay, puss!" Julie said and waved at Janet.

Janet coming out of the water was an event; a true event. Whereas Julie's bathing suit became translucent from the water, Janet's was downright transparent. There was nothing preventing anyone and everyone viewing her large tits with their spiked, brown nipples, and the visible triangle of pussy hair between her legs.

"Oh, shit, look at her," Julie said with a sigh. "My heart flips every time I see her, but look at her now."

Janet stood the edge of the water and spread her arms up and wide, with both hands splayed out to the side, and said:

"Ta da!"

She looked down at her suit and said an immediate: "Oh, dear!"

She put her hands in front of her by kind of instinct.

"Don't you dare, Miss!" Julie said severely.

"Yes, ma'am," Janet answered and walked toward them.

"Oh," Janet said, "Here come those two guys back," just as the three of them were walking up the beach to the wooden stairs that would lead them up to the grassy path to the house.

As they were going up the steps, and finally up on the board walk, with Dave going first, there was a 'wolf whistle'. Julie and Janet turned and waved at the guys.

Julie said to Janet: "Kiss me, show them."

Janet took hold of Julie and kissed her, actually waded into her with lips and tongue. Julie responded and turned Janet ever so slightly so that her back was to the guys on the beach. She slipped her hands inside the leg bands of Janet's still wet, still transparent suit and grabbed Janett by the ass.

The two guys on the beach were speechless, just standing and staring. When the kiss broke up, Julie and Janet waved to the two guys and went to follow Dave to the house.

When the neared the house, Janet said: "Why don't we shower here in the outdoors shower?"

Dave just looked dumbfounded again, saying: "You've got everything here, don't you?"

Janet smiled: "I've got Julie and this house, that's about everything, and now you make it that much better."

Julie kissed Janet's neck, when she heard what Janet said. Then her hands went to the straps on Janet's bathing suit, pulling them down and forcing the suit off, leaving Janet naked. Janet performed the same chore for Julie then, only she knelt to get the suit finally off of Julie's feet.

When the suit was off, Julie looked at Janet and grinned saying:

"You are so bad, teacher; there's only one reason why you went down on your knee to take off my suit."

Dave was rooted to the spot, watching these continuing scenes of incredible erotic power.

Janet giggled and wagged her hear, 'yes', then said softly: "May I, ma'am?"

Julie smiled and shook her head 'yes'. Janet leaned in and kissed Julie's puss, letting her tongue creep through the hair and along the lips of her pussy."

"Oh, you wait!" Julie said.

"Do I have to?" Janet pouted.

"Yes, first we get Dave's suit, then we shower, then you fix dinner, then we play."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said with a show of continued pouting. "I'll be good," she concluded.

Julie laughed and said: "I didn't say that; I just said later."

When Jane twas back on her feet, they both giggled then and turned to Dave, who'd been rooted to the spot watching. The two girls knelt and Julie tugged one side of the suit down and Jane the other.

"Such service," Dave said.

"You'll pay later," Julie said.

"Goodie," was Dave's answer, as his stiff cock came into view.

"You kiss his ass; I'll kiss his cock head," Julie said to Janet, who moved around behind Dave to plant a kiss on his ass cheeks, while Julie planted a kiss on the underside of Dave's cock head.

Both made him jump, especially when Janet didn't refrain from biting his ass cheek, as she knelt behind him.

Their was a plexi outdoor shower at the side of the house, with a door next to it that led to the lower level of the house by a bathroom. There was room for all of them to shower at once, and they played in the shower for a while and soaped each other off, aiding next in drying each other. Then they went upstairs. Dave dressed in a pair of white shorts and a colored tee shirt. Julie put on a pair of running shorts and a tee shirt. They were both in the large living room part of the first floor, when Jane poked her head around the door way and said to Julie:

"Any orders about what I wear, ma'am?"

Julie smiled at her lover and said: "Only an apron for you, puss."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said and padded off still naked to get the apron.

When they were together, Dave said to Julie: "Hey, Jules, I just need to say that the way you two react to one another has seemed to grow amazingly. Janet has always been seeking, since I've known her, and I've never seen her so happy. You are so obviously good to her, and I love that."

Julie gave Dave a kiss on the cheek, and said: "It's like living out my own personal wet dream."

Just then Janet came into the room to do the dinner; she wore, as she'd been told, only an apron.

"And speaking of my wet dreams," Julie said, opening her arms, "Here she comes."

She opened her arms and Janet fit right into them. They kissed, oblivious of the fact that Dave was even there. When the kiss was over, Janet said quietly to Dave:

"She's the love of a lifetime, Dave; that's what she is."

Julie kissed her again, and then said: "Yes, and she's hungry!"

"You order, and I obey!" Janet said, saluting Julie, who, as soon as Janet's back was turned, gave her a sharp slap on her naked ass.

Janet yelped, jumped and hurried to the kitchen wailing: "I'm doing it, I'm doing it."

Dave and Julie walked around the large living room, looking out at the beach in the twilight. Each had a glass of wine that Janet had brought for them.

"Sweet puss, come and enjoy the sunset;" Julie said, "Then we can have dinner."

"Love to," Janet replied and came with her own glass of wine and joined the other two. She sat on the carpet at Julie's feet leaning back against her legs. One other hand trailed along Dave's thigh, as they sat, watching the beauty of a gulf sunset.

When the sun had gone down, and the flaming scene had at last turned to black, Janet went to the curtains and drew the curtains across the bank of windows, which looked out to the Gulf.

When she'd pulled the curtains closed, Janet stood in the middle of the window bank and throwing her arms out to the side and up, like a burlesque dancer just finished with a routine, sang out for them:

"Here she is, folks, the evening's entertainment."

Julie started to move and said, as she moved: "She's going to be a sore assed bitch, if she doesn't get into the kitchen right away."

Janet squeaked and started to run for the far side of the living room, squealing as she went. Julie shouted to Dave:

"Cut her off that way, Dave."

He got into position quickly enough to cut off Janet's run from the room, and held her. "Over your lap," Julie said, and Dave wrestled the wiggling Janet down over his lap, with her naked ass pointed to the ceiling.

"I'll be good, I'll be good;" Janet wailed, "I'll cook and be good."

"Pick a number, puss," Julie said severely.

In a tiny voice Janet said '8'.

"Eight it is," Julie said grinning, "Dave you give her '8' on her left cheek and I'll give her '8' on her right cheek and then we'll see if we can get any dinner out of her."

The spanking began, and Janet wailed her way through the whole thing. Dave, laughing, dumped her onto the floor, when the spanking was over. Janet gave a quick look to both of them, and crawled to where Julie was standing. She pressed her head to the area between Julie's thighs where her pussy was, and began to kiss it wetly and loudly.

"You can have that later, puss, ' Julie said, "Let's eat now."

"Can I please have Dave later also?" Janet wanted to know still in a tiny meek voice.

"We both get to have Dave later, puss," Julie said, "I promise."

Janet, with her arms still around Julie's waist, raised her head then and, in a serious moment, said quietly: "Julie, I love you so much." Then she buried her head against the front of Julie's running shorts, and hugged her.

Julie stroked Janet's hair and said back to her: "You are just the love of a life time for me."

Then Janet was up and sashaying off to the kitchen, moving her reddened ass cheeks back and forth, and grinning over her shoulder.

Julie called out in a threatening voice: "Do you want it again?"

Janet shook her head 'yes' eagerly, which set all three of them laughing.

Dinner was slow and full of companionable conversation. When they were finished, Janet said to the other two:

"Why don't you two go and relax, and I'll just clean up here a bit."

"No, puss," Julie answered, "You might be the sub here but you're not the drudge. We can help out."

With the three of them working at it, it took no time at all.

When the dishes were finished, they sat in the living room with the lights low, only bright enough to be able to move around, and looked out at the ocean. They snuggled on a couch facing the wall of windows that looked out. Julie was in the middle of the three of them, with her head resting against Dave's shoulder.

She said to him, after a little bit: "Sweetie, Janet and I are going up to the bedroom, we'll be back I a moment. I want you to make love to me tonight."

Dave smiled, and kissed Julie's upturned face saying: "Mmmm, what a treat."

The two of them left, with Janet giving Dave a huge grin, as she went.

In the bedroom they selected a really sexy black nightgown for Julie to wear. It had clear black panels that alternated with black nylon panels. It showed her tits and the sides of her ass cheeks but had a panel hiding her pussy hair.

Janet helped her put it on, and commented afterwards: "You look good enough to eat!"

Julie smiled and went into Janet's arms, and whispered to her: "You might get to prove that before the night is over." Janet grinned in return.

Then Julie got serious and asked: "Are you okay with this? It's like a fancy but I just want a little bit of romance from him."

"We're always okay!" Janet said, kissing Julie. Then she supervised Julie's makeup and helped her with her hair.

When they were finished, Julie looked even more beautiful that ever. Janet grabbed a knee length tee shirt and put it on, and they were ready for Dave.

Julie, with the long gown on, floated into the living room area as though on a cloud.

"Oh, look at you, Jules," Dave said, going to her and taking her in his arms.

In the background, Janet poured glasses of wine for each of them and put on some music. Dave and Julie danced with each other, and were soon lost in their passion. Janet watched with glistening eyes, as Dave ran his hands down Julie's back and took possession of her ass cheeks. While he kissed her, he moved the straps of the gown from her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Janet picked it up and folded it, putting it off to the side.

Then Dave knelt with his mouth at Julie's pussy and his hands rummaging around at her ass, seeking the center of her asshole with a finger. Julie moaned as, he found his goals with his tongue and with his finger. Here eyes were glistening in the semi darkness, as Dave made love to her; she stared at Janet and mouthed the words: 'I love you!' Janet smiled her a kiss and shook her head 'yes' in response.

They never even made it to the bedroom. Dave eventually laid Julie down on the floor and pushed himself into her pussy right there. Julie groaned again, as Dave entered her. She held her hand out to Janet, who came immediately and lay so that she could cradle Julie's head against her own tits. Julie was smiling but had tears running down her face, after Janet gathered her head to her.

When they were finished, the three of them lay on the carpet for a few moments before they were ready to get up. They went, then to the observation screen house up by the master bedroom and sat watching the night with its semi bright moon, over the Gulf of Mexico.

When they went to bed, Julie said that it was Janet's turn, and they put her between them. Dave proceeded to eat Janet's pussy, and Julie kissed her.

Janet whispered to Julie: "May I please eat you know?"

Julie grinned at her, calling her a 'naughty girl', at which comment, Janet shook her head yes, and them moved her face over so that she could get her mouth to Julie's pussy.

After the love making, the three of them simply settled down in the master bedroom's king sized bed to sleep. Again, Janet was in the middle. She woke at 3:12 AM, sensing a movement from Julie, who was stirring and beginning to moan in her sleep. Janet simply gathered Julie to herself, whose eye lids fluttered and whose lips readily accepted the nipple that Janet was giving her, mumbling her secret night time chant of 'Janet, my Janet', as she settled back to sleep.

Dave was sleeping the next morning, when someone grabbed his stiff, morning prick and started to play with it. He opened bleary eyes only to find both Julie and Janet with their lips on his cock, grinning at each other and at him.

"Oh, this has to be the very greatest of possible wet dreams," he said, and lay his head back, as the girls continued to suck him off.

They ended by jerking him off until he came all over his stomach, then Julie ordered Janet to clean him up and go get them coffee afterwards. Janet licked the cum off of Dave's belly and then padded off to get the coffee. Dave watched her go, making comments about her ass, which caused Janet to smile over her shoulder at him and Julie, who lay in his arms where he'd gathered her.

The day was officially started.

They planned to have Elena over for lunch that day; she was dying to meet Dave. Early in the morning, after some beach time, Julie and Janet got their head together. It was only a little bit later that Janet asked Dave if he would mind terribly going to the store for them. She gave him car keys and money and away he went. It was only shortly after that, when Elena arrived.

Julie and Janet quickly told Elena what they had in mind for Dave; Elena liked the plan from the first. They waited patiently but finally Dave called them from the gate that he was back with the groceries. They buzzed him in the gate. He came around the bend of the palm tree lined drive that led up to the house. When he broke into the clearing, he slammed on the brakes and stopped immediately. There they were, almost the same way that they'd been to greet him originally. On either side of the doorway Julie and Janet were lounging, leaning against the house naked. In the door way, framed by the door was Elena, naked also. Dave parked and got out grinning saying:

"Okay, somebody pinch me; if this isn't heaven, I don't know what is!"

They had already decided in advance that it was going to be Elena's time with Dave but Julie and Janet played with them too. Dave had Elena on the bed, lying on top of her. Janet had scooted down so that she could play with and lick at Dave's balls, his ass and Elena's ass, while the couple was fucking. Julie was amusing herself by playing with Elena's nipples at the same time.

Elena, in the mean time, was simply moving her head back and forth and moaning, as Dave fucked her and the two other girls played with her. She made constant noises like:

"Ohhhh fuck!"

"Ohhhh, yes, shove it in there."

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, my nipples, yes, I, uh ... ohhhhhhhhh!"

She wasn't coherent much of the time.

After a bit, Dave rolled off of her, and Julie pulled Elena's head to the side and began to kiss her. Elena lost herself in Julie's kisses. Janet moved upward and began to lap at, first Elena's pussy to remove Dave's cum and then she went to him and pulled his softening cock into her mouth to clean it. When Dave's prick responded by stiffening again, Janet simply looked up at him and grinned, capturing all of it into her mouth and beginning the process of sucking him off.

They all only rested after a bit. They all lay calming down on the king sized bed. Elena said:

"That was beyond fantastic." Then addressing herself to Julie and Janet, she asked:

"Can I take him home with me for tonight?"

Julie laughed and said: "Ask him, you know: free and 21!"

Dave agreed that if Julie and Janet didn't mind, he'd spend the night with Elena. Janet laughed then and said: "You won't get any more rest there than here, you know."

"I'll take my chances," he answered with a grin. It was all arranged.

"He's so much fun," Janet said to Julie, after Elena and Dave had gone.

"He certainly is that," Julie said, giving Janet a hug and a kiss. "It is so nice, though, to have you to my own again."

They snuggled together, and Janet whispered into Julie's ear:

"That will never change, as far as I'm concerned."

"Oh, I hope not, puss, my puss," Julie whispered back.

Friday was Dave's last day with them; he was leaving on Saturday. It was also Janet's last day before going in to work at the real estate office. It was some time that morning that Julie told Janet that she wanted to talk to her. They were alone for the moment.

"Sweet puss," Julie said, "I have to go to school soon, and Dave is leaving tomorrow. Maybe we should invite Elena and have a little party."

"Hmm," Janet said, "Party; sounds nice but what kind..." She stopped suddenly and got a kind of inspired look on her face.

"What?" Julie asked, "What are you thinking?"

"You'll think I'm terrible," Janet said with a shy smile.

"I will if you don't tell me," Julie answered.

"Well," Janet continued, "How about if we have a kind of 'pain party' for them. You know what I mean."

Julie grinned. She said back to Janet: "It's been a long time, hasn't it?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet answered, "But the white nylon panties are still in a corner of the drawer."

"Oooooooo won't that be fun?" Julie mused.

Janet had tears in her eyes, and Julie moved to hold her. "We don't have to, puss," Julie said.

"Oh, you know me, Mistress Julie," Janet said, "I am afraid of the pain but I love it, it makes me so hot, and passionate."

Julie said quietly, with great tenderness: "You're sure, puss?"

Janet responded by kissing Julie's hand and said: "I am positive. I'm always afraid of the pain but it turns me on so tremendously, especially since you're the one who's doing it to me."

"What a love you are," Julie responded, letting her hand drop now to Janet's nipple, which caused Janet to catch her breath in her throat; "Even willing to follow me into my kinkiness."

Janet, still trembling from the nipple stimulation said quietly: "Our kinkiness," and leaned in to Julie to kiss her.

Elena was the last to arrive on Friday. Julie greeted her at the door. Elena wore electric blue pedal pushers and a tee shirt. Julie was wearing a pair of work out pants and a tee shirt. For Dave it was cargo pocket shorts and a tee shirt. Janet was still in the bed room getting ready.

She finally appeared a little flustered that she was late. "Sorry, sorry, sorry," she said hastily as she came into the room.

"Well, look at you, puss!" Julie said, making Janet blush.

She was dressed in an old fashioned slip the bust part of the slip consisted of only frilly lace; under it Janet wore no bra. Her nipples were clearly on display, as was her nipple ring. The bottom 5 inches of it were frilly lace also. Through the slip it was plain to see that Janet wore peach colored bikini panties.

"Wow!" Elena said, "That's a slip!"

"Yes," Janet said with some enthusiasm, "They wear them now as dresses, although I'm not sure if I'd wear one out in public." She hesitated then and said: "Unless someone ordered me to wear one." She smiled a Julie, while saying it, and Julie grinned back at her, winking her eye.

"And here I am," Dave said finally, "With as beautiful a group of women as I've ever seen; what am I supposed to do now?"

"Eat," Julie said with a laugh.

Janet went into the kitchen. She had already made some macaroni salad, and had some peeled cold shrimp to put out, plus a green salad with white wine.

"Do you need a hand?" Elena said. But Julie spoke up: "No, Elena, let's let her do it all; I love watching her ass move under that slip as she hurries around the kitchen."

Elena laughed and said: "Not a bad idea." "No," Dave agreed, "A very good one."

Janet smiled and turned to curtsey for the group, making them laugh again.

At one point, during the preparations, both Dave and Elena had gone out to the balcony to watch the Gulf of Mexico. Janet saw them go and stepped around the breakfast counter that was part of the kitchen. Julie saw the movement and turned in time to see Janet standing by the side of the breakfast counter. She had grabbed the hem of the slip with her hands and pulled it up until it was around her neck, to show Julie her nakedness.

Julie grinned at her and mouthed the words: "You're asking for it!"

Janet shook her head 'yes' violently and pulled her panties down, showing Julie that she'd clipped her pubic hair and put lipstick on her pussy lips. She grinned and pulled her panties up and let the slip down.

"Wait til later!" Julie mouthed then. Janet shook her head 'yes' violently.

During dinner Janet brought up the subject of Dave moving to Florida. He was kind of surprised but pleased by the idea. Elena said immediately that he could stay with her, while he looked to get settled. Janet wondered out loud if there were room for him at the agency. Dave looked at Julie, who said that she thought it was a great idea. Dinner was slow and pleasant.

It was Julie who spoke up, once they were finished and all was cleared. "Janet and I have a kind of surprise for you; we want to do a little show. She has to go and get ready for it. Then we'll go into the equipment room, where we'll do it.

"Goodie," Elena said, "I like surprises, don't you, Dave?" Dave answered that 'yes' he did, especially when it was his two favorites Jules and Janet doing the surprising.

Janet went to the bedroom to prepare.

When she finally came back, it was maybe only Julie who was even remotely ready for how she looked. She had redone her hair, piling it in a winding bun on top of her head. Her eyes were now heavily made up with darkened eyebrows, red coloring on her eyelids, and dark black highlighting around the entire eye, giving her an almost gothic or egyptian look. She wore an underwired black bra that was a cut away. It thrust her large tits up and out but she'd highlighted her nipples by painting them with bright red lipstick. Her mouth, lips, also highlighted in black were also bright red. She wore no panties but instead wore a black lace garter belt that served to both hold up her smoky black stockings and frame her pussy in the front and her ass in the back. Her pussy hair was clipped into roughly a 'J' for Julie, and she had also put lipstick on her pussy lips. She wore a velvet black choker around her neck with the word "Julie" on it in rhinestones. The outfit was completed by a pair of 5" 'fuck me' heeled black shoes, and black lace open fingered gloves that went up to her elbows. She'd written on her stomach in lipstick: "Julie's Pain Pig".

"There is no sufficient 'wow' for this!" Elena said breathlessly.

Dave's only comment was groaned: "My god!"

"Isn't my Janet a beauty?" Julie said with obvious enthusiasm.

Julie held out her hand to Janet, who'd stopped at the door way to allow them to inspect her. Janet went to her immediately and knelt, kissing the hand that Julie had offered. Elena and Dave just watched mesmerized.

They noticed then that Janet had in one hand a dog leash, which she offered to Julie. In her other hand she had a pair of white nylon bikini panties. She offered those too but Julie said:

"No, puss, give those to Elena; we'll ask for them, when we need them."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, and turned to crawl to where Elena was sitting and watching her wide eyed. She offered the panties to Elena. Julie explained:

"We'll need those a little later; won't we, sweet puss?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said as calmly as she could, understanding what those white panties would be for.

"Maybe I'll need them myself," Elena quipped, "My own are so wet from just watching Janet crawl around in that outfit."

"Talk to our friends now, puss," Julie said.

Janet looked up at Dave and Elena, she spoke calmly:

"We're going to show you a part of our relationship that is both difficult and sweet. I've asked Mistress Julie's permission to do this for you tonight. It's my idea. In addition to being my lover, best friend, and Mistress, Mistress Julie is also my pain mistress. I am, as it says clearly, her pain pig. I've asked her permission for us to end this lovely evening with a pain session, if you don't object."

"Object?!" Elena said explosively, "I'm positively cumming in my panties just from watching this part of it!"

"Shall we?" Julie said pleasantly. She took the dog leash from Janet and attached it to Janet's collar, leading her away from the huge living room down the corridor with the guest rooms, where one of the rooms had been converted to an exercise room.
Chapter 20 »
Home | Top | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 19 - Chapter 21 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 20
Posted: November 19, 2009 - 06:56:54 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Once they got there, watching the movements of Janet's naked ass cheeks avidly, they noticed that there was a kind of three foot long bar hanging from the ceiling with a wire going to a pulley on the side wall.

"Stay where you are," Julie commanded to Janet, who said a simple 'Yes, ma'am.' She got, from a side cabinet, a pair of black cuffs which she gave to Dave.

"Put them on her please, Dave,"

He went to Janet and put the cuffs on Janet.

"Thank him and give him a reward," Julie ordered. Janet didn't hesitate; she leaned in and kissed the outline of his cock that was already magnificently stiff from watching what was happening.

"Thank you, Dave," she said simply. His answer was to lean down and kiss Janet.

"Elena, would you please attach her cuffs to the bar, after I let it down?"

Elena went and attached Janet's cuffs to the bar that was now within reach.

"Thank her and give her a reward," Julie ordered now.

Janet turned to Elena and put her mouth in the crotch of Elena's capri pants, breathing her hot breath into Eelena's pussy, and kissing her adding a 'Thank you, Elena.'

"Your pussy smells good," Janet said.

Elena stammered a 'thank you' for the comment.

"Were you asked to make a comment?" Julie thundered at Janet.

"No, ma'am," Janet said, "I apologize to you and to Dave and Elena for being out of line."

"Good, we'll just double up some of these little exercises now for that."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said, now with tears running down her cheeks.

Elena was leaning against Dave, weak in the knees from watching the developing scene.

"Anything to say now?" Julie wanted to know, "You have a chance now!"

"Yes, ma'am," she said, and turning to the others declared: "Julie Strong is the sweetest, most loving person I've ever met; it is my total joy to share my life with her."

"Thank you, puss," Julie said, and went to the wall. She turned the winch on and soon had Janet hanging from the ceiling with only her toes touching the ground.

"Oh goddddddddddddddd!" Elena moaned.

"First," Julie said, going to a cupboard and selecting a belt from it, "The belt to soften her up a bit."

She walked to where Janet was hanging. Before she began, she said: "I love you, sweet puss."

She turned to Elena and Dave then and said: "We'll need a little help here soon, so let's begin with it in place. Dave would you please take off Elena's panties to put into our girl's mouth?"

"Oh, they're so wet," Elena said.

"All the better," Julie smiled.

Dave knelt and grinned up at Elena, as he began to skin the capri pants down and off, retrieving her soaked panties, and putting them to his nose before giving them to Julie, who slipped them into Janet's opened mouth.

"Ready?" Julie asked. Janet shook her head a vigorous 'no', and Julie laughed, saying: "Okay, let's begin."

The belt whistled through the air; Janet couldn't see it. The blow landed, as Julie had intended, on Janet's unprotected, naked ass. Janet squealed into the gag, jumping on her chains like a puppet on a string. Julie smiled in a self satisfied way.

Elena moaned a loud "OHHHHHHHHH!" and backed up against Dave, rubbing her ass against Dave's erection.

"After a bit, I want you to do something dirty to me; I don't even care what, as long as I get to watch this" she stammered to him.

"I can do that," Dave said, pressing his erect cock, held sideways by his shorts, against her ass.

Julie hit Janet again, and got the same reaction. The belt was leaving wide, red marks on Janet's ass. Julie hurried up her delivery of the blows. Janet was kept on edge, as blow after blow landed on her reddened ass. She jumped and squealed continually. The panties in her mouth alone kept her from roaring out loud.

But Janet also sensed, realized that the heat was beginning to build; she was lapsing into the heat of the beating, and was beginning to be wet at her pussy.

Julie continued the beating for another five minutes. She left Janet's ass a bright red. Then she moved around and used the belt on Janet's stomach, and thighs. Janet was absorbing the abuse now with less fuss but her eyes were constantly focused on Julie, who now moved the beating to Janet's tits and nipples. The squealing began again. Julie smiled at Janet and said:

"I love that sound, puss!"

Janet shook her head 'yes', as Julie landed another stripe of the belt across her nipples.

"Four more," Julie said, "You count them."

Janet did count them, although her attempt to count was muffled by the panties in her mouth. Then Julie stopped. She folded up the belt and went to the cupboard.

"Enough belt, sweet puss?" Julie asked.

Janet vigorously shook her head 'yes' but the tears began to roll down her cheeks, as she saw Julie fetch the riding crop from the cupboard.

"Ready for this?" Julie asked. Again, Janet shook her head 'no'.

Julie turned to Dave and Elena, where Elena was still staggered against Dave, who was feeling her tits and cunt, while having eyes glued to the scene.

"Now we want stripes and welts," Julie said, swishing the crop through the air.

With little hesitation or preparation for Janet, Julie took two steps, twirled around and landed a blow from the crop across Janet's nipples.

Janet's loud, piercing "AAAAAAIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEE!" could be discerned even through the gag of the panties.

"Music," Julie said to Janet, "Music, puss." She went to Janet and put her fingers inside of Janet's pussy. "Wet, my love, really sopping wet."

Then she backed up and put a welt across Janet's thighs, getting almost the same oral reaction from her. She moved around to space out the welts, and stripped both of Janet's ass cheeks next.

She turned then to Dave and Elena: "Dave, come help me get her down; there's another position I want to use for a few last stripes."

Dave went to help. They took Janet down and cuffed her ankles to the bar now. When the winch took up the slack this time, Janet was hanging with her feet up and her head down, with her legs splayed out by the bar.

Elena let out a huge moan, and Dave went back to tending her.

Julie moved up to Janet and pulled her by the hair so that her face was in Julie's crotch, where Janet planted kiss after kiss.

"Big finish with the crop, sweet puss," Julie said. Janet merely shook her head 'yes'.

Janet's scream was almost elemental, as Julie planted the next blow from the crop directly on her pussy. Her body shook almost uncontrollably for a few seconds. Julie turned to Dave and asked him to help get her down. They took Janet down from her inverted position and strung her up again by her wrist cuffs.

Julie then asked Elena to give her the white nylon panties that Janet had brought down from the master suite with her. Julie took the panties and slowly pulled them on and up Janet's legs and thighs, snugging them around her ass. She pulled them high on Janet's waist so that, some of Janet's stray pubic hair was straying outside of the leg bands of the panties.

"How are you, my dove, my darling?" Julie whispered into Janet's face, while taking a towel and wiping the tears from her cheeks.

"Hot!" Janet said, "And in love with you!"

"The music of a lifetime for me," Julie whispered then, kissing Janet's open mouth. Then Julie added: "Are we done now? Enough this time?"

"No," Janet struggled to say through tears, "Big finish, love."

Julie turned to Elena and Dave: "Big finish now."

"Ohhhh, I can't stand this," Elena said. She was unzipping Dave's fly at the same time and had his cock in her hand.

Julie went to the cupboard and took from it a pack of cigarettes and a lighter. She lit one. She asked Janet:

"Sweet puss, do I smoke?"

"No, ma'am," Janet answered.

"Then why the cigarette? Can you tell our friends?" she continued.

"To use on me!" Janet said, beginning to cry now.

"You sure?" Julie asked in a soft voice.

"Yes, I am, love of my life," was Janet's answer.

Elena let out a shriek as she watched Julie apply the cigarette to Janet's left nipple.

Janet's squeal was almost inhuman, and her body simply shook. Julie followed that touch of the cigarette up with another to the other tit and, not giving Janet any recovery time, moved and applied the cigarette to each of Janet's ass cheeks. Janet's eyes were flowing, her nose was running and she was almost incoherent.

Julie put out the cigarette and fetched from the cupboard a long barbeque lighter. Elena's level of heat reached its maximum at that point. She bent over and pushed Dave's cock into her pussy, as Julie lit the lighter and began to run the flame over the surface of Janet's panties.

Janet was shouting and jumping to try to avoid the flame, which was burning her pubic hair that was whisping out from the leg bands of her panties. Julie moved and ran the flame up and down Janet's ass crack. Then she moved again, and, just as she applied the flame to one of Janet's nipples, Elena came with a shout and a groan, and Janet pissed herself.

Julie set the lighter aside and brought the winch down. She went to Janet and released her cuffs from the rod that held them. Janet slumped into Julie's arms, as Elena and Dave just watched mesmerized.

After a few seconds, Janet said to Julie: "Sorry, for that, sloppy, peeing myself! I clean!"

She worked her way down Julie's body and, as everyone watched, she lapped up the puddle of piss from the floor, and cleaned it with her tongue. She got up then, and sagged against Julie again. She was smiling now and said to Dave and Elena:

"Hope you enjoyed our little entertainment."

"I've never, ever seen anything so erotic in all my life," Elena wheezed. "I'm going to have Dave take me home now and do something painful to me, maybe not as brilliant as that but something."

She went to Janet and gave her a hug, and a kiss before Dave took her home. He promised to see the girls early in the morning.

"Hey, puss," Julie said, "Let's go, you smell like piss!"

Janet grinned back at her but said quietly: "That gets harder and harder."

"I know," Julie said, "I think maybe we don't need to do that anymore."

"Spankings?" Janet asked brightly.

"Spankings!" Julie said, as they went off to the showers.

After the shower, Julie took Janet to the screen room at the top of the house. There was a lounge set up there to accommodate two people. She drew her down into the lounge and held her; Janet cried for a little.

"I'm sorry to be such a baby," Janet said, "But I think of it all and wonder why I've been so fortunate. You've come into my life almost by accident and make me whole in a way that I never knew existed, and now you have to leave again to go to school."

"I won't be far away, sweet puss," Julie said, kissing her soft wet mouth. Then Julie whispered to Janet: "Are you very sore?"

"A little," Janet said in a small voice.

"I think that we need to stop doing that," Julie said.

"Maybe," Janet replied.

"Oh, don't be brave for me," Julie whispered. "The bloom is off of the rose with that kind of thing. We need to let it rest for a good long time."

"I hate to not do things that you like and that turn me on too," was Janet's reply.

"Well, that's one of the reasons why I didn't want you getting together alone with Gwen; she can be brutal, very. And it seems like the beast that moved me to love those kind of things is gone or at least at rest. I have your goodness to thank for that." Then Julie was silent for a few moments, and then continued:

"Oh, Janet, Janet! This, this thing of ours, is, for me, no school girl crush on her teacher. I don't think it's possible for me to love you more than I do. I just want to ask you never, ever to leave me."

Janet pulled Julie closer to herself, despite the pain of her welts, beating spots and burns: "That's just not going to happen," she said. Then she continued: "We're young; we're in love; we're rich; we have each other. That's just the way it's going to continue."

There was a night terror again that night; it was about 3:15 AM; Janet woke and realized that Julie was trembling and moaning in her sleep. Janet rolled just slightly to her left and gathered her naked love in. Julie's eyes fluttered, as Janet was whispering: "Love my love, my darling love; no demons here; no night terrors; only us lovers." She took her tit and fed the nipple into Julie's open mouth. Julie went peacefully back to sleep sucking at Janet's nipple.

Early the next morning, Janet opened her eyes to find Julie grinning down at her.

"Your goodness knows no bounds, sweet puss," Julie said.

Janet blushed. "And she blushes too!" Julie said with a grin.

Janet gave her a wolfish grin in return and said in a sleepy voice: "And she eats pussy too!"

"Oh, does she?" Julie quipped as she climbed on top of Janet, placing a knee on either side of Janet's face and sinking her pussy down onto Janet's mouth. Janet had her tongue out and wiggling, as Julie mounted her.

"Dirty girl!" Julie said.

"Bring that thing closer and I'll show you how much!" was Janet's answer.

Julie did.

Dave quipped the next morning that he'd go home now and rest but would certainly accept an invitation to come back. Dave was in fact tired when he left Florida. Janet bought him a plane ticket home.

That following week Julie made final preparations to go to school. They each drove separately with a load of things. They had agreed that Janet wouldn't stay long, since Julie had so many settling in things to do but that Janet would come for a weekend in the not too distant future.

Julie was looking forward to school, and to more soccer.

Meanwhile, Janet settled into the life of the realty office, and almost from the first made a huge difference in their efficiency and as a result, their profit level.

She had a daily meeting with Mr. Mars to work on the business and the way it was running. The old man invariably stared at Janet for the first few minutes, after she entered his office. Her standard quip was:

"Stop trying to see my panties! This skirt is not see through."

He always feigned disappointment saying something like: "You can't blame an old man for trying." This invariably got a grin from Janet and they went on with the business.

Janet spoke to Julie almost nightly via the computer. She mentioned to Julie her daily struggle with Mr. Mars and his peering eyes.

"Good," Julie said one night. "Tomorrow give him a show; you decide how much to show and how but make the old guy's day."

Janet giggled: "I can certainly do that," she quipped.

"Make sure you tell me all about it" was Julie's next order.

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said.

The next day Janet wore a short denim wrap skirt with a colored tee shirt and sandals. She went to Mr. Mars' office for their daily planning session, and she saw immediately that he was disappointed.

"What?" Janet said as she saw the look on his face.

"Oh, I know," she quipped at him, "Denim, no chance to see through my skirt today."

"You're terrible," he said mock plaintively.

"But there's good news too," she said grinning.

"And what's that?" he wanted to know.

"The denim skirt comes off this easily," saying that she reached for the wrap skirt tie and undid it. She easily whipped her skirt entirely off and stood for his inspection in her tee shirt, sandals, and pale blue panties.

"Ohhhhhhhhh," he said.

"Like the show?" she said.

"Love the show," he answered in a strangled voice.

"How about this angle?" she wanted to know, turning to show him her ass.

"Even better!" he said.

"Well, we can probably improve this," was her next statement and, still grinning, she took off the tee shirt. Then she sat down for their conference, wearing only her panties and bra.

He stared at her, simply stared.

"Work first or touching first?" she asked.

"Why are you doing this?" he asked guardedly.

"Well, I like you, and I don't mind giving you a show; and my mistress told me to go ahead and give you a show."

"Well, thanks to her," he answered sincerely.

"Oh, I will the first chance that I get," was Janet's answer.

Then they did begin working, although Mr Mars was distracted. Janet grinned, after they'd been at it for about 15 minutes. Mr. Mars turned his head to get something from the table next to him, and Janet quickly unhooked her bra, so that, when he turned his attention back to her, she had her tits bared. She was grinning at him.

"I guess I owe more and more of a debt to your mistress," he said, rubbing Janet's nipple.

"I guess you do," she answered, as she leaned toward him to get both of her nipples done.

In a bit he said to her: "I hate to admit it but that about wraps us up here. This has been a thrill for an old man, Janet, dear. My pleasures are visual these days and you certainly fulfilled a great number of them today."

Janet said to him: "Well, we'll have to do it again one day."

"How about dinner?" he asked, "Would you let this old man take you to dinner to kind of thank you? Absolutely no strings attached. Would your mistress allow that?"

"I believe she would," Janet said smiling.

Then she turned to get up and get dressed before going to her own office area. She stopped and said to him:

"Oh, would you do me a favor?"

"Of course," he said.

"Hold these please," she said as she quickly pulled her panties down and off.

He was speechless. She walked in an exaggerated fashion across the room for him, swinging her ass and hips. She got her clothes and went to stand directly in front of him to slowly dress.

When she was dressed, she said to him: "One more thing."

"Yes?" he wanted to know.

"Well," she began, "Our quarterly figures show a considerable profit for you. Why don't you show appreciation by giving the agents a bonus. You can surely afford it, and they will be that much more grateful and loyal."

"You might be right about that. Let me think and I'll let you know later."

"Fine, Mr Mars," she said, and just as she got to the door, she raised her skirt to her waist showing him her panty covered ass again. She grinned at him and left the office.

Janet and Julie spoke via the computer just about nightly. Julie filled Janet in on the ways of campus life. She was already accepted by the girls from the soccer team, and called 'ace' because of her ability to shoot. She also spoke to Janet about a club they'd go to, a few of them, called 'the Velvet Touch'. It was a woman's gay club. A few nights a week, she and a few friends would go there. They had a Thursday night talent night, when all sorts of bad talent was on display. That was a time that she never missed.

After they kissed each other off that night, Janet began to formulate a plan. She placed a call to 'the Velvet Touch' and spoke to 'Meg' the owner. She talked to Meg about her and Julie and she made a suggestion about her coming to dance as a surprise some Thursday. Meg was enthusiastic about it, and they actually planned it for the following Thursday.

When the day arrived, Janet had all of her plans laid very carefully. She showed up in time, and got a hug from Meg.

"I love this idea," Meg said, "And the theme of 'Teacher' is just out of this world."

Janet smiled at Meg and showed her outfit. Meg was even more enthusiastic about it. Janet dressed, enjoying the fact that Meg was watching, and then they were ready. Janet kind of smiled at Meg and said:

"I admit that I'm nervous,"

Meg gathered her into a hug and whispered: "You'll be fine and she'll love it."

"Oh, I hope so," Janet said.

Julie was indeed there that evening with three friends, Ducey, Alice, and the Boss, as they were called. Meg got up to make some announcements and pointed out that three of the University varsity woman's soccer team, victorious that day against Tennessee were there tonight. She introduced them, giving each of them their nick name. She ended by introducing the new scoring sensation Julie Stone, aka "Ace". There was a significant round of applause for the athletes. Next there was a great deal of whistling and cat calling, when Meg came out to announce the talent for the evening.

"You're in for a great surprise tonight," Meg said, "We're going to have an amateur stripper for you here at the Velvet Touch."

The response was deafening. Meg held up a hand for quiet and then said:

"She's a business woman who's going to dance for you. So, with no more from me, let me introduce 'The Teacher'!"

There was whistling and stomping and shouts as the music blared forth when the curtain went up showing Janet on the stage. She knew exactly where Julie was sitting. But at that moment Julie was digging into her purse for something. It was the Boss who said to them:

"Look at this bitch! I'm going to take her home with me tonight and I'll teach her things."

"Will you share her?" Alice wanted to know.

"Fuck no," the Boss said.

"Come on," Ducey complained, "Let us in on some of the pussy."

There was no doubt in their minds that the gorgeous 'Boss' would get the dancer. Julie didn't say anything; the group still considered her kind of as a mascot.

Janet had her back to the audience and was pretending to write on a black board. The crowd reacted violently to her teacher like outfit and the swinging of her magnificent ass.

"That ass is mine!" the Boss bragged.

Julie's first reaction was so strong that even she was surprised. For a flash moment, she was back in that class room and back reacting with longing to the swing and swish of Ms. Peter's ass in chemistry. The impression left her immediately damp between her legs.

Then she realized it. She knew it and the whole scene coalesced for her. That was Janet dancing up there. Dancing for her. The more she looked at the ass in motion, the more she was sure of it.

Janet's dancing captured everyone in the place. She wiggled her ass, and moved her hips in time to the music, always keeping up the pretense of writing on the blackboard.

Then she yanked at a connection in the front of her skirt and the skirt fluttered to the floor. The crowd erupted. Janet danced, now in a kind of wrap sweater, heels, and a half slip.

Someone shouted 'no slip' in the back of the room, and Janet ripped it off and flung it away, showing her lovely ass now framed by the strings of a red string thong, with one string snugly in the crack of her ass.

They were shouting and stomping by now. Julie joined them. The boss was almost feral in her looks.

Janet fiddled just a bit and off came the sweater. The crowd roared, at the thought of a teacher stripping in school for them. Then Janet whirled around and Julie knew.

Janet was looking directly at her, and had a huge grin on her face. Julie smiled and nodded her head to Janet, who nodded in return.

"Like her, ace?" the Boss wanted to know.

"Love her," Julie said.

"Well get over it," the Boss said, "Cause she's going home with me."

Janet turned back to the imaginary blackboard to write something and dropped the chalk. She looked abashed at the crowd and the crowd roared, as she bent over with her almost naked ass to them to pick up the chalk. In a deft movement, while all were staring at her ass, she came up and flung the bra away to thunderous cheers. She stalked the length and width of the stage until the music came to a crashing halt. She ended on one knee.

Meg came out, joining the applause for Janet; she took her by the hand and raised her up.

"Out of breath, Teacher?" Meg wanted to know.

"Only a little," Janet said.

"Okay," Meg said, "I'm speaking for everyone here; so, give, why the teacher gig?"

Janet smiled: "It's because, Meg, until last year I was a high school teacher."

"Ohhhhhhhh!" Meg said into the mic and the crowd mimicked her. "More," Meg continued.

"Well," Janet continued, "The truth was that I was seduced by one of my students and I'm now happily, contentedly her bitch."

"Wait a minute," Meg said, as the crowd howled. "You mean to say that you are the sex slave of one of your former students?"

"Yes, ma'am, I am," Janet said.

"Well she's a lucky woman," Meg said. Then turning to the audience she announced: "And now a brief encore; and the Teacher will take it all off."

The cheering was now deafening. Janet went to a small side table and stood there doing a few things to get ready. When she turned around, she wore a slave collar choker kind of neck band. It had "Julie" written on it for those who could see. She also had, unseen, a tube of lipstick in her hand.

The music was back and Janet started moving, dancing, wiggling and swaying to it. The crowd was clapping, Julie included.

Then, so quickly that it took people by surprise, Janet was off of the stage and stalking, in time to the music, through the crowd. There were pats, and rubs of appreciation from all sides. She went and stood to dance immediately in front of Julie, who looked at her and grinned.

It began to dawn on the Boss, Ducey and Alice, who weren't able at first to believe it. Then Janet whirled around to dance with her ass in Julie's face. Julie leaned forward and bit Janet's ass.

The crowd cheered, and there were shouts of "Bite her, Ace," "Bite that teacher."

Then it was apparent for when Janet turned around this time, she'd written on her stomach with the lipstick the words "The Ace's sex slave!" The Boss just had a totally surprised look on her face.

"Fuck me," Ducey said.

"Way to go, Ace," Alice, Julie's roommate, said.

Janet, as the music came to a crescendo, pulled the ties at the sides of her thong panties and whipped the panties off, holding them right under Julie's nose. Julie took the panties in her teeth; the crowd cheered; the music stopped and Julie was on her feet wading into an open mouthed kiss with Janet.

In the hug that followed, Janet whispered to Julie: "Sorry, ma'am that I didn't let you know."

"Your surprises are so lovely, teacher," Julie said. "But I'll spank you later."

"Yes, ma'am," Janet giggled.

Then Julie turned to her table mates and said: "Guys, this is Janet; she's my bitch."

They said 'hi' and before she could think about it, the boss asked:

"You going to share her, Ace?"

Julie laughed: "With that ass, those tits, and that face, are you kidding, Boss? Of course not."

"Do you need the room, Ace?" Alice asked.

Julie looked at Janet, who said: "I have a suite at the Hilton, ma'am."

"Thanks, Alice," we're fine. "Let's get your clothes, sweet puss," Julie concluded.

Janet went and fetched her clothes. She collected another hug from Meg. As Julie and Janet left the club, Julie had her hand on Janet's ass. Janet was simply grinning. They drove to the Hilton, and once inside the door of their room, with Janet walking ahead of Julie, Julie held out her arms and said:

"Come, come, come, come,"

Janet did a little reprise of her 'teacher' dance and then slid into Julie's arm with a huge grin.

"I love your little surprises so much, sweet puss," Julie said, between kisses, her hands up under Janet's plain skirt so that she could play with Janet's ass.

"I'm so glad," Janet cooed into Julie's ear.

Their next task was to shower. Janet knelt in the pelting hot water and began to wash Julie by soaping her feet. When she'd washed the feet, she sucked on each of Julie's toes. Then she followed that process as she washed her way up Julie's calves and her thighs. She spent a great deal of time washing Julie's pussy and ass. In each case, she followed the washing by licking and sucking the area. She went to her back and shoulders, followed by her chest, tits and nipples. She ended her washing project by licking Julie's lips and teeth, then sucking on the offered tongue.

Julie kept her eyes open all the while, watching Janet's radiant face, as she got cleaned.

"Wonderful," Julie said.

"I brought the strapon with me," Janet whispered into Julie's ear. "Will you please be the man tonight?"

"For you, darling teacher, of course I will."

Janet did her own washing next and was finished in a few minutes. She walked out of the shower to the other part of the large bathroom, where Julie was washing her hair.

"Are you hungry?" Janet wanted to know. "We could order from room service."

"Hey," Julie smiled, "Great idea. What shall we have?"

"Whatever you want," Janet said.

"What I want is to stick the strapon up your ass," she said with a grin, "But I guess you're talking about food now."

"Wicked!" Janet said smiling.

"Wicked! Is it!" Julie said. "Just for that, Ms hoity toity, you get to answer the door for room service wearing only your panties."

"Panties?" Janet said in a small voice.

"Panties, sweet puss," was Julie's answer.

"Yes, ma'am," was Janet's meek answer.

They ordered and Janet did, indeed, answer the door, when room service came, wearing only a pair of pearl white panties. But the room service attendant was a young woman. Janet was blushing furiously, when she answered the door. Julie heard the young woman's voice and came in laughing.

The young woman looked over at Julie who explained: "This is Janet, she's my bitch. She was a bit snotty earlier and I told her that she'd have to welcome room service wearing only her panties."

The young woman stared at Janet: "Your bitch!" she said with a question in her voice.

"Cool, eh?" Julie asked. "Last year she was my chem teacher in high school, now she's my lover."

"And she's gorgeous," the room service attendant said.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 19 - Chapter 21 »|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 20
Posted: November 19, 2009 - 06:56:54 pm
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

"Greet her properly, Janet," Julie said.

Again the attendant just stared. Julie explained: "It's simple, when she is told to greet a woman properly, she kisses their hand, if they extend their hand. If they just stand there, she will kiss their pussy or if they turn their back, she will kiss their ass."

"Will she really?" the woman asked. "Are you putting me on?"

"Janet, greet her properly," Julie said again.

Janet went to the young woman, who was just standing there. Janet reached out and unbuttoned the staring woman's black pants at the waist band. She unzipped the zipper and tugged the pants down around the woman's knees, exposing a red thong. She leaned forward and kissed the pussy lips that were barely hidden by the thong.

"Oh, nice!" the young woman croaked.

"Are you interested in her doing you?" Julie wanted to know.

"Will you let her?" the woman asked.

"Of course," Julie said. Then she said: "Janet."

Janet's immediate answer was "Yes, ma'am."

Now Janet was tugging the woman's slacks off altogether. Then down came the thong and Janet began to lick at the woman's pussy lips. She kept up the licking, and finally pulled one of the woman's legs over her shoulder to give her better access to the pussy that she was eating.

The woman grabbed Janet by the head and, in a strained voice, said: "Shit, teacher, you know how to eat pussy!" She held Janet's face captive in her crotch until she came; Janet came away with a grin on her face, and her face all messy from the woman's pussy.

The woman went to her knees and with no hesitation began to lick her own juices from Janet's face. They ended with a long, tongue kiss.

"Wow!" the woman said. And turning to Julie said:

"Thank you for letting me use her. She's wonderful."

"She is that," Julie said smiling, as the room service attendant left the room.

"You are priceless," Julie said to Janet, pulling her into her arms for a kiss. As they hugged, Jane could feel the pressure of the strapon cock through Julie's running pants.

"You feel so nice, my love," Janet said. She stared up into Julie's face and said, with a smile, "It makes me so happy to do things that you want me to do."

Julie just smiled in return and said to Janet: "It makes me so happy to have you as my lover. It's simply too hard for me to explain to you how it felt, when I recognized that the ass wiggling on the stage was yours! I knew then who the dance was for. You are so priceless."

Over dinner, Janet said to Julie that she wanted to talk to her about something.

"What is it, puss?" Julie asked.

Janet was embarrassed, and it was obvious. Julie asked her about it.

"I'm so ashamed to say this; you see, I have an idea but I also have some ... uh reservations, kind of some conditions and it makes me feel bad to be that way."

Julie just smiled and said: "Okay, teacher, out with it."

"I was wondering," Janet began, "If it wouldn't be a nice idea to invite your team members to the beach house for a post season party.'

"What a cool idea," Julie said enthusiastically. "But go on; I know there's more."

"Yes, that's the part that makes me ashamed."

"Yes?" Julie prompted

"Well, I think that it should definitely be only the team members. I mean no telling boy friends and other guys about it so that the word gets around that a huge party or binge was going to be held at our house. I wouldn't want that."

"Of course not, sweet puss," Julie said, "Janet, Janet, it's your home and you get to set the rules."

Janet had tears in her eyes immediately. "What is it, love?" Julie wanted to know.

"I'm being a baby tonight, and I'm sorry!" Janet began.

"You're never a baby for being emotional with me," Julie said in a whisper. "What happens whenever I have a night terror? What, Janet?"

"I feed you a nipple to suck on," was Janet's reply.

"Precisely, there's no possibility of you being a baby when we're talking together," Julie said.

Janet leaned in and kissed her then. "I love you beyond love!" she whispered.

"Tell me what it is then," Julie said softly again.

"It's not my house!" Janet said in a whisper, "Julie, it's our house; it's our home."

"Oh my god you are wonderful!" Julie said clasping Janet to her. "And you're also right. No guys, boyfriends or friends are invited. They will be told that any guys that show up will not be allowed on the estate. And if they don't like it; let them not come."

It was at one of the team meetings that Julie offered the invitation. She told the assembled team members that she had a friend that would like to invite them to an end of the season picnic at her home at the beach down the coast.

Alice piped up just then: "Friend, she means 'the Teacher'."

There was a great deal of hooting at Julie then, who took it in good natured stride. Then she continued:

"There are rules here, guys," she began to explain. "I mean it's for us, only for us, for the team members. No guys, no pig party, no blow out. It's only a party for the team. She's my friend and I want you to respect that."

At the word 'friend' there was hooting and yaaayaaing again. Julie stopped and said to them: "You guys are the worst!" They hooted again. But one of the co-captains spoke up then:

"Ace, this is really nice of her; and we promise, all of us; we'll keep this private only for us."

"Cool," Julie said.

They came in a few cars, and were surprised, when they were stopped at the gate by Win.

"What the heck is this?" the Boss wanted to know, "A gate keeper? Is this an asylum?" Someone quipped in answer that an asylum was exactly what the Boss needed.

Janet was waiting for them outside of the house, when they drove up. She was wearing a tee shirt, no bra, and a pair of white lycra cycle type pants, plus a pair of white lace bikini panties. She was smiling but was positively radiant, when she saw Julie.

Julie went to her and put her arms around her, collecting a kiss. This started the team members hooting again. Julie grinned at them and Janet blushed.

"Hey," someone said, "I think Ace is in love."

Julie turned to Janet and said quietly: "I think so too." Janet kissed her again. More hooting from the team.

Then the Boss spoke up with some sarcasm in her voice: "So, what is this place, Ace? Some kind of institution; it's pretty damn lavish. Or did you guys rent it for the party?" She turned and smiled at the team at her witticism.

It was Janet who answered because she was offended by the Boss' tone and what she said.

She answered tartly: "No, this is Julie and my home." With her answer she gave 'the Boss' a look that was just withering.

Julie laughed. "I told you guys that she is a teacher but you need to mouth off, Boss, so it serves you right. You'd just better watch."

Janet was agitated but calmed down immediately. And what she'd said and the way she'd said it had an immediate effect on the Boss, who above all respected money, when she realized that she was around it.

"Your home?" she said in a quiet voice now.

"Yes, our home," Janet answered.

"It's way beyond lovely," was the Boss' next reaction.

Julie broke in then: "Come on, guys, there's food and the Gulf is beautiful today."

They surged after her into the house. The Boss stayed just a few seconds; she touched Janet's arm, as she was about to enter the house:

"I can be such a bitch, I know," the Boss said, "Please forgive me for running off at the mouth. I guess that I'm still so thrown by your dance the other day."

Janet smiled, "It was quite a thing." And she followed the Boss into the house.

Julie was in the middle of a tour; she started with the guest wing with its workout room and three other bedrooms and two bathrooms. She showed them the living/family room. The kitchen and dining area and the wing with the computer/office and the master suite, including the screen room high up off of the master. Then they went to the porch in front of the family/living room. They were agog by it all. They just loved the private tanning porch that was a few steps up off of the big porch in front of the living room/family room.

Janet had disappeared for a few moments. When she reappeared, she was wearing the one piece white nylon bathing suit. "Oh my god!" someone said, as she came into the room. Julie went to her; she put her arm around Janet's waist and said to all of them:

"Hey, everyone, this is Janet, the love of my life, and our hostess."

They all came over to say 'hi' to Janet, who was overwhelmed by their friendliness. As they came to her mentioning names and shaking her hands, Julie had her hand on Janet's ass, playing with her ass cheeks. Janet ever so slightly wiggled her ass against Julie's hand. When the Boss finally got to Janet and Julie, she also shook hands and mentioned her name. To Julie she said, with a grin: "Nice hands, Ace."

Julie grinned back at her: "But, Boss, with an ass like this, what else am I supposed to do?"

"Gotcha!" the Boss said.

Then Janet spoke up to the group: "Julie and I hope you'll make yourselves at home. We'll have a pizza dinner later but now we thought you might like to swim a little and maybe catch some sun."

They were all pleased with the suggestions and there was a general stripping off of clothing in the room. They were teammates and were used to being naked around each other. Gradually the group shaped up into a group of bathing beauties. Julie went to the master and came back with her yellow one piece that matched Janet's. There were whistles and cat calls now, as she entered. Janet made sure that she got into position, and while Julie was talking, played with her ass, as Julie had previously.

Then it was the beach and the Gulf for the next few hours. After swimming, when everyone was ready to get out, the girls were all waiting for Janet and Julie to get out of the water. They were alone on the beach. The two of them got out, their one piece suits now transparent and stood posing for the group, as the teammates cheered.

The afternoon turned out to be idyllic. They went into the house and then to the tanning porches to lie in the sun for a while. They were silent for a bit but then the chatter level rose again. After a while, as the sun began to sink, Janet told them that it was time for pizza, so they all piled into the house.

The pizzas were delivered to the gate and Win accepted them, paid for them and brought them to the house. He was introduced to the team, and they fussed over him for a while. There was a period of silence as everyone got as much pizza as they needed to have. Then it was off to the porch to watch the sunset, which, in true Gulf of Mexico fashion, was wonderful.

When it was finally dark, they went inside. One of the girls, Jennie, the goalie and the captain announced to them that they were going to have team photos taken.

"Everyone in bathing suits for the photo; let's make it glamorous, gang."

They clattered off to get into their suits, as Win was called back to take the photos. They were all soon back, with Julie and Janet in their sexy one piece suits. They all also insisted that Janet join them. She was reluctant, so Julie told her to sit in front of the standing team members as a mascot. Janet blushed but this suggestion was met with general approval.

The photos were taken and approved. But then Jennie, the goalie, waved for silence again. She said:

"Gang, some of us are graduating; this lovely gang won't be together as a team after this year. So, one more photo for our memoirs. Everyone strip naked and we'll take a stunner and make sure that everyone gets a copy."

There was general squealing but also a great deal of instant stripping.

"And," Jennie added, "No one is going to betray this team by posting this photo." She turned to Win who was now blushing himself. "Sorry, Win," She said but this will only take a moment or two."

"Don't apologize to me to have to be in a room with a group of gorgeous naked women!" he replied. They rushed him, planting kisses everywhere until Jennie called them back for the photo. They took it arms around each other's shoulders, with Janet sitting in front, her legs askew, showing her pussy. Win took the photo and the girls erupted into a cheer.

Once Win left, they settled down again, and everyone had their 'pjs' on. Janet wore a robe. Julie stepped up to say something. There was a chant immediately of "Ace, Ace, Ace, Ace." "Quiet, you bone heads," she said with a grin. "I want to tell you that we have a little entertainment for you tonight. There were cries of "goodie" from the ramped up crowd.

Julie continued: "Some of you have seen this, and others have heard about it but tonight we'll show you in the flesh. We have a dancer for the crowd tonight."

Janet looked at her with a mixture of concern and questioning. But Julie only winked and quickly went on:

"Tonight you'll be entertained by "THE TEACHER!"

Janet squealed and put her hands to her face. Julie went to her and said: "It's perform for the lions tonight, sweet puss." She slapped Janet's ass, eliciting a cheer from the crowd and sent her off to the bedroom to get ready, as she got the music ready.

The music boomed out and formed Janet's introduction, as she swept into the room, in time to the music, and to the cheers of the group. Unknown to Janet, Jennie the Goalie, a defense player named Gillie and Julie exchanged glances and nods.

Janet was wearing a plan dark blue a-line skirt topped by a simple button blouse, stocking and sensible shoes. She wore dark rimmed glasses and carried a clip board. She made motions as though to lecture the entire group and then turned and began to pretend to write on a blackboard. While writing she was shaking her ass in an almost lewd fashion. The girls were clapping.

Very quickly, while Janet's back was still turned to the group, Jennie and Gillie got up and, moving to the music got on either side of Janet. Janet was surprised but smiled into Jennie's face, as they danced, while Gillie, encouraged by the group began to run her hand over Janet's ass.

"Ever dance the rape dance, teacher?" Jennie wanted to know.

"No, ma'am," Janet said back to her.

"You just follow our lead," Jennie continued. "You get raped."

"Goodie," Janet said, and leaned forward to lick her tongue along Jennie's lips. Jennie, reacting quickly, caught Janet's tongue between her front teeth and held it there, with the crowd cheering.

Jennie let her go and then grabbed Janet's arms, holding them up in the air. As she did this, Jennie began to bump her crotch against Janet's ass, having turned her so that the group could see. Gillie was in front now and ran her hands down the side of Janet's face, causing Janet to wince. Gillie reacted by slapping Janet's face, she pulled the hand just as it came to Janet's cheek but Janet's reaction made it look all too real.

Janet shook her head 'no' and Gillie then feigned a punch to Janet's stomach. Janet bent over with the force of it but Jennie grabbed a hunk of her hair and pulled her back erect, giving Gillie the chance to grab the lapels of Janet's blouse and rip it down the front, exposing her large tits and a lacy white bra.

Janet mouthed the word 'please', but Gillie delivered another slap to Janet's face, while Jennie still held her hands above her head and ground her crotch against Janet's ass.

Next Gillie tore at the waist band button of Janet's skirt and the skirt fluttered to the floor, leaving Janet in the lacy bra and lacy white panties. Jennie let Janet escape at that point, and, still in time to the music, Janet moved as though to get away. Gillie grabbed Janet by the back of her bra and pulled her back. For a few minutes, Gillie had Janet by the back of her bra and Jennie grabbed her by the front of her bra and they tugged her back and forth. Finally, the bra gave way and Janet staggered to the side, only to be grabbed now by the waist band of her panties and the musical tug of war continued. The group was now silent, drawn into the violence of the dance and loving it.

Gillie bent Janet over at the waist so that her panty covered ass was pointed at the cheering group. With a flourish, Jennie untied one tie at the hip of Janet's panties and then the other, twirling the black satin panties over her head and throwing them out into the crowd.

The contrast was finally complete. The two dancers, Jennie and Gillie had stripped the teacher completely naked. The crowd was howling now, as the dance came to a kind of crashing halt.

Jennie looked at the team members and grinned, as Gillie held Janet in place, with Janet's face pressed into her crotch. Jennie spoke up to be heard above the rowdiness:

"Anyone who has ever wanted to spank a teacher needs to come up here."

There was a surge, as they got to their feet and went to where Janet was held 'captive'. They started on her as soon as they got to her. Everyone wanted to slap Janet's naked ass.

Janet screeched: "Julie!"

When the group was spanking her, Julie laughed, looking at her surrounded by all the girls, and said: "Well, sweet puss, if you dance with the cannibals, don't be surprised if you end up as dinner."

Janet was way beyond hot at this point, as the spanking continued. But then, at a sign from Jennie, and a nod from Julie, they stopped the spanking and Janet was taken bodily to the main part of the family room, down the few stairs from the level of the kitchen. They laid her on the floor and surrounded her on their knees immediately. Janet looked up and smiled at Julie as they all descended on her. She put her arms above her head and stretched. There were mouths everywhere: on her nipples, on the sides of her tits, at her mouth, at her ears, at her hips and moving across her belly to her pussy hair; they rolled her to her side so that someone could also have access to her ass crack.

'Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" was the only thing that Jane could manage at first. "Teacher likes this!" she crooned to them. As the sexual feeding continued, Julie was at Janet's head cradling her head in her lap. They went on a long time, pulling Janet through two orgasms.

They finished a sweaty pile. They then lay there for a bit, and it was Janet who got up first. "Guys," she said, "The pool is this way."

With a whoop they followed her for a bit of late night skinny dipping in the pool. After that their friskiness settled and the went to the porch to watch the Gulf in the moon light for a bit.

It was Julie who announced a little bit later that it was in fact bed time. She indicated that the bedrooms were down the north hallway; that there were three of them, and they should take their pick. She and Janet went to the master. It was only a little while later, Janet and Julie were arm in arm in bed, naked, when they heard a noise at the door. There they were, all of them, standing in the doorway.

Julie looked up and said a simple: "Hi, guys." Janet just grinned from her position next to Julie, where she had her arm around Julie's waist and her head resting on Julie's shoulder.

"Come on then," Julie said, "There's probably room for everyone.

They surged into the room and began to take up positions on the bed with Julie and Janet. Once they were all settled in, the bed barely held them but they did fit, it quieted down. Janet turned her head to the side and encounter the smiling face of Jennie. Janet moved her face closer and leaned into a kiss. Jennie licked Janet's lips, as Janet sucked on her tongue. It was enough, as Janet slipped back into sleep.

They left in the morning the next day. Alice took Julie's car, since Julie was staying with Janet for one more day. Janet went to the door and said that she was really, really pleased that they had come for the visit. She collected hugs from everyone, and they were off.

After everyone had gone, Julie and Janet spent part of the day cleaning and straightening. They ended up that night in the observation screen house by the master suite. Julie snuggled down into one of the comfortable chairs and Janet brought a bottle of wine for them. After a few moment's time, Julie said:

"This is all so wonderful, my love."

Janet thanked her and said that she had two gifts for her.

Julie began to mildly protest:

"Oh, no," she said, "You are the gift, this house is the gift, your nipple on the dark nights is the gift. There is no need for anything extra."

Janet lowered her head and said a simple 'thank you.' Then she went on:

"Julie, this is important to me."

Her use of Julie's first name settled it for Julie, who knew then that something important was about to happen.

Janet gave her an envelope. When she opened it, she read by the lamp light there, that it was a certification from Edward Trailor that the house was now detailed in both Janet Peters' and Julie Stone's name equally.

Julie dropped the document and put her hands over her face and simply slumped to her knees. Janet was with her, enfolding her in her arms immediately.

Julie was shaking her head and saying:

"What have I ever done to deserve you! You are simply as close to an angel as I've ever known. What have I done?"

"My dear, my darling, my Julie," Janet cooed into Julie's ear. "This is our home and it needs to be this way."

Julie looked at her before kissing her, and said:

"Yes, Janet, this is our home, our home. Thank you so much."

"No thanks are necessary," Janet said into Julie's ear, "Just be my love."

"That I am," Julie said.

"And one more thing," Janet said now with a grin.

"More?" Julie said.

"Here," Janet said, handing Julie another large envelope. She opened it and found inside two first class ticket to Rome for the Christmas holidays.

"We get to spend Christmas and your birthday there," Janet said.

Julie was grinning and kissed Janet: "This is spectacular."

"Yes," Janet said, "Remember our apartment in Rome."

"Yes, our apartment in Rome," Julie agreed.

"Do you think that your mom will object?" Janet wanted to know.

"Of course not," Julie reassured her.

"Maybe she would come and house sit for us, while we were gone," Janet said then.

"Great idea," Julie said. "Well call and ask her. Now come here and snuggle with me, and be my darling."

Janet wrapped her arms around Julie, as they both drifted At 2:35 AM, Julie woke and turned toward Janet's side of the bed. She saw Janet's eyes glowing in the dark just watching her. She sighed and moved her head a little bit. In anticipation, Janet fed a nipple into her mouth and smiled. With the nipple in her mouth, Julie whispered:

"Janet my Janet."

The flight to Rome for their holiday was a delight. They were in first class and were treated royally by the flight crew. It sent both Julie and Janet into period fits of giggles, as they shared funny stories. They were able to snuggle down for a good rest in the seats that became kind of beds.

Sometime in the middle of the night, somewhere out over the Atlantic, Janet woke to find Julie a little restless in the seat next to her. She moved the arm out of the way, and pulled Julie to her, letting her snuggle in her armpit. Julie sighed and turned into Janet, kissing her shoulder. Janet slowly let her hand creep down the front of Julie's nylon running pants, and under the waist band. For just a moment, she allowed her hand to run over the surface of Julie's panties above her belly. Janet rubbed and Julie smiled in her semi sleep. Then Janet moved her hand and it dove beneath the waist band of Julie's panties and crept through her pubic hair to the lips of her pussy.

It was then that Janet realized that in the semi-dark someone was standing and watching. It was one of the cabin attendants. She smiled at Janet, a kind of reassuring smile and said:

"Please don't let me disturb you; Let me get you a cover." She came back quickly and spread a cover over the two women, smiling again at Janet. "Enjoy,"she said to Janet, and Janet reached out and took her hand for a few seconds and kissed the back of her hand. The cabin attendant grinned then and mouthed the words 'thank you'. She bent her head to Janet and whispered: "She's lovely."

Janet said back to her: "I know; isn't it wonderful?"

"It sure is," was the answer from the cabin attendant, as she wandered away.

Julie squinted at Janet and asked, in a sleepy voice: "Who's lovely?"

Janet said: "You are," and kissed Julie.

Then Julie smiled a kind of seductive smile and asked: "What are you doing to me?"

Janet grinned and said: "Something nice; something to make you sleep; something I like."

"Hmm," Julie crooned, "I like it too."

Janet continued until Julie just buried her face in Janet's shoulder and made sounds that only Janet could hear. Julie snuggled down against Janet and asked in the same sleepy voice:

"Are you really taking me to Rome, Janet, my Janet?"

"Yes, I am, Julie, my love," Janet whispered.

"What are you going to do in Rome?" Julie asked.

"Anything you tell me to," was Janet's answer.

"Oh, good," Julie said, and bit Janet's shoulder, as Janet removed her hand from inside Julie's panties and licked her fingers.

The cabin attendant caught her doing that, and grinned at her; asking:

"Taste good?"

Janet grinned back and said: "She tastes wonderful. You should try her."

"Too bad I can't," she said, moving in front of them just where Janet was.

"Yes, too bad," Julie said sleepily, running her hand up under the cabin attendant's skirt. She grinned at the woman, who jumped just a little bit, at the feel of the hand non her thigh. Then she kept talking to Janet and let Julie play with her pussy through her pantyhose and panties.

"Thank you," she said, after a bit, breathing hard but not having been brought to orgasm. "I need to get back to work."

"Too bad," Julie said, as the attendant wandered off.

So that, they reached Rome rested, instead of exhausted.

Janet had made arrangements for a limo to pick them up at the airport and they easily found the young driver, Gino, who was waiting for them. He held in the air a sign reading "Ms. Peters/Ms Stong."

Gino's eyes lit up, when he saw the two lovely ladies, who were his passengers.

"Benvenuti a Roma!" he greeted them.

They were extremely pleased with 'their apartment' in the region of the city near the Piazza Navonna. They were a short walk from the Pantheon, and the Vatican.

It was still morning in Rome, so they wanted to explore right away. They took a joint shower, lingering under the water to kiss each other, but soon they were out and on their way.

Julie wore jeans but told Janet to wear a skirt. Janet ended up with a pleated mini, despite the temperature in the 40's outside in Rome. Then they were off. They spent a really exciting afternoon exploring the area around the Piazza Navonna and the Pantheon. They went back to the apartment in the early evening to freshen up before going out to dinner.

They were both wearing skirts, when the finally ventured out to dinner, having decided to try one of the restaurants in the Piazza Navonna. They selected one at random and went in. They were only in the entrance to the restaurant a few minutes, when Janet made a suppressed squealing sound. Julie turned to her and said:

"What is it?"

Janet's answer, given with great animation was: "It's Mr. D, my Uncle Cal's friend, the one who gave me the Lincoln." She was pointing at a single gentleman sitting at a table.

He just then looked up and his face brightened into a huge smile. He beckoned them, and, having caught the host's eye, had them brought to his table to be seated with him.

He rose as they neared and enfolded Janet in his arms: "Janet, how nice to see you!"

Janet then said: "Mr. D, this is Julie."

He took Julie's hand and kissed her hand. "A friend of Janet," he enthused, "Is welcome at my table. Please sit."

Their chatting was pleasant during the meal; Mr. D was certainly charming. He would periodically put his hand over Janet's as they spoke. He was extra intrigued by the fact that Julie had been Janet's student. Finally, the meal ended, he spoke up:

"I am wondering, Janet dear," (Again his hand was over hers, making Janet a little nervous, although she really liked him.) "If your lovely companion would forgive us if we were to go off on our own; I'd like to invite you to spend the night with me."

Janet glanced at Julie who simply smiled. She turned to Mr. D and said:

"Mr. D, thank you for the invitation, an exciting one," She began, as Mr. D smiled at her

"I need to tell you though that Julie is not merely my traveling companion, she is my lover and my mistress." Here Janet put her hand over Julie's at the table.

Mr. D never missed a beat; he raised his glass in Julie's direction and said: "I'd like to drink to your extreme good fortune in your lover."

Julie thanked him and raised her glass to his, as Janet blushed.

Mr. D said, charmed, "And she still blushes!"

"It's one of her most engaging characteristics," Julie said. Then, turning to Mr. D, added:

"But let me ask you, sir, if you need to be deprived of Janet's exciting company for the night because she and I are lovers, would it suit you if the two of us spent the night with you?"

"You have bested me with your generosity," Mr. D said with a smile, which was broadening, "And maybe you overestimate the strength of an old man."

"No old man, indeed," Julie said, "And besides, sir, we promise to do all the work; don't we, puss?"

Janet grinned at both of her table companions and said: "Yes, sir we do."

"Well," he concluded, "We have the evening and the night ahead of us; let us take advantage of it."
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter 21 »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 20|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 21
Posted: November 20, 2009 - 05:14:53 pm
Updated: May 01, 2013 - 09:19:29 am

"Could we please stop for a moment or two at our apartment on the way to yours?" Julie asked. He consented immediately and they went there first. They got the few things that they needed and went on to his hotel. Once there, Janet and Julie went into one of the two huge bathrooms that the bedroom part of the suite contained, and Mr. D went into the other. He came out wearing only a pair of green silk pajama bottoms an settled onto the bed.

Soon, the bathroom door opened and Julie appeared in the bathroom doorway. She was wearing only a smile on her face and a pair of yellow bikini panties. She posed in the doorway for him.

Mr. D said with low voiced appreciation: "Spectacular! The body of a lovely, young athlete."

She smiled and went to him on the bed. She nestled down with him on the bed, and he spread his arm to encompass her.

"No," she said, smiling up into his face, and placing a quick kiss on his lips, "Spectacular is coming right away; I'm the appetizer."

"Well, then," he grinned, "The main course must be something indeed."

"Oh, she is," Julie promised. Just then music started to blare. Julie continued: "She's going to dance for us."

"Hmm, dance," Mr. D said.

"Watch," was Julie's comment.

Mr. D settled down to do exactly that. His arm, wound around Julie's shoulder and sought out one of her nipples and began to play with it. She reached down his front and inserted her hand inside the fly opening of his pajamas, grasping his cock in her hand, and holding it.

Then Janet came out of the bathroom. She posed in front of them at first. She was wearing a white blouse, a white pleated mini, that buttoned up the side with large black buttons and red five inch heels.

She threw a kind of provocative pose at both Julie and Mr. D on the bed. Julie just grinned, Mr. D. Joined her, pinching Julie's nipple a little, as he watched Janet begin her dance, swaying to the music, and twirling. The twirling showed the semi transparent pearl colored panties that she was wearing.

"Very nice," Mr. D said.

With an eye still on Janet, who was dancing on Mr. D's side of the bed, Julie moved and took one of Mr. D's nipples in her mouth. It brought a sudden sighing sound from him. Both Janet and Julie grinned at him.

Stalking across the whole side of the room, she soon left her blouse behind her, flinging it onto the bed at Julie and Mr. D, who were both grinning now.

Janet swayed with the music and fiddled with her buttons, walking soon out of her skirt altogether. She moved around in her panties and bra, bending over to pick up her discarded skirt, with her ass to the bed, her thin, pearl colored panties nicely framing her luscious ass cheeks.

When she bent over, Mr. D clapped. She turned and with a swift movement, had the bra off and threw it at him. He caught it with a flourish.

Now, she just danced for them.

At this point Julie moved too. She grabbed the waist band of Mr. D's pajamas, and slowly tugged it off, as Janet danced near his head. Once Julie had him naked, she began by sucking on his toes.

"Ohhhhhh!" he said, "Who are you two?" He was wide eyed at the treatment he was receiving, for Julie had now moved so that she had the crown of his cock in her mouth.

Janet had her panties off and in her hand then with a flourish. She moved over and dropped them onto Mr. D's face, right over his mouth, and she pressed her own mouth over his, kissing him through the musky fabric of the panties, while Julie slowly sucked his cock.

Janet snaked her way down to where Julie was giving Mr. D the blow job. She grasped Julie's head in her hands, and while Julie locked eyes with her dancing love, Janet began to push Julie's head downward.

This brought another long moan from Mr. D, as Julie slowly swallowed his cock, with the direct pressure from Janet's hands. Julie never took her eyes off of Janet, as she deep throated him.

Then the dance ended, and Mr. D was clapping. Janet, grinning, moved onto the bed and her lips met Julie's with Mr. D's cock between their lips.

Julie looked up at the smiling man and said to him: "Mr. D, what will it be; here we are at your disposal."

He thought only a second and said: "The athlete sitting on my cock and the dancer sitting on my face."

"Ohhhhh, goody," Janet said, as Julie straddled him and fitted his stiff cock into her already wet pussy. She wiggled her way down onto it, snuggling into a fucking rhythm.

"Wonderful," he said, watching Janet crawl her way up to him. She settled her knees on either side of his face and set her pussy lips down to meet his lips.

There were only wet sounds for the next 10 minutes. Mr. D came with a loud sigh, and eyes clenched closed. Julie moved to lie next to him, and Janet moved then to be down at his cock. She began to lick the softening prick and cleaned it with her mouth. He watched with a new look of wonder on his face. The look became even more wondrous as Janet moved then between Julie's thighs and proceeded to lick her pussy and take from her pussy Mr. D's cum.

"You two are one of the wonders of the world," he said.

The girls both giggled. Julie said: "We're not really done though."

He answered with a rueful smile: "If only I were 15 years younger."

Then Janet spoke up: "Mr. D, if I get it hard again, can we do anything that I want?"

He laughed: "Aha, a challenge; yes, of course."

During the next 10 minutes, Janet worked slowly with his softened cock and slowly it came back to life, standing in the air, with Janet licking up and down its sides.

"What is your desire?" he wanted to know.

Janet smiled shyly at Julie and said: "I would like to eat Julie's pussy, while you take me in the ass."

"Ohhh," Julie said, "Our dirty girl!"

"Inventive," he replied, "I like that."

He moved in behind her, as Janet settled herself down on the bed, with her knees still on the floor and her mouth at Julie's thighs. She began to lick her way with kisses up Julie's thighs. Julie was smiling and groaning as Janet neared the middle of her spread legs.

Mr. D brought his stiff cock into contact with Janet's wet pussy and snugged it inside, causing Janet to breath loudly, groaning into Julie's pussy. Then he slid out and began to push his cock against Janet's asshole.

"What an ass," he marveled, as his cock head pushed its way inside of her ass.

She squealed a combination of delight and discomfort into Julie's pussy, who grabbed her head and pulled it in tighter into the wetness of her vagina.

Mr. D, as he pushed further into Janet's ass, slapped her naked ass, sending a tremble of thrill through Janet.

"Oh, she likes that," Julie said.

"Wild!" Mr D said, slapping Janet's ass again.

Julie came in a burst of noise and loud moaning. In a few minutes, Mr. D shuddered and came also, collapsing against Janet and the bed. As he pulled out of her, Janet slumped to the floor on her knees, still breathing hard.

After a few minutes, Janet got up and went into the bathroom. She came back with a wet, warm wash cloth and a towel. She cleaned first Mr. D, and the went to clean Julie, planting a kiss on Julie's pussy, when she was finished with the washing.

"You two have made a very happy man of me," Mr. D said.

"Our pleasure," Julie said, leaning over for a quick kiss. Janet kind of blushed, as she crawled onto the bed and took her place between the two of them.

"Do you mind staying over?" he wanted to know. "I don't know about you two lovely ladies but this old man is tired, after such a workout."

The two of them scoffed at his 'this old man' statement, and, almost as if it were planned, climbed on top of him. He laughed outright and ended with one lovely naked lady in each arm pit. They both took turns kissing him, and kissing each other in the process.

Finally, Julie said a soft, "Good!" into his ear and they let him go to sleep. Julie and Janet, now on one side of the bed again. Snuggled against each other with Janet in the middle. Mr. D's hand was at his side, as he rested on his back. Janet reached around and took his wrist, turning the hand a little bit and letting it rest, palm out against her ass cheek.

"Lovely," he said, before drifting off.

It was sometime in the dark of the night that Janet woke, as she often did. She listened to Julie's sleeping noises but detected no sign of any distress. She was curled in Julie's arm pit, and noticed that Julie's left nipple was only a few inches from her face. She licked at the nipple and then took it into her mouth to suck on it. Julie made contented noises but that's all.

Then Janet moved, and pushed Julie's thighs apart a bit, enough to allow her room between them. She began to lick at the slit of Julie's pussy. Gradually, as Janet continued to lick at Julie's pussy, she began to insert her tongue into the folds of her vagina.

"Janet, my Janet," Julie whispered and pulled Janet's face into her pussy. Then the pressure on Janet's head eased and Julie said:

"Move your pussy up here, girl."

Janet did and they soon were involved with each other, in a classic 69 position. Janet moved her head farther down to allow her tongue an angle to lick at Julie's ass crack. Then she went back to eating Julie's pussy, as Julie did the same for her. When they came, Janet left out a squeak. They both then noticed that Mr. D was watching them.

"Beautiful sight," he said.

The two girls then scrambled down on the bed and let their lips meet around his erect cock. They proceeded to suck him off. Then they all slept.

Julie and Mr. D were awake early the next morning. They left Janet asleep and stretched out on the bed. There were two bathrooms in the suite and they were both refreshed and dressed after a bit.

"Shall I order breakfast?" he wanted to know.

"Yes," she said, grinning, "Have the waiter bring it in here; we'll teach sleepy head a little lesson."

The waiter came with the breakfast after just a bit, and they asked him to bring it into the bedroom, where Janet was sprawled naked across the bed. The waiter stopped and just stared at her. All the commotion woke her and she looked up at him staring at her and grabbed for the covers.

"Don't you dare," Julie said in a commanding voice, and Mr. D laughed.

"Haul that lovely ass of yours out of bed now, sleepy head and give the nice man a tip."

Janet grinned shyly at Julie and scrambled out of bed, and to her knees in front of the waiter, who simply stared at her. She never took her eyes off of Julie as she unzipped the waiter's pants, and took out his stiffening cock.

Julie and Mr. D were watching and grinning as Janet, her had bobbing up and down proceeded to give the waiter his tip: a first class blow job. When she was finished, and had put him away. She said a shy: "Thank you!" to him and sat back on her heels. He left then and she remained there just grinning.

Julie moved over to where she was and Janet clasped her arms around Julie's knees, burying her face in the front of Julie's running pants.

"I love you," Julie said. Janet responded but her words were cut off by the material of the running pants.

"Okay," Julie said, "Up and at 'em, shower and dress; we're in Rome and we have a program for the day."

"Check!" Janet said and hurried to comply with Mr. D looking on and grinning.

They took leave of their host, who told them that he would have his car take them to their apartment. He made them promise to try to visit him sometime and also made them promise to call him any time that they might need his help.

The two girls rode companionably to their apartment. Just before they got out of the car, the driver gave Janet a letter from Mr. D. She opened it, when they were in the apartment. It read, in part:

Janet, my dear,

We are good enough friends by now that I know you will not mistake my purpose in this letter. I can hardly tell you how much joy meeting you and your lovely companion, Julie, has given me here in Rome.

Please know that I am a man who is always good to his friends. It is my normal practice, in dealing with friends, to be a benefit to them and to give them gifts, when that is possible and appropriate.

This explains the enclosed envelope. Please, my dear, do not for one second think that the envelope has any relation at all to the time we all spent together last night. I assure you on my personal honor that it does not. It is my way of dealing with special friends, and I am overjoyed that you are one of those special friends. Cal was such a special friend and treating you with love, respect and honor is a duty for me.

So, my dear, please accept the enclosed as a token of my esteem for you. I hope you know that you can call on me for help or aid at any time and from any place. Such help or aid will always be forthcoming.

I am,

Your devoted friend,

Mr. D.

Janet looked at Julie with a question mark, holding the inner envelope in her hand.

"What a lovely letter," Julie said. Then, with Janet still kind of staring at her, she said:

"Well open it."

Janet did and found one thousand euros in cash in the envelope.

"Oh, my," Janet said.

Janet looked at Julie and she grinned; Julie joined her in the grin and they both said at the same time:

"Shopping!"
Chapter 22 »
Home | Top | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 21|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 22
Posted: May 01, 2013 - 09:27:14 am

JULIE AND ALI VISIT

Rome for Christmas was a true treat for both of them but they were happy to be back in their Florida home, when it was over. Soon enough Julie had to go back to school. But Janet promised to come for a visit at her first opportunity.

After that things settled down again to a regular life for them. Julie was back at school and Janet was working at the Real Estate agency, where things were going well. Profits were up, the business of the office was being run very efficiently and Janet was tickled to show herself in her panties every now and then to tease Mr Mars.

It was a Friday and the whole office decided to take an early day. Janet went home at 2 PM and was ready for a shower and maybe a swim. She had just gotten out of her car, when she heard the gate activate, after a beep from the warning panel on the side of the house. Since no one called ahead to ask to have the gate opened, Janet turned in great anticipation. Her joy was realized, when Julie pulled into the larger parking area around the main house from around the bend of the driveway.

Janet's face was wreathed in smiles, as she bounded to where Julie was getting out of her car.

"Julie, Julie," she cried, "What a wonderful surprise."

Saying this, she flung herself into Julie's arms for a lingering kiss. She raised her head then and exploded again with the words:

"And you brought Ali with you!"

Now Janet hurried over to where Alice was watching the two of them, her roommate Julie and her lover with a kind of wonder and almost envy.

She met Janet's charge and put her arms around her for a hug.

"What a nice surprise," Janet said then, going back to Julie. "And thank you for bringing Ali with you."

Here Janet sank to a knee and kissed Julie's hand.

"You two are amazing," Alice said, "Friends, lovers, and I'm not sure what."

Julie grinned at her room mate and said:

"It's she who is amazing. Look at her." (Here Janet raised her arms on high as though to display herself.) "Business woman, former high school teacher, and look at the ass on her." (Janet turned her back to the two girls and wiggled her ass at them then.)

There was a cascade of laughter then, as Julie darted forward to slap Janet on the ass.

"Oooops!" Janet squealed and straightened up, putting her arms around Julie's neck for another kiss.

"Something to drink, wicked mistress?" Janet said with a glint in her eye.

"Wicked? Is it?" Julie said, grinning back at Janet. "You'll be spanked later for that."

"I hope so," Janet said, grinning at Alice.

"Yes, and I have reinforcements with me today to make the spanking that much worse."

Janet squealed and hugged Julie again and held out an arm so that Alice could join them in the hug.

"Oh, a girls' weekend, how nice," Janet said, kissing each of them in turn.

"Now something to drink? I have to shower and clean up; I've just come from the office."

They trooped inside. Alice took the time to say: "I still can't believe the beauty of your home."

"Thank you," Janet said, "Julie and I love it."

"You two sit, and I'll bring drinks," Janet said, as she moved away toward the kitchen part of the huge room.

"Swing your ass, businesswoman," Julie said in a commanding voice.

Without missing a step, Janet reached down and pulled her skirt to her waist, showing, as she strode away, her rose colored panties, and thigh highs.

"Oooooo," Julie cooed, "Grannies today."

Janet looked over her shoulder and asked, in a sincere voice, "You like?"

"I always like," Julie answered, sending a kiss to Janet.

Janet came back with chips and cokes for the two girls. She set them down and then knelt by Julie.

"May I ask a favor please, Mistress?" she said simply.

Alice simply smiled and watched the interaction.

"Yes, sweet puss," Julie answered.

"Can we have Alice room with us tonight? I hate to banish her to the guest wing by herself. I promise to be good."

"I think that she'd like that but only if you promise not to be good," Julie replied and Alice laughed.

"I'm going to shower," Janet said, "You two jocks just mind your p's and q's because there will be a naked woman in the house in a few minutes."

She gave them a fierce grin as she moved away.

"In a minute we'll show you why all of the conference are afraid of University of Florida women's soccer," Julie said.

"Well, so that you can find the naked woman," Janet said, unzipping her skirt and pushing it from her, "I'll leave a trail."

The skirt fluttered to the floor, next went her suit jacket and as she was getting to the stairs to up to the master wing, the blouse hit the floor too.

"Let's get her, Ali," Julie shouted and the two young women jumped to their feet.

Janet squealed and raced up the stairs. When Julie and Alice got up the stairs, they found Janet, now totally naked in the doorway of the master suite with her arms up along the frame of the door, her ass sticking out and swaying back and forth. She was staring at the stairs, where Julie and Alice were ascending, and smiling.

"Spanking time," Julie said, and Janet sprinted into the room.

Before she was a third of the way across the room, Alice tackled her and they both hit the bed laughing.

Julie was upon them in a few seconds. She told Janet to lie on the bed with her knees on the floor. Janet did and began to hide her face in the blanket.

"Keep your face up where we can hear you, bitch!" Julie ordered.

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said and waited.

The first blow came form Julie and it was stinging and hard. Then Alice joined in and the two of them rained blows down on Janet's naked ass, turning it bright red.

Janet began by moaning and was almost sobbing quickly. Julie said, while still spanking: "How soon will you call me wicked again, Janet?"

"Not soon, maybe never ever," Janet said, and they stopped.

"Maybe tomorrow," Janet said with a grin and they gave her five more slaps to the ass.

She turned at that point and threw her arms around Julie's neck, saying fervently:

"Julie, I love you like there's no tomorrow; I know that Alice is here but I don't care who knows how much I love you; I just don't care."

"I know, I know, and I love you too, sweet puss," Julie crooned at her.

Then she extended her arm and brought Alice into the hug too.

They untangled and Alice said: "This is such a lovely room; the view is gorgeous."

"Wait until you see it with the moon light streaming in," Julie said; then she giggled and said: "And nobody wearing clothes."

"WoooHooo!" Janet cried and Alice laughed with them.

"Shower time," Janet said, getting up, and looking marvelous in her nakedness. Julie moved to her and put her arm around her shoulder, rubbing Janet's reddened ass, as she stood there. "Shall we swim after that or lunch after the shower?"

Alice blushed and said that she didn't have a bathing suit with her. Julie and Janet looked at each other and said together: "Shopping!"

Alice blushed again and stammered a bit. It was Julie who rescued her by saying to Janet: "Alice is on a tight budget."

"Oh, Alice," Janet said, "I'm not trying to insult you, Julie can tell you that but, you see, my wonderful Uncle left me all of this in his will, including huge, gigantic piles of money. The shopping trip is my treat. I'm not lording it over anyone; I just enjoy treating my friends this way."

Julie smiled at Alice and said: "Ali, what she's saying is true. We'll go shopping and then lunch."

Alice made an emotional noise and said: "What friends you both are," moving in for a hug.

Julie spoke up then and said: "We have to go looking for a pussy suit for Ali, Janet."

"Pussy suit?" Alice said.

"Take your shower and put on your pussy suit, sweet puss," Julie ordered, and Janet went to do that.

She was back after the shower in just a little wearing the white one piece suite.

"Ohhhhh dear!" Alice drawled. "That's really sexy."

"I have one like it," Julie said, "When we get you outfitted, we'll have every guy on the beach after us."

"Guys?" Alice said with a question mark on her face.

"Guys," Julie said, "Right, Janet?"

"Of course right," Janet said, "This weekend we'll plan to get laid."

Julie gave Janet a 'high five' at that and they all three of the laughed.

"Let me change and then it's shopping and lunch at the 'Lock 'N Key'".

They went shopping first at a beach-wear emporium. They rather quickly gathered a few bikinis for Alice to try on, some of them almost too brief for words. But both Julie and Janet insisted that Ali try them on. They were all together in the changing room area, and were giggling up a storm. They drew the attention of the woman who owned the emporium. She came to them and, grinning broadly asked:

"Are you ladies helping her or assaulting her?"

Julie and Janet joined in the giggles at that point.

The woman asked, looking at Janet: "Aren't you the new office manager at Mar's?"

Janet smiled and said: "Yes, I'm Janet Peters and this is Julie Stone and Alice Wagner."

Julie then told Janet: "Tell her what we want."

Janet smiled and said: "We're looking for what we call a 'pussy' suit for her. It's, ah, a one piece, stretch material, one color and is cut really high on the thighs."

"Yes," the woman smiled at them, "A, uh, pussy suit. Well let me get a few to show you."

She came back soon carrying a selection, and Ali immediately loved the red one.

"Would you like to try it on?" the woman asked.

Ali blushed and both Julie and Janet said: "Of course, she would."

When Ali came out of the changing area with the red suit on, she was both blushing and also strutting. The suite looked magnificent on her. Janet and Julie crowded around her, running their hands up and down the front and back of the suite, praising how it looked on Ali.

"I can see that this is a very hands on group," the Woman concluded.

"Yes, it is," Julie said, "We're pals."

Janet smiled at that and kissed the back of Julie's hand, causing the woman to raise her eyebrows.

"I see," she said with a voice that just barely hid envy somewhere.

"Ali?" Janet asked. And Alice shook her head 'yes'.

"Good," the woman said, taking the two suits, including the red one, that Ali wanted.

Julie spoke up then: "We need to go for a beach walk." She turned to the woman and continued: "We want to attract some men."

"Well," the woman said, with a sigh, "Wearing suits like that you certainly will accomplish that end."

Janet paid the bill and they left. When they were outside, Julie said to Janet:

"Puss, I think she liked you."

"Really? You think so?" Janet asked.

"Of course," Ali added.

"But what's strange about that?" Julie wanted to know. "You're so hot."

Janet grabbed Julie and gave her a kiss on the neck as they went to the car and headed for lunch.

They did cause a stir at their beach walk. They went to the lower beach on the key and went to the far upper end of the beach. As they walked by with bags for towels and blankets, every head turned toward them. Alice in red, Julie in blue and Janet in white were the center of attraction as they passed.

They lolled in the sun for just a little talking.

"So, sweet puss," she said to Janet, "Can you find us an able man?"

"Someone we can three time?" Janet said with a smile.

"Exactly," Julie said, and Ali blushed.

"Yes, I can," Janet said. "There's always Win but he doesn't sleep with the boss and I don't want to just watch." Then she had an idea:

"Hey, why don't I call Tim? he's already half way in love with you two because of the way that you play soccer."

Julie looked at Ali and they both grinned. "Cool," Julie said. "See if you can make it for tomorrow."

She called Tim, as the other two were out on the screen porch looking at the Gulf. She asked him to come over for a swim tomorrow and he said 'yes' right away. She told him that Win would let him in, if she were in the Gulf swimming. She said nothing about Alice and Julie, that would be her surprise.

Janet fixed salads for the three of them and they all went out on the screened porch to eat dinner with a bottle of white wine. The evening was pleasant, and the sunset was gorgeous. The three of them, after dinner was all settled and the clean up done, decided on a swim. Since they didn't want to get back into their bathing suits that were wet from that afternoon, the simply swam naked for a while, before bed.

As the evening fell, they sat on the screened deck overlooking the Gulf and talked. Finally, it was Alice who said:

"Look, you two, I know what an item you are, and that you haven't seen each other for a while; I really, really would prefer to sleep in the guest room tonight."

"Oh, no!" Janet protested immediately, "Julie, please."

Julie put her hand on Janet's as she spoke: "Ali, she's right. While you're here we are sharing. You and I do our celibacy thing at school by out mutual agreement but here we're going to share the teacher."

Alice smiled a kind of shy smile and said: "Well, if you do insist."

Janet moved then; she went to Alice, kneeling in front of her and kissed her knee and then her hand, saying: "Alice, we're not going to force you to do anything that you don't want to do. Just stay with us, please."

Julie laughed: "She can be very persuasive, Ali, watch out." Then turning to Janet she said:

"Puss, my puss, we won't have to do very much forcing to get our Ali to play with us tonight."

"Oh good!" Janet said with obvious enthusiasm.

"Shall we shower before bed?" Julie asked, "Wash off the chlorine?"

"Good idea," Ali said.

Then Janet chimed in: "Let's shower and wash off Ali!"

There was a kind of scramble then to get to the shower in the master bedroom. Julie and Janet put Alice between them, and they washed her. They turned her around so that they could take turns soaping her front and her back. In no time, Alice was sighing from the effect of Janet's hand soaping the inside of her ass cheeks, and Julie soaping her nipples.

"Boy, doesn't this make you feel special!" Alice said, sighing.

"It's because you are," Janet said, kissing the back of her neck.

They dried her off then and the three of them headed for the bedroom together. Julie said that Janet should sleep in between the two of them. They opened the blinds that closed off the view of the Gulf from them and let the moon shine in. Julie turned Janet over on her side and started to squeeze Janet's ass cheeks, as Janet began to kiss the side of Ali's face, biting ever so slightly on her ear lobe. It made Alice shiver with joy. Then Alice turned her head and Janet's lips met hers. At the same time, Julie began to invade Janet's asshole with her finger, first only one and then two. This caused Janet to moan into Alice's mouth as she kissed her, and reached down to run her fingers through the thatch of Alice's pussy hair, while she kissed her.

Janet found Alice's clit at about the same time that Julie moved her finger enough to begin to play with Janet's. The playing became more and more fervent until both Ali and Janet were shaking and cumming.

They lay quietly for a few minutes to calm down. Janet said then into the night:

"Guess who played but got missed that time with no one to play with her."

"Get her," Ali said, and both she and Janet moved.

Janet snuggled down behind Julie and began to lick her tongue down the back of Julie's spine and soon enough lodged the tongue inside of Julie's ass cheeks. Ali lay there and said softly to Julie:

"Jules, do you mind?"

Julie answered by leaning toward her college room mate and kissing Ali on the lips; Ali's mouth smoothly opened to invite in Julie's tongue.

Julie said then: "No, Ali, this weekend is for all of us."

"Oh nice!" Ali said, as she renewed kissing Julie and moved her hand down to muss with Julie's pussy hair and then her pussy itself.

Julie just lay back and let herself be the center of attention for the next ten minutes. The two women working on her had Julie bucking and moaning into her orgasm. Soon her thrashing subsided a bit.

Then Janet hugged Julie, saying to her, to the night in general and so that Ali could hear:

"Julie, darling of darlings, I love you like my life itself. You give me passion, direction, love, companionship, and a friendship that is as precious as anything I have, and I want to thank you for bringing Ali here for the weekend. Please make sure she knows that I'll do anything that you tell me to do, anything."

"We know that, sweet puss," Julie said. She kissed Janet on the lips, while Ali snuggled against Julie's naked back and said to her:

"Janet, my Janet, you are the most genuine person I've ever met; it's my joy and my absolute good fortune to have you as lover and friend."

"And slave!" Janet whispered.

"And slave!" Julie.

There was a silence, which Janet broke: "It makes me so happy that I just want to cry."

Julie moved then so that Janet was between them, and both Julie and Ali held Janet, while she sobbed her joy.

After a bit of silence, Janet spoke up again:

"Julie can I ask something?"

"Anything," Julie said.

"Can we invite Ali to go with us to Rome for Easter?"

"Oh, what a great idea!" Julie enthused.

"What?" Ali exploded.

"No, please now," Janet said, rolling toward Ali, while Janet raised herself on her elbow. "Julie and I have a casa in Rome and we'd love to have you join us."

"This is too much," Ali said, "Now I think I' going to cry."

It took them a long time to settle down that night.

The next day Tim was scheduled to come for a swim in the morning and then some lunch. He said that he would be there at about 11:00 AM. Julie and Alice were on the beach, both were wearing their one piece bathing suits. Janet decided to wait in the house for the signal from the gate that Tim was there.

He arrived on time and Janet buzzed him in. She waited outside for him to park his car, and waved. She was wearing a short silk robe over her white, one piece bathing suit.

"Hey, teacher!" he said with enthusiasm.

"Tim!" she said, returning the enthusiasm.

"This is a real treat," he said, "I mean, you asking me to come over."

Then she sprung her surprise: "Well, Tim, I thought that you might like to meet Julie and Alice; they're down on the beach. We can go and join them."

He was startled by that news and obviously pleased.

"It was my surprise," she said moving in to him and planting a kiss on his lips.

He recovered quickly and answered the kiss, playing briefly with Janet's tongue in the process.

"You can change here," she said, indicating one of the downstairs bathrooms.

He was ready in a hurry and the two of them went out and down to the beach.

"There they are!" Julie kind of crowed. "Hey, Tim," she said extending a hand to him, and Alice did the same.

Tim was awe struck not only because he knew of their soccer skills but because of the way they looked in their bathing suits.

"Bathing beauties," Janet said to him making him laugh.

"Yes, but wait until you see our siren," Julie said and then told Janet to take off her robe.

Janet did and Tim's only words were a barely audible "Wow!"

"You like?" Janet asked.

"What's not to like?" Tim quipped, and turned to Julie smiling.

"I definitely like," Julie said. "Come on in; the water's nice today, calm and warm."

The four of them swam around for the next 45 minutes or so. Then Janet asked them if they were ready soon for lunch. They all agreed that it was time.

Julie spoke up then, saying to Tim: "You first, Tim, and then you get to watch the three graces come out of the water, we'll keep our water nymph 'til last."

"This is gonna be the greatest show on earth," he said, flopping down on the sand to watch.

They came from the water, Julie first, then Ali and they all shouted and called for Janet to emerge. She hesitated and said: "My suit will turn transparent!" in mock horror.

"Tough, puss, get out here," Julie said with mock seriousness.

The other three were hushed as Janet emerged from the water, nipples erect and visible, dark patch of pussy hair visible and, as she turned around to model for them ass crack also visible.

Julie said: "That's the woman that I love," and moved over with a large towel to help Janet dry off. The other two also joined in drying Janet, who ended up dancing around in a kind of ring with her hands in the air.

"Off with you now," Julie said playfully, "You're now the cook; burgers as soon as possible."

They all went into the house. Everyone went off it change. Soon enough Alice and Julie came back wearing running shorts and tee shirts, and Tim emerged from the bathroom wearing shorts and a tee shirt. When Janet came down from the master suite, Julie had spoken to her, she was wearing only an apron.

"Show," Julie said.

Tim was large eyed at the sight of Janet's naked ass, as she turned around to show herself.

"Turn you on, Tim?" Julie asked.

"Yes, ma'am," he said, his respect showing, mixed with his sexual tension.

"Like to fuck her after lunch?" Julie wanted to know next.

"Can I?" he asked a bit amazed.

"One condition," Julie said then.

"Anything," was his quick response.

"Good," Julie continued. "First you have to fuck Alice and then me, only then do you get to use the teacher. After each fuck, Janet will clean your cock with her mouth and clean us up after being fucked."

"Shit!' was his only comment.

"Burgers," Janet called from the kitchen just then, and the other three sat on high stools at the kitchen window bar for lunch.

They ate, and during the meal Tim could hardly keep his eyes off of Janet, whose tits were barely concealed by the front of her apron, and the apron did nothing at all to hide the sight of Janet's stiff nipples.

"She really is a babe, Tim, isn't she?" Julie asked.

He turned to her and admitted: "Yes, she really is."

Finally, Julie said: "Clean up everyone; Tim, you sit and we'll do this; then we'll play."

He settled back and watched as the girls got up and began the clean up. Janet flashed him a huge smile over her shoulder, as she turned to go to the kitchen area and showed him her naked ass.

"Nice, Teacher," he said.

"Thank you!" she said, wiggling her ass cheeks for him as she walked.

When the clean up was done, Julie put some music on the stereo and Janet put on a pair of black spike heels. She came stalking around the breakfast counter from the kitchen area and whipped off the apron. She stood swaying to the music with her hand in the air and said:

"Tim, dance with the teacher."

He joined her in the middle of the floor and they swayed together to the music. She moved around him so that he was in front of her, and she trailed her hands across his upper back and his shoulders and down across his chest. When her hands got to his waist, she, with a quick motion, unbuttoned his shorts and they began to fall.

Soon enough he was dancing in his boxers alone. Tim's attention was so taken by Janet that he didn't notice both Julie and Alice slip out of their clothes but then they joined in the dancing, one to the left of him and one to the right. Janet went to her knees in front of him and grabbed the waistband of his shorts with her teeth, beginning to pull them down with tugs from his teeth.

"Shit!" he exclaimed, "This can't be happening! Fucking day dream."

It was just then that Janet had his shorts finally down and off and captured his bobbing cock in her mouth:

"Day dream?" she said licking the head of his cock

"He's wet, girls," Janet said.

"Good," Alice chimed in with, "He's mine first."

Tim turned in her direction and ran his hands over her shoulders and spiky nipples, and then down her sides to her magnificent thighs and ass.

"Oh, momma," he said.

"Come to me, Timmy," she crooned and pulled him toward the couch.

Janet went to stand with Julie and watched, as Tim fucked Alice on the couch. He was excited enough that he didn't last very long with Alice. When he'd come, Janet moved over to where he was, and put herself between Alice's legs. She began a slow lapping of Alice's pussy to clean her after Tim's fucking. He watched with rapt attention. Then Janet crawled over to where he was and took his slimy prick in her mouth. She sucked on him until he was hard again. Then she stood back on her heels as Julie motioned him to come to the middle of the floor, where she laid him down and sat on his up-raised cock.

Janet moved and sat between Alice's knees to watch Tim fucking her lover. Julie controlled the fucking and gradually pulled Tim along to a climax that had both of them crying out.

Now Janet moved again. She gave Julie a smile as she began the process of cleaning her pussy.

"Fantastic," was Tim's comment, as he watched Janet work on Julie.

Then Janet was with him again, cleaning his cock one more time.

Julie spoke up: "Tim, you fucked Ali and I fucked you, now what do you want to do with our teacher here? It'll be anything you like."

"Really," he said, a bit wide eyed at the offer.

"Really," Julie said.

Tim shot a glance a Janet who was simply smiling and waiting. He looked over at Julie and said:

"Over the hassock, hands tied behind her back; I'm gonna fuck the teacher in the ass."

"Ohhhhhhhh!" Janet sighed, as she moved in the direction of the hassock.

They got her ready, Julie and Alice, while Tim played with himself. He first moved around, once Janet was in place, and presented his prick to her to wet.

"Make him good and wet, puss," Julie said to her.

"Yes, ma'am," she answered, working on his cock with her mouth.

"This is so fucking hot," Tim said with a kind of sigh in his voice.

Then he moved into position, pushing his cock against Janet's asshole, as Ali and Julie stood in front of her.

Janet squealed, as he forced his cock into her asshole. Julie moved closer and pulled Janet's face into her pussy. Janet responded by pushing her tongue out to lap at Julie's pussy. Then it was Alice's pussy in her face, as Tim swung into a rhythm to fuck her ass.

Tim pushed Janet into a major orgasm, while her face was buried in Julie's pussy and then Ali's. She screamed her delight into the pussy, as Tim collapsed over her back with a huge groan.

No one moved for a bit of time. Afterwards it was a shower for everyone and a dip in the pool. As he was leaving, Tim thanked Janet, Julie and Alice, telling them that he'd never forget what they did for him that day. They believed him.

EASTER

As Easter vacation got closer, Janet got busy getting the arrangements ready for their trip to Rome. She sent Julie and Ali a note about the progress that she was making, getting them each a first class ticket, which set off a little celebration for Ali, who was stunned at being so spoiled by her friends. Then she told them that she'd taken care of a limo to meet them at the Rome airport. All they had to do was get their things ready.

They were like three giddy school kids, as they went to the airport, Win drove them and was laughing at their antics all the way. When they piled out of the car at the airport, they each gave Win a huge hug and kiss, making sure to use tongue in the kisses. Win ended up grinning like he'd won the lottery.

They were also pleased to meet a friend in the airport, Andrea McNeal. She played for the other Florida university's woman's soccer team but they knew each other pretty well from all the times they'd competed and gotten together afterwards.

"Hey guys," Andrea said, giving first Julie and then Ali a hug.

Then Julie spoke up: "Andie, this is my high school chemistry teacher, Janet Peters."

"Pleased to meet you, Ms Peters!" Andie said.

Ali hooted: "It worked."

Andie looked confused. "Let me tell her," Ali said.

"Tell me what?" Andie asked.

"Janet was Julie's chemistry teacher, but then Jules, the darling of the university soccer league, seduced her chemistry teacher--who was, truth to be told, willing to be seduced..."

Julie broke in laughing at that point, and said:

"Ali, you're sure as hell going to be a politician!"

Ali bowed to the other three and went on:

"Anyway, once Ms. Peters was seduced and properly rendered manageable by our Jules, she has become Jules' lover, companion, girl friend, best friend, and everything else. Watch out, Andie," Ali concluded, "They are what is known as a love match, and they'll turn you green with envy with their mush love stuff."

"Wow!" Andie said, "Truth?"

Janet looked at Julie and Julie shook her head 'yes'.

"Wait, wait," Andie said, "What was that? What just happened?"

Janet looked at Julie who shook her head 'yes' again.

"I am also Julie's slave!" Janet said softly, "And if she'd say 'yes', I'd prove it right here and now."

Julie moved to Janet and gave her a hug, and said:

"We'll demonstrate that later, sweet puss, we're gonna be girl friends on this trip for a while."

"Wonderful," Janet said, kissing Julie's cheek, while Julie, unnoticed by the crowd by obvious to Ali and Andie, patted Janet's ass cheeks.

"Wow again!" Andie said.

Andie asked if they minded if she hung out with them. They all agreed what a good idea it was. They got themselves situated in the terminal and Janet went to Andie to ask her something. Andie seemed to be shocked and protesting.

"Sweet puss?" Julie asked.

"Sorry, Mistress," Janet said, "I was asking Andie if she'd let me upgrade her to first class, so that we can all ride together."

"Mistress?" Andie said, "It's really true?"

"Every word," Julie said, and then she went on: "Andie, Janet has come into a large, large amount of money; she'd be happy if you'd let her do that for you. You've scrimped and saved for this trip. Let her help you. We'll go together."

Andie blushed but agreed, and Janet went away happily to do that. She waved Andie over to the counter so that she could show her passport and the arrangement was made. They'd sit together in first class.

Julie went to Janet then and said:

"You're so wonderful, sweet puss! I am constantly, constantly proud of you, of you being my lover, the center of my life!"

"Thank you, so much for saying that!" Janet said. "I'm looking so forward to sleeping with you in Rome again."

Then Janet remarked to Julie:

"Gee, Andie and Ali seemed to be getting along well."

"Our Ali has a crush on Andie and I think that Andie feels the same way. This might be a romance trip."

"Oh, that's so marvelous," Janet said.

They took turns on the trip setting with each other and talking a bit. Janet spent a bit of the time with Andie, talking with her about her trip and how much she was looking forward to it. Just before she went back to sitting with Julie, Janet said:

"Here's my number; I always have my phone with me. When you get to Rome call and we can spend time together the four of us, okay?"

"Janet," Andie said a bit shyly, "I can certainly see what Jules sees in you."

"You're going to make me blush," Janet said, and kissed Andie's cheek.

The girls were ready for a rest, by the time that they got to Rome.The arrangement that was made had then getting to Rome in mid day. They were going to have a quiet first evening and hit Rome with vigor the next day.

Janet insisted that Andie let their limo driver drop her off. Andie promised to call and they'd get together the next day.

Julie, Ali and Janet then were taken to the apartment. It had two bedrooms and was a lovely, lovely place.

They were there getting their things arranged, when Janet's phone rang.

She listened for a few second and said:

"Andie, I'm going to put you on speaker, please calm down, love."

Julie and Ali were immediately concerned.

A sobbing and crying voice came over the speaker of the phone:

"They don't have my reservation at the hotel. I don't know why but it's Easter and they're booked and I'm..." here she broke into crying, and Janet said calmly:

"Andi, honey, it's okay; talk to us."

"Should I?" Ali said but Julie shook her head 'no'.

"Mothering is one of the things that she does best; you know my middle of the night tremors," Julie said softly.

"Honey," Janet said, "You're in Navonna; stay there and we'll be there in 10 minutes at the most. You're going to stay with us in Rome; we have more than enough room. That way, Ali won't be lonely, when my love and I are spooning!"

"Spooning?" Julie said, and even Andie was laughing then but Ali was red from blushing.

Janet put the phone down and Julie immediately said:

"Let's go get her! Wonderful, as usual, sweet puss!"

They went and found Andie and her luggage looking forlorn and lonely in a corner of Piazza Navonna. She broke into tears fully, when she saw the three girls hurrying to where she was.

Janet approached her with her arms outstretched and Andie went into them and clung to her.

"It's okay, love;" Janet cooed. "It's fine; it's fine. You're with us now and we have our own place and it's big enough for the four of us. It'll be a girls' thing in Rome for us."

"Oh, thank you, Janet, Ms Peters, so much," Andie said sobbing but getting calmer now. "I don't know how to say 'thank you' properly!"

"You do that by coming and joining us," Janet said. "Now let us help you with the bag and we'll get you settled, a cup of tea and then maybe we'll go out for dinner and a short walk around Navonna."

"Oh, I'd like that!" Andie said and put her arm around Janet's waist.

"See why I love that woman!" Julie said to Ali.

Ali, who had tears in her eyes, said: "She's an angel."

"Yes, she is," Julie said, "And look at the ass on her!"

Janet, who'd heard what Julie said, swung her hips back and forth seductively.

"Andie," Julie said, and Andie turned to see what she wanted.

"When we get all settled tonight I'm going to show you how you spank a teacher!"

Andie laughed as Janet said a loud: "Eeeeeek!" but blew a kiss at Julie also.

They got Andie home and settled. She was enchanted by the loveliness of Janet and Julie's apartment in Rome.

"I love your apartment, Janet," Andie said.

"It's mine and Julie's," Janet said simply. "We're pleased that you're going to join us."

Andie turned to Julie and said: "Is she always this nice?"

"Well, yes," Julie answered, "But wait 'til later, when I have her over my knee, naked and begging for me to stop the spanking. Then you'll see a different Janet."

"Oh, that sounds sexy!" Andie said.

"It is, trust me!" Ali said.

Andie looked at Ali, her eyes twinkling, showing that she did indeed have a thing for Ali and said: "You know too?"

"When I visit them, they insist that I sleep with them!"

"Wow!' Andie said, but then a cloud crossed her face and she said: ""Won't I be in the way?"

"No," Janet said, "There's room for four in our bed. We'll be cosy."

"Cosy is nice," Andie said and watched as Julie grabbed Janet and hugged her, then gave her a huge kiss.

Janet sighed and opened her mouth for the kiss.

Ali went up to Andie then and put her arms around her waist and whispered:

"They're always like that!"

"I envy them!" Andie said.

"So to do I!" Ali agreed.

And then they looked at each other and there was still a bit of shyness in the glance but there was also a kind of recognition in the glance also. Ali ended hugging Andie and saying:

"Welcome to Rome with us!"

"Oh, Ali, it's so nice to be here with you," then she hesitated and added:

"And this feels so nice too!"

"Oh, doesn't it!" Ali agreed then they saw that Janet and Julie were watching them and giggling.

Janet spoke up and said: "Hey, don't blush; this is Rome; it's in the air!"

They all giggled at that, and were soon ready for their dinner out.

When they'd seated themselves in a lovely open air cafe for dinner, Janet spoke up and said:

"Why don't we do this. I know that being your own financial boss is an important thing. Please let me buy our dinners and we can all dutch it for lunch."

They all shook their heads 'yes' at that, despite some protests from Andie; this issue had already been hashed out among Janet, Julie and Ali, and then Janet added:

"Of course, I'll pay for Julie; I always take care of my mistress!"

She said it with no hesitation and love in her eyes.

Julie shook her head 'yes', and said: "Yes, she always does!" and gave Janet a kiss.

"You're so kind," Andie said.

Janet turned her face to Andie and said: "My Uncle Cal left me all this money; and it's been managed well and it's like a gift that I enjoy sharing with my friends."

"You've managed it well!" Julie said, kissing Janet's cheek.

Then their dinner came and they began the process of making Rome their own.

After dinner they contemplated an evening stroll, a venerable Roman tradition. Janet and Julie explained that a five minute walk in one direction took them to the Vatican and St. Peters. A five minute walk in the other direction took them to the Pantheon, and from there it was not too far to Trevi Fountain.

They decided that the combination of the Pantheon and Trevi fountain at night were not to be missed.

They strolled in a group. Were ogled by those of the locals who were out also strolling, and giggled a lot. Ali and Andie were enchanted and really grateful to Julie and Janet for being kind of guides.

The Pantheon and Trevi didn't disappoint at all. They eventually found their way back to Navonna and decided on a late night glass of wine, before returning to the apartment.

At a nearby table was an elderly gentleman, white hair, white beard. They talked with him, table to table, giving him information that they had met as woman's soccer players at universities.

"And this is a chaperon?" he said, indicating Janet.

Julie spoke up quickly: "No, she's my lover."

He bowed his head and said: "You are most fortunate in your lover!"

"Yes, I am," Julie said squeezing Janet's hand and kissing her cheek.

The gentleman, shortly after that got up, bid them a 'good evening/buona sera' paid the waiter and left.

The girls discovered shortly thereafter that he had also paid for their glasses of wine.

"Rome is so lovely," Janet said. "The last time we were here, we met a friend of mine in one of these cafes."

"Really?" Andie asked, "How strange."

"Shall I?" Janet said to Julile, who answered:

"Yes, tell them."

Janet proceeded to tell the story of meeting Mr. D and the two of them going to bed with him.

Andie giggled and said: "Maybe the four of us should have ... you know with the gentleman from the other table." They all giggled.

And Andie said: "Oops, I'm forgetting myself." She ended with a curious look on her face and it made all three of the others laugh together.

Julie explained: "Andie, we do men all the time; we prefer each other, and our Ali, whenever she's available."

Andie had a kind of enchanted look on her face and asked:

"So the three of you?"

"Yep," Ali said, "Every time we've been together."

"Better and better!" Andie said.

"With that," Julie remarked, "I think it's time to go home and go to bed. Rome will be waiting for us fresh and bright in the morning. We need to have a plan."

On the way home they discussed their plan and decided on the Vatican and Vatican museum for the next day.

There was a bit of tension in the air, as they finally got into the apartment. Janet went to Andie and put her arms around her, and, with characteristic frankness said to her:

"Andie, I'm going to make love to my mistress, if she will let me." Julie just grinned, when she said this.

"We're not going to ask you to do anything that you don't want to. You decide. We certainly won't be rude enough to invite Ali into bed with us and leave you by yourself. Our bed is huge. If you will, please join us. You and Ali, and you don't have to do anything, remember that. Just be with us. We're together in Rome and it's being wonderful. It would be nice to celebrate that, us being here together. Just very nice."

"You're so nice," Andie said, holding on to her. "I can see why Julie loves you." Then with great courage, Andie turned to Ali, who was now blushing and said:

"What say, Ali, shall we join them?"

"You and me?" Ali asked softly.

"Yes," Andie said, "You and me in Rome."

"Oh, that'll be so nice," Ali said, taking Andie's hand.

Julie grinned then and said: "It's time to spank the teacher!"

"Oh, I forgot!" Andie said.

"I didn't," Julie quipped, "Nor did she."

"Sweet puss," Julie said.

Janet responded by beginning to simply take her clothes off.

"Just watch this," Ali said.

"Nothing could induce me to not look," Andie said fascinated.

Janet got down to her pair of pink panties and said:

"Panties?"

"Bare assed tonight, love; show our friends," Julie said.

"Whoohooo!" was Ali's response, as Janet peeled her panties off and went to Julie. She knelt in front of her mistress.

Julie said: "Janet Peters, do you fully know, totally realize that I love you like life itself?"

"I do, my sweet one, my Mistress!" Janet said. Then to the other two she said:

"Julie Stone is the kindest, most loving person that I know; it is the joy of my life to love her."

Andie had tears in her eyes as she listened.

Then Janet draped herself over Julie's lap. Julie played with the ass cheeks a bit and said:

"Look at the ass on the teacher!"

And then she swatted Janet's ass. Janet let out a loud moan and Julie gave her five more hard slaps, a moan for each slap.

Julie grinned and said: "Ali?"

Ali, with a grin on her face went to where Janet was draped over Julie and slapped her ass twice, then kissed the redness of it.

"Andie?" Julie said.

"May I?" Andie said wonder on her face.

"Be my guest! The teacher gets no vote!" Julie said.

Andie too gave Janet two slaps and ran her hand up and down and around Janet's lovely ass cheeks.

Janet stood then and threw her arms around Julie's neck for a kiss.

"WOW!" Andie said, reacting to the whole scene.

Ali, standing next to Andie and still holding her hand, said: "Yes, she's the genuine article. I sometimes envy them that devotion, that kind of relationship."

Andie looked at her then, a special kind of look and without any preliminary, pressed her lips to Ali's.

Ali's response was to throw her arms around Andie's neck and kiss her back.

Julie and Janet just watched, glowing and grinning.

"Shower?" Janet said, after few seconds,"If we huddle together we can shower together; do you think?"

"Not enough room, sweet puss," Julie said. "Maybe you and me an then Andie and Ali."

"Of course," Janet said, grinning at Andie and Ali and taking in their grins at the same time.

Julie and Janet had their showers, and they were already in bed, when Andie and Ali appeared in the doorway.

"Look at them!" Andie said, meaning, Julie and Janet, who were already in bed, naked, and with Janet being hugged to Julie's side, her head in position to allow her to flick a tongue at Julie's right nipple.

"Yeah, they do this all the time," Ali said, with mock severity.

Janet looked up and gave them a happy grin:

"I'm playing with my Mistress' nipples!" she said happily.

"You're a goose, teacher!" Julie said.

"I'm whatever you want me to be," Janet said.

Then Ali spoke up:

"We're going to bunk down together in the other room, if you don't mind."

Julie spoke for the two of them:

"Hey, enjoy yourselves! It's Rome."

Janet got a wide grin on her face and asked: "Can we watch?"

"You'll be too busy to watch anyone, teacher!"

"Oh, my, good for me!" was Janet's reply.

Ali came to the bed and bent over to give Janet a kiss. Then she winked at Julie and said:

"Good night, Jules."

"Good night, Ali," Julie said. "Enjoy!"

"Oh, I am," was Ali's enraptured answer.

"May I," Andie asked, and went to Janet also.

Janet raised herself up off the bed to give Andie a hug, and a kiss good night; then the two of them were gone.

"You were wonderful with her tonight, sweet puss!"Julie said, gathering Janet to herself.

"I think we've started something," Janet replied.

"I think we have too," Julie said.

"When we get back home to Florida," Janet said softly, "Can we have the two of them over?"

"Great idea!" Julie said, "Now I'm going to pay attention to my babe who is part slave, part intellectual teacher, part sex pot, part humanitarian, and part angel."

"And she eats pussy too!" Janet said, causing both of them to giggle.

"Show me, I dare you!" Julie said and Janet, without another word, scooted down to get between Julie's legs.

They slept well that night. Janet was up first to get coffee for all around. She wore a short yellow silk wrapper, as she went into the bedroom where Ali and Andie were. She stopped and smiled, when she saw the two of the naked and entwined together.

She was about to tiptoe out of the room with the coffee tray when Andie woke. She stretched her arms out and said with great affection:

"Momma!"

"Ohhhh," Janet said with tears in her eyes; she knew full well that Andie meant it. She put the tray down and walked toward the bed.

By then Ali was awake and had her arms out also. Just as Janet was about to get into bed, Ali reminded her:

"No clothes in bed this morning."

Janet smiled and took off the wrapped and went into the four arms that were waiting for her. She was being kissed and whispered to on both sides. Then Julie wandered into the room.

"Hey," she said, grinning at the pile of naked women, "You've stolen my girl."

"She's Momma," Andie said, kissing Janet's cheek.

Janet grinned up at Julie and held her arms out to her. Julie went to the bed and slid up until her face was hovering above Janet's stomach. She kissed her stomach.

"What ... what are you going to ... Ohhhhhhh!" Janet said, lapsing into incoherence, when Julie's mouth got to her pussy mound and started to lap at her vaginal lips.

"Ohhhhh," Andie said and leaned over and took a nipple in her mouth.

Ali, on the other side, went for the other nipple.

Janet closed her eyes and said:

"This is the way that Rome should be!"

"Eating my angel," Julie replied.

The noises were wet and sensuous, while they brought Janet to a morning orgasm. Then they settled down, a large pile of them for a bit.

"Look at me, world!" Janet said, obviously happy, "I'm in Rome with a pile of naked female jocks! This is better than the beer commercial."

Julie spoke up then and said: "She's right, gang; it's Rome. We should be up and out. Find a shop for breakfast."

"Good plan," Andie said, and continued: "It's so nice of you guys to share your holiday with me."

Janet kissed Andy's cheek and said: "A Momma takes care of her own." She turned sideways and said:

"Right, Ali, my Ali?"

"Absolutely, Mom."

"Okay, family," Julie said, "Up and at 'em."

They made their way to the kitchen and sat at the table to coffee to plan their day.

It was a whirlwind for them. They took in Rome from the Coliseum to the Borghese Gallery, from the Vatican to the Appian Way. It was Bafetto's for famous Roman pizza frequently, and the cafes of Navonna. They made Rome their own.

During their time in Rome, the four of them were always together but slowly at first but then with marked intensity, Ali and Andie became lovers, and by the time their Easter vacation to Rome was finished, they were inseparable.
Chapter 23 »
Home | Top | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 22|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 23
Posted: May 01, 2013 - 09:27:57 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

THE CELEBRATION

During Julie's junior year at the university the women's soccer team was in contention for the conference championship. Julie was co-captain that year with the goalie Tonya. The game was set to be broadcast and Janet invited Elena to watch.

Janet, as a surprise for Julie, had installed in their bedroom a large 46" flat screen tv on the wall with an entertainment center.

Janet and Elena were lounging on the bed watching the game.

"This is such a male thing to do," Elena said. "We'll have to fart and scratch our crotches periodically just to be in character."

She had Janet laughing piteously.

The game was exciting and Janet almost went through the roof, when Julie scored the go-ahead goal. The announcer was praising the skill of the "Ace of Florida" and Janet was bouncing and crowing:

"That's my mistress they're talking about; that's my lover! Wait until I get her ass in my hands!

"My, my you are graphic, when you're excited," Elena said, and Janet just grinned at her.

When the game was over, and Julie's goal the winning margin, Elena and Janet erupted.

"Gonna be a party!' Janet said, "She and I but a party! I'll go up there and party!"

"Will she call?" Elena asked.

"She usually does," Janet said.

Julie did call, about an hour later, after the team locker room celebrations were over.

"Julie, darling Mistress," Janet said enthusiastically, "You were wonderful! Elena and I watched it!"

"Thank you, puss!" Julie said with obvious pride. Then she added:

"I'm coming down tomorrow for a few days off!"

"Oh, good for us!" Janet said. "We can celebrate!'

"Yes, celebrate," Julie said.

"Wall to wall dirty stuff!" Janet said to Julie.

"That certainly!" Julie answered. "You're turning me on, sweet puss," Julie said, "And I can't be there 'til tomorrow, busy day today."

"I'll be good!" Janet answered.

"Oh, no," Julie said quickly with a laugh, "I never said that."

"I won't be good!" Janet said quickly.

"I"m going to spank you, Janet Peters," Julie threatened.

"Now that I know I won't be good!" Janet said.

"I've got to go, my love," Julie said. "Tomorrow at 10 AM, I'll be there."

"I'll be ready," Janet said.

Janet planned the surprise and Elena helped her get it ready. When the time came for Julie to arrive the next day, Janet had signs posted up the driveway:

"Hail the conquering Heroine!"

"Cheers for the champions!"

Then they changed:

"Beware, naked cheerleader ahead!"

"Free oral sex for members of the Conference Champion Woman'a Soccer Team!"

Janet heard the gate open and then the car proceeding slowly up the drive, stopping to read signs.

When Julie came around the bend, Janet started the music she had on a boom box in the driveway. It played the University fight song. Elena had painted Janet almost totally the school colors, green and orange.

Jane was dancing and doing a kind of cheer to the music, as Julie drove into sight. Then Janet turned around and bent over. Elena had left only Janet's naked ass unpainted but with a sign painted on Janet in black letters with an arrow pointing to Janet's ass. The sign said:

"Julie's target!"

Janet turned around and squealed loudly. There standing with Julie were Ali, Ducey and one husky girl that Janet didn't know.

Janet stood for a few second with her hand covering her mouth and her eyes wide, as Julie grinned at her and opened her arms. Janet wasted no time then, running and throwing herself into Julie's arms:

"Mistress," Janet said, "I'm so sorry! I thought you'd be alone!"

Julie turned to the others and said:

"The cheerleader says she's sorry, guys but I think she's in trouble! Don't you?"

They all laughed and agreed.

"We can read those signs!" Alice said.

Then Janet recovered herself and gave Alice a hug and then one for Ducey, calling them by name. She stuck out her hand to the girl that she didn't know and was introduced to Tonya the goalie.

"I'm not always this way!" Janet said softly.

Julie laughed and said: "Tonya, don't listen to her, of course she is!"

"Well, sweet puss," Julie said, "I love your colors but the first thing that we want is to clean you up. Tonya, love, can you handle the teacher?"

"Think so," Tonya said and bending, grabbed Janet, who squealed loudly, and hauled her over her shoulder. Julie led them to the outside showers on the side of the house.

Janet was squealing all the while, yelling that she'd be good etc. The girls just laughed at her. When they got to the shower, Tonya put her down, and Julie got the shower ready. Without hesitating, Julie took her own clothes off and held her arms out in the shower for Janet to join her.

"Ohhhh," Janet sighed and joined Julie in the shower. Julie began to wash Janet, and then Julie said:

"Room, gang, big shower."

It was all that she needed to say; the other three took their clothes off and joined Janet and Julie. They all took a hand at washing Janet's paint off.

"My sign!" Janet said, in a mock distressed voice.

"Oh, I won't forget, sweet puss!" Julie said.

"Oh, good!" Was Janet's reply.

Then Janet looked abashed and said:

"Mistress, love of mine, I'm so sorry that I haven't politely greeted you home! I'm so bad."

Without saying another word, and while the other three looked on and wondered, except of Ali, who knew that Julie and Janet were a love match, Janet went to her knees and placed a long and lingering kiss on Julie's pubic hair.

"Wow!" Tonya said.

"Yeah," Ali said, "This is a 'wow' relationship."

They got out of the shower and Janet went for towels for everyone.

"I have lasagna baking," she said, "A special treat for the conquering hero's home coming. Enough for an army!"

"But we've got Tonya with us!" Julie said. The goalie blushed and they all laughed.

"But first, sweet puss, you have to redeem yourself!" Julie continued.

"Redeem?" Janet asked.

"Yes, the sign in the drive way: the free oral sex!"

"OHHHH!" Janet said.

"Yes, Ohhhhhh!" Julie repeated.

"Can you wait for me at the pool?" Janet asked.

"Let's show Tonya our home first," Julie said.

"Of course, ma'am," Janet said.

Tonya looked at Ali and said softly: "Is this for real? Ma'am? Mistress?"

"Totally!" Ali said, "And they're so happy about it."

"Well, wow again," was Tonya's response.

They all carried their clothes, as Julie gave them the tour. Tonya had a few more 'wows' to say, during the tour.

When the tour was done, Julie gave Janet a kiss and said:

"Okay now redeem yourself."

"I need to look at the lasagna," Janet said, "Can you wait for me at the pool?"

"Sure, but don't be long!" Julie warned.

"No, ma'am, right there," Janet replied and said with a huge smile:

"I'm so, so, so glad that you're home! I miss you always! I'm only ever half here, when you're away!"

"You fill my heart, when you say that, sweet Puss!" Julie said, kissing Janet and leading the girls out to the pool.

When Janet went to the pool, she found the four girls sitting on the edge of the pool, still naked.

"Waiting!" Julie said.

"Yes, ma'am, the pussy eater in residence is here now!" Janet replied.

"She'd better be!" Julie warned.

"Coming, coming," Janet said, wading into the water.

"Spanking is getting harder, Sweet Puss!" Julie said then.

"Oh dear!" Janet said, moving in their direction.

"This keeps getting better and better," Tonya remarked.

"Whom do I begin with?" Janet asked.

"Me," Ali said, since Janet was standing right in front of her.

"This is my tribute for your victory!" Janet said, beginning by kissing the inside of Ali's right thigh.

"Ohhhhh," Ali sighed.

"Ohhh," Tonya sighed, just watching and knowing that her turn was coming. "Is she really going to do this?"

Julie answered: "Sweet Puss? Yes, she sure is! You read the sign; she wrote it; we'll hold her to it!"

"Better and better!" Tonya said.

"That's what life with Janet is all about," Julie said then, and received an air kiss from Janet, who raised her head from between Ali's thighs.

Ali grabbed Janet's hair and said: "Hey lick!"

Janet grinned at Ali and said: "Sorry, Ali!" and went back to her 'work'.

She proceeded in that fashion, redeeming the message on the sign until she ended with Julie.

She kissed Julie's knee first and said: "Welcome home, lovely Mistress; I watched your game yesterday!"

"Thank you, my love!" Julie said, putting her hands in Janet's hair.

Then, just before going back to kissing, licking and eating, Janet said:

"I also have a victory gift for you that I'll show you later!"

"Hear that, guys!?" Julie crowed, "A victory gift!"

"This is already a gift," Tonya said amazed.

"She is that way," Julie said, pulling Janet's face closer and closer in to her pussy.

With Julie's orgasm, Janet fished eating each of the member of the university soccer team that were there.

"Wow!" she said, "Glad the whole team didn't come!"

"No, but we came!" Tonya said to general laughter.

"Please excuse me, Ma'am," she said to Julie, "I need to see to the lunch; it should be ready."

"Gladly, Sweet Puss, my love!" Julie answered.

Janet got out, dried off and padded into the kitchen.

She served lunch in about 15 minutes. They were all dressed again, mainly in running shorts and tee shirts but Julie, again to Tonya's amazement, and Ali and Ducey's delight, told Janet that she could only wear panties. It left Janet wearing a pair of neon pink panties, and an apron temporarily for the lunch serving.

Julie said, during the lunch:

"Think of it, guys: she's beautiful, she's rich, she has a world class ass, a set of huge lovely tits, she's is an angel on this earth and she can cook!"

They all raised their coke glasses to that.

"And," Janet said, leaning over to kiss Julie's cheek, "I belong to Ms Wonderful Soccer Jock!"

"There is that," Julie said, "And you're going to get an attitude spanking later!"

"Oops!" Janet said, "Busted!"

"This I can hardly wait to see," Tonya said.

"It'll certainly be a turn on!" Ali remarked.

"Hey what about the gift?" Ducey asked.

"Oh, yes," Janet said, "Come, come; let me show you."

They all followed Janet to the master suite. When Julie entered the bedroom, she noticed to her right on the wall the huge 46" flat screen tv and the entertainment center. She squealed in delight! Hugging Janet and jumping around with her.

"Fantastic!" Julie said, overcome by enthusiasm. "This is so nice but then you are so nice!"

She turned to the others, who were also ogling the tv and the entertainment system:

"Movie?" she asked.

They cheered and all of them piled onto the bed. Janet, the sat and waited for Julie to select what they were going to watch.

"Got a treat for everyone," Julie said, searching through dvds. She apparently found what she was looking for and holding it up declared:

"Porn!"

The three team mates whooped loudly at the announcement but Janet just stared, and when Julie said:

"The movie is titled 'the Teacher and her Toy Boys', Janet squealed and hid her face in a pillow, while Julie just grinned at them.

"Oh goodie," Ali said, "I heard about this incident!"

Janet still had her face buried in the pillow, so Julie gave her a sharp slap to the ass and said:

"Come up for air, Puss! We're about to make you famous!"

"Tonya will think I'm a slut!" she wailed.

"Well, she only has to think that for a few moments," Julie said, grinning, then continued: "Then she'll know it."

Janet buried her face in the front of Julie's tee shirt, and said:

"Oh dear!"

Julie, serious for a moment said:

"Tonya, look at her; she is positively the love of my life, the beauty in my life, and she blushes, when she's caught doing exactly what I tell her to do sexually!"

Once she said this she began to kiss the top of Janet's head and finally Janet looked up and said:

"I'll give autographs later!"

They whooped then and pounced on her, until Janet was giggling and shouting that if they didn't stop tickling her, she was going to pee the bed!

In the end, Julie simply gathered Janet into her arms and cuddled her. Janet gave a huge sigh of contentment, and said softly:

"This is worth everything; all the waiting, all the time alone, all of it, being here this way now is how I get paid."

Then Julie asked:

"Are you ready to be famous, teacher?"

"Ready, ma'am!" Janet said.

"Up here and snuggle then," Julie ordered and Janet joined the four girls on the bed propped up by pillows as Julie began the dvd show.

It was the dvd movie taken of Janet and Tim and the chem students. It started with Janet dancing with them and followed the scene through her giving them blow jobs and being fucked by them singly, and in numbers.

"Ohhhh my god!" was the comment made most often especially by Ducey, Tonya and Ali.

They were, at first loud and cheering. But a noticeable difference overtook them, as they watched the movie and it progressed with Janet dancing first and then having her skirt taken off and still dancing, then the phone call and the cock sucking.

Tonya said: "Wait, wait, what was that phone call all about?"

Janet described the problem that Sage had caused and how she handled it; they hooted again, but the silence ruled again, when Janet started sucking their cocks and the silence didn't lift all through the rest of the scenes of fucking.

"Ohhhhh," Tonya moaned, when it was done; none of them moved.

"Wow! Was that ever hot!" Ducey said.

"You did that because ... Oh," Tonya said then, "Do you mind my asking?"

"Not at all," Janet said, "I was married to a religious man who had no use for sex at all. I only gradually learned about being such a submissive but realized that it was a disorganizing force in my life, and then heaven saved me."

"Heaven saved you?" Tonya said.

"Yes," Janet said, reaching over to lick at Julie's nipple through her tee shirt, "Then Julie came into my life."

"She did that, Tonya, because I told her to," Julie said.

"Wow!" Tonya said and Janet giggled:

"The freedom to do those kinds of things is so cool, and still be able to have the love of a lifetime, and we often do them together. As they were talking, they heard a noise and looked over, kind of surprised to see Ducy kissing Ali. As the three of them watched, Ducy took her own clothes off and then Ali's and went back to kissing her.

"I think they have the right idea," Julie said, "That movie turned me on."

Now she was naked and she went and pulled Janet's legs apart and began to kiss her way toward Janet's pussy.

Tonya knelt on the bed looking non-plussed until Janet held her arms open to her. Tonya leaned down and accepted Janet's kiss, a long, soft one.

"Oh," she said, "That was nice," Tonya said, after breaking the kiss. Then she went on, blushing:

"Please tell me what to do, I'm new at this; I'm feeling as hot ... I guess as hot as a fire cracker..."

"Take your clothes off, Ton," Julie said from the foot of the bed, "Then sit on the teacher's face."

"Yes, please, honey!" Janet urged.

Tonya was naked in no time and stole another kiss from Janet, who was moaning and groaning from the effect of Julie eating her at that point. She settled a knee on either side of Janet's head and slowly lowered herself down until she felt Janet's tongue rasp against her pussy lips.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Tonya cried out, interrupting Ducey and Ali, who looked and Ducey, grinning said:

"Welcome to the real world of sex, Ton!"

"Oh, this is wonderful!" Tonya wailed, as she began to rock back and forth on Janet's face, reveling in Janet's tongue and lips.

She came pretty quickly about at the same time that Janet did. She rolled off of Janet and lay there panting. The three of them looked over at Ali and Ducey who were in a '69' position and eating each other.

Then Janet said:

"Mistress, darling, no one did you; please come up here and get some yourself."

"Gladly," Julie said and then Tonya said, softly:

"Can I do her? I'd love to try!"

Julie said: "Wild! Do it, Ton!" and settled down with Janet holding her and playing with her nipples, when she wasn't just kissing her.

Tonya went to the foot of the bed and began to emulate what she'd seen the others doing. She did it well, and Julie drifted off to a heavenly place, with Tonya's tongue in her pussy and Janet's mouth on her lips or her nipples.

When the sex was all done, they lay there tired from it.

"How about a round of applause for the star of the movie?" Julie said and they clapped and cheered, as Janet got up and bowed.

Then Janet said:

"Hey, the Gulf is lovely and calm today: swimming, snorkeling anyone?"

They bounded up and were enthusiastic about it but Tonya groaned and said:

"I didn't bring a suit!"

"Nudie bathing, nudie bathing!" Ali and Ducey began to chant and Tonya began to blush.

"Don's listen to them, sweetie," Janet said, "I have a suit for you."

They all scrambled then. Ducey and Ali went to put on their suits. Janet and Tonya watched as Julie put on her blue 'pussy suit'.

"Oh, look at you!" Tonya said, "You look wonderful!"

"Almost as good a view as being between her legs and looking up at that wonderful pussy!" Janet said.

Tonya laughed, at ease by now with Julie and Janet: "Almost but not quite." They laughed at that.

Then Janet got out two matching stretch white nylon suits and gave one to Tonya.

"Really?" Tonya said.

"Drop dead sexy!" was what Julie said.

Tonya just stared as Janet put hers on and said:

"Ohhhhhh shit! Look at you!"

"Next?" Julie said and Tonya put her version of the suit on.

"Wow for you!" Janet said, as Tonya twirled and showed herself.

The three of them entered the sunken living room arm in arm in arm, and got applause from Ducey and Ali.

Janet said then:

"This is what we're going to do, if everyone agrees: swimming, some rays and the shower and I'm taking us all out to dinner down the key to a favorite. It'll be on me.

Tonya started to protest but Julie said:

"Let her, Ton, the bitch is rich and can afford it."

She snuggled Janet, as she said it, and pinched her ass, getting a loud squeak from Janet.

But then she said: "I'm afraid that I am, Tonya; it'll be my pleasure."

Their afternoon was set then. They had dinner out, after their 'dolphin' time in the Gulf, and were back to watch the sunset from the long porch in front of the house. It was a typically gorgeous sunset, which that area is so famous for.

As they watched, each in a lounge chair, Janet and Julie snuggled in a kind of double lounge chair that was there.

"Beautiful sunset that you provide for us, Sweet Puss," Julie said, licking Janet's ear.

Janet turned from her position between Julie's legs and said:

"Nothing it too good for the love of my life."

Tonya looked on and said: "You two really are love birds, aren't you?"

It was Ali who answered:

"Yep, Ton, these two are the genuine article."

"Gives me goosebumps!" Tonya replied, and Julie spoke up quickly:

"She's been giving me goose bumps ever since the first day I was in her chemistry class in high school! She still gives me goose bumps!"

Janet grinned and turned and kissed Julie's nipples, poking out through her tee shirt.

"See!" Julie said, holding her arm out to show them.

"How about some wine up on the screen deck?" Janet asked, once the sun was down. The bugs are going to be gathering here."

They retired to the screen deck and Janet went to get the wine for them. She appeared in just a little bit, she came out onto the deck holding the bottle of white wine, and four glasses. She poured for everyone and then went back into the bedroom.

Soon enough the strains of a soft Sinatra melody could be heard. She appeared again at the door of the screen deck.She was wearing only a pair of 5" glass heeled 'fuck me' shoes!

"Oh dear," Julie said right away: "Look at the teacher!"

Janet held out her hands to Julie and said:

"Dance with me, love!"

Julie smiled and joined Janet for the dance. The others were just watching. Janet had her head on Julie's shoulder and began to cry.

"What's wrong, Puss?" Julie asked.

"Nothing, nothing at all," Janet said, "I love you so much and you're here so seldom. I'm being silly but the joy of having you here makes me cry."

"Silly, not at all, my sweet love," Julie said. She turned to the others and said:

"Guys, I'm going to make love to the teacher; we're not chasing anyone. I'm just letting you know that I'm going to make love to my girl."

It was Ali who spoke up:

"Come on, guys, I know where everything is. They deserve some privacy."

"Hey, let's go for a swim," Ducey said.

"Yeah," Tonya added, "We can skinny dip." The three of them were giggling about it as they left.

Janet broke away from Julie and grabbed hold of Ali, as the other three were making their way out of the room.

"I love you, Ali," she said. Then she whispered, sotto voce:

"Please come back and sleep with us."

"You've got it, pal," Ali said, placing a kiss on Janet's lips, and winking at Julie, who winked at her in return.

The dancing continued, with Janet glued to Julie, and now Julie's hands ranging down the length of Janet's back to settle on the swell of her ass cheeks.

"Feels wonderful1" Janet said. Then she mused:

"I'll never understand how I was lucky enough to end up with the beauty of you as my love! It's what makes me cry!"

"Sweetest Puss," Julie said, "You make the whole world for me. Tell me what's your pleasure tonight? Tell me and you can have it."

"Mistress, use the strap on tonight, and love me anyway you wish; my pleasure is making sure that you have what you want, when you want it."

"That's my Puss!" Julie said. "That's my girl! And I'll tell anyone who pauses to listen."

She broke off the dance at that point and walked to the bureau, shedding her own clothes as she went. When she came back to where Janet was still swaying with the music, she was wearing a flesh colored dildo attached to a strap. She stood in front of Janet, when she got over to where she was, and Janet sank to her knees, and asked softly:

"May I suck your cock, Mistress?"

"Please," Julie said, and Janet began to suck on the rubberized prick, getting it eventually totally wet from the manipulations of her mouth. Then she lay down on the bed, and Julie lay down with her, bringing her into the circle of her arms and kissing her, whispering into Janet's mouth through the kiss:

"I love you, Janet, more today than yesterday!"

"Oh, yes," Janet sighed, as Julie moved on top of her and slid the long dick into her pussy.

The dildo was shaped so that as Julie fucked in and out of Janet's pussy, it put pressure on her own vagina and clit. Both women were huffing and puffing into their love making in only a few seconds.

"Turn," Julie said, and Janet scrambled to comply, so that now Julie mounted her from behind.

Julie stretched herself over Janet's back with her own thighs pressing against the back of Janet's thighs and the large dildo making its way constantly in and out of Janet's pussy. Julie leaned down and bit the back of Janet's neck:

"Hey, Puss, the tiger's here to get you!" Julie said in a low voice.

"I hoped that he would be," Janet said in return, although her breathing was becoming difficult.

They were in that position when Janet began to cry into the surface of the bed that she was cumming. Julie hurried her own movements and crashed into her own orgasm, soon after Janet had hers.

They lay there sweating and let the breeze from the Gulf wash over them. Julie moved but Janet said:

"Let me, please," and removed the strap on device from Julie and went to clean it.

When she came back, before getting up on the bed, she put her mouth to Julie's pussy and began to lick and clean her.

"My love! You are such a rarity," Julie said.

"Thank you," Janet said, and then, after a hesitation: "Mistress, I'm sorry about being so silly, when you arrived. I don't know what I was thinking about?"

"It was marvelous," Julie laughed. "You certainly got everyone's attention right away, sweet Puss."

Then there was a knock on the door.

"Come in," Julie said, and the door opened showing the other three now naked, in the door way.

"Shower and bed?" Julie asked.

They all trooped into the shower and had a kind of festival washing each other before coming out refreshed and lounging onto the bed. Julie and Janet were in the middle, with Ali on Janet's left and Ducey and Tonya, now snuggled together on Julie's right.

Tonya spoke up: "Do you mind, Jules, Janet, if I ask how you two got together; your devotion to each other is really remarkable."

"Me and the teacher?" Julie said, and started to laugh. "Tell her, love! I know that Ali and Ducey know part of the story at least."

Janet then proceeded to tell the story from her own point of view, beginning with her suffocating marriage, and continuing through the scenes of her 'awakening' with Clifford and her students, then continuing with the evening with the girls, her Uncle Cal's estate and the move to Florida.

"Wow!" Tonya said, "Quite a story."

"Yes," Janet admitted, "Beginning with such personal misery and ending in love with the most wonderful mistress in the world!"

She hesitated with her emotion, "I'm sorry," she said, "When I think of it, it makes me cry."

Julie pulled her in close and whispered:

"I'm here, Sweet Puss, not going anywhere!"

"Oh, good!" Janet said, and simply burrowed deeper into Julie's side.

They talked and giggled for a long time during the night. Janet woke during the night; she saw that it was 1:49AM. Julie was shaking next to her; she began to moan and say in a soft and strained voice "nnnnoo..." It woke Ali, who stirred on the other side of Janet. It also woke Tonya on the other side of Julie.

But Janet was already awake and, while the other girls watched, with a measure of amazement, Janet simply moved closer and took her left breast with her hand and pushed it toward Julie, who accepted the nipple with a sigh. Julie's eyes fluttered and she whispered in her sleepy voice:

"Always you ... always my love Janet ... always the one here ... always..." Her voice trailed off and she snuggled against Janet.

Tonya wiped the tears from her eyes, and settled down. Ali moved in against Janet and whispered to her:

"My love, you are a saint from heaven!"

Janet smiled, turned her head and kissed Ali on the lips.

"I love you too, Ali!" Janet said, as she continued to hold Julie.

Not a word was said about that beyond Tonya taking the time the next day to kiss Janet on the cheek and say:

"You're really special, really special."

Janet's reply was a simple: "I love her so."

"I know that," Tonya said. "We all know that."

They finally were up and it was agreed that breakfast would wait and they were going to run on the beach.

Julie smiled and said: "Including fat ass!"

"Eeeeeeep!" Janet squeaked. "Do you mean that I have to keep up with all you jocks!"

"Jocks!" Julie said, "Is someone forgetting that I was nice last night and no spanking took place?"

"Eeeeep!" Janet said again.

"I guess, missy, wait until after the run!" Julie said.

"After the run, Ma'am, I might be busy with breakfast!" Janet said.

"Harder and harder!" Julie said and Janet grinned at that point.

"Come to Momma, bad girl!" Julie said and Janet went and put her arms around her. Ali grinned and Tonya and Ducey just shook their head.

They ran the beach slowly to let Janet keep up but they ran in a group and were the hit of the beach that morning. They went as far as the public beach in the middle of the key and past it, generating all sorts of interest as they ran past the people already out and the people arriving.

When they were back at the house, they all opted for showers and then breakfast. When they were all assembled in the sunken living room area, with the kitchen nearby, Julie smiled at Janet, who was wearing white stretch lycra bike style shorts.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mattwatt's Page « Janet: a Novel of Submission and Love Index « Chapter 22|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 23
Posted: May 01, 2013 - 09:27:57 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

"Time, sweet pants!" Julie said kindly.

"Now?" Janet asked.

"What?" Tonya asked.

Ali laughed and said: "The teacher is about to be spanked."

"You're joking?" Tonya said.

"Am I, teacher?" Julie asked.

"No, ma'am, this bad girl deserves it and it's time," Janet said then.

She went, without being told and fetched a chair from the dining area and put it in the middle of the living room.

Ali said to both Ducey and Tonya:

"You're gonna want to see this."

"Dress, Mistress?" Janet asked.

"Naked, I believe," Julie responded.

"Naked it is, Ma'am," Janet said.

"Tell them," Julie said.

Janet turned to the rest of the girls and said:

"I apologize for being so brazen, and lippy; the spanking that I'm going to get I deserve."

"Wow!" Tonya said and Ducey just shook her head in agreement.

Janet took a few minutes and soon had all of her clothes off, she went to where Julie was sitting and waiting, the others sat and watched.

As Janet began to drape herself over Julie's lap, she straightened up and said:

"I must tell you that Julie Stone is the most loving, caring and considerate person that I've ever known; my love for her knows no beginning and no ending."

She kissed Julie's hand and got into position over Julie's lap.

"That is about as erotic a scene as I've ever witnessed," Ducey said, and Tonya agreed.

Ali, knowing both Julie and Janet, just watched and smiled.

"A basic ten, bad girl," Julie said, "And then 5 more for attitude."

"Yes, ma'am," Jane said.

"I don't understand," Tonya whispered to Ali.

"It's their thing," Ali said, "Janet loves it and so does Julie; for them it's part of their love play, part of their passion."

The sound of the spanking and Janet's cries filled the house for the next fifteen minutes. Janet was sobbing and clinging to Julie, when it was done.

"I think that I need a cold shower!" Tonya said, after watching the spanking.

Janet turned then and wiped her eyes and said: "Thank you, ma'am," to Julie, kissing her hand.

She turned to the others and said:

"Breakfast in a few minutes; pancakes?"

There was general approval at that. Julie stood and laughed and said:

"An ass like that, a sight like that draped over my lap and she cooks too!"

Jane turned and grinned at her and accepted the invitation of Julie's open arms for a hug. She asked:

"Me dressed?"

"Apron for you!"

Turning to the rest, Julie said:

"Sorry, guys, but I see this babe so seldom that I like to have her around naked or almost naked; she's such a treat."

"What's not to like about seeing Janet naked?" Tonya asked laughing.

Janet dropped a curtsey and went to get an apron.

Ali spoke up and said:

"Janet, I'll help with the breakfast."

Janet smiled and was genuinely pleased to hear that. They went to the kitchen and started the process of getting the breakfast ready. Standing next to her, Ali said quietly:

"Janet, I love you for the way you take care of her, the way you treat her."

"She's my life," Janet said, "I need to do that."

"Or you are such an angel!" Ali said, giving Janet a hug.

Just then Julie showed up, coming from the master bedroom area. Ali and Janet noticed her standing there dangling a pair of rose colored bikini panties for Janet.

"See how she takes care of me," Janet said with obvious satisfaction.

Julie went to her and knelt to let Janet step into the panties. Before pulling them all the way up, Julie planted a kiss directly on Janet's pussy hair.

"Pussy kiss for the teacher!' Julie and laughed.

Ali and Janet laughed too and Ali said:

"I was just telling her how much I love her for the way she takes care of you."

Julie realized right away what Ali was talking about. She came up behind Janet and put her arms around her and said:

"Yes, she's the wonder of my world."

Then she slid her hands down to cup Janet's large tits and said:

"And what a set of tits! And what an ass!"

Ali laughed, as Janet blushed. Then Ali said:

"Yes, there certainly is that." She gave Janet a kiss on the cheek then and went back to working on the sausages for breakfast.

During breakfast they talked about the day. Both Ducey and Tonya needed to go back to school, and Ali had a project to work on also. Julie said that they could certainly do that. Then Janet spoke up:

"Julie," she said, "Why not let Ali take your car and then in a day or so, if you have the time, I can drive you back. It'll be such a treat."

Julie smiled at her and said:

"You're right, love; we can have some girlfriend time!"

Janet laughed and said: "Good for us!" with an infectious smile.

Julie went on:

"I have some computer stuff to do but I can do it in our computer room just as easily."

It was settled that way. The three girls would take Julie's car back to the university and Janet would drive Julie back in two days.

The work that at least Ducey had to do was going to take her a while so that they decided to leave after breakfast, after one more quick walk on the beach.

"Girl friend day!" Julie said, when they were finally alone.

"Girl friend day," Janet replied. Then she mused a bit and went on:

"I used to call Noel that, girlfriend. And she was. We were becoming as close as any two close sisters could be. But being a girlfriend with you, as well as a lover, a friend, best friend, and a slave just fills my whole life."

"Then dance with me, teacher!" Julie said. "I'll put on the music and I want you to just dance with me. We're going to do all sorts of girlfriend things today."

That's the way their day went. They went for a beach walk. By the time the beach walk was done, they were ready for lunch and decided on the 'Lock 'N Key' at the foot of the key. It was shorts and tees for both of them.

They were eating their lunch and noticed a stir at a nearby table, where a young boy was apparently giving his mother some kind of hard time. Finally, the boy said:

"I saw the picture; it is."

"I don't think so," the woman said, "But I'll see."

The woman got up and walked to Janet and Julie's table. Both Janet and Julie looked up and the woman, apologetically said:

"Excuse me please, but my son, who is a soccer nut, is insisting that you are Julie Strong co-captain of the university woman's soccer team that just won the conference championship. I told him that he was mistaken but he is insisting."

Julie smiled and said: "Guilty as charged!"

"You are?" the surprised woman said.

"Yes," Julie said.

The woman turned to the boy, eagerly waiting at the table and said to him:

"You were right!"

"Tell him to come over to shake with me," Julie suggested.

"If it's no bother," the woman gratefully said. She motioned for the boy to come over and he bounded out of his chair and came to Janet and Julie's table.

He began talking immediately about the winning goal that Julie had made and the strategy that they used for the game. He and Julie talked for just a bit; his mom sat down and talked to Janet, who said:

"I'm Janet Peters;" the woman shook hands with Janet and they talked quietly, while Julie and the boy talked soccer.

Eventually the two of them left to go to their own lunch, after Julie gave the boy her autograph.

"Gee," Janet said, "In the presence of the beautiful and the well known!"

"Spanking?" Julie asked pleasantly.

"I hope so; but what I said was only true," Janet answered.

"Kiss on the ass instead of a spanking!" Julie said.

"Better yet," Janet answered.

They had that kind of simply companionable day. They shopped; bought some groceries for their next couple of days, and enjoyed being girlfriends hanging out together. They didn't have anyone who came over that day, and they didn't contact anyone that day. They spent it on their own for themselves.

"This is the best yet," Julie said, as they sat having tea in the afternoon.

"Yes," Janet agreed, "This is like having our own private life. This is really fine."

"I always knew that I wanted you," Julie said, "I just never suspected that it would be so easy to live with you."

"Isn't that a beautiful thing!" Janet said, kissing Julie.

"Beautiful is the word," Julie said.

GRADUATION GIFT:

Janet and Julie set up a livable schedule all the while Julie was studying at the university. Despite Julie's fears that she felt free to express to Janet, the cooling off between them that Julie feared just never happened. Often would Julie express her fear that Janet was going to get 'fed up' with her bossiness and leave. But she never did, neither get 'fed up' nor leave. Their relationship settled into an exciting pattern that they simply lived.

Jan fell for Win. Gwen had long gone on to other interests. Jan even stayed with Win in his keeper's 'cottage, ' while she was there. Every time she came to Florida, she stayed with him. He simply didn't want to get married but the sex between them was always great.

Julie played soccer at the university but her real love was computers. She majored in Computer Science and, after she'd gotten her degree, she was offered a marvelous job in Arizona.

Janet went to Julie's graduation from the University with both joy and butterflies in her stomach. She had a plan and was a bit nervous about it. When the ceremony was finished, Julie joined Jan and Janet. Jan wandered off and Janet gave Julie a hug, whispering in her ear that she had a few graduation gifts.

"Ohh," Julie said, "Gifts, it makes graduation cool."

Janet handed Julie a small box, which contained a lovely ruby ring.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, Janet," Julie exclaimed, as she let Janet put it on her finger. "It's so beautiful."

"So are you," Janet said, giving Julie a quick kiss.

Julie grabbed Janet in a long hug and just held on for a while.

The next day they were scheduled to get the final amount of stuff that Julie still had at school and then they'd go 'home' to the beach. They sat down for coffee in the hotel room that Janet had gotten for them, and Julie said that she needed to tell Janet something. Janet was immediately concerned, since Julie sounded, and looked so serious.

"What is it, love?' Janet asked with a touch of alarm.

"Oh, Janet, I don't know how to tell you; I've decided to accept the offer in, Arizona."

Janet brightened up at the news:

"Marvelous," she said enthusiastically, "Should we go house shopping?"

"You mean..." Julie stammered then, and there were tears in her eyes, "You mean that you'd leave here, the beach and all?"

"Oh, Julie, Julie," Janet said wistfully, going to put her arms around Julie, "I'd go anywhere to be with you."

"Oh," Julie wailed into Janet's shoulder, "I thought that..."

"Please don't think it, Julie, honey," Janet sighed, "Please don't."

Julie brightened then: "House shopping; won't that be great! But I need to pay my share. I don't mind a mortgage."

Janet merely nodded and smiled; she loved to see Julie happy. A bit later, they were ready to leave. Janet looked at her watch and said: "I'm sorry but I have one more stop to make before we go home to the beach house. It's with the lawyer. You don't mind, do you?"

"No, pussy, my puss," Julie cooed, "I'll just sit quietly and look at the ruby ring that my love gave me for graduation." Janet grinned at that.

They stopped at a downtown hotel to meet with the lawyer. Again, Janet apologized for the necessity of the stop. When they arrived at the meeting room that Mr. Trailor had arranged, Janet went to him immediately for a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

He advanced toward Julie, once Janet had hugged him saying:

First to Janet: "This is she?"

Janet nodded 'yes', causing Julie to simply look confused. He approached Julie then with his hand out saying:

"So, you are Ms. Stone! I'm so pleased. I'm Edward Trailor, I've been Janet's lawyer and financial adviser, since the death of her Uncle Cal."

"Thank you," Julie said with a smile, still mystified.

"Can we sit?" he asked. The two girls sat and he began right away.

"Janet has instructed me that you two are to form a kind of a partnership and that the substantial assets that are hers are to be shared by the two of you."

Julie's head whipped around to look at Janet who sat simply smiling with a small tear in the corner of her eye.

"Ohhhhh, Janet!" Julie said with joy, confusion and no small amount of consternation.

"I can see that the surprise has been preserved," Mr. Trailor said. "Well, here are the documents to sign that will set this in motion." He motioned for the two of them to sign the documents.They did so, although Julie was still in shock.

Then he handed each of them a credit card and asked that they destroy the old one, since the accounts etc would now be new.

"A quick overlook now might help us," he went on. "Since Janet took over these accounts, her management and what I've been able to do has been very successful, despite the economic downturn. We're still looking at principle assets in excess now of 37 million, not counting the properties in Florida and Rome." He hesitated then, as Janet and Julie took it in.

"If there are any questions of any kind from either of you, please let me know," he concluded.

Janet hugged him again: "Thank you, Mr Trailor, for doing this for me. I guess we need to talk about it a bit just now."

He smiled and said: "Of course, I'm available if you have a need."

When he left, Julie turned to Janet and said: "I just don't know what to say! I just don't! I'm so ... I don't know ... shocked, surprised ... I just don't know."

"Julie," Janet said simply, "I love you, Julie; this is the way that I think it needs to be. Now we can house shop in Arizona."

"Now we can shop for a house in Arizona," Julie said grinning. Julie then looked at Janet sheepishly for a moment. Janet didn't know what to expect.

"Puss," Julie began,, "I think I need to cry now; you don't mind, do you?"

Janet went to her and put her arms around Julie and let her cry. In the middle of the crying were words like 'You're so wonderful, my Janet!' and 'Can't believe that you're mine and all this too!' Janet just held her while Julie got through it.

"And maybe, when we get back to the beach, you'll need to spank me for being so sneaky about that," Janet said, after a bit.

"Puss, my puss, I can do that!" Julie said wiping her eyes, smiling and kissing her.

ARIZONA

They decided in the end to rent a house in Arizona, to 'try' the area out, so to speak. They found a beautiful adobe with a grand courtyard and a southwestern garden that was Janet's pride and joy.

Julie settled into the life of the computer company, and worked with them on general things but all the while concentrated her private efforts on computer security, about which she had some fairly fresh ideas.

Janet tended the house, and her growing business interests. Their lovely home was situated on the edge of a 'desert' area with large cactuses and a wonderful view. They had a lovely garden that included an in the ground pool that they took advantage of frequently.

Life settled into a kind of an exciting routine for them. It helped Julie define her ideas for computer security by teaching them, explaining them to Janet. Together they often worked on various parts of what Julie was trying to achieve. The partnership grew between them.

The fly in the ointment of their lives was the Julie's boss. He was loud, obnoxious and, whenever possible, liked to grab Julie's ass.

She complained to Janet about it and they talked frequently.

During this time period, Julie was establishing a list of clients that she dealt with and was enjoying a great relationship with them. She needed to travel at times to visit them, since a number of them were on the east coast. The home comings from those trips were always a joy.

It was a dark Wednesday evening; the two of them were sitting, after dinner and talking:

"Stan was playing his grab ass game again," Julie complained.

"Why put up with it?" Janet said softly.

Julie looked at her: "What do you mean?"

"I don't know anything or much at least about computer protection and the technical stuff that you do, but I do know a bit about running a business. I think that you should start your own business!"

"What? Really?" Julie said, surprised but pleased by the very mention of the idea.

"Yes," Janet said, "We have certainly enough money for the start up and you could talk to your clients and tell them about your ideas, rather that giving your ideas to Stan and his firm."

They talked about it late into the night, in a pillow talk session. Gradually they began to formulate a plan that they both liked.

Janet got in touch with Mr D to help out and the plan went forward.

It came to a head on a night when the company had a party for workers. Friends, spouses etc were invited.

During the course of the evening, Janet was separated from Julie and was talking to Mr D, who stopped by for a short time. It was as they were talking that he said to Janet:

"Looks like the boss is mauling your friend."

Janet looked up and sure enough, Stan had his hand down and was squeezing Julie's ass cheek, who was trying to get away, not successfully.

"You go," Mr D said,"Do what you've got to; we have the deal all signed. I'll be here if you need."

Janet smiled and gave him a kiss. She whispered to him: "I'll go down on you for this!"

He smiled and said: "Lovely promise."

It was then that Janet went across the room. She noticed, on the way, that Stan's wife was looking at him and Julie with suspicion.

"Get your hands off of her!" Janet said in a calm but hard voice.

"And who the fuck are you?" Stan asked, "With such big eyes, and big tits?"

"First of all," Janet said spluttering, since Stan reached out and patted her right breast, "I'm her girl friend, and I don't want you mauling her."

At that point both Mr D and Stan's wife arrived on the scene.

"Secondly," Janet said, "My name is Janet Peters; is that name familiar to you at all?"

"Peters?" Stan asked, turning a shade pale.

"Yes," Janet said, "You're right; I'm the new owner of the company. This is my associate Mr D, who will talk to you in a moment about being more mannerly with your women employees."

Stan was struck dumb and just stood there.

"Stan," his wife said,"What have you done now?"

He didn't answer.

"Well, two things then," Janet said, "There's no room in my company for actions such as I just endured and just witnessed."

"But..." Stan said.

"Oh, Stan," his wife said, really angry now.

"And then there's this," Janet went on, "Consider this your notice; I want you out immediately." Saying that she reached out and roughly grabbed the front of Stan's pants, pulled them a little way out from his stomach and poured her drink down into his crotch.

Stan just gaped.

Julie took Janet by the hand and gave her an embrace and a kiss.

Just as they were going to walk away, Mr D stepped up and said to Stan:

"We need to talk, young man."

Stan's wife just stood there, as Julie and Janet passed. Janet stopped and said:

"I'm sorry about this!"

There were tears in the woman's eyes and she said: "Thank you, this is the last straw for me."

They went through with their plans and were constantly talking about how it was going. It was after that, about three weeks, that they were having a glass of wine and had a conversation and Julie said to Janet:

"Sweet Puss, can we talk business for a moment?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janet said softly.

"I love you for the way that you are," Julie said. "But what I want to say: Phoenix area is all wrong for this business. Most of our accounts are one the east coast or near mid west."

"Oh," Janet said,"Do you mean what I think that you mean?"

Julie was grinning at her: "Yes, we can run it from our home in Florida."

Janet got up and began to dance around Julie in a circle: "Mean it? Mean it? Mean it?"

Julie said: "Yes, I do, sweet puss; sorry you're not happy about it." She was grinning from ear to ear, as she said it.

They worked over the next few months to move the business to Florida and settle in their beach home again. Dave, who was now running the Real Estate business with Elena, Elena and Win made sure that the house was ready for them, and when they reached the property had a party waiting for them.

It was fairly late night. Julie had worked far into the night and Janet, giving her a quick kiss, told her to go to the observation deck and she'd bring them some wine.

Julie waited, her tired nerves calmed by the sound of the surf on the beach, and once again smiled at their decision to come back to their Florida home.

"What could be better?" Julie said out loud.

It was just then that Janet, hearing what Julie's said, arrived with the wine. She wore a white, nylon, floor length nightgown, with spaghetti straps that only barely held in her large tits, whose nipples were pressing against the thin fabric of the gown. It was a new gown, one that Julie hadn't seen before.

"This!" Janet said, standing with the light at her back, framing her total nakedness beneath the gown, a wine glass in each hand and a totally loving look on her face.

"Oh, my yes, sweet puss!" Julie said. "This is what the 'better' is; this is even the 'best'. Come here, sweet puss and let your lover eat you with the sound of the Gulf in the background."

"Coming!" Janet said.

"Soon," Julie quipped and Janet giggled, as she got to where Julie was waiting for her.

The adventures continued for our two, and they reveled in them, always enjoying them together. They kept their relationship with Mr. D for a number years, meeting him periodically in Rome, in Florida, when he was near by. When he passed away, he left Janet a very handsome bequest. His successor contacted Janet to assure her that Mr D's wishes about her having access to them and protection, would be carried out.
EPILOGUE:

Of course, fate had other rather special plans for the two of them It began with a simple phone call from Julie's Mom; it was a Tuesday afternoon. Julie answered the phone and Janet could tell immediately that something was wrong.

Julie was talking to her Mom for a few minutes and in the end said that 'yes, she'd come'.

She hung up the phone and Janet said: "What is it, love?"

"It's my cousin Ray and his wife, Wendy," she said, "They've been killed in a motorcycle accident."

"Oh dear!" Janet said, obeying an instinct and going to Julie to put her arms around her. What do you need to do?"

"I need to go up there," Julie said, "My Mom wants me to be there and I'll go. Can you stay and keep an eye on things here?"

"Of course, my sweet one," Janet said planting a soft kiss on Julie's trembling lips.

"Oh," Julie moaned into Janet's neck. "We were close, when I was a kid!" She chuckled then and said: "Ray and I used to play 'doctor', when we were young!"

Janet giggled: "Nice memory!"

"Yes, it is!" Julie said, "And now he's gone; they're both gone."

"Well," Janet went on, "Let's make arrangements for your trip. Shall I call and do that?"

"Would you please," Julie said, hugging Janet close to her again.

Janet went off to make the arrangements, while Julie went to quickly pack what she needed for the up-coming trip.

The entire trip took Julie about 5 days, and then she was scheduled to return. Janet was waiting for her at the airport, anxiously. Julie had been a bit uneasy sounding on the phone, and Janet just didn't know what the problem might be.

As the plane unloaded, and Julie came out of the jetway, the problem became immediately apparent. Julie was walking, hand in hand, with a lovely, tow headed little girl.

Janet just stood and stared. When Julie saw her, she gave Janet a huge smile, and pointed. The little girl nodded her head and broke into her own smile. She'd lost a baby tooth or so and had a small gap in her teeth in front.

The first thing that Julie did, when she got to where Janet was waiting, in surprise, for her, was to say to the little girl: "Sarah, honey, this is Aunt Janet; she's special!"

"Hi, Aunt Janet," the little girl said and came forward for a hug. Janet was taken in, and captured instantly!

"Oh, honey!" Janet said, returning the hug, and while she hugged little Sarah, she looked up at Julie with positive love!"

Then Janet and Julie were hugging and kissing.

"She's lovely!" Janet said.

"She's ours!" Julie said.

"Really?" Janet asked, pleased.

"Yes, I didn't know if I should have told you or made it a surprise. She's Ray and Wendy's and there's no one else. Mom can't take her and so we're next in line. Is it okay?"

"You hardly need to ask me that," Janet said, but then went on: "But 'yes', it's grand. What a positively perfect addition to our home."

They talked to Sarah on the way to their house, telling her about where they lived and how nice it was. They answered her questions and had her pretty much prepared, by the time that they got to the beach house.

"Here we are," Janet said, leading them to the door, with Sarah hanging on to her hand all the while.

"Oh, this is pretty," Sarah said.

"This is our home," Janet said. "Home for all three of us," Julie chimed in, and Sarah gave the two of them huge smiles.

They had a snack then after showing Sarah, who was 6, around the house. Janet designated one of the rooms near the master suite as Sarah's room, telling her that the big room down the hall was the room where Aunt Janet and Julie Mom would be. 'Julie Mom' was Sarah's name for Julie. She'd called her that for the few years that she'd known her cousin.

After the snack and the house tour, Julie told Sarah that it would be time for her to have a rest. There already was a bed in the guest room, now Sarah's room and they settled her in there. She could look out the French door and see the Gulf of Mexico, as she rested.

Then it was time for Janet and Julie. Before they had a chance to talk and settle things, Janet was frantically taking Julie's clothes off to get at her. They spent the next 25 minutes with their almost frantic love making, ending up in a position where they could take care of each other at the same time.

Then they lounged on the bed and talked about the situation and how it had come about.

"What do you think?" Julie asked finally.

"I think that she is exquisite and she needs to be ours!" Janet said.

Julie smiled a huge broad smile and kissed Janet. "That's my sweet puss! That's my Janet! How lucky I am to have found you and have you with me! Just how lucky!"

"Now we have a family!" Janet said.

"Yes, we do!" Julie agreed.

The next few days were busy ones for the new family. Julie went back to work with the company and Janet devoted her time to Sarah. They shopped for bedroom furniture that Sarah liked and Janet walked the beach with her. She taught her about shark's teeth and shells, and Sarah began to have her own collection of shells that she liked and shark's teeth.

There were times, frequently in those first few days, both when Sarah and Janet were alone and when all three of them were together, for Sarah to express her sorrow about having lost her Mommy and Daddy. Julie and Janet made sure that she had pictures of the two of them in her bedroom. It was comforting for her.

As time went by, however, Sarah formed a strong bond to her new 'parents'. She insisted now on calling Janet 'Janet Mommie' and as time went by, it simply became just 'Momma' for both Janet and Julie.

Sarah grew as one of the happiest of little girls possible. Life with her two 'Mommas' was a good and sweet life for her. Her 'Granny' visited her often at their Florida beach house.

As time went on, Janet continued to show a positive flair for business, buying up small businesses and making them profitable. Julie's business flourished. The three of them settled down to life again in their Florida home. They live there still.
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

A mattwatt novel: comments to wattmattwatt43@gmail.com
The End

    | Posted: 2009-11-06 | mattwatt's Blog | Share: twitter Tweet | 

Home | Top | mattwatt's Page |   Feedback to author


