Jennie and the Handyman
by mattwatt
Copyright© 2010 by mattwatt

Show Story Details

Her glancing at the paper that early Tuesday, second cup of coffee in hand, was what finally moved Jennie Allen to do something about her 'old house." It wasn't exactly that she had 'let it go', as people tend to say. It's just that she normally never thought about having things done.

Old habits died hard; she was aware of that. The whole realm of dealing with house items, and needs was one of her Andy's main pleasures. She thought of the many, many times that she would scold him about working so hard at his practice and then working so hard around the house.

Andy Allen, Dr. Andrew Allen to be precise, was a proud and stubborn man. He loved being a children's doctor as much as he loved puttering around with their 'old house'. It fell to Jennie to be the 'grounds, plants, and shrubs' lady, and she took that job seriously.

As the years went by they had aged comfortably together until that terrible, terrible day, when the policeman at the door had stolen her heart and her youth and her love, telling her of the accident and Andy's death.

The years since then had been the difficult ones. Jennie struggled; she struggled constantly, since it seemed that everything became such a task suddenly. It was as though life had become leaden somehow, and simply weighed her down.

She never neglected the way she looked but it was never a priority afterwards. She looked into her drawer of fancy underwear, one day and simply thought that all those frilly, lacy, sexy things that Andy loved to see her wear, were silly for an older lady. She put them away in a box in the closet. She associated them too closely with Andy's memory to toss them out. So, in the closet they stayed.

For herself alone she went to common, but still what she thought was pretty, kinds of underwear. Not flashy, not breathtaking but pretty colors and fabrics. It was only important to her still because it had always been important to him.

There were those kinds of things that she invariably got around to. Her clothes were more sensible than fetching. She saw herself settling into the mode of an aging widow. Friends took her to task about that kind of mind set at only 38 but to her it fit. Her Andy was gone and she had no further expectations for such things.

One of the areas where she was displeased with herself, however, was the house, Andy's 'old house'. She loved it, of course, as much as he had but she hadn't the same instincts for keeping it up, tending to it, fixing it, seeing it in repair, as he had.

But she did notice the fact that the outside was getting a bit shabby. It no longer was the spectacular brick beauty with the brilliant white trim that it had once been. And even she began to notice that.

Over a time period she said to herself periodically:

"I really have to get that taken care of, and soon."

But for Jennie 'soon' didn't come right away. It was almost as if the lovely old house being a bit shabby around the edges matched her own personality, outlook and physical appearance exactly.

To herself she quipped:

"She's an old babe like me, and we're being weathered together."

Then she glanced at the paper that Tuesday and she noticed an advertisement in the local about a handyman to do any kind of work around. That in itself was not particularly outstanding but the fact that the handyman's name was John Stewart did catch her eye.

"I wonder if that's Johnnie Stewart from over on Finder's Lane," she asked herself.

She used to baby sit for Johnnie Stewart, when she was a middle teen. Her baby sitting for him went on for a number of years, when she was in high school.

She determined to call and see if it was that particular Johnnie Stewart.

The call turned out to be a treat. He said a loud and happy:

"Mrs. Allen! Mrs. Dr. Allen! What a treat to hear from you."

"I understand from the paper that you've set up a kind of handyman's business, Johnnie," she said.

"Yes," he answered, "I've just begun and am trying to drum up some business."

"Well," she answered, "I'll be one of your first customers then."

"Mrs. Allen, what a treat that'll be. Tell me when's a good time for me to see you?" he said enthusiastically

"Any time, sweetie," she said, lapsing into her old ways of dealing with him from those years ago, when she tried, often vainly, to curb his enthusiasm, while baby sitting.

"Still living in that lovely old brick beauty," he asked.

"Yes," she said, "Still living in Dr. Andy's love!"

"Well," he said, his voice obviously pleased, "I'll be right over."

"I'm afraid you'll find me dirty," she said, "I've been in the garden this morning and haven't cleaned off the dirt yet."

"Seeing you any way at all will be a treat, Mrs. Allen," he said.

"Jennie, please," she said.

"Jennie it is then," were his words, as he rang off the phone.

She made herself a cup of tea, after cleaning a bit and while she waited for him to arrive. He wasn't very long in getting there at all.

Jennie was smiling as soon as the doorbell rang. She hurried to the door to let him in, and had a hug for him, as he came into the house.

"My what a lovely man you've become, Johhnie," she said to him and then quickly:

"I guess I should apologize; one doesn't call a man 'lovely' these days, I suppose!"

"You certainly can call me that!" he said with a big grin on his face. "It's such a marvelous treat to see you, Mrs ... uh Jennie!"

"It had better be 'Jennie', young man!" she said with mock severity. She went on then:

"But tell me what have you been doing with yourself?"

"Well, I realized after a year of college that it wasn't what I wanted. I so love working with my hands. I decided that maybe the service would help me out, so I've spent the past12 years doing tours of duty with the Marines."

"My, my," she said wistfully, "I used to baby sit him and he turns out to be a hero!"

"Hardly a hero," he protested.

She held up a hand and said:

"No, no, Johnnie, you are all heroes to me; that's simply a fact!"

"Thank you for that," he said. Then:

"But anyway, I've mustered out and decided against another tour, so I came to the home town and decided to begin doing what I love the best. Now I'm the handyman, Johnnie the Handyman."

"And a good one I'll bet," was her comment.

"Well, that remains to be seen, Mrs ... Jennie!" he said.

"Hard to get used to?" she asked softly.

"Very," he said. "You have always been Dr Andy's wife in my mind."

"Yes, yes, I know," she said wistfully.

"And a wonderful thing it was to be," he went on, "Everyone thought that."

"Oh, Johnnie Steward, don't you make me cry now!" she said, dabbing her eyes.

"Sorry, Jennie," he said, putting his hand over hers.

Jennie sniffed and said:

"Well, let's look the old gal over and see what she needs."

He laughed suddenly a very rich laugh. He immediately apologized to her:

"Sorry, Jennie," he said, "That was impolite!"

But she was already grinning at that point and said:

"Well I was referring to the house!"

They ended both of them laughing about it.

They looked the house over and he indicated that it wasn't in bad shape but should be 'seen to' very soon. He mentioned tuck pointing and also said the wood trim needed to be painted, and in places scraped right away, as the first part of the job.

"There might be other things that we see need to be done but those things stand out right away. Shall I give you an estimate?"

"You just show up and begin to do the job, whether I'm here or not," she said. "You can tell me, when you get here about how much you think it's going to cost."

"Fair enough, Jennie," he said. "I'll likely be back tomorrow to begin with the windows and such. I'll start with the second floor windows in the back and do the uppers first; they'll be the more difficult ones."

"Fine," she said, "I might be out tomorrow, since it's my shopping morning. So, please just begin and I'll catch up with you, when I'm around."

"You've got it, Mrs A," he said and then a quick: "Oops! I mean, Jennie!" he grinned a huge winning smile at her, when he said this and, when he left she was smiling too.

"What a treat!" she said to herself, "To have old friends like that back in my life. What a lift!"

She then began laughing, when she thought of the wayward remark about 'looking the old gal over and seeing what she needs!'

"Old gal, indeed!" she said, "You should be ashamed of yourself, Johnnie Stewart!"

But then she sighed and said: "Come on, Jen, 'old gal' fits you to a tee these days."

After some reflection she said a soft:

"Yes, I guess it does."

The next day, Jennie was out early for her shopping. She liked to get to the big super market before there was a crowd out and shopping. She lingered just a little bit over the things that she wanted. As was her sometimes practice, she'd gotten up, combed her hair, cleaned her teeth, put on a pair of old jeans and a tee shirt and, after one cup of coffee, was off to the market. It was a routine that she used to get her up and going early. She always gave herself a lovely hot shower or a bath, when she got back.

When she got back to the house, Johnnie was already setting up his ladder and they waved. He seemed busy, so she decided that she'd wait and invite him for some coffee after a bit. She bought some croissants and a few apple fritters, to tempt him with. She got her things put away and, with another cup of coffee in hand, went upstairs.

At the very end of the hall way was the bathroom. It was a huge thing, a room which she really loved, and knew that it was one of Andy's favorites. Originally, the bathroom had a door from the landing and one from the big bedroom. They had changed that and now you got into the bathroom, a master bath, from their bedroom.

Jennie followed her normal practice of shedding her clothes in the bathroom. She took with her a clean pair of panties, pearl white, nylon. They were the 'full to the waist' kind. Some people referred to them as 'grannies', sarcastically, but Jennie didn't care much about what folks would say. She liked things like that to be pretty and saw no need at all for sexy.

The shower felt good, and she lingered in it. She did he hair and dried it. The noise of the dryer drowned out all the outside noises. This was a lovely, relaxing time for Jennie and she always gave herself up to it with a sensualness that she often felt was selfish.

"But it's my one true pleasure!" she said, and that was true. Jennie had never been one for masturbation, so she 'played with herself' only seldom, when the sexual pressure built up in her and she felt that she needed 'release'.

She hummed to herself as she finished with the hair dryer and put it away. She pulled the panties into place, having still the vanity to look at herself in the mirror.

Then she laughed and said: "Maybe 'the old gal' doesn't need all that much anyhow!"

Then she lectured herself: "Now, Jennie Allen, don't you go getting school girl notions in that head of yours."

She was almost talking to herself out loud and didn't notice or hear the noise that Johnnie was making. For he'd finished the first window and was now working on the window to her bedroom.

It happened, as soon as she stepped into the room. She was wearing only that pair of pearl white panties. They were nylon and fairly flimsy. The shadow of her rich dark pubic curls was clearly visible in front and the soft line of her butt crack was just as visible from behind.

As fate at that moment dictated, she'd forgotten something on the bathroom counter and turned, as soon as she entered the bedroom, to get it.

Johnnie Stewart almost fell off of his ladder, when, as he was scraping paint off of the window frame, he looked away from the scraping for an instant, just as Jennie entered the bedroom wearing only her panties. Then she turned to get whatever it was in the bathroom, having already treated Johnnie to a clear view, right through her almost transparent panties, of her pubic triangle, and just as clearly showed him her crack. She had in her hands a tee shirt and her bra.

They saw each other at the very same time, although they had very different reactions to what was taking place.

Johnnie got a major league grin on his face, as he was looking at the lovely, lovely woman in her underwear. Jennie simply dropped the bra and the tee shirt on the floor and pressed the back of her hand to her mouth, wide eyed with surprise.

They both moved then at the same time. He began to get down off of the ladder, and Jennie quickly grabbed her bra and tee shirt from the floor and a clean pair of jeans and retreated, blushing furiously, to the sanctuary of the bathroom.

"Oh, my!" she said out loud. "I forgot Johnnie totally. He's going to think that I did that on purpose. Damn, damn!"

She quickly dressed and went hurrying down stairs. Just as she got into the kitchen, Johnnie was knocking on the back door.

She opened the door and he said, a grin on his face:

"My, you look different."

"Oh, Johnnie," she said, "I owe you such an apology; I forgot, silly woman that I am, totally that you were working on those windows. I know that you told me but I was lolly gagging in the bathroom and taking my good old time and ended up ... ended up, I guess, flashing is what they call it."

Johnnie laughed and said:

"Yep, Mrs. A, uh, Jennnie, that's what they call it."

Then he too was serious and said:

"Sorry that I was looking in the window just then; I really wasn't trying to invade your privacy."

"Johnnie, I'm not blaming you. I'm just a addle headed old woman!"

There were tears in her eyes then, and she wasn't sure exactly why. Thoughts swept through her mind, making her wonder if the tears were because she liked it, or she was upset that he'd seen her undressed or what. She guessed that it was the latter that was effecting her right then.

"Hey," he said, "No harm, no foul! It was the nicest thing that I've seen in a year of Sundays!"

"Johnnie Stewart," she said severely, but blushing all the while, "Don't you dare give me that blarney! You just got flashed by old Mrs. Allen, and I'll mind myself in the future and make sure that I behave."

He snorted!

It made her turn around and look at him.

He said, smiling, "I'll go back and finish that window, since the coast is clear!"

She shook her finger at him saying: "Johnnie Stewart, don't you play the fool with me!"

"Gorgeous!" he said softly. "Gorgeous is what I say!"

Then there was a deep silence; one that neither one of them seemed ready to break.

Finally he smiled then and walked to the door that led outside.

Jennie ceased her blushing finally and said to him:

"I'll have coffee and some goodies ready in about a half hour. Will that suit you?"

"Exactly, pretty lady!" he said.

"Johnnie Stewart!" she said sharply, and he left the kitchen laughing merrily.

"Scamp!' she said, shaking her head, and then realized that she was smiling also.

She stopped in her progress and leaned against the kitchen counter and said:

"Oh, Andy, he said gorgeous. He said gorgeous!"

She pushed it out of her mind and went back to the task of fixing coffee for them.

She was ready for him at about the time that she had said. She knew that she should say or do something to lighten the mood, which the accident had created.

She went out to where he was working on the ladder and said:

"Coffee time, Johnnie! You can come in now, I've got my pants on!"

He laughed and hung onto the ladder and said:

"Maybe I don't want to come then."

"Johnnie Stewart!" she said in a threatening voice.

He laughed again and said to her, looking down from his vantage point:

"I'd do almost anything to hear you bark out my name with such authority!"

"You are a devil, Johnnie Stewart!" she said, smiling back at him.

"It's the Marine in me, Mrs A, Jennie," he said.

"Well leave the Marine in you on the ladder and come into the kitchen for coffee and a roll."

"Yes, ma'am," he said actually saluting her.

"Johnnie!" she said in a threatening voice.

"I'm coming now," he said, still chuckling.

They sat down companionably and had the morning coffee that she'd prepared and the goodies that she bought at the store.

"This is a treat, Jennie," he said, and then, grinning began to say: "Almost as big a treat as..."

"Don't you dare!" she shot back at him, turning red.

"Gee, I'd do it, just to watch you blush!" he said. "It makes the prettiness that much more alive!"

"Johnnie, don't talk the fool," she said next, light heartedly.

He looked at her then, and with a straight face, making it obvious that he wasn't joking now said to her:

"I swear to you that I'm only telling the truth!"

She blushed again then, and he said a loud:

"Aha!"

"Don't you 'aha' me, Johnnie Stewart," she said, but feebly now and she stopped once she'd said it.

He was looking at her with a kind of question mark on his face, waiting for what she was going to say next.

She said simply: "Thank you!"

He reached out his hand and put his hand over hers, a gesture to make her embarrassment less and comfort her.

"You're welcome," he said, "I'm a man who simply tells the truth."

She looked at him wistfully and said:

"Then it's a truth that I haven't faced or been reminded of for a long, long time!"

Her voice echoed with a kind of pain that he recognized right away.

Leaving his hand on top of hers he said softly:

"Jennie, Dr. Andy was the luckiest man alive!"

"Was he?" she asked, making it an open, seeking question, all of the raillery between them now set aside.

"On my honor as a Marine!" Johnnie said, "He surely was!"

"Oh," she said, sinking into herself a little bit, "I miss my old man. It's kind of less and less as the years go by. I know that. I ... I just don't know if I know how to live any more."

Then she brushed tears away from her cheeks and said:

"I'm sorry, Johnnie, you're such good company, lifting a girl's spirits and I respond with this downer. I apologize."

"You also responded with the greatest show on earth this morning!" he said, getting up to go back to work.

"Johnnie Stewart!" she barked at him.

He was grinning at the door and said to her:

"Yes, ma'am, I'm going, I'm going."

"Impossible!" she said. Then she smiled and said a soft:

"Thank you so much for what you said and for allowing me my little sadness."

"What the lady wants is my duty!" he said, and said it earnestly enough that she believe him and just smiled.

"Lunch will be at noon," she said, "Any preferences?"

"After Marine corps food, if its on the plate, I eat it!" he said, and the both laughed as he went back to work.

They had a very nice lunch. He appreciated the trouble that she took to cook for him, and said so. He also backed off on his kidding about the morning's 'flashing' incident, which she also appreciated.

He left that afternoon promising an early start tomorrow. She said she'd be ready for him, and blushed a bright scarlet, when she realized how it sounded.

He laughed and said quickly:

"Sorry! I promised myself that I was going to behave."

"I don't think you know how!" she said with a hoot.

He laughed again and said: "You might just be right, Jennie; only time will tell."

The rest of the day was a fairly restless one for her. She was pleased that she was having the needed things done on the house. She was also pleased to be in touch with Johnnie Stewart again. She liked him, his infectious good humor, his abundant smile and the loveliness of his manners, which shined through all of the good natured raillery that had been a part of the day.

"And it wouldn't have been so embarrassing," she said to herself severely, "If you had just been paying attention, instead of parading around like a floozy on a runway."

That image broke up her lecture altogether.

"Floozy on a runway!" she repeated and began to laugh and laughed until there were tears trickling down her face. She had to sit down after a bit, she was that weak from laughing.

It was almost as if a mood was on her at that point. She kept up kind of jabbing at herself with the same kinds of words:

"We showed him!" she said, and giggled harder.

"Almost knocked him off the damn ladder!" she said next and fairly choked with laughter.

"Jennie Allen, get a hold of yourself," she said harshly but the demand faded into giggles almost as soon as she'd made it.

"How about that for ingenuity," she crowed next, "There I was flashing a peeping tom on a ladder at my bedroom window."

"Jennie, stop it or you're gonna pee yourself," she said next and went to the kitchen to engage in some kind of chore to settle herself down.

After a bit, much calmer now, she reflected that indeed she'd not had this much fun for many and many a day-month-year!

"And I know you don't mind, Andy Old Man," she said softly. "Johnnie and I were just funning with each other."

"Yeah," came a voice from deep within her, "When you were parading in front of him in your undies!" That set her off laughing again.

Then the waggish voice continued: "And what did you do, as soon as you saw him? You dropped your only cover, the tee shirt, on the damn floor and put your hand to your mouth."

She was laughing by the end of the thought. "What was I thinking?" she reflected.

"That's easy," came the taunting voice: "Well, here's Jennie!"

She had laughing fits again at that and decided to go out to fetch something for dinner, just to get her mind off of it.

Jennie had long ago discovered that she could actually be good company for herself, when she allowed these kinds of personal dialogues to go on, sometimes in her head only and sometimes, like now partially out loud.

But she was left, as she was driving out to fetch some kind of fast food dinner, with the nagging question, the one that all the foolishness had allowed her to avoid:

"How do you feel about what happened? Your accidentally showing yourself to him almost naked?"

The posed question hung there in mid air. She had actually asked herself the question, in order to make it more real, more of a demand. She allowed the silence to stretch on a bit and finally said softly, to the evening, to any spirits listening, and, more than half intentionally to the spirit of her Andy:

"I liked it! That's frightening but I liked it."

After a brief pause, she asked: "Andy, what am I to do."

And she had the feeling right away that for now there was nothing to do. She set the thoughts aside for the moment and simply went on with her errand of getting something to eat.

She opened a bottle of merlot with her fast food bonanza, to make it seem a little more ritzy.

That entire evening Jennie was in an introspective mood. This was not unusual for her, only this time it was not brooding on the loss of Andy. This introspection was a kind of frightening brood on her whole day with Johnnie Stewart around.

She didn't like the way that her thoughts were going, so she shut them off, shut them down and watched a favorite movie on the tv for entertainment.

It worked for her. She got absorbed in the movie and thought no more about the day's little mishap. At least she didn't think of it any more until it was almost time for her to go to bed.

That night in the dark, in bed she did something that was unusual for her. She was in a mellow mood, and in the dark, giving it little forethought, she let her fingers creep across her stomach and to the waist band of her panties.

She hadn't worn a nightgown to bed, only the panties. She so rarely did this, allowed herself this kind of treat, that she was panting about it, almost from the very start.

The fingers of the invading hand crept down inside the waist band of her panties and across the plane of her stomach. They came to rest, she stopped them for a few seconds, just at the edge of her pubic hair. But she realized quickly that the stopping wasn't to halt the operation at all but only to let the anticipation build.

Then the fingers moved slowly lower and finally they were entwined in the curls of her pubic hair.

"Ohhhhhhhh!" she said and then she stopped for a long moment and gave utterance to the thought that was dominating her mind just then:

"He said 'gorgeous'; it's what he said!"

With those words, she worked her clever fingers into the wetness of her own pussy, past the pubic hair, past the lips, which seemed to be a bit swollen with the lust that had settled so heavily on Jennie right then. The fingers were exploring the inner crease of her vaginal lips, and Jennie had her head sunk into the pillow, her eyes closed and her head moving slowly from side to side making excited, soft noises.

She pushed another finger in to join the first one, and it create more of a fullness.

"Oh this is what I need, this fullness, is what I need, need, need!" she moaned to herself, and with one finger sought and found the button of her clitoris and began to stimulate it.

It had been indeed a long time, since Jennie had allowed herself such a lovely sexual outlet as this, and she was sinking deep into the enjoyment of it, her hands doing the work of a phantom lover, and doing it well.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she moaned to the night, to the shadows, to the dark and to the silent contents of her own now somewhat conflicted heart.

I felt nice but really it felt much more than just nice. It was almost like her spirit being tugged in a new direction, and the shades of the past seemed to be urging her in that new direction also. She fought those thoughts and simply concentrated on the educated fingers that were plundering her pussy and doing it so very well.

Then she knew what was coming and grabbed the pillow with her free hand, wrenching the hand from playing with her nipple and put the pillow over her face and simply bellowing her orgasm's force, simply hollered!

She calmed down then and said a long, heart felt:

"Whewwwwwwwwwwwwww!"

She lay her head back and said quietly: "I must do that more often!"

She thought about it, a smile wreathing her features and said as softly:

"Yep, more often!"

The little voice that was part of her inner dialogue so often spoke up then:

"Time to live Jennie!"

"Yes," was her simple reply, for she knew the truth of what had been expressed.

"And he'd want it, Jennie!" came next.

This also got the simple reply: "Yes," and fewer tears accompanied that realization than she might have thought, pushing her in the direction of thinking that maybe, after all it was time.

Then she had a notion. It was, she thought at first, a silly notion but the more she thought about it, the more she wanted to follow it out.

So, she was out of bed and at her closet in a few seconds, actually pleased to be padding around in the bedroom, even in the dark wearing, again, only panties. Without thinking, she cast a glance at the window half expecting or hoping for his face but of course it wasn't there.

She went on with her task. Pulling the curtains closed, she wasn't ready to expose herself to the world just yet, she put on the light. Then she went downstairs, after thinking for a moment, and came back soon bearing a glass of merlot for herself.

Then it was into the closet, get the box from the back of the closet and set it on the bed. She opened the lid and there it was. There was her finery! All her sexy underwear. She was almost overwhelmed by the variety of fabrics and colors, shapes and kinds of garments.

She giggled.

She sat on the bed then and thought a bit about the two things that she'd done. She loved the masturbation and how powerful it had been for her, and she was silly pleased with the possibility of wearing the sexy panties and sets again.

It even made her light headed. She finished her wine and lay down in bed, drifting off with lovely, sensuous thoughts.

She made sure the next day that she didn't get caught in the same way. She took her shower early, and was dressed immediately afterwards. She went to the kitchen and backed cinnamon rolls to have something for Johnnie, when he came to work on the house.

Continuation...

She was smiling, as he drove up. As he got out of the truck with a sporty:

"Hi, Jennie!"

She greeted him: "Johnnie, good morning; I have a surprise for you!"

"Good," he said, with a wide grin on his face, "Which window shall I put the ladder up to?"

She squealed in positive delight, covering her mouth again with her hand.

"You are such a pleasure to tease!" he said. "I'm sorry, Jennie, what's the surprise?"

"Well, it's not what you were thinking it would be, you devil!"

He grinned at her.

"I have home made cinnamon rolls for us this morning!" she said proudly.

"Then good for us, almost as good as the bedroom follies, as viewed from a ladder outside of the window! The classic stance of the ever seeking peeping tom."

She was giggling wildly at what he was saying.

"Stop it now, or you'll have me peeing myself!" she said tears from the laughter floating down her cheeks.

"Gee that's almost enough incentive to keep on until it happens," he said then.

"Johnnie Stewart!" she said sharply, through her laughter.

"I was wondering how long it would take you today for the first 'Johnnie Stewart'," he said, "Not bad either, within the first 10 minutes."

"Heathen!" she said.

"I am not," he replied, "I'm a Methodist."' Once again he had her laughing and met her for a morning hug, which seemed to be the most natural thing to do for both of them.

"Come on into the kitchen," she said.

"I love this old house," he said, as he sat at the table, watching her getting things ready for the two of them.

"It was Andy's pride," she said.

"I know," he said softly, "That makes it extra special to you, I realize."

She looked at him and said simply and earnestly:

"Yes, Johnnie, it does; he was a special man. He was ... he was my man!"

"It must be a terrible feeling," he said to her then.

She looked at him and said: "Thank you; it is, has been, and, I'm relieved to say, is kind of fading to a point where it can rest and not cloud my nights and days quite so much."

"Relief?" he asked.

"Definitely," she said, "Relief. But there'll always be a spot in my heart for my Andy."

"Wonderful woman!" he said simply, "Strong loves, intensely felt, always held onto."

He stopped then and said to her: "Sorry, I'm embarrassing you."

"Well, Johnnie," she said, "Surprising me, surely, but maybe not embarrassing me. I'm trying to kind of forge a new me."

"New you?" he asked, hastening to get away from the statement that he'd made, which was certainly heart felt, but, he was afraid, was exposing too much of himself.

"Yes, getting away from the mope, from the whole idea of burying myself in a middle age that maybe I shouldn't be ready for yet. I don't know. The ideas are only forming themselves right now but that's the way it feels, anyhow."

"A difficult but probably rewarding task," he said.

"Yes," she answered, "I suppose you'd know; I suspect that Marine training was like that for you."

He thought and said: "Yes, yes it was, and it too made a kind of an impression that isn't gone, won't be gone and will always be a part of me. I'm not trying to belittle your love for Dr. Andy by making a flip comparisons, it just feels like it's the same thing."

"I know that you're not being flip, Johnnie; I appreciate the sensitivity that you're giving me about the part of me where my Andy still can be found. It's a rare gift that you're giving."

He'd finished a cup of coffee and two cinnamon rolls and said to her:

"Hey, thanks for this, Mrs A, ... Jennie, sorry! I guess I'd better get to work before our discussion takes both of us into territory more morose than we want on so bright and sunny a morning."

"Johnnie Stewart," she said, reaching out to stroke his cheek, "You're a very caring man!"

"Thank you for noticing," he said and was off to work.

He told her of his plan for the day. It was his intention that day to scrape the rest of the windows, and then paint.

Jennie got a pixyish look on her face and promised to keep her clothes on, at least whenever she was in a room where he was ogling at the window.

"Ogling!" he almost shouted, "Ogling the lady says! I was doing work that I agreed to do; minding my own business and she prances into the room tits bouncing, and wearing panties that couldn't hide anything even if she wanted to hide it!"

Jennie squeaked, when he got to the part of his oration about 'tits'. It brought a huge grin to his face.

"It makes it worth it for me to engage in verbal battles with you just to see you turn red and make those, sexy noises!" he said, and held his hands up in the air, as she turned and was about to storm at him.

"I'm going, I'm going, I'm going! To work, just to work! Don't throw anything!"

"You devil!" she said to his retreating back, while both of them broke into laughter.

She sat down then to another cup of coffee, knowing that she would have to think this through a bit. It was certainly heady. She had no illusions about his intentions; he was being a brat to get a rise out of her, and it was working, she realized, much to her delight.

But then too there had been some interchanges that were among the most sensitive that were possible. It was these that she turned over in her mind, to look at, to feel and to try to figure out a bit. She wasn't sure that she was actually surprised because he'd always seemed to her to be sensitive. But some of what he had to say to her made a real impression. It gave her food for thought.

She moved to clean up and begin to plan some lunch, when the other thing that he'd said hit her. It was his big jest but it gave her a sense of heat that she was not used to feeling. She remembered what he said about her panties not hiding anything, even if she wanted to. The thought struck her and she was determined to see the truth of it. She certainly hadn't noticed but he obviously had.

She went to the bedroom, making sure that he was not working on one of those windows. Then she went into the bathroom and took her clothes off. She knew that she wanted this to look exactly like it looked then. She took her panties off, a pair of beige 'grannies' today, and put on the ones from yesterday, that she fished out of the hamper. She stood then in front of the mirror and gasped.

"He was right!" she said, eyes wide and staring.

The panties hid nothing. She turned around, as she knew she had inadvertently in the bedroom and checked it out.

"There they were," she thought, "On public display, at least public display if you're Johnnie Stewart and are right outside the window."

For she could readily see her pubic hair and, when turned around, her crack. Then Jennie surprised herself almost totally. She wasn't embarrassed; she wasn't abashed; she wasn't dismayed. Jennie Allen looked at herself, remembered that this is what he saw, and said he saw, with a quick hand movement, she flicked a nipple, which made her squeak, and she positively sat down on the lid of the toilet and giggled.

She hustled back into her clothes, and went to the kitchen. There was now a kind of perpetual smile plastered on her face, since she realized the truth of the matter: namely, that she really and truly had flashed Johnnie Stewart.

"Of course it was inadvertent," she reasoned with herself.

"But it sure as heck must have been impressive!" was her next idea.

Then she heard him clattering about and went on with the lunch that she was preparing. She went outside to call him to lunch, and found him around the other side of the house on the ladder working. He didn't notice her at first. He'd taken his shirt off because it was getting warm, and she noticed, at his waist, riding a little bit above the belt of his shorts, was an edge of what looked like royal purple nylon.

"That's his underwear!" she said to herself, rooted to the spot, as she stared and wondered to herself what kind of garment it cold be.

"Uh, Johnnie," she said, and he turned to look at her.

Then it was worse because he had a row of dark hair that began at his navel and disappeared into the royal purple band and into his shorts. Jennie blushed a deep scarlet.

If he noticed, he was being nice enough not to mention it. But it certainly made an impression on her. She pushed it to the back of her mind for later on.

He came soon afterwards, smiling at her. She realized that she could hardly look at him, now that she knew the way that she had actually looked from his window vantage point.

She also knew that she had to say something.

"What's wrong?" he asked her. "You're upset."

"Uh, yes," she said slowly, trying to think her way through this. "I, uh, have an apology to make, kind of."

"An apology 'kind of'?" he asked, not understanding.

She heaved a huge sigh and said: "I thought of what you said, you know, about the 'ogling' thing."

"Yes," he said, determined now not to give her any help but to let her struggle through whatever this was by herself.

"Well, I, uh, went upstairs and, uh, dressed again in what I had on then, you see," she said.

"No, I didn't this time, too bad," he said with a smirk.

"Johnnie!" she said with some exasperation, and he realized that she was serious about this and stopped fooling with her.

"Go on," he said, also serious now.

"Well, you were right; when I came out of the bathroom, I was really, I guess, on display, I mean all of me! Not necessarily a pretty sight!" Then she halted, she didn't know how to go on or what to say. There were tears on her cheeks and every one of her instincts was to run away.

He was up and over to her in a second. His arms around her, holding her close.

"Don't you say that; don't you think that. Accident, yes! I know that; you know that but gorgeous sight nevertheless. Siren! Beauty! Amazing."

"Oh, Johnnie," she said in a distressed voice, "I don't know why I'm carrying on this way about such a silly incident."

"Because neither of us think that it was silly nor that its result was silly! That's why!" he said.

"Do you think so?" she said weakly but smiling now, and inwardly pleased by what he'd said, with those words clattering around inside of her head:

"Beauty! Siren!"

"Johnnie," she said then, "Lunch is ready."

"Jennie, you're the best!" was his comment, and he kissed her cheek, and for the briefest moment, she was tempted to turn her head and force him to kiss her properly. She stopped herself only at the last possible moment.

"Sit, I'll get it all ready for you, and thank you; you're such a caring man!" she said, laying a hand on his shoulder.

Lunch was quiet and pleasant, once she'd gotten her 'fixation of the day', as she called it now, out and expressed. He went back to work and she set about cleaning up and had a few projects for the afternoon.

It was mid afternoon, while she was doing some reading, trying to keep her mind off of the subject of Johnnie Stewart that, she was afraid, she was beginning to obsess about.

"He must think that I'm a middle aged dingbat with all these histrionics!" she said to herself with some severity, beginning one of her periodic self lectures.

But she was interrupted by Johnnie knocking on the door. She went to see what it was that he wanted, and let him in.

"Johnnie," she said, genuinely pleased, she realized, to see him. "Iced tea? Are you done for today?"

"Yes, to the iced tea, thank you," he said, "And 'maybe' to the done for the day," he went on.

She realized then that he was nervous about something, and she plunged right ahead about it:

"Johnnie, what is it? Is something wrong?"

"No, not wrong," he said. "I was, uh, wondering, if I might ... if you would like to, uh, go out to dinner tonight."

He said it out and breathed a kind of sigh, letting her unconsciously know what it was that he'd been nervous about.

She was surprised, kind of flabbergasted, pleased, excited, and energized all at the same time.

"Dinner?" she said, almost involuntarily.

It all gave her a moment of pure bliss that she simply let wash over her.

"Earth to Jennie!" he said, smiling now.

"I'm sorry, Johnnie, I was so surprised by your invitation," she said and smiled.

"Well!" he asked.

"Well?" she said, not understanding immediately.

"Will you?" he asked patiently.

"Oh, I thought that I had already said my 'yes'," she said. He shook his head 'no', indicating that she hadn't.

"Johnnie Stewart," she said, shaking her own head now, "You make me feel like an addled girl!"

"Good!" he said, "My charm is working!"

She gave him a half serious look then and said:

"Don't you go playing with my affections just to fool with me!"

"Jennie Allen," he said, turning serious at that point, "That is something, where you are concerned, that I would never, ever do. I am totally earnest about the invitation. I want to take the prettiest girl in town to dinner."

"Ohhhh," she said, sighing and putting the back of her hand to her mouth.

He was at the door then and said: "I'll pick you up in two hours."

As he was going out the door he stopped and now he had that look on his face that told her that he was about to do something outrageous.

She almost instinctively said: "Don't you dare!"

He laughed and said:

"Don't be staring at the waist band of my underwear!"

She looked at him wide eyed at having been so easily found out but then she let out a huge, long sound, like "EEEEEEEEEEEP!" as he unbuckled his belt, and the waist band of his shorts and pulled them to his knees, showing her that the royal purple nylon underwear weren't boxers but briefs type.

He grinned at her, as he pulled his shorts back up and said:

"Turn about and fair play!"

"You devil!" she said again. "Go or I'll throw something at you!"

"Going! Going!" he said loudly as he retreated, then he hollered over his shoulder to her, as she stood in the doorway:

"Two hours!"

"I'll be ready!" she said. "How formal?"

"I'll wear a tie, make it sexy, sophisticated," was his answer and, still grinning, he was gone.

"The devil!" she said to herself, and then played the picture of him lowering his shorts once again. Her only comment was:

"Magnificent!"

She realized that she almost had said to herself: "Magnificent ass!" but had stopped herself. It made her giggle, as she went off to the shower, humming as she went.

She prepared carefully, and realized that all the while she was humming to herself.

"My, my, aren't we happy!" said the little inner voice, and Jennie didn't even try to contradict the fact that the flow of events lately made her decidedly happy.

She went to the part of her closet that was reserved for things that she used to wear for Andy, sexy things, slinky things, sensuous things. But they'd been put away and not bothered with for a long time. She had dress in mind and only hoped that she hadn't gained too much weight for it.

She found it: black, about 3 inches above her knees, spaghetti straps with a plunge to the neckline that was just above her bust line. When she wore it with a kind of push up black lace bra, it let a good deal of cleavage of her lovely 36d breasts show.

"Just the thing, Jen," she said to herself. "Time to dazzle the handyman!"

Humming still to herself, she went off to the shower. She finished the shower and fixed her hair. She hadn't really fussed with it in an age and enjoyed that kind of thing.

When her hair was ready, she got the box from the closet. The first thing that she did was remove the box from the closet and begin to distribute the sexy underwear into a drawer that was empty and ready for them. When they were all tucked away, she got out the black, underwired bra and put it on. It was cut low and let the entire top of her breasts and cleavage show.

"Nice, Jennie!" she said.

Next it was a pair of black satin bikini panties. She snugged herself into them and was pleased with what she saw. The fact that she was dressing this way, and really never expecting Johnnie Stewart to see her in them struck her.

She sat on the bed and said softly:

"I'm going to be careful here, Andy. I know what a temptation he is and I think, darling, that I'm going to kind of put you away for a while. I know you won't mind."

Saying it was enough for her. She huffed and puffed a little, so as not to cry, and went on with her dressing. She put on a garter belt and a pair of dark, seamed black stockings.

She liked the end result enough to simply smile, when she saw herself. She put the dress on next. It had a tight top that did dip down and show the cleavage. The skirt part of it hugged her hips and ass very nicely also.

"Jennie's not playing nice tonight!" she said to herself in the mirror.

And answered herself just as quickly:

"Jennie's playing very nice tonight!"

She realized that she had about 25 minutes to spare, and sat. The thought crossed her mind, sitting there that she had to decide if she were going to invite Johnnie to stay with her tonight or not. She realized fully the implications, including the possibility that he didn't or wouldn't want to.

She decided that she'd play it by ear and see the way that the evening went before coming to that momentous decision. She certainly knew that she wasn't a 'first date girl'. At least she didn't think she was.

But she was almost overwhelmed by the intensity of what had been happening between them these past days. It was a relationship that wasn't new; she'd known Johnnie for a long time, and had seen him periodically, but never like this, never nearly like this. But then there was no time for more thought, he had arrived.

Jennie had a special dark shawl that Andy had bought her from Vienna. She threw that over her shoulders as she went to answer the door.

He looked lovely, if you could say ever that a man looks lovely. So, it was the first thing that she said to him, when she opened the door:

"Johnnie, you look just lovely! I don't know if you ever should use that language of a man but it fits."

"Thank you," he said and then:

"But I am blown away here. Please don't get me wrong, Jennie; I know you for a beautiful, vibrant woman but seeing you tonight is like running into a dream made alive. I'm tempted to be vulgar just to express myself."

"Vulgar?" she said with a smile.

He grinned and she said: "You're going to, aren't you?"

He nodded his head and said to her:

"You just look so edible!"

"Eeeeeeeek!" she squealed, and put her hand across her mouth.

"I shouldn't call you Jennie, I should call you 'Food'!" he said.

"Johnnie Stewart!" she kind of barked at him. "You're embarrassing me!"

"Well, you tempted me kind of to do it!" he said, grinning.

"Take me to dinner," she said.

"Yes, Food!" he said.

"Stop that!" she warned him, laughing at the same time.

He held up his hands and said: "I promise, I promise! No more 'Food' talk!"

She took his arm and kissed him on the cheek:

"You're terrible!" she said to him. "So bad!"

"You love it!" he returned.

"Found me out!' she said then, and they both laughed on the way to his car.

He had a lovely red mustang and held the door for her.

"Don't you be looking at my legs, Johnnie Stewart!" she said, sliding into the car.

"Sorry, ma'am, no promise!" was his reply.

They went to a steak house for dinner. When they sat at the table, in a nicely shadowy part of the restaurant, she took her shawl off. His comment was:

"My, my better and better!" she blushed.

Then he turned serious and said to her:

"Jennie, I mean it now; you are gorgeous beyond gorgeous! You make me walk proud just to be seen with you."

They were selecting their food from the menu, when a voice, a woman's voice said:

"Well look at you two!"

Jennie and Johnnie both looked up to see Sheila Lotz staring at them. She was an older local busybody.

"Jennie," she said, "Are you taking the local help out to dinner?"

Jennie colored but Johnnie answered immediately:

"No, Miz Lotz," he said, "I'm back from Afghanistan for the last time and wanted a dinner date with the loveliest, sexiest, most sensuous woman in the area and so I asked Jennnie to dinner."

Sheila Lotz colored at the answer but he came back quickly with:

"Especially since you're married and taken and all!"

Sheila Lotz began to giggle and she said:

"Have a nice night you two."

Before she turned to walk away, she smiled and winked at Jennie, who rewarded her with a grin.

They settled down to a lovely dinner, eating companionably, and finding conversing with each other both easy and interesting. They talked of their recent lives, local items, likes, dislikes and such. The time floated by and they simply had a grand time.

Jennie protested when Johnnie paid the bill, and he led her from the restaurant.

"How 'bout if we go to 'Merv's'?" he asked. "An after dinner drink and then just a dance or two?"

"Oh, Johnnie," She said, "I'd love that. It's been ever so long, since I've danced."

She was about to say more but stopped herself.

He held up a hand: "I know, Dr. Andy wasn't a dancer. It's okay to say it."

"No, Johnnie, I promised myself that I wasn't going to keep bringing him up into our conversations. It doesn't seem right somehow."

"Jennie, I never want you to forget or set aside any part of you that makes you the wonderful woman that you are," he said softly.

"Johnnie Stewart," she said, "You're going to make me cry now!"

"No, I'm going to take you dancing instead!" he answered.

"Deal!" she said.

They went and got a table at Merv's. The waitress, Ina, had been there forever and knew everyone.

"Well how about you two, all dolled up and looking bright and happy!" she said to them, when she approached the table.

"Jennie Allen," she went on, "I swear you outfoxed all of us gals, and here you are out with the best looking man in the valley!"

Jennie beamed at what she said.

Then she said in a conspiratorial tone of voice to Ina:

"Yes, Ina, as long as I can keep him from getting fresh!"

"Fresh," Ina hooted, "Why, if I were Johnnie Stewart taking you out and saw you wearing that dress with your boobies showing, I'd be as fresh as an April morning."

Johnnie roared with laughter; Jennie blushed and hid her mouth behind her hand to suppress a squeal and Ina just beamed at them.

"What'll it be, lovebirds?" she wanted to know.

They ordered drinks, and Ina went away.

"Got you, didn't she?" he asked.

"Dead center!" Jennie said smiling.

Then he gave her a serious look and said:

"Dance with me, pretty lady!"

She put her shawl on the back of the chair and let him help her out of the chair. She went into his arms immediately, snuggling against him and was swept up into the loveliness of the dance.

Jennie loved dancing. She also realized that she loved the feel of Johnnie Stewart holding her against himself and dancing. She was impressed by the fact that he didn't try to mash her as they danced but she was constantly aware of his hands on her back, during the dancing.

"This is so lovely!" she whispered into his ear.

She backed her face off and said to him:

"Johnnie, I'm so afraid of making a fool of myself!"

He stared at her and brushed her lips, very quickly with his own and said:

"Well, if you are, then we both are."

"Oh, it's okay then!" she answered and held him as close as possible.

All the while she played in her mind, in the idle moments, the sight of him with his shorts around his knees, showing her, in that brazen fashion, his royal purple underwear and that magnificent muscular butt.

She had to constantly pull herself away from the thought of it.

They were fairly quiet on the way back to her house. When they arrived, she knew what she was going to do or say.

He opened the door for her and she stood up. She said to him:

"Johnnie, honey, I ... I don't think I'm ready to invite you in for the night. Please don't be angry."

He said to her, holding her close:

"I'm out with my best girl and nothing that she does will make me angry."

"Oh, honey!" she sighed, and then said:

"I do so desperately want to be kissed, Johnnie!"

He smiled at her then and said:

"The Marines are always ready to do the job!"

She giggled. "You're being silly!"

"It's either be silly or sob, you're so beautiful!" he answered.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh!" she moaned but her moan was drowned out by his lips.

She kissed eagerly but, she thought, not well. So, she just gave herself over to the experience as he was guiding it. The kiss was soft, and long, and wet, and as lovely as she could wish. Just at the end of the kiss, she felt his tongue caress her lips. It sent a shock of thrill through her, and she responded with the tip of her own tongue.

This led to two more such kisses, when he leaned back and said:

"Jennie, thanks for a wonderful evening! But I have to work tomorrow. If I'm not bright and early on the job the lioness will get me."

"Don't play the fool!" she said, chiding him.

"You know," he said, "It's either that or..."

Her response was to kiss him again, in the middle of his statement.

Just as he left her, he got that wicked look on his face again and said, before she could stop him:

"Food! Definitely Food!"

"What am I going to do with you?" she said.

He turned to her, serious again and said:

"That's what we have to figure out next, I guess. Thank you for a perfect evening, Jennie, you look breath taking!"

Then he was gone. She watched him go from the window, and once he was actually gone she said one loud word to herself, from herself. She knew the truth of it immediately:

"Fool!"

If he hadn't actually gone, she would have gotten him back. Walked out to his car, in her underwear and gotten him back and made him her own in a special way all through the night.

She was left with a sigh and the shadow of a regret. She went upstairs, and slowly undressed, in the back of her mind, pretending that he was watching, dressed only in those sexy royal purple, nylon briefs. She felt herself getting wet between the legs, as she got into bed, no clothes tonight at all.

It was all that she could do to resist calling him and asking him to come back.

But she snuggled down with her thoughts, the mental pictures, the vision of dancing with him, holding him, his hands on her back, the lovely things that he said, and the siren image of Johnnie Stewart in his purple underwear.

She moved her finger down across the naked plane of her belly and said to the night and to herself:

"Oh, we're going to do this again tonight?"

"Yes," was her answer, "After all we might not have to do this alone much longer."

The thought stunned her but she allowed it, not caring at this point what his intentions were only being critically aware of her own longing.

She played with herself, those clever fingers wound in her pubic hair, inserting themselves, rummaging and making her world all in color. But just before she came, she knew, in a clear second what she was going to do tomorrow. She'd have the nerve and do it. She promised herself. It was her last thought of the night before drifting to sleep a very contended woman.

He was on time the next morning, and she greeted him warmly, but maybe, due to her own nervousness, as warmly as he thought she might.

"Jennie, is anything wrong?" he asked, as she brought him coffee.

"No, Johnnie," she said, "I'm afraid that I didn't get much sleep and am still tired."

"Well," he said covering her mood with his brashness, "Watch out what bedroom you like down in, because the handyman will be at the window."

She smiled and said: "I'll keep that in mind, Johnnie Stewart."

He went to work after coffee and a muffin that she'd baked and decided he'd just think about it.

She was up and out of the kitchen in a flash, once he was gone. She heard him putting the ladder against the house. Went into the living room to make sure which of the windows he was working at, and once sure of herself, went upstairs.

She was almost on automatic pilot. She refused to allow herself thought time or reflection time. She wasn't going to make last night's mistake again. She just wasn't.

She dressed carefully, hair done, some makeup on, lipstick etc, and then she selected. She went for what Andy used to call her 'whore's outfit'. A bra that was half cut and had her breasts nestled but bare up front and on top, allowing her nipples to show. It had the effect of holding her breasts up and out and almost making a presentation of her nipples.

The panties were a black, string thong. A slim patch of cloth in the front and a string that went up into her ass crack in back. She found and put on her only pair of thigh high stockings, smokey gray to black. She had a pair of heels that she put on, with four inch lifts, which she had to practice walking on for a bit to get used to. Then she was ready.

She looked in the mirror and smiled. It was everything that she was hoping it would be. She walked to the door of the bedroom saying:

"Johnnie Stewart, here I come!"

She opened the door carefully and saw him working on the window frame. She didn't try to be coy or hide anything. This was a seduction, pure and simple.

He noticed her, of course, as soon as she entered the room. He gripped the ladder and just took in the sight. She smiled at him, as he stared, wide eyed. She picked up a card of some kind from the bureau and dropped it on the floor, and then, turning her back to him, to show him the string thong and her ass, she bent over from the waist to pick it up.

Then she walked to the window itself. She stood a few feet from the window, staring at him, as he was also staring at her.

"Hi, Johnnie Stewart!" she said.

"Oh shit!" was his only sound.

She smiled at him, turned on her heels and walked from the room, counting on him now to do the rest. She did as much as she felt she could. Even so, as soon as she left the bedroom, her courage, fine up until then, began to desert her.

By the time she got down stairs, and heard him coming through the door, she was trembling and unsure of herself again.

He entered the room, still amazed and staring.

She said quickly:

"Johnnie Stewart, if you say something funny, foolish or teasing right now, I'll throw you out of here and never, ever talk to you again."

"Funny? Foolish? Teasing?" he repeated after her. "You are a goddess, a fucking goddess, pardon my French! You present me with a view of beauty passing before my eyes, of perfection itself walking in the room just beyond the window where I'm working and you think that I might be flip or teasing?"

"Jennie, you are gorgeousness itself!"

They stood across the room for this heated exchange. She felt her courage return.

"Johnnie," she said, "Your ass was wonderful in those royal purple briefs, nylon briefs yesterday. Tell me what you're wearing today."

He smiled a smile at her and said: "Today it's actually pink! And I'm about to show you that real men do wear pink!"

"Pink!" she said, "Oh I love that! Pink! Real men!" she was almost babbling, especially since his tee shirt was already off. Then he bent, never taking his eyes off of her, to untie his work boots, and they were off.

Then he was all smiles and he was unbuttoning his shorts. He pushed them down and she sucked in her breath! She never had thought that pink could look so downright sexy on a man. His nylon briefs today were a pale pink. He was still staring at her and smiling. And now she noticed the bulge in his briefs.

"I caused that," she mused.

"You certainly did!" he said.

Then suddenly she was almost lost again but now, this time she knew what to do:

"Help me here, Johnnie, " she said, "I'm kind of afraid and nervous; it's new territory, help me please."

He was across the room immediately and holding her, pressing himself against her, only this time, his hands didn't stay on her back demurely, they slid downward burning a path to where the tiny black string was lodged between her magnificent ass cheeks.

"Ohhhhhhh!" she moaned, as he grasped her ass cheeks with his hands, one cheek in each hand.

"Jennie," he whispered to her, "This is everything, right now it's everything. Where?"

She knew exactly what he meant and said only the word:

"Bedroom."

She squealed with delight as he swept her off of her feet and carried her up the stairs.

"I want time," she said breathlessly, "Time to feel those pink ass cheeks! Time!"

"I'm not going anywhere, honey!" he said, "You've got all the time you need."

"Yes, Johnnie," she crooned, "All the time now, just all the time."

He deposited her on the bed and moved immediately to a position between her thighs.

"First this, Jennie, my love," he said to her. "First this!"

"What?" she asked, panic seeming to rise again.

But he said to her calmly:

"Jennie, lie back, enjoy this," and with a gleam in his eye that captured her soul, he went on:

"The Marines are on the job!"

"I guess they are..." she began but it ended in another of her sensual squeals, as he took the thong off of her, and kissed her pussy mound.

This was actually pretty much outside of her sexual experience. There simply hadn't been that much of this kind of 'oral sex'. She was neither prepared or in any way ready for how it felt to have his tongue pushing through her pubic hair and licking the length of her vaginal lips.

"Ohhhhhhh, Johnnie!" she said, "I'm not sure I've felt anything like..."

"Oh, Johnnie!"

Then he had his tongue inserted in her wetness and it was moving around and kind of seeking. When it hit the right spot, she positively shouted out, cried out, wailed her immediate joy.

Then he had the nub of her clitoris in his mouth and was making love to it. That was too much for Jennie. She was feeling things that no one had ever told her were possible or expected. She bit the back of her hand and made almost primal noises to accompany the orgasm that he gave her.

He looked up at her then. She said: "Kiss me please."

"Rinse my mouth," he said beginning to move.

"Don't you dare, Johnnie Stewart," she said, "I want every single part of this experience, every single part."

He just grinned and crawled up her body until he had her in his arms.

"What's next?" he asked.

"Next?" she said almost shocked by the concept. "I get choices? I get to do things now?"

"You sure do!" he said.

She smiled a kind of feral smile and said to him:

"I want to take these wonderful pink briefs away and see you naked, Johnnie Stewart. And if you can be vulgar, so can I! I want to suck your cock! I want it in my mouth. I want it leaking onto my tongue, and spurting down my throat."

He smiled: "They lady wants to be a cock sucker, so who am I to object?"

She moved and she was on him then, sweeping those lovely, marvelous pink nylon briefs away, and capturing his erection in her hand, holding it, stroking it a bit, looking at it, kissing it, loving it...

She gave him a moving smile as she sunk her head downward and opened her mouth wide to engulf him, clamping her lips around the head of his cock and licking from the slit down to the back of the hood, keeping her eyes on him all the while!

"Oh, yes," he swooned, and put a tentative hand down on the back of her head but she needed little or no encouragement. She pulled more and more of him into her mouth all the time and simply established a rhythm with her head, bobbing up and down.

"Ohhh, the woman's done this before!" he said mesmerized and sinking more and more into the feeling that her mouth was giving him.

She lifted her head from the spit covered cock and taking a deep breath, plunged her head downward again, getting a loud:

"Awwww!" from Johnnie, as this time, her lips collided with the muscles of his stomach.

"Awwww!" he said again, lifting his hips to meet her continued head movements and grabbing onto the bed spread as he began to cum in her mouth and down her throat. She proved amazingly adept at keeping his cum all in her mouth and, working at it for a moment or so, was able to slack off her movements, licking and cleaning as her mouth retracted itself from his softening cock.

"Kiss!' he sighed to her.

"Slimy mouth!' she said.

"That kind of excuse doesn't work here!" was his comeback and she moved her way up his body until she was lying fully on top of him and kissing him.

Without giving it a thought, after kissing him, she said:

"I love you, Johnnie Stewart!"

Then she was silent and said into his shoulder:

"Why in heaven's name did I say that!" She looked into his eyes, his smile at that point almost beatific and she said:

"Johnnie, I'm not trying to ruin anything with that declaration; please understand that; I'm just a plain spoken woman."

"Don't you be apologizing for saying the most wonderful thing that I've ever heard!" he said to her, kissing her.

"Now is it back to work for me or... ?" he asked.

"No, I want to be properly fucked!" she said, grinning down at him.

"The lady's got the body of a goddess, the soul of a poet, and the mouth of a truck driver!"

She bit his shoulder, causing him to give a kind of yelp, and they both ended up laughing. But then he moved her so that he was towering over her body. His cock was already stiff again and loomed largely between them.

"May I have that?" she asked softly.

"Coming, ma'am," he said, putting his knees between her thighs, which she gladly parted widely for him.

"Lovely and wet," he said, as he positioned his cock in place.

"That's because the Marines have been at work there," she said.

"They sure have!" he answered, and then pushed himself home.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, Johnnie!" she said in a rush of breath, as he settled himself within her, and began to make love to her.

It was drawn out this time, sweet, but growing in intensity. Jennie greeted every thrust with a moan, and the moans increasing in loudness as he pushed onward into their passion.

She became his totally in those moments. She flung her legs around his waist and her arms around his back, reaching for and grabbing his working ass cheeks.

"Mine!" she moaned with his rhythm. "Mine! Mine! Mine!" just before they finished and collapsed together.

He lay down, rolling to the side but pulling her to him to snuggle her to him. She began to cry. He let her.

"I'm sorry, Johnnie," she said quietly, "But that was so wonderful!"

"Hush, sweet woman," he said, kissing her forehead and holding her close.

After just a few minutes, he said to her: "I've got to go back to work; old lady Allen will bitch if she catches me larking about."

She looked up into his grinning face and said: "Johnnie, I'm a fair woman; so I just want to warn you that I'm going to bite you now, any place that I can get my teeth."

Then without another word, she bit him just below the right nipple, causing him to let out a bellow.

"Sorry, sorry, sorry!" he said laughing.

"Old lady Allen!" she said derisively.

"Let me get a wash cloth," she said.

"No," he insisted, "I want the smell of you on me, including the intimate smell of you. I'll shower later."

"With me?" she asked in a coy voice.

"If I'm invited!" he said.

"Old lady Allen is inviting you," was her response.

He laughed and kissed her, before he got up.

"Goody," she said from her prone position on the bed, "I get to watch."

He put on those pink nylon briefs, that were so sexy and turned around to show her his ass.

"Come here, kiss!" she said.

"No bite?" he asked, in a fearful voice.

"No bite!" she said and he moved to the bed with his ass toward her, the muscular cheeks of his ass encased in the surprising pink of the fabric.

She held onto his hips and kissed his ass. Then she said:

"Only a little bite!"

"Hey!" he yelled but then she nipped him right on the ass and giggled.

"Impossible lady!" he said to her, pulling his shorts on.

"Impossible lady in love," was her answer.

"You getting up?" he wanted to know.

"I rather think that I'm going to wait until you're back at work and I'm going to play with myself. I still have dirty thoughts."

"Hmm," he said, considering. "Enjoy yourself."

"I will," she said, "I'll be thinking of you and those pink ass cheeks with the little bite mark."

"Remember, ducks, that revenge can be terrible!"

"Eeek!" she said softly, as he left the room.

She heard him leave the house and then the clatter of the ladder as he went back to work. A thought flashed through her mind and she got up from the bed and went to the guest room.

He saw her enter the room immediately, grinning at her, as she walked across the room and lay down, naked on the bed. Then she began to play with herself.

"Awww shit, woman!" he sighed. "Awwww shit!"

"Like the view, Marine?" she asked, as her fingers snaked their way through her pubic hair and along her pussy lips, still wet from their love making.

She never took her eyes off of him, as she played with herself to an orgasm, a long languorous smile on her face all the while.

When she was finished, she got up from the bed, and opened the window where he was.

He was working on the upper part of the large bedroom windows, so that she could see him at about the waist.

"Hi, soldier!" she said.

"Some display, woman!" was his answer.

Then he let out an involuntary shout of:

"What are you doing?"

"Taking care of my boyfriend!" she said, as she continued to unzip his short, reaching out the window to do it.

"Am I your boyfriend?" he asked.

"Well, if you aren't," she answered, giving him her feral grin, "Then I'm going to take care of the house painter!"

"Do that, just do that!" he said.

"Hold on to the ladder tightly now," she said pleasantly, and reaching her head out the window took his cock in her mouth.

"I've created a monster!" he wailed.

"Not created but maybe unleashed!" was her answer.

"Get that cock in your mouth, woman!" he ordered.

"Yes, sir!" she said nicely applying her mouth to her task of sucking him off again.

When she was finished, she said to him, just before she put the window down:

"I'm going to go and see about lunch."

"I need a nap!" he said dolefully.

"Come on in and lie down," she said softly.

"See!" he barked at her, "You're just trying to get me into that bedroom again."

"Step into my parlor said the spider to the fly" was her reply.

"Jennie, you're going to make me fall off this ladder!" he said.

"I'm going now," she answered, "Lunch."

He worked for a good while, getting the window done and then she called from the kitchen that lunch was ready.

He went down the ladder and into the house, where she was waiting with lunch, dressed only in an apron.

"Better and better!" he said to her.

"This is eye candy," she said, "I'm not trying to keep you from doing your work."

"Well, you're a lovely sight," he said, as he finished his lunch.

He didn't come to work the next day. Jennie was crushed. He left her a phone note that he had an errand to run and it would take him all day, that he'd be back to work tomorrow.

She spent a miserable day, part of it crying, bewailing her own lack of control in telling him that she loved him and all. She moped about, actually wandered into the rooms where they'd made love and tried to relive the scenes but there was no life to it now. That night in bed not even her fingers could waken the lovely scenes for her.

She spent an almost sleepless night, letting Frank Sinatra sing to her for part of it, while she sat in the dark, drank some wine and talked a bit to her Andy.

She made a decision to apologize to him for the remark and try to set their closeness back on a physical need basis. She even practiced what she was going to say.

He was back bright and early. She had coffee and rolls for him. She was as nervous as a cat but grimly determined.

As soon as he came into the kitchen she was going to start. He looked at her face, a face of pain and insecurity and said to her:

"Jennie, what's wrong?"

"It's me," she said, "the other day, I know that I ruined everything with that 'I love you speech'; I apologize, Johnnie. I don't want this wonderful fling to end. I won't be the sobbing, clawing woman again. I won't ... can't take back what I said, since I meant it but I'm going to be what you want, what you need..."

Her voice faded, and a little tone from the back of her head said:

"See, look at his face, you ruined it!"

Then he spoke up:

"Well, I'm glad you said that, Jennie," he began, "I mean the part about not taking it back because I have this!"

He handed her a ring box and she collapsed onto a chair, no strength, no outward sense, only a welter of feelings.

She looked up at him, barely able to see him through her tear clouded eyes:

"For me!" she asked in a tiny voice just audible.

"Yes," he said, "I have a Marine buddy who's a jeweler; I had to go see him yesterday."

He hesitated and then said:

"Jennie, unless you object, I'm going to get down on one knee now!"

"Ohhhhhhh," she sighed, "Please, please do, Johnnie, my Johnnie!"

He did and then, clearing his throat, spoke:

"I know that this is maybe sudden, quick, Jennie, but I've known you for such a long time, lusted after you for most of that time and now want you for my own. Jennie Allen, please, say that you'll marry me!"

"Yessssssssssss!" she said in a whisper, and still she was crying and her nose was running now.

"Look at me, I'm a mess!" she said.

"Cute, definitely cute!" was his answer.

She threw her arms around him, and said, that feral grin returning:

"For a moment, when you said you were getting down on one knee, I thought you meant that you were going to eat me!"

He moved so quickly and with such force that all she had time for was a loud squealing: "JJJJJJOOOOOOHHHHHHNNNNNNIEEEEEEE!"

He had her shorts down and off, had her panties, grannies today, shredded, actually ripped off and her sitting on the table with his face between her legs in less that a minute or two.

She said loudly then, as though declaiming to the stars:

"That's my man eating me! That's my Johnnie eating my pussy! That's my Marine! And when he's done, I get to kneel, pull his pants down, and his sexy nylon briefs and suck his big Marine cock!"

He lifted his head then and said: "Woman, you're making a ruckus!"

"I'm in love," she wailed, "I get to make a ruckus, when my fiance eats me!"

"Got that right!' he said.

"Hey, get to work!" she ordered, and he laughed and plunged his face back in between her thighs.

And he did, he worked and she vented; he licked at her and she sang it to the heavens. Every now and then he'd stop and look at her in almost amazement but she was having a good time, the time of her life and ordered him to go back to what he was supposed to do.

It made her grin her special feral grin that he obeyed her and did what she wanted him to do. She was almost squealing, when she finally came, holding his head to her pussy and humping at his face with her hips.

He sat back then, and she was lying down on the table. She was overwhelmed, almost totally done in.

"Wow!" she drawled and just lay there.

Finally, he picked her up, still wearing the tattered remnants of her panties and carried her to the couch. He lay her down there.

"Get some rest," he said, "I know you said that you had a bad night. Just get some rest."

"But the blow job!' she complained in a very sleepy voice.

"Later!" he said, "Get some rest."

"Yes, master," she said, sleepily.

"More like it," he answered and he went out and went to work.

She didn't rest long. She got up from the couch and saw him working on the ladder but down close to the ground now, working on the lower windows. A plan formed in her mind. The more she thought of it, the more she liked it, and she finally decided to put it into action.

She stopped long enough to take off all the rest of her clothes. She took off her normal cross necklace and was wearing only his ring, the engagement ring that he gave her.

She had a rich grin on her face, as she quietly opened the door and went to where he was working.

He noticed her as she came around the side of the house, sauntering toward him, lovely in her total nakedness.

"You're out here naked!" he said with a laugh.

"No, not naked, I'm wearing my engagement ring," she said, flashing the ring. "And I've come for my blow job. So, just be quiet, Johnnie Stewart, for now you are a thing, a sex object."

She was under the ladder, which put her face to face with his shorts. He was looking down at her and grinning, as she unbuttoned his shorts and pulled them down. His richly colored underwear today was a pair of red nylon briefs, cut for a man but still lovely.

"Ohh, I like this," she said, pulling his briefs down to his knees, and allowing his cock to spring free.

"There's my pal!' she said, kissing the head of his prick, then engulfing the entire head with her mouth and beginning the slow process of sucking on it.

"Ohhhhhhh what a mouth on the lady!" he moaned. "I think that I'll keep her; keep her for that mouth."

She worked at his prick, and began to move her head more quickly with the cock firmly in her mouth and her lips tightened around the skin, jerking him off with her mouth.

Johnnie moaned more and more and finally began to cum in her mouth. Once again, Jennie worked to keep all the cum in her mouth. She kept his cock in her mouth until she was finished, he was finished and he was cleaned up.

But she had more in mind.

For, grinning up at him, she began to take his shoes off. When they were off, she pulled his shorts down and off, and then pulled his red nylon briefs down and off. She put his shorts back on, and, one after the other, his work boots. She laced them up and got them all right.

He was just watching her and laughing and grinning.

She took the nylon briefs and stepped into them herself, snugging them up around her hips.

"Mmmmm," she said, "Nice."

Looking up at him she said:

"Now Mr Smart Assed Marine, you ripped my panties and I'm taking yours and there's nothing you can do about it."

With that she began to walk away, swinging her hips and ass cheeks in an exaggerated fashion. She looked over her shoulder and stuck her tongue out at him. But then she screamed. He was already off the ladder and hit the ground at a dead run.

"Smart Assed Marine, is it?" he shouted.

She squealed in fright and ran. She saw at once that she wasn't going to make it to the door in time to get inside and lock the door. She opted, rather foolishly, for a sprint into the back yard toward the woods in back.

The house was set on its own, and surrounded by its own property, so Jennie had space to run in. She just didn't have time.

"Wonderful!" he cried as he approached, and she shrieked again seeing him nearing.

"Running after a fucking beautiful, almost naked, skivvies snatching bitch, who is going to feel the wrath of the United States Marie Corps right about NOW!"

As he said the "NOW" he grabbed her by the waist band of his own briefs, and pulled her backward to him. She shrieked with the total joy of it.

He twirled her around and scooped her up, pulling the underwear down and off of her and flung them aside into the grass. She was naked now.

"That's the way I want you, lady, just you, naked except for the ring that I gave to make you mine and you took to declare you want to be mine."

He was standing over her and she had her arms raised in the air saying:

"Sorry, sorry, Marine! Never do it again!"

"Never?" he asked, pulling off his tee shirt.

"Never!" she said, and hesitated, as his shoes, socks and shorts went next.

Then she whispered, but so that he could hear her:

"Maybe tomorrow!"

"What!" he yelled and sank down on to his knees.

"Eeeeeeek!" she squealed as he grabbed her and she said, panting from the expended energy:

"Johnnie Stewart, do something to me; just do something to me!"

"I'm going to hold on to you," he said earnestly, "Until there is no more time and space and we're going to go into infinity together."

"Oh, yes, my love, my darling, my life!" she said, still breathing hard.

"But first, right here in your back yard, I'm going to fuck you!" he said next, kissing her and drawing all of her into the kiss.

"Yes, my Marine!" she said then. "You ran after me; you caught me; I'm yours to do with as you wish. Right here in our backyard."

"This is what I wish!" he said, as he sunk down to her, on top of her at first, and began to make love to her. She was wet, and ready for him. She greeted his coming into her with open arms.

"Good heavens, Johnnie Stewart, I love you so!" she sighed, as he continued his love making.

"Move now," he said and got her into a new position, so that she was on her hands and knees, and he was making love to her from behind.

"Marvelous," she said, pushing her hips back at him to meet his thrusts.

He loved her slowly, with her making constant noises to accompany his thrusts into her. Then he changed positions again. He put her ankles over his shoulders and entered her deeply from that position.

"Awwwwwwwww!" she moaned as he penetrated her in that position.

"This is my claim!" he said through clenched teeth. "This claim makes you mine!"

"Yours," she sighed as he plunged into her so deeply.

Then he moved again.

All she had time to say was a loud: "Ohhhhhhhhhh!"

But he ended now lying on the grass with her sitting down on his raised erection.

"Oh, I like this, Johnnie, my Johnnie!" she said, as she began to slowly bounce up and down on his erection, clenching her thigh muscles and vaginal muscles to stimulate him and bring him along.

They came in a little bit after that, and this was a mating, a kind of coming together that really served to make them the one new being that they were longing to be.
EPILOGUE: They married shortly after that. But that very evening after the ladder blow job and race to the back yard, they went out together for dinner again. Jennie wore another of what Andy used to call her 'whore's dresses'. And, yes, they saw Sheila Lotz again.

Sheila couldn't resist another comment about Jennie being out with the 'help' again. But Jennie held her hand up in the air and showed Sheila the ring.

"Oh, my!" Sheila said, "You two are going to marry?"

"We sure are!" Johnnie said. Then he grinned and said:

"Sheila, doesn't she look lovely in that dress?"

"Well, yes, yes, she does," Sheila admitted.

"You should see her without the dress!" Johnnie said then and Sheila snorted and Jennie laughed. But as she was walking away, Sheila turned, winked at Jennie and said:

"Invite me to the wedding."

"Done!" Jennie said.

The news locally was greeted with some surprise but also with a great deal of pleasure.

The house, the old house, became their passion and they spent a good deal of time putting it back into original shape. Johnnie proved to be very, very talented.

He also branched out his business and ended with a construction company that specialized in restorations. Jennie handled the business books and ran the office.

After a year and a half, they had a little boy. They named him Andrew.

Of course, they decided, he'd be a doctor!