Paradise Island Ch. 01
byasitsn©

Tom's day started badly and just kept getting worse.

Early in the morning, he had been woken up by the phone. It was his sister Jill. He had been surprised to hear from her. She had dropped out of sight soon after her wedding to Jamie Fontana. She called up their parents infrequently but this was the first time that she had ever called him.

"Hi, Jill", he said, "This is a surprise!"

"I know", Jill replied, "I need a huge favour. I can't speak for long, so I'll come straight to the point. Jamie's dead."

Tom was shocked.

"I am sorry", he said gruffly.

"Jamie's been dead for over a month now and I am slowly getting used to it. But I need your help, Tom. Can you come over here for six months or so?"

"Six months!", Tom was flabbergasted, "What about my job?"

"Tom, Don't say anything now. I'll call you again tomorrow. Think about it and let me know what you've decided. I really do need your help."

Tom put the phone down and started thinking about his sister. Jill had always been a cheerful, no-nonsense girl and if she said she needed help, she really must do. But he couldn't just put his life on hold for six months. He would have to say no when she called, he decided.

When he reached the office a few hours later, everybody was called into a conference room. They were told that their boutique law practise had been merged with a big national firm. Layoffs were expected and would be announced shortly.

Tom had put his heart and soul into his work for the last few years and had been expecting to be made partner in six months and this news was a blow. Even if he wasn't laid off, there was no way he'd made a partner now. He tried to call Jane, his girl friend to tell her the news but she seemed to be in some meeting or the other and he couldn't get hold of her.

After the announcement, work was a washout. He came home early and was about to call Jane when he noticed the message light flashing on his answering machine. He couldn't believe it when he heard the message. She had dumped him! No wonder she hadn't been taking his calls. Things had sort of fizzled out between them - mainly because they were both very busy with their careers - but to be dumped so unceremoniously made him angry.

"The bitch didn't even have the guts to tell me face to face", he thought savagely.

The next morning, his sister called.

"What did you decide, Tom?", Jill asked.

Tom was about to say that he couldn't possibly get away for six months, when he caught himself. What did he really have here? His job, into which he had put so much effort had been pulled out from under him. His girl friend had just dumped him. He had been a good lawyer and he had been paid well, so he had a fair amount of savings and money wasn't an issue.

"OK, sis", he said, "Count me in. But I don't even know where you live!"

"Thanks so much, Tom", Jill replied her relief evident in her voice.

The big surprise was Jill's address. She didn't live in the country at all. She lived on Paradise Island, a tropical island , several thousand miles from the nearest big landmass. It was Jamie's birth place. Apparently, the island had been populated in the mid nineteenth century by a bunch of mutineers. They had managed to capture slave girls from other islands and passing slavers and the population now stood at several thousand. Little was known of the island. It was an independent country and had its own laws. Tourism was not allowed. The island was quite fertile and was surrounded by rich fishing grounds. The only contact with the outside world was a once-a-month boat which went to a bigger island a few hundred miles out, sold fish and took back any essentials that the islanders needed that weren't available on the island.

Tom reached Paradise Island after a forty eight hour journey by flight and boat and was completely bushed by the time he stepped off the boat. As he stepped off the boat, a pretty woman came up to him and asked, "Master Tom?"

"Yes", he replied.

The woman was beautiful, about five and a half feet in height. She had an oval face with full lips. She couldn't have been more than nineteen or twenty. She was wearing a simple white cotton dress which came to just above her knees. The dress was all white except just above the girl's right breast where there was a pattern of an eagle with its wings outstretched. Her breasts stood proudly under her dress and her calves and ankles were very shapely.

"Missus Jill sent me", she said in a lilting voice, "Please follow me".

"What about my luggage?", Tom asked.

The girl shrugged and her breasts moved enticingly. Tom realised that she was not wearing a bra. In spite of his tiredness, he felt himself hardening. "The boat man will send it on", she said.

It felt good to be walking again after two days on cramped planes and boats. Tom noticed that one of his shoe laces was undone. When he started walking again after tying it up, he noticed that the girl had moved on ahead. The setting sun was streaming through her dress rendering her practically naked. She had wonderful legs, Tom decided. A gust of wind moulded the thin cotton dress to her back and Tom could see her lovely ass. Tom wondered how it would feel to grip her ass in his hands and give them a light squeeze. With such lustful thoughts in his head, he joined her and asked, "What's your name?"

"Serafina, Sir", she replied.

"Tom", he said, extending his hand.

"Master Tom", she said, looking downwards and took his hand. Her hand felt warm in Tom's hands. She made no move to take her hand away and Tom was in no hurry to let go of her, either. Hand in hand, they started walking again. This could be an interesting six months, thought Tom.

Tom soon saw a series of buildings ahead of him and Serafina led him there. Soon they saw other people coming towards them and Tom let go of Serafina's hand, cursing himself for being so tongue tied and not having the guts to make a pass at the girl.

His sister was waiting for them outside the biggest of the buildings. As soon as she saw him, she ran towards him and hugged him tightly. He could feel her heavy breasts against his chest and felt a stirring in his loins again. "Christ! I better control myself.", thought Tom, "This is my own sister!"

Jill let go of him and said, "Tom, you look tired. Go to bed now and we'll talk tomorrow."

She turned to Serafina and said, "Please take Master Tom to his bungalow and make sure he is comfortable".

Serafina led Tom away to a bungalow away from the main building. It was well designed and seemed to merge into the surrounding gardens. Serafina showed him to his room and turned the bed down. She turned to him and said, "If you need anything at any time, please call me."

Tom wondered what she would say if he said he wanted to fuck her. He was really tired and fell into deep sleep very quickly.

The next morning, the birds were chirping outside his room and he could hear a stream gurgling gently. Tom woke up and wondered for a moment where he was before remembering that he was on Paradise Island.

There was an en-suite toilet and after performing his ablutions, he looked around for a shower or bath but couldn't find one. He walked into the garden from the bedroom wondering if he would have to use the stream for a bath. Serafina walked up to him and wished him a good morning.

"Morning!", he replied.

"Are you ready for a bath, Sir?", she asked.

"Yes", he replied, "I was wondering where I could take a bath"

"In the bath house, of course", she laughed.

Tom again had naughty thoughts as she walked in front of him, leading the way to the the bath house. The bath house was a cottage in the middle of trees and ferns by the side of the stream. There was another girl waiting for them there.

"Hello, Sir", she said bowing, "I am Firni".

She too was dressed in a simple white cotton dress with the same eagle motif above her right breast. She too had a lovely body and appeared to be the same age as Serafina. They all went into the bath house and Firni and Serafina started to take Tom's clothes off. Tom was startled.

"What are you doing?", he asked, almost jumping.

"Helping you take a bath, Sir", said Serafina. He didn't know the local customs but looking at the two beautiful women, Tom knew this would be interesting.

They stripped him off all his clothes and Tom was now embarassed. He had an almighty erection and he could feel his face growing red.

"I am sorry", he said, trying to cover his cock with his hand.

"There's no need to be sorry, Sir", said Serafina, "You've got a wonderful cock"

Tom's erection gave a twitch when he heard that. Firni turned away from them and bent at the waist to pick up towels from a basket on the floor. Tom looked at her ass sticking out so deliciously and his erection stood up even more! Serafina started leading him to the next room from where he could see steam coming out. As he walked behind Serafina, he touched her bottom lightly, holding his breath. She didn't object, but just slowed down so he could touch her more comfortably. Tom suddenly felt bolder and started caressing her ass more firmly. Serafina turned and hugged him. Tom bent his head to hers and started kissing her lips. He opened his mouth and used his tongue to touch her lips. She opened them immediately and her tongue started playing with his. Tom started lifting her dress over her legs and hips and finally his hands held her lovely ass without any clothes on them. He squeezed her and pushed her tighter against him. He could feel his cock against her stomach.

He raised his right hand and slowly dragged it across her side to her boobs. He took one of her boobs in his hand and squeezed it gently. He could feel her hard nipple against his palm. He pinched her nipple gently and Serafina let out a moan. Tom kissed her again deeply. He then let go of her to take off her dress and suddenly remembered that there was another girl in the room. He looked around guiltily and saw that Firni was already nude. She had atleast C-cup breasts. The pale skin of her breasts was topped by darker aureoles and she had small nipples. She had a narrow waist and had a fully shaven pussy. She was taller than Serafina and had lovely long legs. She came up to him and stood in front of him with her eyes demurely downcast.

Tom studied her for a few seconds - taking in her lovely body - before putting his hands on her waist just above her hips. He pulled her close and she came to him willingly and they started kissing each other passionately. One of Tom's hands was on her bottom and the other was fondling her boobs. Her hands were round his neck pulling him deeper into the kiss.

When he came up for air, he found that Serafina had taken off her dress and he pulled her close. He stood her up against the wall and putting his hands on her bottom, he raised her to his waist level and with one steady push, he thrust his cock into her wet pussy. Serafina bit her lower lip and gripped his shoulders tighter and started moaning. Tom was in heaven. Serafina's warm and wet cunt was tightly wrapped round his cock. He started pushing in and out of her, grunting with each stroke. His strokes got faster and faster and Serafina suddenly gave a scream and started coming. Her wetness just increased the slickness of her cunt and let Tom fuck her even faster.

He suddenly felt a warm hand caress his balls and felt Firni lick his right ear and blow into it gently. That tipped him over the edge and he started coming. He came for almost a minute, pumping Serafina's cunt with his jism and at the end she gently slid down to the ground from his heaving hands.

"Wow!", he said when he finally got his voice back.

"Wow!", agreed Serafina. "You were very good, master!"

They all went into the other room and he saw a big round barrel filled with hot water. There was a seat half way up on the inside of the barrel, so people could sit. There were wooden steps to get into the barrel. He got in and sat down on the seat in the hot water feeling that everything was all right with the world.

Serafina and Firni joined him in the barrel and scrubbed him all over and then asked him to stand up. When he stood up, his cock and balls were above the water and Firni immediately took his cock in her mouth. She first kissed the top of his cock and slowly sucked him deeper and deeper. Finally, she took almost all of him in her mouth before she started sliding up his cock again. When she reached the tip, she let go of his cock and started licking his balls. Tom gasped with delight and then she took his left ball in her mouth. Tom groaned and put his right hand out on the back of her head to keep her there. He looked at Serafina and she stood up and started french kissing him. He put his left hand on her boobs and started playing with them - alternately squeezing one of them and pinching the nipple before moving to the next one.

Firni took his cock in her mouth again and he was now hard again. Firni stood up and turned her back to him and bent down gripping the edge of the barrel with both her hands and exposing her ass invitingly at him. Tom left Serafina and putting both his hand on her hips, he pushed his cock in her cunt from behind. Firni gasped with delight when he started pumping her. While he was fucking Firni, he turned his head and drew Serafina's head closer to his and started kissing her. He left one hand on Firni's waist and kept up a steady rhythm in her cunt and played with Serafina's tits with his other hand while kissing her. Serafina's hands weren't idle either. She rubbed them on his chest, down to where he was joined with Firni and then playing with his balls. Tom reached out and started fondling Firni's boobs from underneath her. Firni was now moaning with desire and her hips were thrusting back at Tom until the root of his cock was slapping against her hips. He pinched Firni's nipple hard and she came with a cry. This was Tom's second fuck of the morning, however and he kept going.

As he came closer to his own climax, he ignored Serafina and again taking Firni's waist in his hands, he started fucking her vigorously.

"Come on! Come on bitch!", he grunted thrusting hard into Firni's cunt. "I am coming, Iam coming", he said spilling his seed into her.

They all sat down in the water after their exertions and Serafina and Firni cleaned him up again. He started fondling their tits again, but Serafina laughed and said, "I am sorry, master, but Missus Jill is waiting for you at breakfast!"

He laughed too and the girls finished his bath, dressed him in his clothes - his luggage having arrived in the night - and took him down to breakfast with his sister who would explain all this to him.

Paradise Island Ch. 02
byasitsn©

Tom felt on top of the world as he came in for his breakfast with his sister Jill. Less than a week ago, his hopes of becoming a partner in his law firm had come crashing down and then his girlfriend had dumped him. His sister Jill had been widowed recently and asked him to come over to Paradise Island to help her. He did not know what the trouble was, but he was very glad he had come over!

The island seemed to be populated by nubile women wearing simple cotton dresses which came to mid thigh and nothing else. They were also were very willing and called him Master. He had just fucked two of them while they were helping him take his bath. The thought of his first threesome made his cock twitch. Serafina, one of the two girls, was walking next to him, showing him the way and he put an arm round her waist. Serafina slowed down and snuggled into him. He looked down at her and saw her turn her face up to him. He bent his head and kissed her lips gently. He slipped his tongue into her mouth and was delighted when her tongue came up to meet his in a passionate duel.

He let go of her when they reached the small cottage where his sister was waiting for him. He saw that she had seen him kissing Serafina and he went red in the face. Jill was wearing a long silk dress which hugged her curves intimately.

"Enjoying yourself, Tom?" she asked.

"Yes, Serafina has been taking very good care of me!" he replied, laughing.

"I can see that!" she laughed. A curtain parted and in walked the most beautiful woman Tom had ever seen. She was tall and willowy and as she walked towards him, Tom was mesmerized by the elegant sway of her hips. She had dark hair which cascaded to half way down her back. The hair framed an oval face. Her eyes were limpid golden pools and she had lovely kissable lips.

Like Jill and unlike the other girls, she too was wearing a long silk dress which came to her ankles. The dress fell from her full breasts and outlined her hips and luscious thighs. Like everybody else, she too was not wearing any undergarments and he could see her nipples poking out beneath the silk. As she moved, he could even make out the vee below her navel where her thighs joined.

Jill introduced them, "Tom, this is Macy Fontana, Jimmy's sister; Macy, Tom"

Macy walked over to him and gave him a curtsey. Tom leaned forward and gave her a light peck on the cheek. She smelt of jasmine.

"I'm sorry to hear about your brother," Tom said sympathetically.

Macy's eyes suddenly filled with tears and she abruptly turned away and sat down at the table. Tom didn't know what to say. Jill sat down as well and asked Tom to join them.

"I'm sorry," said Macy. Tom was astounded. "Don't be sorry. You have a right to shed tears over your brother!" he cried.

Before anybody could say anything more, they heard a noise outside the cottage. A large man came striding heavily into the room. Two of the girls immediately barred his way but he just flung them aside and came to where Tom was sitting.

"You!" he almost spat, "Don't think you can just come onto my island and steal my property."

Tom didn't know what the man was talking about and looked bewildered. Jill quietly interposed, "Tom, this is Serbius Margoulis."

"Mr. Margoulis," said Tom, extending his hand.

"Bah!" shot back Serbius, "You will not enjoy this for very long." He suddenly seemed to notice what Jill and Macy were wearing and his face turned red with fury. "You sluts! He's not going to be your master. I'll be your master and you'll grovel before me."

He then turned on his heel and went back out of the cottage. They could hear his steps growing fainter as he left the garden.

They were all stunned at the interruption and nobody spoke for a couple of minutes. Meanwhile, a couple of girls came with papaya and melon slices and served them. Tom suddenly felt ravenous after the morning's exertions and started eating the fruit.

Tom asked, "He seemed to get angrier when he saw what you were wearing. Why?"

"We are wearing the Assumption dress which is worn by the family women when a new master takes over." said Jill and both of them stood up and came round the table so Tom could have a better look at them.

He stared at their lovely bodies outlined in the soft silk - from the shape of their breasts with the nipples clearly visible, to their flat stomachs, down to their pussies, clearly outlined against the tight silk dresses. They both must be clean shaven down there, he thought.

They both turned round and he could see the silk stretching against their asses. He could see the muscles in their haunches moving under the silk. It was incredibly erotic - more than if they were fully naked.

Tom found himself growing horny at their show. He shifted in his chair and adjusted his cock so it was lying against his stomach and he was more comfortable.

Jill and Macy walked back to their seats and Tom asked, "What is the significance of the dress?"

This time, Macy answered, "The dress signifies that the women totally accept the assumption of the new Master. They have nothing to hide from him and wish to show that they are ready to do anything for the Master's pleasure."

Her voice was soft and Tom found that it was just as beautiful as her lovely body.

"How long do you have to wear these dresses?" he asked.

"As long as you wish" Macy replied.

"How come the other girls are not wearing these dresses?" he asked.

"The Assumption dress is only for the family women. The house women always wear the Tiga - the white dress with the family motif."

Tom ran out of questions and resumed eating his breakfast.

"How long can you stay Tom?" asked Jill.

Tom did not answer directly. "What have you got into?" he asked her instead.

Jill said, "Macy and I need you. We think Serbius was the one who got Jimmy killed, but we have no proof."

"A serpent in Eden," murmured Tom, shocked.

"There are advantages to staying here Tom" said Jill, "You will be the master of this estate and everything and everybody here will be yours."

"Everybody will be mine?" asked Tom, uncomprehendingly.

"Yes, Tom. You'll be the master of every person on this estate. All the girls here are yours to do whatever you want, whenever you want and that includes us," Jill replied pointing at herself and Macy.

Tom looked shocked and Jill laughed gently and said, "Do you remember when we were teenagers, you jumped on me once when I was coming out of the bathroom after a shower and I screamed."

Tom looked guiltily at Macy and laughed ruefully, "Yes, and mom came running up. Lucky for me you said that you screamed because you saw a spider, otherwise I'd have been dead!"

"Tom, you'll be the master of this house and even if I screamed, Mom and Dad aren't around," said Jill softly.

Jill's words made Tom's cock twitch. He had spent his teenage years lusting after his sister's luscious body and the thought that he could now do whatever he wanted with her was just too overwhelming.

Tom looked at the two lovely women in front of him with new eyes. He saw how both their dresses looked as if they had been painted on. He could make out their breasts straining against the soft silk. He looked around the room and saw six girls in their simple cotton shifts. He was really horny now!

"So, Incest isn't taboo here?" he asked.

"It is, except for the masters of the five families. They have complete authority over every one in their family, including their own sisters or mothers, if they wish." said Macy.

Tom nodded thoughtfully. He had a lot to think about. Whatever Jill and Macy said, he couldn't believe that the authorities of the island would just accept him as the master of a vast estate. But, he could have a lot of fun until they threw him out!

He had finished his fruit and one of the girls came to him and offered him a selection of more fruit. As she bent low in front of him, the front of her dress fell forward and he could see her large breasts all the way to her nipples. All the talk about being the master of the house had emboldened him and he took one of her breasts in his hand. The girl didn't mind at all. She just stayed bent forward while he stroked her breast. He looked at Jill and Macy and they didn't seem to mind either. They looked at him with a smile and carried on eating.

He let go of the girl's breast and she turned round to offer the fruit to Jill and Macy. When she bent to offer them the fruit, her ass stuck out provocatively in front of Tom. Her short dress was pulled up to just below her bum. He could see all the way up her legs to just below her pussy. Tom decided to see how far Jill and Macy would let him go in front of them. He casually rubbed his right hand up the serving girl's legs starting with her knees, up her dusky thighs and under her dress to her bum. The girl just stood there letting him explore her body. Jill and Macy just smiled at him encouragingly.

Tom flipped the girl's dress over her waist and she was now completely exposed to him. He saw her pussy framed between her thighs and her ass in front of him. He rubbed his fingers up her pussy. It felt soft. He spanked her smartly on her ass. The woman just stood there, bent over, in front of him letting him take whatever liberties he wanted with her body. After a few minutes, Tom told the young woman that she could go.

They finished their breakfast and stood up. Tom had another good look at their sensuous bodies in body-hugging silk. The sight made him really horny, but he still couldn't get himself to take any liberties with them. The servant girls were a different matter!

Jill said, "Tom, I want to talk to you alone. Is it OK if I send Macy and the other girls away?"

Tom nodded and soon Jill and he were alone. She came forward and hugged him tightly. His hands automatically tightened round her and he could feel his erect cock poking into her stomach. He could feel her boobs crushed against his chest. She whispered, "I am serious, Tom. I am yours to do anything you want."

Tom's hands slipped down until they were over her ass. Each of his palms covered one ass cheek and he squeezed them both and pushed her pussy tighter against his cock. They stayed like this for some time and then Tom said, "Sis, I know you want me to be the master of this estate, but there's no way the authorities will let me take over."

"What do you think of Macy?" asked Jill.

"What?" asked Tom, flummoxed by the apparent change of topic.

"Do you like her?" asked Jill.

"Of course, I do! I think she's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, " he said, before quickly adding, "barring you, of course!"

"You can be honest with me, Tom! I want you to marry Macy." said Jill.

"Marry!" spluttered Tom, "There's no way she'd marry me."

"She likes you Tom," said Jill. "The succession of an estate like this will be decided by the council of five. Obviously this house doesn't have a master, so there are four votes. Serbius's father and brother head two of the houses and have two votes. If Serbius wins this house, his family will control three of the five votes and can do whatever they want. That's why the other two houses will definitely vote for you. In case of a tie, the direct blood line of the house has a vote and that's Macy."

"But, she knows I've fucked Serafina and Firni. I was playing with the other girl at breakfast. She must hate me now!" said Tom.

Jill laughed, "You are not getting out so easily, Tom. Macy is a Paradisian. She knows it is your right to fuck any girl on this estate. Once you are married, she'll make sure there are always beautiful women working around the house, so you are happy!"

They were still hugging each other tightly and they looked deeply into each others eyes. Before either realised anything, they were kissing each other passionately. Jill's mouth opened to let in her brother's tongue. Tom fondled and squeezed his sister's ass. Jill started unbuttoning Tom's trousers and pulled them down. Her hands felt warm on his cock and Tom gasped with delight when she started stroking his cock. He lay her down on the floor and pulled up her flimsy silk dress. His cock was pointing straight out and he directed it towards her soft centre. They both moaned when the head of his cock found her wet pussy and slipped in. Tom pushed and slid all the way into her cunt and Jill raised her legs and wrapped them round his hips, driving him deeper.

Tom started fucking Jill at a fast pace, driving his cock in and out of her cunt. "Sis, This is great!" he gasped, "All those years I wondered what it'd be like to fuck you and now I really am in your cunt."

"Oh, this is great," he moaned when he felt her cunt muscles tighten round his cock in a spasm. He supported himself on one arm and used the other to squeeze her breasts while keeping up his rhythm.

Jill moaned when she felt his hand on her boobs and she gave a scream and came shudderingly when Tom pinched one of her nipples and drove particularly hard into her cunt.

"Aaaah, Tom, fuck me harder, fuck your sister harder, fuck, fuck, fuck"

Tom could feel her coming and her cunt became even warmer and wetter than it had been. Finally, Jill stopped coming and her body relaxed a bit. Tom raised his chest up from Jill's body so he could see his cock inside Jill's cunt. The sight of her hairless pussy impaled on his rigid cock was tremendously exciting. He could see the folds of her cunt lips and her clit was an erect pink nub. He rubbed the ball of his thumb along her clit and Jill shuddered with delight. "Aaah, That's good Tom, keep doing that," she moaned.

Tom rubbed her pussy and clit until Jill went screaming into another orgasm. He then raised his sister's legs high in front of him and put them round his shoulders. Tom could now feel his cock go deep into her tight cunt. He grunted with delight and started driving hard. Soon, he couldn't hold back any longer and came, pumping copious amounts of come into Jill's cunt.

Tom's cock slowly softened and he rolled off his sister.

"Wow! My little brother is all grown up," breathed Jill.

"You are not bad yourself!" agreed Tom.

They lay down next to each other on the floor, relaxing after their recent exertions.

"So, Tom, do you want to stay on here as master of the estate?" she asked.

"How could I refuse a woman after such a great fuck!" laughed Tom.

Jill pretended to cuff him and Tom grabbed her hands. They mock-wrestled each other rolling on the floor until Tom sat on Jill holding both her hands over her head and asked, "Do you give up?"

"Yes, Master," his sister replied.

They both got off the floor and put on their clothes. Jill's Assumption dress was torn in places and showing off her body tantalisingly. She looked down at her body and laughed, "I'd better change."

"Take Macy and explore the estate. Find out what you'll be the master of. And remember, any woman you see, you can fuck!"

Paradise Island Ch. 03
byasitsn©

I've received a lot of feedback on the previous two chapters - Thanks to every body who responded. Writing is a lonely art and feedback makes it much easier to carry on. This chapter took a while to write because I was busy with other things. Hope you enjoy it. Please vote..

------------------------------

Tom was tired. His day had started with a threesome (his first) while taking a bath and then, after breakfast, he had fucked his sister Jill. The incredible thing was that until the day before he had been your average Joe - earning good money as a lawyer and reasonably good looking but not a superstud by any means. All that had changed when his sister asked him to help her out on Paradise Island after she was widowed.

He had come ashore on Paradise Island expecting to stay six months and now his sister was asking him to stay here forever. She had practically thrown herself at him (not that he'd resisted very much) and had even asked him to marry Macy, her sister-in-law. Macy was the most beautiful woman Tom had ever seen. Dark glossy hair tumbling to her shoulders, lovely lips, long neck, a lilting voice and a body to die for.

Both Jill and Macy had worn the dress of Assumption for breakfast - a slinky silk sheath of a dress that left very little to the imagination. It was meant to show that they accepted Tom as their master. Tom didn't think that the authorities on the island would let him take over one of their biggest estates - practically a fifth of the island. However, Jill and Macy thought that Tom could get the support of two of the houses in the council of five and thus become master of the Fontana house. Not only would that give him the land, it would also make him master of all the people living on the estate and every woman on the estate would be his for the taking.

A few hours of gentle strolling round the gardens revived him and he came back to the big house for lunch. Serafina was waiting for him. She smiled happily when she saw him and ran into his arms when he extended them. Tom hugged her and dropped his hands to her ass and squeezed her bottom. Her pussy ground into his crotch and he could feel the beginnings of an erection. He grinned and kissed her on her upturned mouth. One of his hands left her ass and went up her body and started fondling her tits. After a couple of minutes of this, they separated and Serafina said, "Master, Mistresses Jill and Macy are waiting for you."

"Lead on!" said Tom gaily.

They went to another lovely cottage where lunch was laid out. The cottage was on a bluff and they could see the blue sea in the distance. All round the cottage were lovely gardens with tropical flowering plants interspersed with palms and banana plants. There was a cool breeze blowing through the open sides of the cottage. Two colourful parakeets went flying through the cottage. It truly was a paradise.

Jill was wearing a fresh Assumption dress - her morning one had been torn in their passion. Tom could see the shape of her big breasts under the dress. He had been playing with those boobs just a few hours ago! The dress hugged her body and he could even see it tightly stretch across her pussy and strain across her hips.

Macy was however wearing tight shorts and a top like a man's shirt with the bottom knotted just below her breasts so that her midriff was bare. She was wearing a bra - though still showing a lot of cleavage through the two open buttons on the shirt.

Jill came up to him and hugged him. Tom kissed her on the lips and couldn't resist feeling her bottom through her silky dress. Macy came up to him and said, "Please forgive me for not wearing the Assumption dress, Master. Jill asked me to take you out for a ride through the estate after lunch, so I took the liberty of wearing these clothes."

Tom looked at her more closely. Her hair was piled high on her head and made her look even taller than she was. Her brown eyes looked back at him for a second before dropping. Her fair cheeks turned a rosy red as she blushed under his scrutiny. He wanted to kiss her neck. He could make out the deep valley between her breasts and the shirt ended to show off her flat stomach and shapely waist that flared to her lovely ass. The shorts finished with her bottom, showing off her seemingly endless legs. Tom could not tear his eyes off her beauty.

His throat was so dry that he had to clear it before he could reply, "I am not your master, Jill. You can wear anything you like. These clothes complement you very well!"

They all sat down and had a light chicken salad for lunch. As usual, food was served by young women wearing short white cotton dresses. Tom was allowed to take any liberty he wished with these girls and he did. He would casually put his hand on a girl's ass when she came to serve them or he moved his hand to press his upper arm against another girl's boobs. Lunch was finally finished and they all sat back to enjoy the breeze and the view. Jill raised one of her fingers and made a sign to one of the girls. Immediately, Serafina came behind Tom's chair and started massaging his shoulders. Tom stretched his neck back and felt his head cushioned by her soft tits. He left his head against her boobs and closed his eyes, enjoying her light fingers massaging his shoulders.

"The council meeting has been set for the day after tomorrow," said Jill.

"Tell me about the council," said Tom. He thought that he should treat it like a jury selection - except that the jury was already selected and he was the defendant!

"The houses of Margoulis and Nimbra are headed by Bijan and Silvio Margoulis. Bijan is Serbius's father and Silvio is Serbius's brother," replied Jill, referring to Serbius, the big man who had broken in on their breakfast and warned Tom against taking over the Fontana esate. Jill and Macy thought Serbius was behind Jamie's killing but had no proof.

Jill continued, "Prash is the master of the Nego household and Lukid Menor runs the Menor house, the biggest estate of all. Serbius is Jamie and Macy's oldest first cousin and he has the best claim to run this house. However, Prash and Lukid hate him and think that the Margoulis father and sons should not run three houses. However, Lukid is a very conservative man and does not like foreigners coming to the island, let alone run one of the houses. The only way he will agree to you becoming the master of the house is if you marry Macy."

Tom opened his eyes and looked at Macy. He could not believe that a beauty like Macy would agree to marry him. "What do you think, Macy?" he asked.

"Jill is right. The only way Lukid will agree to this is if you become a Paradisian. If you don't want to marry me, we can get engaged and ask for you to be made the acting head until we get married. We can set the marriage for three or four months from now. That'll give us some time to come up with some other plan." Macy replied and paused before blurting out, "I hate Serbius. I'd rather kill myself than let him be my master."

Tom was taken aback by her passion. "Don't worry, Macy. We don't have to get married just so you can escape Serbius. Let's go with your idea and buy ourselves some time by getting engaged."

"Good, that's settled." said Jill. "Let's announce the engagement at the council meeting."

"I don't think that's a good idea," said Tom. "It'll be better if one of the heads of the houses announces it. Who do you think would do it?"

"Lukid's my uncle. He loves me and I can make him announce the engagement," mused Macy. "Let's go and visit him now."

"No," said Tom, "Let's make this formal. Send somebody to say we'll visit him tomorrow."

Macy looked surprised. "That's a good idea! My uncle likes formality. We'll have to take gifts for him and his son."

Tom turned to Macy and taking her hand in his, said, "Macy, will you marry me?"

Jill's eyes moistened as she said softly, "Yes, Tom"

Tom and Macy stood up and came into each other's arms. Her body felt just perfect in his arms. Tom gently brushed his his lips against Macy's. He felt a strong emotion well up in his heart. He knew he could not leave her to become Serbius's plaything. He would do everything in his power to keep her safe.

An hour later, Tom and Macy went to the stables where two saddled horses were waiting for them. They set off slowly through the Fontana estate with Macy showing the local sights. Soon, Tom heard a roaring noise and looked quizzically at Macy. Macy just shook her head and led him round a bend in the path. There, before them was one of the most impressive sights that Tom had ever seen. It was a massive waterfall. The white water foamed up as it went over and Tom could see the river continuing several hundred feet below him.

"Wow!" he said, shouting to be heard over the water's noise.

"Great, isn't it?" smiled Macy.

Tom got down from his horse and urged Macy to do the same. They both went hand in hand closer to the river. The spray from the river soon enveloped them. The visibility dropped so they couldn't see more than a few feet around them. The spray slowly soaked their clothes and Tom noticed that Macy's shirt had turned transparent. Her bra was clearly visible sticking to the wet shirt. Macy noticed Tom's hot gaze on her chest and she started blushing. Her nipples jutted out from her proud breasts.

Tom took Macy in a tight hug. Macy moaned softly and raised her head. Tom plundered her parted lips with hot kisses. Macy pressed herself even closer to Tom and surrendered her mouth to Tom. Tom's lips crushed down on Macy's lips and his tongue sought hers out. His fiance's mouth tasted sweet to Tom. His raging erection throbbed against her stomach. Macy raised one of her long legs and tightened it round Tom's ass. Her eyes were closed in ecstasy and she gave a loud moan and came in a shuddering climax as she felt Tom's hand envelop one of her breasts and squeeze it delightfully. Tom felt her climax and started dry humping her pushing his hips hard against hers. He felt a great love for her wash through his body.

When she stopped coming, he gently separated himself from her and Macy groaned in frustration. Tom grinned at her and opened her shirt and unsnapped her bra freeing her magnificent breasts. He stared at the proud mounds of flesh for a second before he dipped his mouth and took one of them into his mouth. Macy couldn't believe how lovely his hot mouth felt on her boobs. Tom was squeezing one of her boobs in his hand and sucking on the other with his mouth. They were the most perfect tits he had ever played with and he was like a teenager on his first hot date. He cupped one of his hands over her left breast and squeezed it. He then flattened his palm and rubbed it against her erect nipple before cupping his hand round her breast again. Meanwhile, his mouth was sucking on her right breast. He took as much of it in his mouth as he could and slowly let it go. He then attacked her dark nipple with his tongue before taking it lightly in his teeth and nipping it gently. Macy held his head in both her hands and was pushing it harder against her chest. Her head was thrown back and she was moaning senselessly.

Tom then moved his mouth to the left breast and started squeezing her right breast with his other hand. After playing with her breasts for a while, he moved his head up her body, showering hot kisses on her neck and then moved to her lips again.

Suddenly, they heard their horses neigh above the roar of the water and Tom came to his senses looking around him. He looked at Macy and smiled at her. "I love you," he said.

"I love you too, Tom!" answered Macy.

"Let's go," he said taking her arm.

"What?" Macy was shocked. He could see she wanted more.

"My darling Macy," said Tom, "I love you too much. I don't want you this way. I'll take you on our wedding night!"

"Nooo! I can't wait that long!" she groaned.

Tom just smiled at her and took her out of the spray to the horses.

The Sun soon dried their clothes and they continued on their ride.

They soon came to a high-ish point and stopped to look around. Tom saw the path continuing down the slope into a wood and he could make out a village on the other side. Beyond the village was a river. Macy pointed to the river and said, "That's the boundary with the Menor estate."

"What gift should we take to your uncle?" asked Tom.

"Let's go down to the village. They have a lot of contact with the Menor people and they may tell us something" said Macy.

They followed the track and came to the river. The village children ran up to them as soon as they were in sight and followed them into the village. Macy went to the centre of the village and stopped at a house bigger than the others. A stocky, older man came out of the cottage and recognized Macy.

"Greetings, Mistress! You should have called me. Why did you trouble yourselves by coming to our small village?" he asked.

"Greetings, Yamulk. I was showing our new master his estate." Macy replied.

They both got down from their horses and Yamulk led them into his hut. After asking a few questions about life in the village, Macy asked him, "You live close to the Menor estate and have interactions with the people there. We need Master Menor's help in the council meeting and are going on a formal visit to his house tomorrow. What do you think we should take as a gift?"

Yamulk laughed, "I normally wouldn't know about what Masters and Mistresses want, but in this case I can help you. Master Menor's weakness is well known among his people. He loves virgins. He takes a fresh girl to his bed, keeps her for a week or so and then lets her go. The girls like it. He settles a handsome dowry on them when they find a boy to marry. I'm told that there are no virgins left on the Menor estate!"

"Virgins!" mused Macy, "A lot of our girls are virgins because Jamie only bedded a few girls. New girls needed breaking in, he used to say. But we can't just send off girls to a new estate away from their families."

"I can help you there, Mistress," said Yamulk. "We have three quite beautiful girls in our village who don't want to stay here. They turned eighteen this year and they want the bright lights. They'd like to go to a big estate house where they can meet more boys and have more fun!"

"Bring them in Yamulk, let's ask if they're willing to be our gift to Lukid Menor," said Macy.

Yamulk went out of the cottage, leaving Macy and Tom alone. Macy turned to Tom and said, "There's still one problem. We cannot just pick up three village girls today and give them as a gift tomorrow. That'll look rude."

"What do you mean?" asked Tom, puzzled.

"For a gift to be worth anything, it has to have a value to you, Tom," said Macy.

"What do you suggest?" asked Tom.

Macy thought for a while and said, "You'll have to spend the night with these three girls."

"What!" exclaimed Tom, "Your uncle wants virgins."

"I know," replied Macy. "It'll be difficult, but you don't have a choice. Spend the night with them but leave them virgins."

"Oh! you mean just sleep with them and do nothing?" asked Tom.

"No, silly!" replied Macy, "You can have whatever fun you want with them as long as they are still virgins in the morning."

Tom looked doubtful. Macy laughed, "I know it'll be difficult, my darling, but needs must. I'm sure you'll think of things to do with three girls that don't actually involve, you know..."

Tom looked at Macy and saw she was blushing.

Yamulk entered just then with three young women in tow. Tom realised what Yamulk was saying. These girls were quite beautiful - good looking and trim bodies. It was quite a wonder that three such beauties had been born in a small village like this.

"Are you all virgins?" asked Macy looking at them.

"Yes, Mistress," three voices echoed each other.

Yamulk added, "I'll get our midwife to check them out before I send them to your house this evening, Mistress."

Macy nodded and said, "Yamulk, the Master and I'd like to talk to the girls alone."

"Of course, Mistress" said Yamulk and left the house closing the door after him.

Macy turned to the three girls and said, "Do you know why Yamulk brought you here?"

"Yes, Mistress. We're to be the gifts to Lord Menor," said the tallest girl who seemed to be the natural leader of the three.

"Do you also realise that you won't be virgins for long once you go there?" asked Macy.

"Yes, Mistress!"

Tom saw that these girls quite looked forward to losing their cherries. He stood up and walked round the girls.

"What's your name?" he asked the first one, the tallest girl.

"Lena"

Lena was about 5' 9''. She had smallish breasts, may be a B-cup, but she had a narrow waist that flared into generous hips. Like the other girls, she was wearing the short white cotton dress that came to mid thigh and left her long legs exposed.

"Yours?" continued Tom looking the second girl up and down. She was petite, not much more than five feet tall but she had a big bust

"Esha," the girl replied, blushing under his scrutiny. The thin cloth of her dress was straining against her boobs and Tom couldn't help himself staring at her lavish cleavage.

"And you?" he asked the third girl.

"Jess," replied the third girl. She was between the other two in height, about 5' 5''. She had almost boyish hips and coltish legs, but she had a nice C-cup chest.

All three girls had a youthful bloom which enhanced their beauty.

"Take off your Tigas," said Macy referring to the dresses.

The three girls dropped their dresses standing naked before Tom and Macy. Esha covered her pussy by lacing her arms in front of her. Tom touched the back of her palms with his riding crop and she dropped her arms to her side exposing her sex to Tom and Macy. Lena and Jess had shaven pussies while Esha had dark pubic hair. It was quite interesting to see these three beauties in the nude side by side. Their boobs ranged in size from a handful to quite generous. Lena who had the small breasts had quite big nipples mounted on large aureoles. Jess had the mid sized boobs and very small nipples. Esha certainly had the best chest, big boobs which were nonetheless firm topped by cherry coloured nipples. Esha was obviously proud of her bust and arched her back thrusting her boobs forward, emphasising them even more.

Tom and Macy walked round the girls looking at the girls from behind. Lena, the tall girl had raven black hair down to her shoulders. Her skin was darker than the others and her bum was the most prominent of the three. Tom couldn't resist reaching out and giving her ass a squeeze. Macy looked at him and smiled, asking "She has a lovely bum, hasn't she?"

Tom nodded and gave Lena's ass a mild spank which made her squeak.

Jess, the mid sized girl had very slim, boyish hips. They emphasised her slim legs and the long pigtails she was wearing made her look even more girlish.

Esha, of the big boobs, had a good ass as well. Not as generous as Lena's ass and not boyish in any way - she was a lot of girl in a small package. Tom rubbed her ass softly with his hand and then reached round and fondled her lovely tits.

Macy sighed, "I wish I had a chest like that!"

Tom looked around and said, "I think you are perfect, I wouldn't want you changed in any way."

Macy looked pleased and came up to him and kissed him on the cheek. He reached out with his left hand and pulled Macy in close while leaving his right hand on Esha's tits.

Tom and Macy walked around the girls and asked them to dress up. They called Yamulk in and asked him to send the girls to the big house by the evening and left the village and made their way back.

Jill, Macy and Tom were sitting in the cottage overlooking the ocean, enjoying a quiet supper in the evening breeze when the three girls were announced by Serafina.

Tom and Macy smiled at them and introduced them to Jill and then sent them off with Serafina so they could have supper. Jill looked at Tom and said, "Poor boy!"

"What?" asked Tom.

"First, you decide to wait until your wedding day with Macy - I think that's very romantic, by the way, - and now three girls to spend the night with and no pussy!" Macy said with a wicked grin.

"It's hard work," agreed Tom, "but somebody's got to do it!"

"Speaking of hard..." trailed Jill and reached out under the table with her foot and rubbed his cock. It was soon throbbing. She leaned over and whispered something to Macy and Tom felt her foot sliding along his thigh until it came to a rest against his cock and Jill's foot.

"You minxes!" groaned Tom. The girls laughed, delighted at his response.

They were both wearing their Assumption dresses and Tom could see their breasts jiggling under the silk as they laughed.

Tom stood up and the girls did too. He said to Jill, "I want you and Serafina in my room as well, tonight. If there are three pussies I can't touch, I need a couple that are mine to do as I will."

Jill nodded agreement and Macy made a moue of disappointment, "Why can't I join you?"

"My dear Macy!" laughed Tom, "if you are in that room, I'll never be able to resist throwing myself on you and ravishing you."

"But, that's exactly what I want!" said Macy.

Tom laughed again and took her in a hug, "Waiting makes the fruit sweeter," he said and kissed her on the lips. Macy opened her mouth eagerly and pushed her tongue into his mouth. Tom was delighted with her response and their kiss lasted a long time. Jill took Macy away, telling Tom that Serafina would come later to take him to the big bedroom which was the only which had a bed big enough for six.

Tom stood alone in the cottage, leaning against the low wall overlooking the ocean. Darkness enveloped him and crickets started chirping. The birds all returned to their roosts and the only sound he could hear above the crickets was the distant sound the ocean waves breaking on the island shore. He caught the lovely fragrance of Queen of the Night. He tried to think of its latin name - Seleni something grandiflorus. He gave up trying to remember and closed his eyes, boosting his other senses to enjoy this paradise.

A light step behind him and Serafina called out to him, "Master, the bedroom is ready."

He took a deep breath taking in the fragrance and turned and followed Serafina to the big bedroom where his harem was waiting for him. Serafina pointed to the room and left him.

He walked into a circular room with a huge circular bed in the middle, big enough for ten or twelve people. There were many candles lit round the room giving light and fragrance. As he stood by the bed, he was joined by all the girls and they stood in front of him. It was clear that they had all just taken baths and were looking freshly scrubbed. His siser Jill was wearing a short dress and the others were wearing nothing but bra and panties.

Jill said, "I thought you'd like to tear their underwear off when you want to."

Tom grinned at her thoughtfulness and went and hugged her. He kissed his sister on the mouth and slid her dress over her hips and started mauling them, pressing her hips into his crotch. He stepped away from Jill and pointed to the three new girls and asked them to take off his clothes.

The three girls, Lena, Esha and Jess immediately came forward. Esha started unbuttoning his shirt and Lena and Jess squatted in front of him to take off his trousers. He squeezed Esha's boobs over her bra and then reached behind her and pulled on the knot. It came off and left her boobs open to him. There was no reason to leave Esha's magnificent bust covered, thought Tom as he took both her large tits in his hands and started playing with them.

Meanwhile, Lena and Jess had pulled down his trousers and underwear and he stepped out of them. Lena took hold of his cock and kissed it gingerly. Jess rubbed her tits on his thighs. Tom groaned with delight and started massaging Esha's tits harder. He looked at Jill and pointed her towards Serafina. Jill immediately took Serafina in her arms and started kissing her on the mouth. Serafina looked surprised for a second and then responded enthusiastically, opening her mouth and letting Jill's tongue through. Jill and Serafina's tits were squashed against each other. They started massaging each other's bottoms.

Tom leaned forward and took one of Esha's firm tits in his mouth. He continued squeezing her other tit with his left hand. Esha raised her hands and pressed his head harder against her chest. Tom started licking Esha's nipple with his tongue. He then caught hold of her nipple in his teeth and chewed on it gently while his other hand pinched her other nipple. Esha groaned in delight. Meanwhile, Lena took his cock into her mouth and started sucking him. She wasn't very experienced but her warm, wet mouth on his cock made Tom bite harder on Esha's nipple. Jess scooted behind him and reaching from between his legs, she started laving his balls with her tongue. Tom let go of Esha's nipple and took a handful of Lena's hair and pushed her harder on his cock. Soon she had taken most of his cock in her mouth and he started fucking her mouth, using his grip on her hair to slide Lena's mouth forwards and backwards on his cock. He took his mouth off Esha's breast and with his other hand he took hold of Esha's hair and pushed her on to his own nipples. Esha started sucking and biting gently on his nipple. Her big boobs were rubbing against his stomach and he could see over her head to where Jill and Serafina were locked in a 69 on the bed.

His sister's legs were spread open in front of him and he could see Serafina's head between them sucking on her clit. Meanwhile, Jill was holding Serafina's thighs open and attacking her pussy with her own tongue. All this action had Tom's cock rock hard and when Jess behind him spread his ass cheeks and stuck her tongue in his anus, he groaned and almost came. Tom knew he couldn't last long with so much stimulation and he pulled Lena off his cock. She gave a small groan of disappointment. He then pulled Esha off his nipples and walked over to the bed. Jess was suddenly left licking empty air!

He walked over to the bed and taking hold of Serafina's hair in his fist, he lifted her off Jill's pussy and kissed her hard on the mouth. Jill moaned when she could not feel Serafina's mouth on her any more. Tom tasted his sister's sweet juices on Serafina's mouth. He asked Jill to move up the bed and knelt between her open legs. He himself was on his hands and knees and his ass was raised high and exposed to the other girls. He bent his head and tasted his sister's cunt for the first time. He licked her shaven pussy from the bottom to the top until his tongue reached her clitoris. He then used his lips to play with her labia and started chewing her clit gently.

Jill was moaning continuously now, "Tom,, Yes! Yes! Do that! Harder!" and she started grinding her pussy harder into his mouth.

One of the girls - Tom didn't know and didn't care who it was - lay under him and took his cock in her mouth. Another girl parted his ass cheeks and started rimming his hole, while a third girl reached with her hand and started fondling his balls. This made Tom buck harder, driving his cock deeper into the girl's mouth.

He was now driven along by lust, incapable of any rational thought. He was driving his mouth hard against his sister's bare pussy. He stiffened his tongue and drove it into her pink cunt. Jill was moaning and Tom had to use all his strength to keep her thighs from crushing his head. The tongue in his ass hole went deeper and Tom groaned and he thrust his cock hard into the other girl's wet mouth until he could feel the back of her neck. The hand on his balls continued fondling him and he looked up in time to see Serafina sit on Jill's mouth to be sucked off. He reached out with one hand to play with his sister's tits and knew he wouldn't last long. Giving Jill's tits a good squeeze, he sat up on his knees so that he was straddling the girl whose mouth he was fucking. He saw that the girl was Jess. Lena and Esha came round him and he took their tits in each of his hands. The contrast between Esha's bounteous boobs and Lena's smaller tits was quite pleasing. He hung on to their boobs for dear life while Jess sucked his cock strongly. Jill got up and kissed him on the lips and that pushed him over the edge and he started coming strongly. His first eruption went straight down Jess's throat. She kept sucking him and he continued coming in her mouth until she couldn't hold it all and a little liquid escaped from the sides of her mouth. Still, Tom kept ejaculating, his cock deep in one girl's mouth while each of his hands were on a different girl's boobs and his tongue was deep in his sister's mouth.

Tom collapsed on the bed with the girls all round him. Jill lay alongside him and showered his ear with wet kisses. Esha, Jess and Lena lay round the bed breathing heavily and Serafina dragged herself down and slowly started licking Tom's cock clean. He was still very sensitive and pulled back from her. "Sorry!" she said and cleaned him even more gently.

After a little while, he pulled himself up on to his elbows and looked at Jess, whose mouth he had fucked so hard.

"Are you OK?" he asked.

Jess gave a nod and he could see a sparkle in her eyes.

"You are one good cock sucker, a natural!" he laughed.

He beckoned to the small but well formed Esha to come over. He lay down again and Esha bent over him giving him access to her lovely boobs. It was a pity he had only one night with these boobs, Tom thought. He turned to Jill and kissed her on the mouth. Serafina's ministrations on his cock, Esha's tits so close to his eyes and his sister's passionate kisses started stirring him again.

He could feel Serafina move to one side of his body without letting go of his cock. He felt one of the girls spread his legs and go between them and start sucking his balls. He looked around and saw that the tall Lena was free. He called her over and started rubbing his hand over her smooth long legs from her knees up her thighs until he came to her knickers. He moved the gusset of her panties to one side and inserted his fingers into her cunt. This continued until he was almost hard. He felt Serafina leave his cock and looked up. She was reaching for something beside the bed. It was a small pitcher of oil. She drizzled a little bit of oil over his cock and started massaging his cock using both her hands. He was hard in no time. Serafina then squatted over him and lowered herself onto his cock. The oil on his cock combined with her own juices had made him very slick and he plunged into her tight cunt very smoothly with no resistance. Once he was all the way in, Serafina paused and squeezed her cunt muscles round his cock. Tom gripped Lena's inner thigh in his hand in excitement.

Esha was sitting next to him and he took her luscious boobs in his other hand. He squeezed them and pinched her nipples. Her small but perfectly formed body was driving him crazy. He couldn't bear the thought of giving her up after one night. He lifted Serafina off his cock and turned to Esha. Jill realised that he wanted to fuck Esha. She immediately shook her head and came between him and Esha. Tom got angry and spanked his sister's ass.

Jill turned and said, "Relax little brother! Give me one second!"

She beckoned to Serafina and got the pitcher of oil from her. She turned Esha over on to her knees and hands and poured oil over her ass hole. She slicked a finger in the oil and slowly pressed it into her ass hole. Esha tensed her buttocks.

Jill said, "Relax, Esha, Relax.."

Esha slowly relaxed and Jill was able to insert her finger all the way in. She poured more oil and slowly inserted a second finger and then a third. Tom watched fascinated. His cock remained fully erect, throbbing. Jill then used her oil-slicked hand to add more lubrication to her brother's cock and slowly pulled him by his cock to Esha. Tom went forward willingly and let Jill guide his cock to Esha's winking hole. Jill removed her fingers and pushed her brother's cock slowly into Esha's nether hole. Tom slowly pushed his cock into the tight hole. Suddenly, the head went in and Esha gave a grunt. Tom groaned at the tight feeling and pushed harder until more of his slick pole went into her ass. Esha grunted again but relaxed her muscles and suddenly Tom was all the way in and his balls slapped against her ass. Tom revelled in the tight feeling. He bent over Esha's back and reached round to her boobs. Taking her heavy boobs in his hands, he started driving his cock in and out of her tight hole. Having just come, he was in no hurry to come again. He varied his pace, drawing up almost out of Esha and slowly plunging all the way in again, then a few quick thrusts, then slow again.

The tight grip round his cock was grand and after a while he just lay still, embedded deep in Esha's ass. His hands kept playing with her boobs - alternately squeezing a whole tit and alternately rolling a nipple between his fingers. He suddenly felt his ass cheeks being separated and a tongue inserted into his winking hole. His cock gave a twitch and Esha grunted. He suddenly lost control and started thrusting hard and deep.

"Aaaah! Wonderful!" he moaned as he continued fucking Esha's ass and came in a loud climax.

As he lay on his back exhausted, Jill took a wet cloth and cleaned his cock. He looked at her jiggling breasts as she rubbed his cock. It would take some time to recover but he would fuck his sister's brains out next. The night was long....

Paradise Island Ch. 04
byasitsn©

It was quite bright in the cottage when Tom woke up. The Sun had been up for several hours and the light was filtering through the cottage, but that wasn't what had brought him back from the land of Nod after last night's exertions. It was the feel of a warm mouth round his cock that woke him up!

He opened his eyes in surprise and looked down. He saw his sister's head between his legs sucking his hard cock. He looked around the big room and noticed they were alone. The others had all got up and left him and Jill alone. He lay back, closing his eyes, enjoying the feel of Jill's wet mouth sucking his cock. She had taken him in quite deep and her lips were clamped near the base of his cock. He could feel her tongue along the length of his cock. Jill slowly slid her lips up his cock until they were just below the head of the cock. Her tongue then ran round his sensitive head. Jill then pushed at the sensitive piss-hole with the tip of her tongue. Tom moaned and lifted his ass off the bed thrusting his cock into his sister's mouth. He curled his fingers in Jill's hair and held her head tight against his crotch.

Jill let her brother's cock deeper into her mouth until it was almost touching the back of her throat. She was an excellent cock sucker and had almost no gag reflex. She relaxed her throat muscles and started deep throating her brother's cock. Her cheeks pulled in with the suction and her lips were stretched round Tom's cock. Tom couldn't believe how good it felt to have his cock so deep in his sister's mouth. He groaned and using his grip on Jill's hair, he pulled her up his cock and pushed her down again, literally fucking her mouth. A few more strokes and he pulled her off his cock by her hair and dragged her along his body until she came face to face with him. They stared deep in each other's eyes for a moment and then their mouths met in a hungry, passionate kiss. Jill's mouth parted and accepted Tom's tongue. Their tongues played with each other and Tom hugged his sister very tight, squashing her boobs against his chest. They rolled on the bed until Tom ended up on top. Jill opened her legs wide and Tom's cock slid effortlessly into her wet pussy. They were still locked in a kiss and Tom started thrusting hard into his sister's cunt. Jill moaned, bucking up and down and raised her legs round his waist.

Tom fucked her steadily for a while and then stopped, laying still on his sister's body.

Jill broke the kiss and looked at him, "You haven't come, have you?"

Tom laughed, "No! But I was about to come, and I want to enjoy you for a bit longer."

Jill smiled and kissed him softly on the lips.

Tom raised his upper body off Jill and reaching out for her legs, he pushed them in front of him and held them high. In this position he could see the smooth backs of her creamy thighs framing her lovely shaven pussy. His hard cock was plunged straight into her soft pussy. The sight set off Tom again and he left her legs so that they were now draped over his shoulders and Jill was opened up nicely to him, her ass off the bed. In this position, he started fucking her rapidly and Jill started moaning.

"Oh, my god! You're fucking me so deep! Oh! Oh! OOOHHH!"

Tom was grunting with each stroke as he went in deeper into his sister's cunt than he had ever been before. Pretty soon, Jill reached her orgasm, "Oh! Tom! Aaargh! Brother!" and holding his head in a strong grip, she started kissing him passionately.

Jill's legs slipped off his shoulders after she came. Her cunt was now very wet and started making sloppy sounds as Tom continued his strokes. She raised her hand and ran her palm softly along his cheek. She had never loved her little brother so much!

Tom pulled his cock out of Jill's cunt and she gave a small moan of disappointment, raising her ass off the bed to try and keep him in. Tom laughed and sitting up, he said, "Sis, I want to fuck you from behind."

Jill immediately got onto her knees and elbows raising her sweet ass in the air. She pointed her knees out from her body so that her cunt and asshole were exposed. Tom went behind her and looked at her beautiful round ass tapering to luscious thighs. In between was her exposed cunt dripping with juice. Above her cunt, her asshole winked open and shut mesmerising him.

He ran his right hand over the globes of her ass and then ran his index finger into her cunt upto his knukle. When he withdrew his finger, it was wet with her juices. This gave him an idea and he ran his finger up and pressed against her anus. Jill moaned and hunkered down, raising her ass higher in the air. Her ass was tight, but his wet finger did slip in. She had evidently been fucked in the ass before.

Tom couldn't resist any more. Raising his hand, he swatted her bottom and noticed a rosy imprint of his hand on her white ass. He then moved forward and thrust his cock into ther cunt. He held her hips and fucked her with hard, quick thrusts. After a dozen or so thrusts he withdrew from her cunt and using his right hand he guided his wet cock to her other hole. He pressed against her with a steady pressure until the head of his cock suddenly slipped into her. Her tight ass felt really good!

He kept pushing his cock in until he was almost all the way in and then stopped to feel her tight ass hole round his cock. He suddenly felt his cock being massaged inside her and he looked, surprised. Jill had one of her hands in her cunt and she was running a finger up and down and he could feel it. He groaned and reaching forward, he grabbed her tits and started fucking her ass hard. He didn't last long this time!

"Yes! Yes! Yesss!" he groaned, his eyes closed, as he came in her ass.

Tom and Jill lay in each other's arms. Tom was lazily playing with his sister's nipples.

"Where is everybody else?" asked Tom. Last night had been an orgy. He had taken five girls to bed, his sister Jill, his personal maid Serafina and three girls boyish Jess, tall Lena and the Esha. Esha had the most beautiful boobs of any girl he had seen. Large and firm, they defied gravity and were topped by sensitive nipples. He had met Jess, Lena and Esha just yesterday afternoon. They wanted to leave their small village and Tom needed to give a gift to Lukid Menor the head of the largest family on the Council of Five. He had been told Lukid was partial to virgins, so the three good looking girls were a god-send.

He had spent the night fucking Serafina and Jill. He couldn't fuck the other three but they had sucked his cock and driven him mad by playing with their tongues on his anus. He had even fucked Esha in the ass.

"It's almost time to leave for the Menor estate, so I sent them off to get ready."

Tom kissed her on the mouth and got out of bed.

An hour later, they left for their visit. Jill kissed Tom and Macy good-bye. She was staying back. The party consisted of Tom, Macy, Serafina, Jess, Lena, Esha and a couple of young guys with stout staffs. Tom raised his eyebrows at Macy when he saw the guys. Macy said, "After Serbius's visit, Jill and I asked them to stay around in case we need them. They're boys from our estate and usually work on the shipping boats."

Tom nodded and smiled at the two guys and they bowed their heads to him.

As they rode along the path that he and Jill had ridden the day before, Tom could feel the tension building. A lot was riding on this trip. If they couldn't secure Lukid Menor's vote, he might as well pack his bags and leave. If that happened, he would take Jill and Macy with him, Tom vowed to himself. There was no way he was leaving them to the mercy of the goon, Serbius.

"Tell me more about Paradise Island," he said to Macy. The more he knew, the less likely he would be to trip up.

Macy replied, "Paradise Island has a population of about fifty thousand. The Menor estate is the biggest with almost twenty thousand people, we are the next biggest with about ten thousand and the other three are more or less the same with about six or seven thousand people each. For some reason, there have always been nearly twice as many girls born as boys on Paradise Island. I thought it was the same everywhere but Jill told me that this is unique to this island. Is that true?"

Tom nodded, wondering what could change something so basic as the sex ratio in the population. Was it the water? Or, some trace element in the soil? Looking at Macy's face, it was easy to tell that she loved her island and was proud of it. She didn't see anything wrong with the social set up here. Was that cultural or was it somehow tied up to the fact that population had twice the number of women as men? Was the same thing that caused more female births also making the women more feminine, more subservient to the men? There was also the fact that the women here were on average much more beautiful than the outside world. Was that tied up into the same factor?

Tom shook his head clear of all these thoughts and asked Macy to continue.

"The women stay on the island and do most of the agriculture. The men are usually on the fishing boats or guard boats."

"Guard boats?" asked Tom.

"Our fishing grounds are quite rich. Also, we haven't over-fished our waters unlike other people. We have to keep a constant look out to make sure foreign fishermen come and destroy our fishing grounds."

Soon they passed the waterfall where Tom and Macy had almost made love. Tom had a smile on his face and Macy blushed prettily when she realised why Tom was smiling. The journey passed quickly and soon they crossed a ford in the river and leaving their own lands behind, entered the Menor estate.

When they reached the Menor house, Lukid Menor and his son were waiting for them. Lukid was a tall, big-built man. His beard and moustache were peppered with grey as was the hair on his head. He must be well into his sixties but his frame was still erect and it was easy to see that he must have been a very dashing figure in his youth. His son was just as tall, but more slightly built and his features were softer.

Macy and Lukid's son hugged each other.

"John! How are you?"

"You've grown Macy! The green suits you!" he said, holding Macy at arms length. Macy blushed and Tom felt a pang of jealousy rip through him. They are old friends, he cautioned himself, forcing a smile on his face.

John came to him, shaking his hand with an open smile and it was hard not to like him.

Macy then went and hugged her uncle. They went in with Lukid's hand round Macy's waist and they all followed. Lukid led them to a large, cool room and bade them all sit down. Three beautiful women wearing the usual short white dresses came in with large glasses of fruit juice cocktails. The motif above their right breast was a leaping dolphin. One of the girls came to him and offered him a selection of glasses from a tray. She kept her legs straight, pushed her hips back and bent low at the waist in front of him. Her dress fell forward and showed off her lsucious, unfettered tits. Tom selected a glass murmured his thanks and the girls smiled. She then turned to Macy.

Meanwhile, the other girls were serving Lukid and his son. Since Lukid and his son were facing him, Tom saw the backs of their straight legs. Their little dresses had climbed half way up their bums when they bent low and Tom had a wonderful view.

After the girls withdrew and they had made some small talk, Macy came to the point, "Uncle, I want Tom to take over as the head of the Fontana household. We need your support."

Lukid frowned, thinking.

Macy added, "I don't want Serbius taking over the Fontana household. He is a brute."

"I agree," said John. "He was always a bully."

Lukid sighed, got up and started pacing the floor. "It is a difficult decision, Macy. Let's have lunch and we'll talk about it later."

They had to be content with that.

The Menor household had set a wonderful feast - they had roast game birds, lots of sea food, corn-on-the-cob, beans and other vegetables. After lunch, they exchanged gifts. Tom and Macy formally handed over the three virgins and Lukid gave Macy a bolt of creamy silk and Tom was given a wicked looking bowie knife in a leather.

John took them round and showed them the Menor house and the surrounding gardens while Lukid stayed in for a nap. When they joined him after a couple of hours, he looked pleased. Tom wondered which of the three girls he had slept with.

Lukid smiled at them and said, "Tom, If you are selected as the head of the Fontana household, are you prepared to stay on Paradise Island forever?"

"Yes," replied Tom.

Jill said, "Uncle, Tom and I wish to marry. We want you to announce our engagement at the council meeting tomorrow."

Lukid asked Jill, "Are you sure you want this?"

Jill nodded and her shining face made the answer even more obvious.

John smiled and said, "Congrats! That's wonderful news." He hugged Macy and shook hands with Tom.

Lukid said, "That certainly puts a different spin on things. Let me think about this. I want to do what is in the best interests of Paradise Island."

Jill said, "I understand, Uncle. But, I hate Serbius. Do you know that he barged into our house the other day and told me and Jill that he would make us grovel before him when he became the head of our household?"

Lukid frowned and said, "Don't worry, that won't happen."

"Thank you Uncle!" exclaimed Macy and hugged him.

That evening they had a light supper and filled in Jill with all the details of their visit. After the supper, Tom said, "I don't feel like sleeping right now. Who wants to come for a walk on the beach?"

Macy said she was tired and retired to bed. Jill was game as she had done nothing much all day and Serafina joined them.

It was almost a full moon night and a silvery light glowed on the beach, both from the moon and the reflection of the water. The sea's restless energy matched Tom's mood. Until the council meeting was finished and everything was decided, he could not relax. They all kicked off their shoes and walked barefoot on the sand. Tom wriggled his toes and felt the sand under his feet. Both the girls were wearing the short Tiga and they ran barefoot towards the edge of the water. A few waves just reached their feet when suddenly a much bigger wave came rushing along the beach and raced past the girls at almost knee height. Jill and Serafina shrieked and held each other so they wouldn't fall in the water as it retreated back into the sea.

They both came running back to him. It was a lovely sight to see their long bare legs flashing in the dim light as they ran towards him. Their unfettered breasts were swinging up and down. Tom watched his sister and Serafina with a smile. They reached him and each took one hand and started dragging him towards the water.

"What are you doing?" asked Tom.

"Come on! We are going to dunk you!" said Jill.

"You are, are you?" growled Tom and dug in his heels in the white sand.

Jill and Serafina tried pulling him and Tom suddenly swung his hand towards himself. Both the girls were dragged to him and he hugged them tightly. Jill tried to escape but he quickly kissed her on the mouth. She gave up struggling and opened her mouth to let his tongue in. He dropped his other hand to Serafina's ass and she stayed still, letting him fondle her.

Jill moaned and Tom crushed her to him. He could feel his sister's tits against his chest. Her crotch was grinding against his. With his other hand, he squeezed Serafina's ass and stuck a finger into her pussy from behind.

Jill fell to her knees and started unbuttoning his shorts. As she pulled off his shorts, Tom ripped off Serafina's Tiga and left her naked. He took one of her heavy breasts in his hand and started kneading it.

"Aah!" moaned Serafina.

"Oh! Yes!" groaned Tom when he felt his sister's mouth suck the head of his cock.

Tom took Serafina's nipple between his thumb and index finger and started rolling it between them. He pinched her nipple harder and Serafina moaned, arching her back and thrusting her boobs at him.

With his left hand, he grabbed a fist full of Jill's hair and pushed her head against his cock. She took him deeper and started playing her tongue against his cock. Tom groaned and grabbing Serafina's hair, he pulled her to him in a passionate kiss. He was very hard and did not want to come in Jill's mouth. Using his grip in her hair, he pulled his sister off his cock and pushed her on to her back. Jill spread her legs wide for her brother. Her pussy was dripping. He dropped to his knees between his sister's legs and thrust his cock into her wet pussy. He went straight in and started fucking her with rapid thrusts.

Jill moaned, "Yes, baby, Yes! Fuck me brother, Aah! Fuck your sister's cunt! Harder!"

Jill's dirty words made Tom fuck her harder. Her cunt was so warm and wet! It seemed to fit his cock like a glove. Soon, Jill started screaming and coming. Her juices almost pushed Tom off the edge, but he started doing mental arithmetic.

"13 times 16 is ..." he calculated, "198." He didn't want to come just yet. There was one more cunt to plow!

After Jill came, he withdrew from her and Jill moaned. He turned to Serafina and said, "On your knees, bitch!"

Serafina fell to her knees and hands and Tom walked on his knees and got behind her. His cock was still standing proudly erect and it was coated with his sister's juices. Serafina's ass gleamed in the moonlight and Tom gave it two quick spanks.

"Ooh!" said Serafina.

He gave her ass one more swat. Her shaved pussy was framed betwen her ass cheeks and he thrust his cock into her. He went all the way in and Serafina started moving her ass against his crotch. She started clenching and unclenching her pussy muscles and Tom groaned.

He reached forward and with his left hand, he grabbed her left tit. With his right hand, he took a fist full of hair and pulled her head up. Meanwhile Jill reached below him and took his balls in her mouth and Tom jerked his cock in Serafina's cunt. His sister left his balls and separating his ass cheeks, she plunged her tongue into his ass hole. Tom started fucking Serafina and Jill clung to him rimming his hole and driving him to ecstasy. Tom squeezed Serafina's tits and pulled her head high and back and kissed her on the mouth.

"Have you ever been fucked in the ass?" he asked Serafina.

"No!" she gasped.

"Get ready now!" he said and withdrew from her cunt. Jill immediately went to one side and separated Serafina's ass cheeks exposing her winking virgin hole to Tom. Tom grinned at the sight and leaning forward, he kissed his sister.

"Thanks!" he said.

"What are big sisters for?" replied Jill, helping her brother fuck a virgin ass hole.

Tom pushed his cock steadily into Serafina's ass. Serafina stayed still and tried to relax her muscles. She was still a little bit tense and Tom's cock wasn't going in. Jill noticed this and slipped her hand to Serafina's pussy. She took Serafina's clit betwen two fingers and rubbed it gently. She thrust another finger into her cunt. Serafina moaned as her sensitive clit was massaged and came in a rush on to Jill's hand. This relaxed her anus and Tom suddenly found his cock in Serafina's ass.

Tom thrust again and he was all the way in. His balls slapped against her ass and Serafina moaned, "Aah! Nooo!"

She couldn't make up her mind between her cunt's pleasure and her ass's pain. The pain slowly disappeared as Tom stayed still. As she relaxed, Tom started fucking her ass. She was so tight! Tom pulled almost all the way out. The sight of his cock with just its head inside her tight stretched hole as it gripped his cock was very exciting. He thrust in again and then started pistoning his cock in and out. He again grabbed her hair and pulled her head up. Jill came close to him and he started kissing his sister. Tom fucked Serafina for quite a while in her poor virgin ass before he suddenly shouted, "Yes, baby, Yes! I am cumming...". His thrusts increased in speed and he suddenly spilled his seed into her ass.

They all fell onto the sand and after a while, Tom asked Serafina, "Are you OK?"

"Yes, I think!" replied Serafina tremulously clutching her ass.

Jill laughed and said, "Of course you are all right! It'll be even better next time! But I can't believe all the places the sand has gotten to!"

Tom raised his head, interestedly, "Where?" he asked.

Jill laughed and got up and went into the water. Tom followed his naked sister and Serafina followed them. They washed themselves and went back to the house for another night of debauchery.

Paradise Island Ch. 05
byasitsn©

The council meeting was in a few hours and everybody was getting ready to go. Tom was very nervous about the outcome of the meeting. Macy had been confident that her uncle Lukid would vote for them, but after yesterday's visit, Tom wasn't so sure.

Tom was worried more for Jill and Macy than for himself. While he had grown to love Paradise Island (which man wouldn't?), he could leave it if ordered to do so. He could go back to being a lawyer and look back on his time here as a dream, a fantasy come true. However, the stakes were higher for Jill and Macy. If he lost, the Fontana estate would be headed by Serbius, a nasty brute. The head of an estate on Paradise Island had total power over the members of his estate and Serbius had had already said that he would make Jill and Macy grovel before him. Jill was his sister and he had fallen in love with Macy and he'd do almost anything to make sure they were all right.

Tom stepped out of the bath tub and a girl handed him a towel. The woman's white dress was wet and sticking to her body. It was transparent and showed her breasts and flat stomach clearly. Tom towelled himself and saw the young woman bend to pick up the clothes he had left on the floor when he entered the bath. She kept her legs straight and bent forward at the waist. Her dress rode up and he could see her pussy from behind between her thighs. Her lovely ass was sticking out straight at him. Tom's cock stood up straight. He was strung up thinking about the meeting and the girl would provide a good distraction.

He growled under his breath and moved forward to the girl. The girl was just starting to straighten up, but when she felt Tom's hands on her waist, she stayed in position. Tom held her narrow waist just above her hips and moved forward until his rampant cock touched her pussy. The girl moved her legs apart just a bit and Tom's cock wet from the bath slid into her cunt.

"Aah!" moaned the girl as Tom's cock slid deep into her cunt in one thrust.

Tom held her waist and started thrusting hard. His cock was embedded deep in the girl's cunt and he pulled out just a bit and thrust in again rapidly. Every time he thrust in, his balls slapped against her thighs. His face frowned in concentration as he fucked this girl. He didn't even know her name. But she was wearing the white dress with the eagle motif on her breast which meant that he could do whatever he wanted with the girl.

He didn't hear the door open behind him and Firni come in. Firni was a tall, big busted girl who had attended Tom's bath on his first morning in Paradise Island. Serafina and Firni had introduced him to the delights of threesome sex that morning. As she saw Tom's ass moving rapidly backwards and forwards and heard the girl's moans, Firni dropped her dress and walked naked to Tom and the girl. She walked close behind Tom and rubbed her big breasts against his back. Without missing a stroke, Tom twisted his upper body and reached out with one hand to Firni's head. He grabbed a fistful of hair and pulled her mouth to his. Their open mouths met and her tongue slipped into his mouth and started playing with his. She moved forward and letting go of her hair, he started mauling her tits. After their kiss finished, Firni turned and bent at the waist too. All this time, Tom kept fucking the first girl and he saw Firni's ass in front of him. Firni held her legs quite wide and bending down, she hugged her knees with her hands, exposing both her holes to him.

Tom reached out and spanked Firni's exposed ass with his right hand. His hand left a red imprint on her white ass. The first girl started coming, "Oh! yes! yes! Master, fuck me! Aah!". Tom continued fucking her with his hard cock and swatted Firni's ass some more. He felt the girl's climax and when she finished coming, he withdrew completely from her. Her cunt was open and she moaned with disappointment as she felt empty. Tom moved over to Firni and with the girl's come coating his slick cock, he thrust into Firni's exposed ass hole.

Firni grunted, "Ohh!" as she felt Tom's cock enter her tight ass hole. Tom thrust gently at first until Firni relaxed and then thrust all the way into her hole.

"Ahh! Master, you've got such a big cock! Aaah," screamed Firni, but her hands never let go of her knees.

Tom was revelling in the tight ass round his cock. He spanked her several more time and thrust hard in and out of her ass hole before spilling his seed. "Aah! Firni, this is so good! You've got a lovely ass," he said, spanking her and coming at the same time.

---

They were all waiting nervously for the council's decision. The council had called Tom and Serbius to the dock and questioned them. They were asked how they would improve life on Paradise Island. Serbius had said that he would hand over the defence of the fishing grounds to the neighbouring island (a good three hundred miles away) in return for a percentage of the catch. Tom had protested that defence was a fundamental duty of the State and could never be handed over to somebody else. He had proposed setting up a hydro-electric power plant and electrify the whole island.

The council doors were re-opened and they were all invited in. Lukid took the floor after they were all seated and said, "This has been one of the most difficult council meetings in a long time. There have been good arguments both ways, but the council's decision is that Serbius will be the next head of the Fontana estate and Tom has to leave Paradise Island."

Serbius gave a whoop and looked pointedly at Jill and Macy. Tom was crushed. Macy raised a hand to her mouth in horror.

"However," Lukid continued, "This will not take effect until one week after the Mid Summer festival. If within that time, Tom marries a Paradise Island girl, he can take his bride with him. As Tom will be the head of the Fontana estate until he leaves, his wedding will be celebrated as befits the wedding of an estate head. His bride will be entitled to a reasonable dowry and she will be allowed to take three maids of honour with her when she leaves the island."

Tom looked more hopeful at this statement. He and Macy could marry and take Jill and a couple of other girls with them to the outside world, away from Serbius's clutches. Macy was still unhappy but she wasn't so horror-filled now. Serbius didn't look as pleased as he seemed a few moments ago.

Tom's hand reached over to Macy and held her. Jill rose and Tom stood up with her. She said, "I have an announcement to make. Tom and I are engaged to be married. We will be married three days after the Mid Summer festival - ten days from now. You are all invited to the wedding."

Several people came and congratulated them. The notable exceptions were Serbius and his family.

When Lukid came to congratulate her, Jill made her unhappiness known. "Uncle, I trusted you. Tom will make a better head of the estate."

"I agree, Tom is the better candidate," said Lukid. "However, I don't think it's a good idea to have outsiders on Paradise Island. As I promised, I made sure you wouldn't fall into Serbius's hands."

Before Macy could say anything, Tom stopped her by pressing her hand. "You made the best decision as you saw it, Lukid. I've no hard feelings. Thanks for letting me take Jill and Macy away."

Lukid nodded and moved on.

---

That evening at dinner, Macy was depressed at the prospect of leaving her ancestral house forever. She had grown up here and all her friends were on Paradise Island. She was determined to make the most of her last few days in Paradise Island. She told Jill and Tom, "We'll have the best Mid Summer Party ever and the wedding will be remembered for a long time on Paradise Island."

Jill laughed and said, "Yes, let's have a huge party before we bow out!"

Jill and Macy started discussing guest lists and dresses and soon became very animated. Tom shook his head in wonder. "Women!" he thought, "Who can figure them?"

After dinner Jill turned to Tom and said, "We want you to leave your mark on the estate. You have to make as many women pregnant as possible in the next ten days. No fancy stuff, don't waste yourself. We'll select the girls who are at their most fertile part of their monthly cycle and send them to you."

Tom looked stunned. Macy said, "Yes, Tom. I'd like that. Stop 24 hours before our wedding though, so you'll be fresh for me!"

Tom laughed and hugged Macy. Her luscious body felt wonderful in his arms. "For you, my dear, I'll be fresh any time!"

Tom lay on the bed waiting for the girls that Jill and Macy said they would send. He thought that he'd better make the most of the next couple of weeks. The idea of fucking several girls each day and night and making them pregnant was turning him on more, the more he thought about it. By the time, a soft knock came on the door, he was erect.

"Come in," he shouted and the door opened and four girls walked in. Two of them had big boobs and the other two had smaller chests. Three of them were slim and the fourth was short and plump. The short and plump girl had big boobs and a round ass. He had seen one of them serving dinner but had never seen the others.

"Are you virgins?" asked Tom.

"Yes, sir!" said three of the girls. The prettiest girl - who had been serving at the dinner table - kept quiet. Tom looked at her and said, "How did you lose your cherry?"

"Cherry?" asked the girl puzzled, "you mean my virginity?"

Tom laughed, not all idioms travelled, obviously.

"Yes"

"I served Master Jamie before... I've had no one for the last three months."

"OK," said Tom. "Come here all of you and take off your clothes. Do you know why you are here?"

"Yes, Master. We all want a child from you," said the first girl dropping her dress and stepping out of it.

Tom nodded and went to stand in front of the now-nude girls. He fondled their tits and pinched their nipples. They all had clean shaven pussies and he rubbed his fingers down their slits.

He beckoned to the girls to go on to the bed. The girls scrambled on to the big bed and he followed them. He moved to the plump girl and asked her to lie on her back. She lay back but kept her knees together. He gently prised them apart and soon she was spread wide in front of him, exposing her shaven pussy to him. He moved up over her and covered her with his body. He held her big boobs and squeezed them. He felt warm hands on his cock and turned in surprise. The pretty girl had dipped her hand in oil and was rubbing it on his cock. Once his cock was greasy, she held it and guided it towards the plump girls pussy. He stopped with his cock touching the entrance to her virgin cunt and looking in her eyes, he asked, "Do you really want it?"

"Yes, please" she said. But Tom could read the nervousness in her eyes.

"It will pain, but just a little," he said.

She nodded and closed her eyes. Tom bent down and kissed her lips. Surprised, she opened her lips and Tom's tongue darted in. Her nervous tongue stayed inside and Tom prodded it with his own tongue. A few seconds later, Tom felt her tongue becoming bolder and he kissed her hard. At the same time, he thrust his ass and pushed his slick pole into her cunt. Her virgin cunt was tight and felt like a velvet glove round his hard cock. His cock met the barrier of her hymen and he stopped. He raised his ass a little bit and thrust again tearing into her maidenhead.

"Noooo!" the girl moaned. "Oh, my god! Pleaaase NO!"

But it was too late. Tom had already ripped through her virgin cunt and was thrusting hard in and out. Soon the girl stopped crying out and started raising her hips to match his strokes. Tom looked at her and grinned. When he bent his head forward to kiss her, she met him willingly and this time it was her tongue that moved into his mouth. Soon, the girl started moaning.

"Oh, pleaase, pleaaase" she said, grinding her crotch harder against his.

"Yes, oh yes" she said and Tom felt her jucies as she came with a shuddering climax.

Soon, Tom felt his own climax approaching and he said, "Yes, baby! I'm coming now. Hooold On!"

He thrust harder and harder into her pussy and spilled his juices into her womb. As his cock became softer, he slipped out of her and lay down next to her. The girl lay still on her back with her legs raised at the knees.

"What happened?" asked Tom concerned.

"That was wonderful," the girl breathed. "I am staying on my back so your seed can enter my womb."

The other girls took a wet flannel and lovingly cleaned his cock. Once he was clean, one of the girls slipped his soft cock into her warm mouth and started sucking on it gently. The other two girls moved up and lay next to him. Tom kissed the two girls and played with their tits. He asked one of the girls to get onto her knees and turn back so her ass was exposed to Tom.

The girl lay on her knees and elbows and raised her ass in the air. Tom nudged her knees apart and her cunt and ass were exposed in front of him. He inserted one finger into her cunt and moved it slowly in and out. He withdrew his finger and rubbed it on her clit. Her clit was a hard nub extending out of its sleeve and pink. As he rubbed her clit with his finger, the girl moaned and he could see the moisture grow in her exposed cunt. Tom laughed and spanked her bottom. This, combined with the other girl's sucking made his cock hard again and he rose and mounted the kneeling girl and fucked her from behind.

He spanked her bottom while fucking her and reaching forward, he took a fist full of her hair in his grip and raised her head and turned it, kissed her while continuing to plow his cock in and out of her cunt.

He fucked the other girls in turn before falling asleep. He woke the next morning with one girl sucking on his cock and the other sucking his balls. He smiled sleepily and reached down and pulled the girls up and fucked them again.

When he went down for breakfast, Jill asked him, "How does the stud feel today?"

"Tired!" he answered.

"This is just day one!" laughed Macy.

The next week was one massive fuck-a-thon for Tom. He fucked so many girls, he lost count. He fucked tall girls and short girls, girls with big boobs and not so big boobs, slim girls and plump girls, virgins and non-virgins. He spanked girls and had girls suck him. But he never spilled his seed anywhere except in the girls' cunts.

And all this was before the madness of the mid summer festival when he participated in an orgy and found himself in prison on charges of murder. But that's the next chapter.

Paradise Island Ch. 06
byasitsn©

Mid Summer day started with a light shower in the morning. The shower was welcomed by the people and plants on Paradise Island. The thunder shower broke the tropical heat that had enveloped them in the last few days and the lush foliage took on a fresh green look again.

Tom lay on his bed, listening to the pitter-patter of the rain on the roof. For once, he was lying alone on his bed. In the past few days, he had fucked - and hopefully impregnated - over fifty women. He had been at it like a champion stud day and night. Last night he had decided to give it a rest and had gone to bed alone. As he thought about some of the girls he had fucked over the last week, his cock grew hard and Tom laughed. The night's rest had rejuvenated him and he was now ready for the bacchanalian orgy that was the Mid Summer festival on Paradise Island!

By mid-morning, all the Fontana estate had gathered in the big meadow behind the estate house and they were waiting for Tom to kick off the party. Tom dressed in a traditional Paradise Island chief's robes - long flowing robes and a hat with the tail feather of the bird-of-paradise sticking out of a hat. He wore soft leather moccasins. He was walking through a path left open by the crowds towards a small raised platform in the middle of the field.The path had been covered by rose petals. He was flanked by his sister Jill and his fiance Macy in similar long robes. Unlike his robes, their dresses were cut low at the top to show off their lovely cleavages and the sides of the dresses were slit all the way to the top of their thighs to show tantalising glimpses of flesh as they walked! He had forbidden Jill and Macy from fucking anybody. Jill wanted him to make her pregnant before they left Paradise Island and he had agreed to fuck her some time today. Macy was a virgin and he wanted her to remain one until he took her on their wedding night three days from today.

He was followed by Serafina, Firni and four other girls. They were not wearing their normal Tigas - short white cotton dress. They were all wearing long figure hugging dresses made of several panels that moved independently of each other as the girls walked. They revealed different parts of their body as they walked! The six girls following Tom were each carrying a round brass platter heaped with rice. With each step, they took a handful of rice and showered Tom, Jill and Macy and the crowds surrounding them. Tom looked round the crowds and waved. The crowd cheered back. This was the first time that he had seen so many men on Paradise Island. Usually they worked on boats as fishermen or as coast gurards and there were few men on the island itself. Today, he had given leave to all non-essential Fontana men to join the party as well. The women still outnumbered the men by two to one. The men and women were all dressed in different clothes. They had obviously gone to great effort to design and stitch different clothes. While most of the men dressed conservatively in neatly pressed tunics and pantaloons, the womens' dresses were a different matter! The women were dressed in a wide variety of clothes - from simple one piece dresses to wierd creations that left little to the imagination. Several enterprising people had set up stalls selling anything from sweets to mulled wine to corn-on-the-cob.

Tom reached the platform and climbed up on it and helped Jill, Macy and the other girls on to it. The platform was ringed by large stones which had been erected there by some native tribe hundreds or thousands of years before. In the centre of the platform was a large drum. Normally, the stones always shaded the centre of the ring from the direct rays of the Sun. He looked around the crowd waiting for something. He saw John, Lukid's son. He had invited him to the party because this was going to be Macy's last party on the island and he wanted her to remember her friends. He had got some men and women with him from his estate. Tom and Macy waved to John and he waved back, grinning.

The Sun climbed to its zenith on the longest day of the year and the shadows disappeared in the ring. The drum lit up in the bright sun. Tom picked up the large mallet lying next to the drum and raising it high over his head, brought it down on the drum. A large sonorous boom filled the meadow and the crowd cheered and went wild. The Mid Summer party had started!

An impromptu band started up on one side of the field and people started dancing. Others were buying mulled wine by the glass and fruit punches in large pitchers. Still others were already in tight cinches, kissing each other passionately. Tom kissed Macy and jumped off the platform, helping the girls down. He made his way to John and shook his hand.

"Thanks for coming!" Tom said.

"Thanks for inviting me!" replied Tom.

"Hi John," said Macy and they hugged each other and Tom felt just a twinge of jealousy.

Suddenly, John turned and said, "I've forgotten my manners! Tom, these girls are yours for today."

Three girls stepped up to him and curtseyed. Two of the girls were unknown to him but Tom noticed with delight that the third girl was Esha. She was one of the girls that Tom and Macy had taken as a gift to Lukid. She had the most amazing bust that Tom had seen on any girl and he had felt it hard to give her up. She looked at him and smiled and Tom's cock gave a twitch. The last time, he had fucked her in the ass but had to leave her a virgin. This time, he would plough her cunt too!

"Welcome home!" said Tom, "Have you met anybody from your village?"

"Yes," said Esha, grinning and pointing to her village contingent.

"Hi Yamulk," said Tom, greeting the headman of Esha's village. He had recommended Esha and two of her friends as gifts to Lukid when Tom and Jill visited his village.

"Hello, Master. Can I have a word with you in private?" asked Yamulk.

"Sure!" said Tom and excusing himself, went a few yards away with Yamulk.

"What's the matter, Yamulk?" asked Tom.

"Sir, I hear some rumours. Some foreigners have come to the island and were asking about you. They didn't look like savoury characters."

Tom frowned, wondering who it could be, then gave up, "It doesn't matter now. I am off this island in four days time."

Tom rejoined John and the others. Jill and Macy raised their eyebrows in question at him, but he shook his head. No point worrying them.

He hugged Macy and kissed her. Macy's hands crept round his neck, pulling his head closer to him. Tom pulled Macy's body closer, grinding his suddenly hard cock against her soft centre. Macy moaned indistinctly and pushed her tongue into his mouth. Tom's tongue fought a duel with her tongue and Tom's hands dropped lower and covered Macy's ass. Tom gave her ass a squeeze and pushed her closer into his groin, almost lifting Macy off her feet.

When they separated, he saw that John and the other men were busy with various women. Tom and Macy were surrounded by Jill, Esha, Serafina and the other girls who had followed him to the platform. Tom took Jill in his arms and kissed her soundly on the lips. Raising his hands, he took his sister's tits in her hands and squeezed. While he and his sister were kissing, his fiance hugged him from behind and pressed her firm breasts into his back.After kissing for a while, he and the girls went around the ground, talking to the revellers. They each bought a corn-on-the-cob hot from the coals and dug into it. When they came near the band, the girls started swaying to the music and Tom joined in. The girls whirled round and round him laughing.

Somebody in the crowd had a bamboo piston loaded with water and sprayed a young woman on the chest. The woman squealed as the cold water hit her and covered her chest as she realised that her dress had now become transparent. A few more girls were sprayed and suddenly the girls gave up and danced with abandon, their breasts visible to all under their wet dresses.

Tom and his entourage of girls moved on and came to a man selling coloured candy cockerels. Next to him there was a large crowd and Tom saw that somebody had set up a roulette table. Jill and Macy wanted to play and they stayed for a while. By this time a couple of hours had passed and the revelry was getting decidedly raunchy. Tom sent Jill and Macy home. They went, pouting and unhappy. He didn't want anybody touching either of them!

Tom turned to Esha and grabbed her. She came into his arms willingly, laughing. He left his left arm round her waist and raised his right hand to her lovely chest. He kept his palm straight and pressed it into her left breast. He moved his flat palm round in a circle rubbing her. Her nipple immediately perked up and poked prominently out of her thin dress into his palm. Tom grinned and pinched her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Esha moaned and gave him a sloppy kiss with her warm mouth.

He looked around and saw Serafina dancing a wild Samba with one of the village boys. A hot flush went through him and he moved to stop her. But before he took a single step, Esha and Firni laughingly dragged into some bushes. Esha dropped her dress and stood nude before him and Firni stood on tip-toe and snaked a wet tongue into his left ear. The sight of Esha's lovely boobs and the sensation in his ear made him forget Serafina. But the residual anger was still coursing through him and made him rougher. He squeezed one of Esha's tits with his right hand and with his left hand, he grabbed Firni's hair and pulled her round and kissed her roughly. He then turned Esha round and made her bend forward on a convenient rock and squeezing her melons, he spanked her bottom with his right hand. Her ass turned red and Esha moaned. Firni squatted on her haunches and raised his robe and took his erect cock into her mouth.

The wet feel of Firni's mouth on his cock brought Tom to his senses and he stopped spanking Esha. He put his left hand on Firni's head and pulled her deeper on to his cock. Firni took all of him until the tip of his cock touched the back of her throat. The suction was incredible and Tom groaned with delight.

"Aaah! That's great baby! Ooohhh!" he moaned as Esha's cheeks went inwards with the suction on his cock. He continued caressing Esha's red bottom with his right hand and pushed a finger into her cunt. It was sopping wet! He pulled free of Firni's mouth with a pop.

Firni moaned with disappointment, but Tom didn't want to come in her mouth. He wanted to fuck Esha.

He turned so he was directly behind Esha's bent-over body. His hard cock was twitching with excitement and he bent his knees slightly until he was the right height and pushed his cock into Esha's wet cunt with one long stroke. Esha moaned, "Master, Ohhh!"



Once Tom was fully embedded in Esha's cunt, he reached forward and held her big boobs in his hands. He then started thrusting his hips, plunging his cock in and out of her cunt.

After a little while, he left his cock fully plunged inside Esha's cunt and lay still. He squeezed Esha's lovely boobs and let them loose again, squeezed them and let them loose. He suddenly felt his ass cheeks being separated and a tongue inserted into his ass hole. The sensation overwhelmed him and he started fucking Esha again.

"Yes, Yes! I'm coming baby! Oh Yes!" he moaned, shooting jets of semen into her cunt.

After they calmed down, he suddenly remembered Serafina and straightening his robes, he strode out from behind the bushes. The field had degenerated into an orgy. Because the women outnumbered the men, every man was busy. There were men and women dancing with each other or fucking each other. There were several women surrounding some lucky men and there were groups of men and women all involved with each other. Serafina and the young man were not to be seen. Tom looked around and saw John and his group. Several other women had joined them and they were all naked. John was fucking one girl while she was sucking off his friend. Another girl was behind him fondling his balls. Two of the girls in their group were in a 69. As Tom watched, John came with a shuddering climax. After he recovered, John looked up and saw Tom and beckoned him over.

Tom shrugged and joined them. "Come on, bro! Join us!" he drawled. Abruptly Tom's mood changed and he was hard again. He looked around and saw the two girls in a 69. He could see one of the girls on her knees. The other girl was under her, attacking ther first girl's cunt with her tongue. He took his cock out from his robes and strode up to them. The first girl never knew he was coming close. The second girl looked up from between the first girl's thighs when his cock touched her forehead. She made room for his cock and Tom plunged his rigid cock into the first girl's cunt from behind.

"Ohhhhh!" groaned the first girl as the cock suddenly plunged into her cunt without warning. Luckily, she had come several times already and her cunt was dripping wet. As soon as Tom's cock was embedded in the first girl's cunt, the second girl started licking his balls. Tom grunted and holding the first girl by her hips, he started fucking her hard. He felt somebody hug him behind and felt naked breasts on his back. A few minutes later, John had apparently recovered, for he moved in front of Tom and started fucking the second girl. Tom and John were now each fucking a girl, while the other girl was pleasuring their balls. They both held on to their girl's hips and fucked them hard. Both their girls started coming, loudly.

Tom saw another girl move behind John and hug him from behind just like him. The girl was naked and was rubbing her boobs on John's back. Her hand was at her crotch and her fingers were playing with her pussy. She had a far-away look on her face.

Tom let go of one of the girl's hips and smacked her ass. John grinned at him and mirrored his action! They both stopped moving and with their cocks deep in the girls' cunts, they started spanking their asses.

"Ow!" said Tom's girl as his hand came down on her ass.

"Ow!" said John's girl as his hand came down on her ass.

Tom's girl used her cunt muscles to squeeze his cock and Tom got distracted. Meanwhile, his now stationary balls had been swallowed by John's girl. These actions got Tom's ass moving again and with a few more hard strokes, he gave a wild cry and started coming. When he got his senses back, he saw John's head thrown back, his eyes closed hard as he poured his seed into the girl's cunt.

They both withdrew their cocks and sat down next to each other on a rock. A great brotherly feeling enveloped them both and they grinned at each other and gave each other a high five. Two girls crawled up to them and lovingly cleaned their softening cocks with their mouths.

After he had been cleaned, Tom remembered Serafina again and moved from John's group. This time he saw Serafina and the young man a little distance away. They were still dancing. As he watched, the young man raised his hands from Serafina's hips and tried to squeeze her breasts. Serafina brushed his hand away but the young man became more insistent. Serafina turned away but the young man grabbed her from behind. Tom reached them and gripped his hand on the young man's wrist.

"Let her go!" he said angrily.

After that things happened quickly. The young man took out a knife with his other hand and tried to stab him. Serafina cried, "No!" and pushed herself into the knife's path.

"Ohh!" she said, grabbing her stomach. Blood stained her creamy dress like a red flower.

Tom cried out, "No, Serafina! Oh god!"

Slowly Serafina's knees buckled and Tom got hold of her and they both sank to the ground with Serafina's head on his lap. He didn't realise that the young man had slipped away. It took Serafina a long time to die. Tom just stayed there on the ground and suddenly, several men surrounded him. Serbius was one of them.

He is not invited, thought Tom stupidly. A great mist seemed to have fallen over his mind and his thoughts were very sluggish. Serafina was the first girl he had met on Paradise Island and he was very fond of her. He had even told Macy that Serafina should be one of the 'maids' that they take out of Paradise Island when they left.

Serbius was saying something but Tom didn't hear.

"You couldn't stand it, could you? She was dancing with another man and you were jealous. That's why you killed her. I'm arresting you for murder."

Firni and the other girls came there and cried out in shock when they saw what was happening. Firni lifted Serafina's head from Tom's lap and Tom was roughly pulled up by Serbius. Serbius's men quickly tied Tom's hands behind his back and marched him away. Tom looked up to see John's eyes on him. John's head dropped as if he couldn't meet Tom's eyes.

Paradise Island Ch. 07
byasitsn©

It has been a really long time since I posted the previous chapter of Paradise Island. I moved jobs and became really busy and the muse just left me. Thanks to everybody who kept sending me emails to carry on writing the story. Without those emails, I wouldn't have found it in me to restart writing. Hopefully, the next chapter won't be so long in the writing!

-------------------

It's best to go back and read the previous chapters. If you don't want to, here's a brief summary:

Paradise Island is a tropical island in the south seas. It is very isolated from the rest of the world and is divided into five estates. Some trace elements in the soil of the island skew the population so that twice as many girls are born as boys. The girls are also quite beautiful and 'feminine'. The head of the estate has complete control of all the people on his estate.

Tom's sister Jill has recently been widowed. She had been married to the head of the Fontana estate and she suspected Serbius of murdering him. Serbius wants to take over the Fontana estate and Jill asked Tom to come over and take over as the head of the Fontana estate. Tom came over, enjoys himself with several girls and gets engaged to Macy - the previous Fontana head's sister. However, the council doesn't agree to Tom taking over as the head and asks him to leave with Jill and Macy once they are married. Before they get married, Tom is framed for the murder of Serafina - one of the girls on his estate..

--------------------

Tom looked up in a desultory fashion when the guard came in and announced visitors. There was no specific prison in Paradise Island and he had been held in the Council building with a few guards.

Jill and Macy came in. He had been sitting listless and wan and Macy came running into his arms. He held her without any great force. His sister Jill said, "Tom, you've got to buck up. All of our lives are at stake here. You cannot just sit quietly while they railroad you into a murder charge. We know you couldn't possibly have killed Serafina and you have to prove it to everybody."

Tom looked in surprise at his sister at her angry tone. Slowly, some of her anger seeped into him as well. He became more aware of his fiancee's body in his arms. He held her more tightly and smiled grimly at Jill. "You are right!" he told Jill, "We've got to find the bastard who killed Serafina and make sure Macy and I get married, so we can all leave the island."

"I have to tell you something else," said Jill, "We just heard last night that Dad is dead."

"Pa! dead?" said Tom looking shocked.

"Yes," said Jill, "I'm leaving now to go home. The council agreed that I could leave the island and go to Mom immediately. The boat leaves in half an hour. It's bad timing but Mom needs me more."

Tom shook his head.

"It never rains but it pours!" he thought.

Aloud, he said, "You are right. Your place is by Mom now. Don't worry about me. Macy and I'll sort out this charge here and come out and meet you back home."

He disengaged himself from Macy and stood up. He hugged Jill and kissed her lightly on the forehead.

"We'll keep you informed of developments here," he said. Jill nodded and left.

Tom sat down again and took Macy's dainty hands in his larger hands. His keen lawyer's mind had started ticking again. "Find out what Serbius was doing in the days leading up to the mid-summer party and who he was with. It wasn't a coincidence that he was so conveniently around to accuse me as soon as Serafina was knifed."

Macy nodded. They hugged and kissed until it was time for Macy to leave.

The council met two days later and Tom was called in. He looked around past the guards' shoulders. The room was crowded and there was a large contingent from his own estate. He recognized several girls that he had fucked and more that he hadn't. Tom realized with a pang that even if he beat the rap, he'd still have to leave Paradise Island in a few days and the days of masterful debauchery would be just a memory.

The five council members (including Macy who was representing the Fontana estate) sat in the front of the dock. Tom was seated in a chair and four men stood guard round him. Serbius was seated in the front row of the audience, looking very pleased. As the senior council member, Lukid called the room to order and asked the prosecutor to start his work.

The prosecutor, a dry old-ish looking man, gave a brief outline of events leading up to Serafina's knifing. Tom raised no objections as the case was laid out against him. Several witnesses were called who testified that they had seen Tom looking angry when Serafina danced with other men. Another witness, a girl from the Fontana estate, testified that Tom had pulled Serafina out of the unknown man's hands and the next thing they knew was that Serafina was on the ground with clutching her stomach and bleeding.

Tom stood up and looked at the girl carefully. He remembered her as the girl who had served him breakfast a couple of times. He remembered the feel of her bottom in his hands as he had felt her up while she was bent at the waist serving Jill or Macy. He had even felt her tits - smallish but with very perky and sensitive nipples - when she bent in front of him while serving him. He smiled at her and the girl blushed. Tom suddenly remembered her name.

"Marie," he asked, "Did you see me stab Serafina?"

"No Sir," she replied.

"Thank you, Marie," Tom said and added, "No more questions."

It was now Tom's turn to lay the case for the defence.

He called for Firni to be his first witness.

"Firni, did you dress me on the day of the murder?" Tom asked when she was seated and sworn in.

"Yes Sir," she replied.

"Was there a knife on me?" he asked.

"No Sir," she replied, "There was no knife on you at all."

"Thank you, Firni"

Tom let her off the stand.

He looked at her back and remembered how he had fucked Firni and Serafina in a menage-a-trois (his first) the day after he had landed on Paradise Island. He shook his head and concentrated on the task at hand.

Tom called out, "My next witness is Serbius."

There was a stir in the courtroom as everybody looked at Serbius in surprise. Serbius himself looked astonished.

Once Serbius was ready, Tom asked him, "Serbius, why were you at the Fontana estate's mid-summer party?"

"Why?" asked Serbius looking perplexed.

He had clearly not anticipated Tom's question and was wondering where this was leading.

"Yes, why? You were not invited to the party. Didn't you have any friends at your own estate's party?" Tom teased.

A titter passed through the courtroom and Serbius became angry. This was exactly the reaction Tom was hoping for. If he could get the witness angry, he'd reveal more than if he was carefully controlled.

Serbius sat silent for a tense few seconds and before Tom could open his mouth, a voice called out from the back of the courtroom, "I know why he was there. He knew the murder was going to be committed and he wanted to be there to pull Tom down."

Everybody, including the council, turned to the voice. It was John, Lukid's nephew and heir. He walked down the aisle to the dock and bowed to the council.

John said, "I know this is irregular, but I'd like to present some evidence that I've gathered."

Lukid waved at him to continue. Obviously, trials on Paradise Island were run far more informally than back home.

John turned and said loudly, "Bring them in!"

Several men and women from the Fontana and Lukid households came in, surrounding a group of foreigners. Tom glanced at Serbius. Serbius was looking panicky and darting quick glances at the exits. He caught Macy's eye and glanced meaningfully at the doors. She caught on and with a sign, stationed guards on all the doors.

Meanwhile John pushed one of the guys forward and said, "We caught him with the murder weapon. He's confessed that he killed Serafina. Serbius promised him and his mates gold and several Fontana women as mistresses once Serbius became the head of the Fontana estate."

A slow growl swept through the courtroom as they digested John's statement. They were not angry about the gold or even the murder but about promising Paradisian women to outsiders as payment. That contradicted the duty of the heads of estate to look after his women. The head of the estate could enjoy all the women he wanted and they accepted that. That did not mean they were slaves who could be sent where they did not want to go - especially to foreigners.

"Lies! All lies!" screamed Serbius.

"I have proof," John said and took out a battery powered tape recorder. Most of the people in the courtroom had never seen such a device and didn't know what it was. They looked at it suspiciously. John pressed a button and Serbius's voice boomed out.

"I'm not going to give up. I mean to become head of Fontana and make those two stuck-up bitches grovel in front of me. Sam, you and your guys will be well rewarded. I've already given you half the money and the other half will be given once you kill one of the girls with that guy and frame him for it. Once I become the chief, you can each select three girls of your choice from the serving women to be your play things. Those girls will show you what paradise is!"

Serbius's laugh cackled out and John pressed another button and stopped the player.

John said, "There's no honour among thieves. They wanted to be sure you'd not renege on the deal once they did their work. That's why they secretly recorded your conversation."

With a snarl, Serbius took out a knife from a hidden pocket and jumped at Tom. Instinctively, Tom grabbed Serbius's wrists, desperately trying to stop the knife from reaching his throat. Tom was no match for Serbius in his maniacal state. The knife slowly reached Tom's throat.

John and a couple of his friends recovered from their shock and jumped on Serbius's back, pulling at his upper arms. It became very confused after that. Serbius fell down and John and his friends fell with Serbius. They rolled around for a few seconds before a scream rang out and they were all still. John and his friends slowly stood up, bleeding from nicks and scratches. Serbius however remained on the ground, the knife deep in his chest. The knife had slipped in between the ribs straight into the heart and there was surprisingly little bleeding.

The courtroom was cleared and Tom was sent back to the little office which served as his cell. An hour later, Macy and John came in and told him he had been cleared of the murder charge.

Macy gave him a quick hug and said, "I've got to go back to the council. We are discussing something even more important!"

Tom frowned as Macy walked away, wondering what was that important.

Tom thanked John for his help and John shrugged deprecatingly, "It was your idea to concentrate on Serbius."

They went out of the building. Several of John's men and Fontana men came and congratulated him. Somebody brought out a tambourine and started playing. Some women joined them and they started dancing together in the shade of the trees. Tom did not join them. He just sat on a stone platfrom surrounding a large tree looking at the dancing people and savouring his freedom. John stayed with him in companionable silence.

A council official came out and asked Tom and John to go into the council meeting. When Tom and John walked in, they were directed to two seats at the council table. Lukid cleared his throat, "After a lot of discussion, we've decided that Tom is the best person to head the Fontana estate once he marries Macy."

Tom's jaw dropped in surprise and John gave a whoop of delight. Macy was smiling widely and clapped her hands. Lukid waited until there was silence and said, "It has also been decided that blood relatives should not hold more than one house simultaneously."

Tom and John were both stunned. No wonder Serbius's father and brother were looking stormy. One of them would have to give up their house.

Lukid then turned to Tom and held out his hand. Tom took it and they shook hands. Lukid said, "Welcome aboard, Tom. I'd like you to marry Macy as soon as possible, preferably within a day or two. I want to settle this whole matter and put it behind us."

Lukid sighed and suddenly looked old. The whole affair had been a big shock to him.

Tom, Macy and the whole contingent of Fontana members returned home in high spirits. Tom and Macy immediately went to the communications room and called up Jill.

"Hi Sis! How's mom?" asked Tom when he heard Jill's voice.

"Tom! You are free!" shrieked Jill.

"And not just free, Jill. It's official. Tom will be the head of the Fontana household as soon as we get married," said Macy over his shoulder.

"Wow! That's great news. I can't wait to get back to Paradise Island," said Jill.

"Unfortunately we have to be married in the next day or two," said Macy.

"Oh No! I don't want to miss the wedding!" wailed Jill.

"HOW'S MOM?" Tom almost shouted interrupting the conversation between his sister and his fiancee.

"Don't shout, Tom. Remember, you are not yet the head of the house", said Jill. Tom could almost imagine his sister wagging her finger. He snorted and Jill relented, "Mom's taken it quite well. Apparently, mom and dad had led quite separate lives in the last few years and mom's not too grief stricken."

"Oh!" said Tom. He hadn't really thought about his mom and dad's marriage in any great depth and this was news to him.

"It'll take me a couple of weeks to sort out all the stuff here before I can make it back there. Have a wonderful wedding and I may have a surprise for you," said Jill.

"Surprise?" asked Tom.

Jill said, "Surprise. May have."

They signed off after Macy and Jill had another animated conversation about the wedding. Tom wanted to talk to his mother, but Jill said she was out.

Tom and Macy decided to get married the next day and make it a very simple affair. They sent invitations to a very few of Macy's friends and to the four heads of houses. The heads of houses declined but sent representatives. Lukid sent John in his stead even though John had also been invited as a friend.

Tom wanted a quiet night and went to bed on his own. The next day dawned bright and three giggling girls woke up Tom. They were all wearing the short cotton shifts that revealed their legs and moulded their boobs. They helped Tom with his ablutions and Tom helped himself to their willing bodies. He cupped their tits and bottoms. He pulled them close and kissed them. He pinched their nipples and thrust his fingers into their cunts. The women seemed to enjoy his attentions as much as he did. He was rock hard and the girls took turns feeling his cock. However, he did not fuck any of the girls. He was getting married this day and he wanted it to be just Macy today.

When they finally took off his clothes, his twitching cock stood at ninety degrees to his body. One of the girls immediately dropped to her knees and took it in her mouth. The warm, wet feeling almost overwhelmed Tom and he was tempted to let the girl continue her blow job. He stopped himself in time and asked the girl to get up. The three women were very astonished when he asked them to just give him his bath without any hanky-panky. The three girls clothes got wet and transparent and it took a long time for his erection to come down.

By tradition, Tom and Macy were not allowed to meet all day and the wedding commenced in the evening. All the heads of houses' sent gifts. The gifts included several nubile girls from each house along with material things. Tom's eyes widened in delight when Lukid's gift turned out to include Esha. Esha was a pretty Fontana girl with a wonderful, firm bust topped by sensitive nipples that were not too big or too small. Her bottom was quite shapely too. Tom had given her as a gift to Lukid when she was a virgin after fucking her in the ass. She was now coming back. Tom looked forward to putting his hands on her magnificent tits and then felt guilty about thinking such thoughts with his beautiful bride standing next to him. If he asked, however, Macy would be the first person to disrobe Esha and help him ravish her.

Finally, the guests left and Tom and Macy went to the nuptial room that had been made ready for them. Both of them felt impatient to consummate their marriage. Macy would have let him take her a long time ago, but Tom had insisted that he wanted to take her virginity only on their wedding night. When they entered the nuptial room, Tom saw a big, round bed surrounded by lots of candles. The room was filled with white tropical flowers giving off a musky fragrance. Macy noticed that the three girls who had given him a bath in the morning were waiting to serve them. They helped Tom and Macy take off their clothes. Tom's cock hardened rapidly when he saw Macy's beautiful body revealed. She was a tall, willowy girl with a slim waist and long legs. Her boobs were not as big as some others' that he had seen but they were at least a C-size and they were very firm. Her butt was rounded and flared delightfully from her slim waist. Tom noticed that Macy's pussy hair had been carefully trimmed. There was no hair on her pussy lips and a carefully delineated strip above her pussy.

Macy saw Tom's hot stare on her body and dropped her eyes. Her glance fell on his rampant cock and she blushed furiously. Tom rapidly closed the distance between them and took Macy in his arms. His cock lay like a steel rod across her belly and Macy's boobs were crushed against Tom's broad chest. Tom's arms encircled Macy at the waist and her arms snaked round his neck. Tom's face dipped and Macy's face upturned to look at him. Their open mouths met in an hard kiss. Tom's tongue darted out into Macy's mouth. After a brief pause, Macy's tongue met his in a hot duel. Tom's right hand came up from her waist to the back of her head. He gripped her head and pushed it harder against his mouth. Macy's hands tightened further round his neck. The kiss went on and on. Tom's left hand dropped from Macy's waist to her ass. He squeezed his wife's ass gently and pushed it against his groin. Macy was moaning against his mouth. Tom closed his eyes and gave himself to his sense of touch.

Suddenly, he felt a pair of boobs crushed against his back and a hand gently fondling his dangling balls. He broke the kiss with a jerk and separated from Macy. He saw that the three girls who had helped him and Macy undress were still in the room. They were nude as well.

"What?" cried Tom, looking confused.

Macy put her hand on his arm and said, "Tom, I am a virgin and not experienced. I did not want our wedding night to be a disappointment to you, so I asked them to stay on and help me."

She looked so worried that Tom laughed. "My dear darling bride! I love you and there's no way this night will be a disappointment. I want this night to be just the two of us."

Turning to the three girls, he said, "Off you go!"

The girls waited until Macy nodded and prepared to leave. Tom saw their boobs bouncing as they curtsied to him and one of them turned round and bent at the waist to pick up her dress. He saw her pussy peeping out from below her butt. As they were going off, he couldn't resist adding, "Come back tomorrow morning and if I've any energy left, I'll fuck you all." They glanced back and left with a laugh.

Tom turned to Macy and whispered, "Alone, at last!"

He led her to the bed and laid her on it. Tom stretched himself next to Macy and lay on his side propping himself on his left elbow. Tom lay the palm of his right hand on Macy's flat stomach. He slowly glided his hand up to her left tit and squeezed it gently. At the same time he bent his head towards her and started kissing her. Macy squirmed under his hand with excitement. Her tongue came out to meet his in a glad duel. Tom moved his hand to her other boob and squeezed it as well. The firm yet velvety soft feel of her boobs was heavenly. He circled his index finger on her brown rippled aureole and pinched her erect nipple between his finger and thumb.

Macy moaned into his mouth and twisted to her side and moved her right thigh onto his. She was rubbing her leg up and down Tom's trying to get some relief from the unfamiliar feelings welling up in her pussy. Tom moved his hand from her boobs down her side and on to her ass. He took a handful of her ass-cheek and squeezed. He gave her ass a not-so-light smack and squeezed her ass again. Macy was going mad with desire and Tom spanked her bare ass again.

"Please.. Please..," moaned Macy.

Tom raised himself from Macy and gently pushed her on to her back. He took a closer look at her pussy and moved his fingers down her stomach, over the strip of her pubic hair and down the lips of her pussy - now wet and hot with desire. At one stage in his journey, his fingers rubbed over her clitoris and Macy gave a shudder and unconciously opened her legs wider, giving Tom a better view and access to her virgin charms.

Tom concentrated on her clit. He rubbed his thumb upwards over her wet pussy lips, now open with desire. His thumb opened the sheath over the little nub of pink flesh and he rubbed his thumb slowly on Macy's clit. She shuddered and moaned with desire. Her legs opened even wider and she was now fully exposed to her husband. A couple of seconds rubbing later, she gripped Tom tightly and arched her chest out and hung her neck back - eyes looking out unfocussed with desire. She was shuddering as the first orgasm of her married life overcame her. Long seconds later, she collapsed, sweat beading her forehead and the valley of her cleavage. Her pussy was dripping wet and radiating heat onto Tom's hand.

Tom's own cock was rock hard and he wanted to plunge it into his new wife's willing cunt. He controlled himself and concentrated on Macy. While his thumb was rubbing her clit, he opened his hand over soft pussy, rubbing her cunt lips with the ball of his palm. His fingers extended out and his index finger slipped into Macy's cunt. He pushed his finger in, until it came to the obstruction of her hymen and then pulled out and pushed back in, finger fucking her with shallow strokes. Macy was moaning again, oblivious to anything but her feelings. Tom removed his finger from her cunt. It was shining wet with her juices. Before Macy realised what was happening, he pushed it into her ass hole upto his knuckle. Macy screamed and came again shuddering with delight. This time, she had multiple orgasms - one rolling into the next for over a minute.

Tom finally pulled his finger out of her glory hole and Macy slowly came down from her high. She looked at Tom with wide eyes and pulled him into a hard kiss. Tom willingly reciprocated and taking his hand off her pussy, he raised it to her tits, squeezing and playing with them while kissing her mouth in a deep french kiss.

Macy lay back on the bed and brought her feet closer to her bottom raising her knees off the mattress. She opened her knees wide exposing her virgin pussy and said, "Tom, please.. I don't want to wait anymore."

Tom couldn't resist any longer either. He raised himself and then lowered himself over Macy covering her body with his own. His rigid cock was sticking straight out and made first contact with Macy's body as he slowly lowered himself. Tom adjusted himself until his cock touched Macy's pussy lips and lowered himself even more. His cock couldn't get the right angle until Macy reached out with her dainty right hand and guided it into her cunt.

Macy's cunt was slick with her juices and Tom's cock slid easily in. Macy's virgin teenage cunt sheathed Tom's cock like a warm velvet glove and Tom gave a grunt at the lovely feeling. His chest came in contact with Macy's and he flattened her tits. Her hard nipples bored twin holes into his broad chest. He pushed his pelvis slowly but steadily into hers, driving his cock slowly into her cunt. Tom's cock reached the obstruction in Macy's virgin cunt and he stopped. Tom looked into Macy's eyes and could see desire warring with apprehension.

"Relax, Macy. It'll pain just a bit but after that you'll be all mine," said Tom.

Macy nodded and said, "Yes, Tom. Go ahead. Take me, Tom."

Tom lowered his head and kissed her gently on the lips. Her mouth opened and let his tongue in. Tom slipped his tongue into her hot mouth and started playing with her tongue. Macy forgot her apprehensions and Tom took the opportunity to push his cock all the way into Macy's cunt, tearing her hymen.

Macy gave a small scream and Tom immediately started thrusting his cock in and out of her cunt like a piston. He thrust his cock all the way in until his pubic bone ground against hers and then he withdrew his cock almost all the way out until just his tip remained inside and then repeated it again and again. Pleasure soon overcame pain for Macy and she gripped her arms tight round Tom. She raised her feet and twined them round Tom's waist. She raised her ass off the mattress to meet Tom's downward thrusts. Tom was in heaven. Macy's cunt gripped Tom's cock tightly, but the lubrication of her juices enabled Tom to move quickly in and out of her. He could feel the heat of her desire round his cock. He was almost coming but he concentrated hard to avoid coming too soon.

Not long after, Macy gave a shriek and started shuddering in a long climax. Her cunt contracted and expanded round his cock and set him off. He moaned and thrust his cock all the way into her cunt and stayed there. His twitching cock sprayed enormous amounts of cum into Macy's womb.

Tom and Macy remained entwined round each other long after they both came. Tom's cock slowly deflated but still remained inside Macy's cunt. Some of his cum dribbled out and went down Macy's thigh and onto the mattress, but they didn't notice it. Several minutes later, Tom gave Macy a peck on her cheek.

"How was that?" asked Tom.

"Wonderful! Like nothing else!" said Macy.

Tom laughed at her enthusiasm, "It will get even better as we get to know each other's bodies."

Macy replied, "Wow! I don't believe it can get any better! If it did, I couldn't bear it."

Tom smiled fondly at his new wife and kissed her gently on the mouth. Soon, her mouth opened under his lips and he was able to slip his tongue in. Macy's tongue came out to greet the intruder and the two tongues played a duel. Slowly, Tom tightened his arms round Macy, almost crushing her to his chest. Macy tightened her cunt muscles and gave Tom's cock a squeeze. Tom's cock immediately rose to life and they could both feel it expanding and filling Macy's cunt.

Macy moaned in delight and squeezed Tom's cock in short pulses. Tom's cock loved the feeling and was soon as hard as it had ever been. Tom started fucking his wife for the second time. Macy raised her knees and opened her legs wider than they already were and Tom lay straight over her covering her body and his hard cock plunged into Macy's warm centre. He continued kissing her mouth and started moving his hips in alternate shallow and deep strokes. He fucked Macy slowly, enjoying the feel of her silken body against his. After fucking Macy slowly for several minutes, Tom removed his cock completely from Macy. Macy raised her hips off the bed to keep him inside her and her mouth made a moue of disappointment as she felt Tom's cock withdrawing from her womb.

Tom laughed when he saw Macy's face. He kissed her on the forehead and rose from her.

"Get on your knees and elbows," he said.

Macy immediately turned around and got on all fours. Her firm breasts hung down in a lovely conical shape with her hard nipples jutting out. She kept the small of her back low and stuck her ass out, giving Tom a lovely view of her pussy peeping out from between her thighs and her other hole winking between the twin globes of her ass.

Tom felt memerized by the lovely sight of his wife on all fours. He ran a hand along her calf and up her thigh. As he reached the middle of her thigh, he moved his hand to her inner thigh. Macy's skin felt silken and he could feel the heat radiating from her pussy. He slowly moved his hand up her inner thigh until it touched the soft folds of her labia. He ran a finger along her slit, scraping her clit and making Macy moan. His finger continued until it found the entrance to her cunt. Tom slowly fed his finger inside her love channel. Her juices lubricated his finger making it very easy to slide all the way in. He sawed his finger in and out and turned it to touch the walls of her womb. He touched her G-spot by accident and Macy tightened her muscles round his finger. Tom could see Macy's entire body shuddering in a climax and he immediately realised that he had found her G-spot. He spent a little while concentrating there and Macy's orgasms kept rolling.

He slowly withdrew his finger and ran it up her perineum until it touched her anus. Macy gave a squeak and Tom slowly pressed his finger into her tight hole. The lubrication of her juices on his finger helped and soon it was in, upto the knuckle. Her ass felt different from her pussy. It was tighter, much tighter but just as warm. He moved his finger in and out a few times, knowing that he would definitely fuck his wife in the ass - and soon.

He took his finger out and gazed at Macy's beautiful bottom. He couldn't resist giving her a quick spank. Macy's white skin showed the red imprint of his hand. Tom spanked the other cheek turning it red. Macy closed her eyes and clenched her sphincter muscles. She was very close to coming again. She felt deliciously submissive to her masterful husband. He gave her so much pleasure. She only hoped that she was giving him equal pleasure. After all, she wasn't very experienced. Macy decided that whatever Tom wanted, she would make sure he got it. She didn't have a choice about obeying him, because he was the master of the house but this went deeper. She really and truly, from the bottom of her heart, felt that Tom was her master and that his pleasure would be the sole aim of her life.

Tom stopped spanking her and moved closer to his wife. He felt like a stud horse covering a brood mare. His hard cock was sticking out and he guided it in. Tom gripped Macy's waist and pushed himself into her exposed cunt. He pushed his cock in until he was stopped by the round globes of her ass. Macy felt more stuffed than she had ever felt in her life. She could feel Tom's cock all the way upto her cervix and she gave it a friendly squeeze with her cunt muscles. Tom groaned and his hands tightened on her ass. He fell forward and moved his hands round her body onto her boobs. He fondled her tits, groping them, squeezing them, pinching her nipples and pulling at them to make them more prominent than they already were. At the same time, his hips started moving in a rhythm as he started fucking his wife doggy fashion in earnest. Her round bottom felt wonderful against his groin each time he drove his cock all the way in.

He fucked her tight cunt for a long time. He twisted his fingers in her hair and turned her head round. Reaching forward, he started kissing her on the mouth. She eagerly opened her mouth and slipped her tongue into his mouth. Soon, her body collapsed onto the bed. He stayed inside her and lay over her. He pushed her legs together and her cunt tigtened considerably round his cock. Her wetness enabled him to continue moving in and out. Soon, Tom felt his balls boiling and plunged all the way into her and stayed inside. His cock exploded and he sprayed cum inside her womb triggering Macy's own climax.

They fell asleep in each other's arms.

Tom had a delicious dream. In his dream, two women were kissing and licking his nipples. A third woman was sucking his rigid pole. She slid her lips over his cock and kept going down and down until he was all the way in her mouth and into her throat. She was deep-throating him! Her mouth rose up until just the head of his cock was inside her. She wrapped her tongue round his cock and then moved it over its tip. She then took him deeper into her mouth and out again. Meanwhile, the girls at his chest bit his nipples gently with their teeth. In his dream, Tom groaned and opened his eyes. Immediately, he realised that this was n't a dream. The three girls from last night were back and were using their mouths! Macy was sitting naked next to him watching them avidly.

"Wha.a.t?" croaked Tom, shocked into full wakefulness.

Macy smiled at him and leant forward, kissing him on the mouth. Tom was too stunned to respond. Meanwhile, the girl sucking his cock took him deep into her throat and probed his anus with her finger.

Tom closed his eyes and reaching past his young bride and the two other girls at his chest, he twisted his right hand into her long hair and did not let her move back. The girl was trapped with his cock in her throat. She had remarkable self-control and did not gag. Tom raised her head by pulling on her hair until his cock popped out of her mouth.

He sat up, scattering Macy and the girls. "What's going on?" he demanded.

"Tom, please don't be angry. I called them in because I wanted to be sure that you have an enjoyable wake-up," Macy pleaded. Tom could see her eyes brimming with sudden tears. How could any man remain angry when faced with four beautiful naked girls and one of them was his one-day old bride?

Tom laughed and patted Macy's head as if she were a little girl. "My dear Macy," he said, "you were fantastic last night. I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of last night. However, I'm going to fuck these girls because you called them in and I don't want you to think that I'm angry!"

He motioned to the three girls - whose names he didn't even know - and asked them to get on all fours in a row. He and Macy soon sat behind a row of bums. Tom could see three pussies peeping out from three sets of thighs. Two of the pussies were bare and the third had a light covering of hair. All three had swollen pussy lips. Three other holes were visible as well, looking tight and inviting to be reamed.

Tom raised his right hand and felt the warm contours of the rounded derrieres' in front of him. Moving from cheek to cheek, he occassionally rubbed his finger into the girls' slits and over their clits. He hugged Macy with his left hand and covered one of her big boobs with his palm. As he rubbed the girls' bums and cunts, he fondled his wife's breast, squeezing it and rolling the nipple between his thumb and fore-finger. Macy moaned and reached out with her hand and started caressing his cock gently. She was getting very hot looking at the intimate way her husband was playing with her friends.

Tom suddenly raised his hand and gave a smart smack to the rightmost girl. The girl squeaked in surprise before controlling herself. Her ass cheek turned red with the imprint of Tom's open hand. Tom then spanked the other two girls as well and then felt their cunts. The girls were wet! Macy's nipples stood erect and her mouth was open with desire. Tom grinned and letting go of Macy, he moved behind the first girl on his knees. Holding his cock in his hand, he directed it into her cunt. He went deep in with a strong stroke and the girl gasped and pushed back at him. He quickly touched bottom and withdrew his cock almost out of her cunt and proceeded to give her a rapid fuck. Half a minute later, he withdrew from her and moved on to the next girl. This time his cock went in even more smoothly because he was wet with the juices of the first girl. The first girl moaned in frustration and pushed her hips back trying to find his cock. Tom grinned and spanked her even as he started fucking the second girl. He suddenly felt Macy close behind him rubbing her boobs on his back and grinding her pussy into his behind. He reached behind with his left hand and squeezed her ass. He continued fucking the girl with rapid strokes. Soon he pushed Macy a bit away from him and exited the second girl's cunt. He moved on to the third girl and fucked her as well.

He withdrew from the third girl knowing that he would blow his load soon. The three cunts all felt wonderful but they were each subtly different - their depth, tightness and their wetness were not all the same. The girls' asses felt different against his legs as well. The girl in the middle had the best ass - really rounded and firm, yet soft against him as he fucked her. He moved to her and pointed his wet cock at her anus and pushed in before the girl realised what was happening. He had the head of his cock inside her ass before she reacted. Her ass was really tight and very different from the three cunts he had just plowed. He stopped moving and gently stroked her ass cheeks until the girl relaxed. Tom pushed again until some more of his cock went in. He stopped and relaxed her again. When she relaxed, he pushed hard until he was totally inside her tight, virgin ass. The girl's ass enveloped his cock in a tight, hot sheath and he fell over her back and reached under her to squeezed her tits. He started fucking her ass slowly, hanging on to her tits. She was carrying all his upper body weight. The girl's eyes were closed and she was moaning with desire. Tom took her nipples between his thumb and finger and pinched hard while picking up the pace of his fucking.

"Oh baby, you are so tight!" he moaned.

"Mmmm.. Fuck me, fuck me hard," groaned the girl.

"Yes, Yes," he screamed, revelling in the tightness of her ass.

He suddenly felt something warm and wet on his balls and looked over his shoulder in surprise. Macy was kneeling behind him and had started licking his balls. This pushed him over the edge.

"That's fantastic.. Oh yes!" he screamed as his balls tightened and he started shooting his cum into the girl's tight ass.

That set off the girl. "Yes, Yes, Yesssss," she screamed as she started cumming as well. Her sphincter muscles tightened squeezing every last drop of his semen into her bowels.

She fell forward and he fell on top of her, his cock still stuck in her ass. He deflated slowly and rolled over. He was tired! Macy and the other girls were not tired, however and the day had just begun.

Paradise Island Ch. 08
byasitsn©

Many readers have emailed their feedback to me and I am very grateful to them all. I'm sorry that the last two episodes were written with such large gaps, but I hope you've enjoyed the series. Thank you all for your support.

If you haven't read the earlier episodes, check them out first. It'll make more sense that way. Don't forget to vote and or give me feedback.

---------

The first few weeks of Tom's married life were incredibly sweet. Macy's sexuality was deepening as the virgin bride slowly shed her inhibitions, guided by a delighted Tom. Tom was also incredibly relaxed - he had been confirmed as the head of the Fontana household but he had not yet taken up active duty on the council.

He would get up in the morning to birds chirping on the cool morning breeze and a girl sucking his morning-hard cock. Sometimes, it was Macy sucking him and sometimes one of the other women. Tom would lie back revelling in the warm, wet feeling of the girl's mouth round his hard cock. He would keep his eyes closed so he could enjoy the sensations better as the girl - whoever it was - slowly took his long cock into her mouth and then pulled back using her tongue on the head of his cock. He often wondered what he had done to deserve such luck. As the girl sucked longer, he would move closer to his orgasm and reach out to the head between his legs and twist his fingers in the girl's hair. Tom would normally open his eyes at this point and fuck the girl's mouth, holding her head still and jerking his hips up and down until he spurted his cum into the girl's mouth. The girl would swallow his cum and look up at him smiling. Tom would normally pull her off his cock by her hair and drag her over his body for a hard kiss.

After his morning ablutions and a bath helped by two or three lovelies, he would go in for breakfast with Macy - usually fruit, served by girls in short dresses who didn't mind where he looked or touched. After breakfast, he would take Macy for a horse ride through the tropical woods. They would usually end up making love somewhere along the ride before returning home.

Lunch was followed by a siesta - accompanied by Macy and one or two other girls. John would visit sometimes and they would go to the beach with some girls and have a barbecue and everybody would swim in the warm tropical waters and much horse-play would occur. After a few weeks of this indolent, if blissful, lifestyle, Tom started taking on more interest in the running of the Fontana household. He discovered that agriculture and fishing were the main sources of wealth. He met some of the young men on his estate and sent them to university off the island - mainly to study engineering. He went out on some of the fishing voyages with some of the men of his estate and found that some of them had good ideas to improve the boats. He got them working on the improvements.

He soon received a message from his sister Kate that she was returning back to the island. She had gone back home to help her mother after their father had died unexpectedly. Both Macy and Tom looked forward to Kate's return and couldn't wait to see her again.

The days ticked away and finally, it was the day of Kate's return. Tom and Macy both went down to the docks to wait for Kate's boat. Tom remembered how he himself had landed at these docks just a few months ago. He had almost refused Kate's invitation to Paradise Island and wondered what his life would have been if he had never come here. Would he still be working long hours at a law firm? Would he still be ecstatic if a woman showed a passing interest in him? Accepting Kate's invitation was definitely the best decision he had made in his life. He looked at his young wife by his side and smiled happily. He wouldn't have met this lovely lady if he hadn't come to Paradise Island.

In a little while they saw the boat on the horizon and it soon grew bigger and bigger as it came closer. As the boat docked, they saw Kate jumping up and down on the bow, waving at them in excitement. As soon as the ladder was in place, Tom went aboard and hugged Kate. A delighted Kate hugged him back and looked up at him with, staring into his eyes.

"He's matured.. the boyishness is gone," she thought. "A murder trial would change anyone. He's much more comfortable with his role now."

She hugged her brother back fiercely and reached up to give him a big kiss. John's arms tightened round her as their lips melted into each other. John's tongue probed her lips. Kate opened her mouth and gave a moan as their tongues touched in a sweet dance. John's left his left hand round his sister's waist and dropped his right hand to her ass. He cupped her lovely firm bottom , roaming his palm all over. Kate's waist ground hard into her brother's groin. The feel of his hard cock against her melting pussy produced another moan even though there were several layers of cloth between her pussy and his cock. They separated after a long kiss and Kate left him to rush squealing into Macy's arms.

Tom looked up smiling and froze in shock. His mum had just come out of the cabin! There was no way she had missed the way Kate and he had shared a very non-platonic homecoming. Tom was surprised to see that she did not look angry or upset. In fact, she looked unsure. Tom finally recovered enough to go up and greet her with a kiss on her cheek when Kate and Macy came up behind him. Kate introduced Macy to her mother-in-law and the three ladies started hugging and talking to each other, ignoring Tom. After a few moments, he shrugged and went to talk to the captain.

Soon, they were off the boat and back in the Fontana house. Tom managed to get Kate on her own and guided her into a secluded room.

"Why did you bring Mom?" he asked.

"Didn't you want to see her?" she replied, acting innocent.

"Of course, I wanted to see her," he replied fiercely, "but how is she going to take the situation here?"

"Don't worry, little brother!" Kate replied, stroking his cheek. "I've explained the situation to her and she doesn't mind. She is quite thrilled that you are the head of the household. She loves the fact that her son has so many women to please him!"

"What about us? Does she know that?" Tom asked.

"Yes. She doesn't mind. She thinks that after my husband died, you are the best thing to happen to me."

Looking at his still-doubtful face, Kate said, "Truly, Tom.. Don't worry about Mum. You are the head of the household and she is cool with that."

They rejoined the others and went in for dinner. After dinner, Tom went out on the verandah in the gathering tropical darkness. The surf hitting the beach could be heard in the distance. Crickets could be heard in the woods and the musky night-queen's fragrance filled the air. His mother came and stood next to him.

"It's lovely, isn't it?" she said.

"Beautiful.." replied Tom. Suddenly, overcome by emotion, he turned and hugged her tightly. His mum was surprised and stiff at first, but she slowly relaxed and melted into his embrace. They stood like that for a while and surprisingly, Tom's cock started to stir. He quickly let her out of his arms and kissed her on the forehead.

"I love you, Mom."

"I love you too, son."

"I know you are the head of the household here, Tom. I also know what it means. Nobody deserves it more than you. I know that you will do a fantastic job and you are entitled to all the privileges that go with it," she said and went into the house looking for Kate and Macy.

Tom stayed on the balcony for a long time before he went in.

Macy and a couple of girls were waiting for him. They soon stripped his clothes off and one of the girls squatted down and took his cock into her mouth. She swallowed his cock totally in her mouth and ran her tongue round it. As his cock hardened and expanded, she slowly drew back until she had about three quarters of it in her mouth. Her soft lips formed a ring round his cock. Tom gave a grunt and pulled Macy into his arms. His hands went straight to her tits - fondling and squeezing them. He played with her nipples, rolling them round between his thumb and forefingers, occassionally squeezing and pulling them. Macy moaned and her hot mouth joined his in a deep kiss. The other girl squatted down behind Tom and separated his ass cheeks with her hands. She then licked his ring and made Tom almost blow his load. His hips bucked and almost gagged the girl fellating him. Macy's firm tits were squeezed roughly until Tom stopped himself and drew away from the three women.

He went to the bed and beckoned Macy. The sight of his tall, willowy wife sauntering to his bed was breathtaking. Her narrow waist flared into generous hips. Her flat stomach led to a trim pussy. Macy's generous tits stood proud and defiant against gravity. Her nipples were hard from his tweaking and her own excitement. Her generous lips were parted. She looked the very picture of a sex goddess. When she reached the bed, she climbed over him and straddled his waist. Her parted thighs opened her pussy like a flower and she slowly pressed herself against his erect hardness. She was already very wet and he slid into her like a hot knife in butter.

Macy gave a low moan and put her hands on his chest and threw her head back, arching her back. It took all of Tom's willpower to lay still, waiting to see what Macy would do. She slowly sank down until all of his cock was embedded into her cunt. Her cunt muscles contracted and expanded round his cock in cycles and suddenly Tom could take it no longer. He put his hands on her waist and started moving his hips up and down, fucking her urgently.

"Aaahhh! Oh my God.." moaned Macy.

"Yes, baby. Take that!" grunted Tom.

He swung her round without letting his cock out of her cunt and Macy was on her back with Tom on her. Regardless of the pleasures that other positions give you, sometimes there is nothing to beat the missionary position. Tom fucked his wife hard while she tightened her legs round his waist and raked his back in the throes of pleasure.

Such fierce fucking couldn't last long and it didn't. Macy started coming first, shouting, "Yes! Yes! Yes!"

She raised her hips to meet Tom's downward thrusts, driving his cock deeper than before. Her slick tunnel turned molten and set off Tom's climax. He crushed her lips in a heavy kiss without changing his rhythm and started shooting cum into her cunt. He shot loads and loads of cum, until it mingled with Macy's own juices and leaked out. Soon, he collapsed onto Macy, his cock still semi-hard and lodged inside her. His chest crushed Macy's tits and his face nuzzled her neck.

After a little while, he slipped off Macy and lay on his back.

"That was just wonderful, darling!" he said.

"Mmmmm.." agreed Macy.

They suddenly turned on their side towards each other and embraced and kissed. Even after the kiss finished, they remained in each other's arms. Tom threw one of his legs over Macy's hips. The candles went out and as the darkness gathered in, Tom drifted off to sleep.

Suddenly, he felt a hand caress his balls. He woke up in surprise and saw that Macy was asleep. Before he could disentangle himself from his wife and turn around, he felt lips on his spine, kissing him up from the base and slowly moving to the nape of his neck.

He soon realised that two women were involved because the hands fondling his balls did not let up even when the lips reached his hairline. He finally managed to free himself from Macy's arms and turned round. It was quite dark but he would know the woman anywhere.

"Kate!" he whispered, greeting his sister.

"Yes," was all she said, dropping her mouth to his in a kiss. He had really missed Kate all these days and he hugged her tightly, kissing her hard. Kate's mouth opened up to Tom and his tongue slipped into her mouth. His hands moved to her tits. He took her large boobs in his open palms and squeezed them. Her hard nipples poked into the middle of his palms.

Even in the middle of this kiss, he wondered who the other woman was. She had stopped playing with his balls and had taken his cock into her mouth. She was a really talented cock sucker, much better than most of the girls who serviced him. She took his semi-hard cock totally in her mouth and then slowly pulled her mouth up, withdrawing his cock through the tight O of her lips round his cock. She then used her tongue on the little pee-hole, exploring the sensitive area with the tip of her active tongue. By now his cock was hard. She then slipped his cock back into her mouth, going all the way down until her chin touched his balls and his cock hit the back of her throat. The woman had no gag-reflex at all.

Tom gave a grunt and jerked his hips up and the deep-throat never stopped. He kept kissing his sister but more than half his attention was on the other woman. She let go of his cock and straddled him facing his feet. Taking Tom's cock in her hands, she slowly let herself down, sinking it into her wet cunt. Once he was fully inside, she bent forward and held his feet and started fucking him. Tom pulled his sister up and made her straddle his mouth. Kate opened her legs wide to give him full access to her pussy. Tom placed his hands under Kate's bottom and moved her pussy into position and started licking it.

He started at the bottom and licked upwards, over the folds and a little bit inside her pink sheath and upwards still until he reached the little nubbin of her clit. As his tongue raked over her clit, Kate moaned with desire and opened her legs even wider. The noise woke up Macy. She didn't seem too surprised as she saw two women enjoying her husband right next to her. She slipped her hand between Tom's hands and poked a finger in Kate's anus. Kate shrieked and came copiously. If Tom hadn't been supporting her bottom, she would have collapsed. Her musky odour filled Tom's nostrils. His tongue concentrated on her clit, worrying the little nub out its hiding place. Macy's thumb slipped into Kate's cunt driving her deeper into ecstasy.

Meanwhile, Tom kept jerking his hips, pushing his cock in and out of the other woman's cunt. She was moving in time with him, taking the cock deep inside herself. She started coming and the contractions of her pussy, pushed him over the edge. He squeezed Kate's bottom in his hands and grunted as he pushed himself one last time into the warm cunt before he exploded. He shot a surprising amount of cum into the unknown woman's womb and slowly let go of Kate. She rolled away and Tom looked down at the woman he had been fucking. She was still hunched over him facing his feet.

She got up slowly and turned around and Tom's dark-adjusted eyes widened in surprise and shock.

"Mom!"

"Hi Son, you were wonderful!"

"How.." he spluttered, still not getting over the fact that he had just fucked his mother.

His mother stretched out besides him and kissed him lightly on the cheek.

"I love you," she said.

"I love you too, Mom" he said weakly.

He suddenly turned to Macy, "You knew!" he accused.

Macy grinned and said, "Of course. It is your right to take any woman in the Fontana household."

Tom grinned and fell asleep surrounded by his three favourite women. The next morning, as usual, he woke up to a warm mouth sucking his cock. He opened his eyes and saw his mother sleeping next to him. She was sleeping on her back and he saw her for the first time, clearly in the nude. Her breasts had a bit of sag and her tummy wasn't very flat but other than that she had a very good body. She must have been dreaming a pleasant dream because she had a smile on her face. Tom's eyes wandered over his mother's body down to her pussy. She had shaved most of her pubes and he could see her cunt-lips clearly. He suddenly felt the urge to fuck this woman who had given birth to him and twisted his fingers in Kate's hair and pulled her off his cock. He put his finger across her lips in a 'be-silent' sign and carefully rose and covered his mother making sure that he didn't touch any part of her body. Kate immediately understood and took his cock and pointed it at their mother's pussy.

His cock was slick from his sister's sucking and slid in easily into his mother's cunt. He slid deeply in with one stroke before his mother woke up with a start. Before she could say anything, he covered her mouth in a kiss and started fucking her. His mother's cunt became wet very quickly and she responded to his tongue in her mouth very passionately.

"Mmmmm.." she moaned against his lips.

Tom broke the kiss and closed his eyes, concentrating on the feel of his cock in his mother's warm and wet cunt.

"Mom.. That's lovely.. Yes!" he said.

"Yes, my son. Fuck me! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" she replied.

Meanwhile, Kate slipped her hand between his legs and gently stroked his balls. This, combined with the thought that he was fucking his mother pushed Tom over the edge and he came in a rush, exploding his cum into the same womb from which he had come out so long ago.

"Oh Yes, Mom.. That's so gooooood.." he cried.

His cock slowly shrank and he slipped out of his mother's arms and fell by her side. His sister immediately, dove between his mother's legs and started licking her cunt. His mother had just been on the edge when he had started coming, so she soon started climaxing with a wild cry.

Tom went out to take a leak and brush his teeth. Once this was finished, he went back into the bedroom to find Macy and his mom kissing each other. His sister was still between his mom's legs licking her cunt. He stood at the door looking at the sight. He moved over until he was directly behind his sister. She was on her knees and he could see her pussy and her lovely rounded ass with the hole opening and closing between the cheeks as she moved back and forth laving their mom's pussy. The sight hardened his cock and he moved in and placed his cock on her cunt. As soon as Kate felt her brother's cock at her cunt, she widened her legs to allow him an easier entry. Her brother took her with one stroke and the force of his entry pushed her mouth hard against her mother. The sudden pressure brought off her mother and she started coming copiously. Kate was now being thoroughly fucked by Tom. He spanked her ass cheeks and thrust his cock deep into her cunt. The spanks left red marks on her white cheeks. She couldn't see them but the rosy marks excited Tom even more and he continued fucking his sister hard.

Kate's face pressed harder and harder into her mother's cunt, muffling her own cries and grunts as her brother fucked her hard. Her mother gripped the sheets on the bed and pressed her thighs round Kate's ears. Kate couldn't be sure but it sounded as if her mother was screaming with pleasure. Tom pulled out of her cunt and Kate said, in disappointment, "Oh?"

Kate's mouth pulled a little out of her mother's cunt, but before her mother reacted, Kate was driven back into her mother's cunt.

Kate's mother screamed, "Oh! Yes, baby. Oh! Yes! Yes! Yes..."

Kate grunted half in pain and half in pleasure, "You bastard.. What are you doing? Oh, my god! Fuck! Fuck! Oooh! Fuck me!"

Tom had pulled out of Kate's cunt and then thrust his slick cock into her other hole. She had no idea of what was happening and before her anus winked shut, Tom was about a quarter of the way in. He grunted at the tight vice like grip of her ring round his cock. Tom stayed put with his cock and gently stroked her back until she relaxed. Tom then slid the rest of the way into her tight ass. He revelled in the tight, warm feel of her ass. Her rounded bum fitted into his thighs exquisitely. He slowly started stroking his cock in and out of his sister's ass hole. Once he had a nice rhythm going, he leaned forward and gripped his fist in Kate's hair and lifted her mouth out from their mother's cunt and twisting her round, kissed her hard on the mouth. Kate's face was smeared with their mom's juices and the smell drove Tom mad. He let go of her hair and putting his hands on the mattress over Kate's back, started fucking her hard.

"Oh! Why did you stop?" asked Kate's mom.

"Oh fuck! Your son's fucking me... Aaah! Tom's fucking me in the ass.. Oh my god! He is ripping me with his big cock!" screamed Kate.

Her mother looked in shock at her children. They had both closed their eyes and were concentrating on fucking each other. She pulled herself from underneath her daughter and scooted round to where her son and daughter were joined hip to groin. She saw Tom's hard cock pull out of Kate's tiny hole and push all the way back in until his balls slapped against her ass. The sight was so sexy that she pressed one hand into her mons as she came again. She reached out and gently held her son's ball sac in the palm of her hand. She stroked his balls and Tom gave a big cry and fucked his sister hard and came violently, spewing his cum into her ass. Tom's mom marvelled at the way his balls tightened inside her hand and continued stroking him until Tom and Kate collapsed on each other.

In the next few months, the Fontana household filled with many pregnant women. Several girls had become pregnant from before his trial and others like Esha became pregnant after his wedding. Soon Macy announced her pregnancy to the delight of Tom. Tom's mother did not become pregnant and that was not a surprise because her ovaries had been removed in a surgical procedure soon after Tom's birth. Kate's lack of pregnancy was a matter of sorrow for Tom and Kate but the medical facilities on Paradise Island were not advanced enough to discover the cause.

Their mother left Paradise Island soon after Macy gave birth to a beautiful baby girl. She moved to Washington and a few years later married a senior lobbyist. She was Paradise Island's unofficial ambassador and it was largely to her credit that the big powers left Paradise Island alone and that there were few stories about the Island anywhere. She did come down once a year to Paradise Island for a holiday. She always came alone and submitted to Tom like any other woman of the household.

Eighteen years later, Tom was in his forties and still in the prime of his manhood. He was standing on the balcony and reflecting on the changes in Paradise Island since he had first seen it from the boat. The biggest difference was electricity. The houses and their masters' powers were unchanged as was the preponderance of women and their beauty.

"Dad! Where are you?" rang a female voice from inside the house.

"Here, on the balcony," shouted Tom.

Eighteen year old Julia came out of the house and Tom was again struck by her beauty. She had somehow combined the best features of both his favourite women - her mother Macy and her aunt Kate. Julia was tall and lissome like Macy. She had Kate's large breasts and tight bottom. Her flat stomach and flaring waist never stopped exciting Tom.

She had a bikini top and a sarong round her waist that parted as she walked to give tantalising glimpses of her lovely thighs. She came over to Tom and dropped to her knees in front of him. His cock was soon in her mouth. Tom groaned in delight as Julia sucked him. She played with the pee-hole at the end of his cock with the tip of her tongue. She then moved his cock slowly in, until it was lodged deep in the back of her throat. Tome placed his hands on his daughter's head and fucked it slowly, moving it in and out over his cock. Julia then left his cock and moved down, licking his ball-sac. She opened wide and took one of his balls into her mouth and gently sucked it, before repeating the process with his other ball.

She then got up and turned around so that her back was turned towards him. She bent forward and gripped her ankles with her hands. She then looked back towards and slowly licked her lips with her tongue. Tom groaned and moved aside the sarong round her bottom. He could see his daughter's shaved cunt and ass hole open to him. He held his cock in one hand and guided it accurately into her tight cunt. His cock slid easily into her went cunt.

"Oh! Yes, dad. Fuck me!" she said.

"I will, baby! I will," he said and plundered her young cunt with his hard rod.

They fucked each other hard and furious and he bent forward and cupped her tits in his hand.

"Yes! Yes! YesYesYes!!" she cried as her father brought her to orgasm.

He wasn't far behind her and he came, shooting loads of cum deep into his daughter's cunt.

He withdrew from her and slowly slid into a seat. Julia got up and sat on his lap and kissed him on the mouth.

"Dad, can I go to the beach party over at Palm Beach?"

"Of course you can, my poppet!" he replied.

"Thanks Dad! I knew you'd agree," Julia laughed and jumped off his knee and ran into the house.

He heard a voice, "That daughter of ours runs rings round you!"

He opened his eyes and saw his wife Macy come onto the balcony. She was in her late thirties and extremely attractive. Her smile belied her angry voice.

"I don't know what I'm going to do with both of you!" she said.

"Clean me up!" he growled, trying to hold back a smile.

She dropped to her knees in front of him. "Of course, master!"

Soon the only noise on the balcony was a slurping sound of a tongue washing a cock. Tom closed his eyes and smiled.

"Every man deserves a Paradise Island," he thought.

----- The end -----