A Charmed Life
byGhostwalker©

Special thanks to my editor "larryinseattle" for once again turning my story into something far better than it started as.

*****

Aaron's life had been routine, some might even say boring. His father and mother had met in high school and married soon after graduating. Their 'great adventure' as they referred to it had been when they left town so his father could get his certification as an insurance salesman. When they returned to their hometown, she became his secretary in his newly opened office.

Two years later, his mother announced that she was pregnant after they had enjoyed 'a little late night office work' as they referred to it.

When Aaron was born there had been difficulties and his parents were told that they could never have more children so he became the center of their world, doting on him constantly. For his 13th birthday, they decided to make it a special celebration and take him to a well-known amusement park in Florida. That was when everything changed.

The rain storm had come on suddenly and his father never saw the curve in the road. Their car crashed through a guard rail and plunged into the water-filled ravine next to it. After that Aaron didn't remember a thing until he awoke two weeks later in an Intensive Care Unit. The first thing he did was ask about his parents and when the nurse wouldn't tell him anything, he knew they were gone.

He overheard some of the doctors say that he was lucky to be alive considering his injuries. While another doctor simply said he was 'charmed'.

The following day he was moved to a rehab unit. There he met Ms. Scott, the social worker, who explained that his father had indeed been a very good insurance man and had arranged for everything in case of an accident including a sizable life insurance policy for Aaron.

That same week, his Aunt Donna showed up at the hospital to talk to him about possible living arrangements after he was discharged. One by one they went through the options and in each case he felt like he would be more of a burden than anyone could handle, but they decided that he'd move in with her and her family unless something else came up.

That 'something else' showed up in the form of his Uncle Nathan two days before he was to be discharged. Nathan was his mother's youngest brother and the 'black sheep' of the family. He had left town just after he graduated and had never been back. Instead, he earned a degree in finances and was reported to be worth millions.

He and Aaron hit it off immediately, more than likely because there was only ten years difference in their ages. Aaron healed quickly and Nathan hired a private tutor to help him catch up on his schooling. They traveled everywhere together and the tutor was hired on full-time to accompany them.

Just before his 16th birthday, Nathan legally adopted him and the next five years seemed to fly by as Nathan taught Aaron about finance and business along with his second passion in life, survival. They had often joked that surviving in the wilderness was actually easier than surviving in business.

Then, as the anniversary of his parent's death approached, they decided it was time to take a trip 'back home'. The family was all there and made them feel welcome but it was obvious from the moment he saw Miranda, the younger sister of one of his school friends, that Nathan's thoughts were far away.

The two quickly became inseparable and though he was a bit jealous, Aaron couldn't have been happier for his uncle. Their short trip back home was extended over and over again until finally 4 months after they arrived, Miranda said "Yes" when Nathan asked her to marry him.

The wedding was lavish by hometown standards but 'just a little get together' in the business world. Either way didn't matter as Aaron stood-up as 'Best Man' for the ceremony. At the reception, he heard people talking about the bride and groom and also about what 'a charmed life' he had 'all things considered'.

The big surprise that Nathan had promised Miranda as a wedding present came later that night when he took her and Aaron to the local marina and walked them onto a brand-new 122-foot yacht. He quickly gave them a tour of the lounge, galley, two bedrooms AND a Master Suite, crew's quarters for the captain, engineer, and female chef, observation deck, and two pilot houses (one top-side and open to the air while the second was located just forward of the lounge), Nathan then announced, "I QUIT!! I sold it all. This is our life now," before whispering, "if you want it."

Miranda threw herself into Nathan's arms, hugging and kissing him, before the two of them disappeared into the Master Suite. Aaron sat on the stern observation desk and looked at the rest of the boats and ships in the marina thinking about what life might hold in the future before heading below deck to his new room.

The following morning Aaron awoke to the gentle sound of engines purring below him and waves splashing against the yacht. Slipping into a pair of jogging shorts he went up to the lounge where he found breakfast waiting.

At the same time, he caught site of Rachel, the cook, for the first time. Her hair was a shimmering red and her skin had a gentle, golden tan from working on similar ships.

She sensed his presence and turned around and smiled, saying "Go'd Mornin'" with a heavy Irish lilt.

"Morning," he mumbled in response.

"Wha' would ya like fo' breakfas'?" she asked as she turned towards him.

Her eyes were an emerald green and one look at her body instantly made his cock begin to harden as he vaguely remembered an old saying about a woman looking so good that the man's eyes almost popped out of his head.

Rachel pretended not to notice the growing bulge as she filled his plate with eggs, bacon, toast, a large glass of orange juice and tea. "This shou' git ya started. Thar's olways a lo' ta do the firs' day at sea."

Sitting down as much to eat as to hide his growing member, he was treated to the sight of Rachel's cleavage when she bent over to set the plate on the table. Embarrassed, he turned away to try and hide the red-blush that was covering his cheeks. Surprisingly, at 21 years old he had never felt comfortable around women, especially attractive ones, and still found himself reacting like a young school boy around them.

Instantly understanding what was going on, Rachel stood next to the table with her hands on hips deciding what to do next. Then suddenly she said, "Look at me boy-o. Don' be hidin' ya'r face."

Reluctantly Aaron looked up at her.

"This is no the firs' time this 'as 'appened and I'm sure it won' be the las'. So let's git it o'er with. My name is Rachel Brennan. I'm 26 years old. My fater was English and my muter was Irish. I'm five-foot, five-inches tal'. My measurements are 36, 24, 34 and these darlin's," she whispered as she cupped her breasts, "are double-D's. I've had several lovers in my life and been married once. I'm devorced no'." Then in a joking voice she continued, "My ex-husband cal'ed me many t'ings, one of t'em being Vixen which is no' my nickname, but if ya'd like ya c'n cal' me Vix." At which point she turned and walked into the galley.

Aaron sat there speechless, unsure of what to say or do, until he saw Nathan and Miranda coming up from the Master Suite. The smile on Nathan's face told him that he had definitely enjoyed his first night as a married man and the look on Miranda's face was only slightly over-shadowed by the afterglow of the nights events.

Aaron's mind instantly filled with lurid images of them making love and his cock hardened once again. Standing before they joined him, he mumbled his apologies saying he was still a bit hung over from the night before and went to his bedroom. Immediately, pulling down his shorts he stroked his cock for the next 45 minutes cumming three separate times before his cock dwindled in size.

When he came back on deck, he noticed Nathan and Miranda sitting on the fore-deck while Rachel cleared the mornings dishes.

Moving quietly she came up beside him and whispered, "Were ya no hungry this mornin'? Ya did no eat a t'ing."

"I ummmm, I just ..."

Moving closer, her breasts brushing against his arm she whispered, "I understan'. Those t'ings happen but I thin' ya need to kno that s'und carries very easily on a bo't. So nex' time ya have a problem with this," she purred as she slid her hand around and let it settle on the front of his pants, 'jus' let Vix know and I'll be 'appy to take care o' it for ya."

Aaron's mind swirled at the thought of what she'd just offered while his cock gave a small twitch at her touch.

"Now get along with ya," she joked as she slapped his ass, "I tol' yo' there was a lo' to be d'ne the firs' day."

The rest of the day did, in fact, speed by as they checked where all the gear was stowed and ran through a small emergency drill. By dinner time, everyone was famished and Rachel lived up to her name as chef. She served blackened Cod, Kelp salad with a wine-vinegar dressing, and hot biscuits made, according to her, just like her mother in Ireland had made them. Dessert was fresh strawberries, thick cream, and a chocolate, butter-scotch topping. All was accompanied by various bottles of wine.

When the meal was over, everyone helped clear the table and then sat around on the observation deck. The topic quickly turned to learning about each other. Nathan, as owner of the ship, went first followed by Miranda and then Aaron.

When it came time for the captain he said that his name was Gavin. He was in his mid-fifties and had been at sea for most of his adult life. He had sailed on almost every type of ship from freighters and ferries to luxury yachts. Before he was finished he joked that he was married to the sea so there was no need for any of the women on board to worry.

Dennis explained that he had also been on various ships but usually as the assistant engineer and how grateful he was to have the chance to be the chief engineer on the yacht. Maybe because of the amount of wine that had been served at dinner he also boasted that there wasn't an engine he couldn't fix or a woman he couldn't satisfy with his 'personal tool'.

Rachel told of her parents and her desire to become a chef. She talked about her education at various cooking schools in Europe and then the US and how she'd worked on several other yachts before taking this position. She also promised not to poison anyone which filled the ship with laughter.

Afterwards everything became quiet. Each sat there taking in the sights and sounds of the open sky and ocean around them. Shortly, Nathan silently took Miranda's hand and the two left, followed by Gavin and Dennis. Rachel sat with Aaron for a while before also slipping away.

When Aaron got to his room, he regretted not having left much sooner so he could be asleep as he heard the sound of Nathan and Miranda in the Master Suite. Instinctively, his hand slid beneath the covers and wrapped around his hardening cock only to be interrupted when his door quickly opened and closed. He felt, more than saw, the presence of someone in the room with him and the delicate scent of perfume.

"Rachel?"

"Shhhhhh. We nee' ta be quiet."

"What are you doing here?"

"I tol' you earlier tha' from no' on I'd tak' care of th's," she whispered as she replaced his hand with hers. "As soon as I wen' to my quarters I knew you'd be 'avin' a problem. I could 'ear them even down belo'."

"What about ...?"

"Shhhhh, I'll tak' car' o' everythin'."

Aaron felt her soft, velvety hand begin to move up and down the length of his hardening cock.

"I've been thinkin' abou' this all day," she purred. "When I grabbed your cock th's mornin' I thought it would be a su'prise for ya but ac'ually I was the one su'prised when I fel' how big you are even after cummin' so often."

"How do you know ...?"

"Ya' forget abou' wha' I tol' ya abou' noise carryin' on the bo't? And when I wen' to your cabin later to clean up, I could still smell the aroma of sex an' then I foun' all the tissue ya used in the garbage can."

A moan escaped his lips but whether in agreement with her comment or just from the thrill he was feeling in his groin, neither could tell. All too soon his hips began to rise and fall to match the rhythm of her hand. His scrotum tightened and he felt the beginning of an orgasm but so did she as she quickly encircled his cock at the base with her thumb and forefinger and squeezed, stopping the sensations.

"No' yet, darlin'. There are t'ings I nee' too," she purred as she moved away.

In the darkness of his cabin she heard the rustle of clothing being removed and dropped to the floor. Then he felt the warmth of flesh as it wrapped around his cock in a sheath.

"How do's tha' feel, lover? Do ya like the feel of my tits wrapped around your co'k? I kno' I do. I foun' ou' a long time ago that I really enjoy a good tit-fu'k. I lo'e the feel of my man's co'k sliding up and down between them. I lo'e the feel of his hands on my tits, pullin' on them and pinchin' the nipples but mos' of all I lo'e the feel of his warm cum coverin' them and drippin' fro' them. Do ya think ya ca' be tha' man? Do you think ya can satisfy a vixen like me or do I nee' to see wha' Dennis is doing?"

Taking the challenge, Aaron reached down and grabbed her tits, pressing them tighter around his cock as she raised and lowered herself on it. Grabbing her tits like a pair of ripe melons he found her hard, elongated nipples and gently pinched them between his thumb and forefinger.

"Ohhhhh, yessssssss," she hissed as her pace increased. "Tha's it, lover. Pinch my nipples. Squeeze my tits and fu'k 'em. Pump your cock into 'em and cum all o'er 'em."

Aaron's mind whirled as he thought of what she was asking for. His tutor had taught him all about making love to a woman but this was the first time he'd ever actually 'been' with a woman and he hoped it would never stop. Unfortunately, his body had other ideas as he felt his balls tightening once again and the rumbling deep in his groin that signaled his impending orgasm. "Soon, Vix. Gonna cum soon. Gonna cover your tits with my cum just like you want. Gonna cum so hard and so much it covers you face and tits."

"Yessss, lover. Do it. Cum for me. Cover me with ya'r warm, boy-cream."

The word 'boy' seemed to trigger anger deep inside of him. Releasing her tits he grabbed her shoulders and snarled, "I'll show you who's a boy." Using the added leverage from his hands, he pulled her down to meet each upward thrust until he felt the tip of his cock smack against the underside of her chin. The added sensation was more than he could handle and he felt his cum rocketing up the length of his cock. "Cccuuummmiiinnnggg," he growled as it shot from the tip covering her tits and chin.

The feel of him taking charge had also triggered something deep inside Rachel. She knew, without a doubt, that he was a 'man' in every respect and that she was now his to do with as he pleased, at least for the rest of this trip. As if to finalize the thought, she lowered her head and took his cock into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around the tip before probing into the slit to get every bit of his cum.

Aaron lay there. His body was exhausted and yet excited at the same time. The feel of her tongue both enjoyable and yet irritating on the hyper-sensitive flesh.

Suddenly, she pulled away and whispered, "Move over," as she pushed him further onto the bunk.

Instinctively, he moved and wasn't overly surprised when she crawled in next to him. He felt her head on his shoulder, her hair draping over it onto his pillow as her upper leg slid over his thigh and her tits pressed against the side of his chest.

"I never expected it to be that good," she murmured.

An unseen smile formed on his face as he continued to lay there. Then suddenly a thought struck him. "Can I ask your something?"

"Sure, anything you want lover."

"What happened to your accent?"

Giggling, she replied, "Oh that! Remember, I told everyone that I had lived in Europe and the US? Well, I was told by one of my instructors that he couldn't understand what I was asking because of my accent. So I worked really hard to get rid of it. Now I only use it when it suits me and when ..."

"Ya? When ...?"

"When I'm really turned on and fucking someone I really care about. Then it just seems to come natural ... along with a VERY loud voice."

"What do you mean by loud?"

Shifting so she was looking down at him with her head resting in the palm of her hand, she answered, "When I get really turned on I'm a screamer. I just can't seem to help myself. The more turned on I get, the louder I scream and the nastier I get telling my lover what I want."

Aaron continued to lay there thinking about what she had just said until she leaned down and whispered in his ear.

"Do you know what a Vixen is?"

"I think so," he mumbled.

"Well let me clarify what is means for me. In my case it means I'm a horny, Irish slut, who loves nothing more than the feel of a hard cock pounding deep in my pussy. As of this moment it also means that for as long as you want me I'm your Vixen."

"Really?" he replied overwhelmed by what she had just said.

"Yes," she murmured as she kissed his ear, "and I'll prove it to you right now," she continued as she lifted herself up and over him so she was straddling his body.

For the first time he felt the warm, moist, puffy furrow of a woman's aroused pussy and his cock began to harden again.

"That's it, darlin'. That's what I need. A nice, hard cock. I want to see it grow and then I want it deep inside me. I want to feel it stretching me and filling me. Then I want you to fuck me hard and deep with it. I want to feel it slamming against the back of my pussy and then ... if you want ... I want to feel it filling my pussy with a load of 'man-cream'," stressing the word 'man'.

Without thinking about what he was saying, he replied, "I've always wondered what this was going to feel like and tonight I'll find out with the most beautiful woman I know."

Leaning forward so her tits were dangling directly in front of his face, Rachel reached between her legs and wrapped her hand around his now fully recovered cock. It was only then that his words sunk in and she stopped. "You mean you've never ...?"

"Nope. First time," he answered as he felt her hesitate. Grabbing her hips he held her in place as her face seemed to show the battle going on in her mind. "I don't think ...," was all he let her say before thrusting his hips upwards, driving his cock between her pussy lips and into her velvety tunnel.

A hissing sound escaped from between her lips as she tried to pull away to no avail until he stopped.

"Too late," was all he said as he held her there impaled on his rod.

Almost imperceptibly at first, he felt her lowering herself onto his cock, spreading and stretching herself. He felt her tunnel quivering and seeming to draw him in deeper and deeper until he felt her pussy hair and his intertwine just as he pressed against the depths of her pussy.

Totally impaled on him, she leaned forward, resting her tits on his chest and her head on his shoulder. "Either my pussy has shrunk a lot since the last time I was with a man or your cock is a lot bigger than I had thought." Then almost as an afterthought she added, "Not that I'm complaining. It feels fan-fucking-tastic, it's just going to take a little time to get used to it."

Aaron lightly caressed her back sending little tremors throughout her body as he waited. What was probably no more than a few moments seemed like hours until he felt Rachel slowly sit up. He was surprised to see that their pubic hairs were saturated with moisture as the heady aroma of her arousal surged up between their bodies. 

A Charmed Life
byGhostwalker©

"You've already got me so fucking horny. Just look at all the pussy juice that has dripped from me and we've hardly started," she teased.

Leaving one hand on her hip, he reached up and grabbed one of the dangling tits using it to pull her down towards his waiting mouth. "I can see it, feel it and smell it. Now I want to taste it," he finished as he latched onto a distended nipple.

Instinctively, she reached down and wrapped her hands behind his head, holding him against her as she bit down oh her lower lip to keep from screaming in pleasure. She could feel him lightly dragging his teeth across her nipple while his tongue teased it. Her body quivered at the perverse pleasure of being the one to take his virginity and yet what he was doing to her was far more exciting than anything her more experienced lovers had done.

His hand squeezed and fondled her tit and each time he sucked on her nipple, it felt like a million electrical charges were coursing directly from the tip to her pussy. Her juices were flowing from her, down the length of his shaft and pooling in his lap. Seductively, she reached between them and coated her fingers with the juices before placing them in her mouth. "Nothing better than hot, tangy pussy juice to stimulate the taste buds." Then, scooping her fingers through the juices once again, she held it next to his face. "Here you go, lover. Try some."

Releasing her, he slid his tongue out like a snake and lapped at the juices before taking her fingers into his mouth, sucking on them just as he had done to her nipple. "Mmmmmm," was all he said as his tongue probed between her fingers searching for every drop.

At the same time, she felt his hand move from her hip to the top of her ass crease and slowly, but forcefully push downwards driving his cock deeper inside of her.

Slowly she descended, enjoying each exquisite sensation until with one final push, she took his cock all the way inside. The pleasure / pain of having his cock press against her cervix made the room spin around her. She was no virgin by any sense of the term but his cock was reaching new depths and stretching her like none of her other lovers ever had. Leaning forward, she lowered Aaron's head to the pillow while gently raising her hips. His cock slid along the length of her well lubricated pussy until just the head was nestled between her nether lips. Looking down at him, she uttered the words that every young man hopes to hear.

"Fuck me. Drive your nice, hard cock into me. Fill my pussy. Make me cum."

Grabbing her hips with both hands, Aaron did just as he was asked and pulled her down into his lap as he arched his hips upward. The look of pleasure on her face told him everything he needed to know.

Quickly they fell into a rhythm as old as time, she would raise her hips slowly while he pulled downwards until just the tip of his cock was within her and then they would rush back together again. Soon a wet, squishing sound began to fill the room as her pussy juices flowed from her.

Then suddenly she rocked backwards, arching her back, placing a hand on each of his outstretched legs. The change in position caused the head of his cock to rub against her g-spot with each thrust. The cool air tingled against her wet, exposed clit until he placed his thumb against it and began to lightly press. The sensations were overwhelming; his cock rubbing against her 'spot', the feeling of being stretched and filled, his thumb on her clit, the head of his cock slamming against her cervix with each thrust. Her breath became erratic and she chanted between clenched teeth, "Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Fill my pussy. It feels so good."

Her hips seemed a blur as she slid up and down his cock, fucking him, lunging against it as she tried to take it even deeper, forward and back, forward and back, her tits swaying ... getting faster and faster.

"Ohhhhhh, fucckkkk," she sighed. Her hips became a blur, moving faster and faster, never letting his cock leave her pussy, mashing herself downwards, driving his cock into her as her clit pressed against his pelvis, seeing nothing but her pussy hair intertwined with his and a growing mass of thick froth from her churned pussy juices. "Don't stop. Need you to fuck me hard ... harder. Fill my pussy. Fuucckkkk."

A layer of sweat covered her body, her breath was gasping and irregular, her body craved the release of orgasm yet she just couldn't seem to reach her peak. Maybe it was because of her hesitation about 'being the first', or maybe it was because she was just so wet but finally she slumped forward onto Aaron's chest, "I'm so sorry baby. I don't know what's wrong. I can't any more. I just can't."

Aaron gently held her in his arms, his cock throbbing inside her while the responding motions of her pussy muscles tried to hold him deep. He had been so close, so close to finally and fully making love to a woman. He knew how disappointed she was as he felt her body quiver and a small tear land on his chest.

"It's ok, Vix. Maybe it's best this way. Maybe we should just take our time and see what happens."

"NO," she hissed vehemently as she looked at him "I want you NOW! I just don't know what's wrong."

Aaron lay there thinking for a few seconds before an idea suddenly popped into his mind. "Maybe that's the problem?"

"What?"

"You're trying too hard. Maybe I need to take over?"

Some primal instinct seemed to tell her that he was right. "So what should we do?"

Now taking the lead, Aaron whispered. "Get up and stand next to the bunk."

Lifting off of him, she suddenly felt empty as his cock slipped from her pussy. Her legs felt stiff and yet weak from crouching on the bunk as she stood up.

Quickly getting up himself, Aaron took her by the shoulders and spun her around so she was facing the bunk. "Now bend over."

Instantly she knew what he wanted and what he was going to do. A surge of pleasure enveloped her as she felt him grab her waist and move closer. His cock found the opening to her pussy as if he'd done this hundreds of times before.

"You ready?" he asked.

She barely had time to answer, "Yes" before he drove his cock back into her. Immediately, she knew that this was what she needed. Her pussy clamped and unclamped around the length of his cock as he drove it in and out. Her tits swayed beneath her until he reached around her body and grabbed them, squeezing them.

"Oh shit ... oh shit ... oh shit," she chanted with each thrust as it bottomed out in the deepest recesses of her pussy. "This is exactly what I needed. Don't stop. Fuck me. Take me. Oh god, lover. I'm gonna cum already ... ohhhhhh ... my ... god. You ... feel ... so ... good," then at the top of her voice she screamed, "GONNA CUMMMM. FUCK MEEEE. OHHHH ... AAAEEEIIIIIII."

This time when her internal muscles clamped down on him, they didn't let go. Instead, he felt a rolling sensation from the base of his cock to the tip, over and over again. He felt her orgasmic fluids leaking from her, coating his inner thighs. His balls tightened and pulled upwards and suddenly he felt his cum starting to rocket up his shaft. "Gonna cum, too. Need to pull out."

"NO!!," she wailed before continuing in a softer voice. "Cum inside me. Fill my pussy with your man-cream."

"What about ...?"

"I DON'T CARE!!"

Slamming his cock in as deep as he could, he felt it press against her cervix just as the first strand of cum erupted from the tip. Strand after strand spilled into her pussy. Filling her until their combined juices streamed from her, down their legs to puddle on the floor. The warm liquid kept pouring from her pussy until they collapsed into the bunk. The sensation of his cock being rammed into her one more time sent her over the edge ... her body quivered, her pussy spasmed and the room went dark.

When she woke much later, she was wrapped in his arms, the cover pulled up over their nude bodies. The boat was totally silent. For the briefest of seconds she wondered if it had all been a wonderful dream but then she felt that thoroughly satisfied feeling she had after being fucked and the warm sensation of their combined cum filling her.

Gently she sighed as she slid from the bed and grabbed her clothes. Tip-toeing to the door, she opened it just enough to get out and immediately backed into someone. Surprised she spun around and found herself staring into Miranda's deep brown eyes.

Neither seemed embarrassed by the fact that Rachel was still totally nude. Then in a quiet whisper, Miranda broke the silence. "He's a nice kid. Don't hurt him."

Slipping back into her Irish persona, Rachel replied, "He's no kid, darlin'. 'E's al' man. Evera inch of 'im."

Miranda blushed at the comment and quickly moved away, back to the Master Suite. As she entered, Nathan sat up.

"Is everything ok?"

"Ya," she said with an impish grin. "I just ran into Rachel in the hallway. She was leaving Aaron's cabin and she wasn't wearing anything."

"I'm glad to hear it," he said as he laughed, lightly. "I was beginning to worry about him. In fact, when we heard those voices earlier I thought maybe someone else was using his room."

"Well, according to Rachel, there is absolutely nothing to worry about. 'E's al' man. Evera inch of 'im," she finished copying Rachel's lilting voice.

Laughing, Nathan patted the bed. "Well now that we know there's nothing to worry about what do you say about getting some sleep. Tomorrow is another day."

Miranda quickly slipped off her gown and climbed into the bed and both were quickly asleep, though she did have a curious dream about exactly how much Aaron was 'al' man'.

The following morning, everyone seemed nervous and hardly talked. It was obvious that they all knew about what had happened the night before between Aaron and Rachel yet they were all reluctant to say anything about it.

Finally, while everyone was sitting down for lunch, Dennis spoke up, making a joke. "You know there are only two things wrong with an on-ship romance. First, everyone knows no matter how hard you try to hide it and the second is they're so damn noisy." Everyone tried to hold it in but within moments, they were laughing so hard they almost knocked over the table.

From then on, Rachel spent most of her nights in Aaron's cabin. Sometimes making love and sometimes just cuddling. The only one that seemed to have a problem with this was Dennis so every once in awhile the captain would put into a small village or town for several days to restock supplies during which he'd disappear. Where he went and what he did, no one asked but on one occasion they had barely gotten away from the docks when a large, burly man came running down the pier screaming something about his wife.

The next eight weeks seemed like nothing more than a prolonged vacation. They traveled wherever they wanted; fishing, diving, wandering across deserted beaches, exploring old wrecks, and making their 'supply' stops.

Then two days out of their last port, they started hearing reports of a storm. They plotted a new course and set-up a 'watch schedule' to track of it but just before 2 AM, everything broke loose. There was a sudden crashing sound and everyone rushed above deck. The waves were climbing but not too large and in the flash of lightening they saw something large in the water smashing against the hull.

The captain ran to the forward pilot house and had just barely gotten there when it was lit up by more lightening and sparks flew everywhere. Nathan rushed to the pilot room and returned moments later. "He's dead. There must have been a power surge."

Simultaneously, he and Dennis ran towards the engine compartment as they heard the engine give its final cough and stop. Nathan arrived first and pulled the door open. The "WHOOSH" that followed was almost as frightening as the ball of flames that came with it.

Dennis was blown all the way back down the hallway to the foot of the steps. Nathan had taken the full brunt of the flame and was burned across the whole front of his body. Aaron, on the other hand, had been lucky since he'd only just stepped out of the path of the fireball after pulling a life raft from its storage chest.

He quickly jumped down into the hallway and pushed Dennis up the ladder before following, pulling Nathan along with him. While he had been below, Rachel had thrown both of the life rafts into the water, automatically activating them so they opened. Aaron lowered Nathan into one raft and quickly followed before turning to help Miranda in. Rachel helped Dennis into the second raft and they both pushed off from the sinking yacht.

The storm worsened and for the next seven hours they were tossed and thrown against debris. When the sun broke through the storm the next morning, Nathan, Miranda, and Aaron found themselves in a debris field of semi-flooded shipping containers that had obviously fallen or been washed off a freighter. There was no sign of the other raft.

After checking their supplies, it was decided that Aaron should try to see if there was anything useful within the containers. One by one he opened each of them. Shoes, floatation devices (aka basketballs), rope, material, soda pop, candy, a nylon cargo net, and plastic pipe. Unfortunately, the contents of several containers had already been destroyed by the water and one sank as soon as it was opened though Aaron thought he saw the remains of several corpses as it went down.

The salvaged supplies soon filled the raft and the area around it. Aaron spent the next several hours running the net around everything he could and then climbed back into the raft with Miranda's help. One look at Nathan told him that things were going from bad to worse.

"How is he?" he whispered.

Turning away from Nathan, she replied softly as she tried to hold back her tears. "He's got burns across most of his face and chest. I'm pretty sure he's blind but the worst part is that the burns are breaking open. That means that he's not only loosing fluids but can easily get infections."

"What are you two muttering about?" Nathan suddenly said.

"Nothing," replied Aaron.

"Don't give me that bullshit. I know what's going to happen and so do you. It's just a matter of time, so listen to me. Before the captain and I went to bed the other night we noticed a few small islands not too far away. We planned on using them for shelter if the storm got to bad. They were South and South-west of our position which means," holding up a hand to feel the direction of the sun, "they should be that way," he pointed. From the sounds of it you've got plenty of supplies so you just need to hold on and ... take care of each other."

Three days later, Nathan died nestled in Miranda's arms. With no other options, they slid him over the side and mimicked a burial at sea. For the next two days, neither said much, constantly on the look-out for the islands Nathan had told them about and just as he had foretold, they saw the islands on the evening of the fifth day.

Using the paddles, they struggled through the surf and had almost made it to shore when the raft overturned dumping both of them into the sea. Aaron quickly surfaced and after first checking that Miranda was ok, grabbed the rope on the raft and pulled it to shore. Exhausted, he collapsed on the sandy beach and was laying there when Miranda emerged from the surf. Not once during the last 5 days had he paid any attention to what she was wearing but he couldn't help but notice as the wet, almost sheer, material clung to her body.

As if with a mind of its own he felt his cock begin to harden beneath the thin material of his shorts. Afraid that she might notice, he scrambled to his feet, "I need to find some wood to make a fire and warm us up," he called over his shoulder as he headed into the jungle.

The exhaustion and exertion of the last several days proved to be exactly what he needed and his erection quickly faded. Returning to their camp site, he found Miranda had already set-up a make-shift lean-to to block the breeze and cleared a small area for the fire.

"That looks great," he exclaimed as he exited the jungle hauling several large dry branches. Using matches from the raft's survival kit, they soon had a warm fire going and collapsed on either side of the fire to sleep.

Later he woke to find himself thrashing in the sea, being pulled down by a spectral hand reaching up from a sinking container. His scream instantly woke Miranda.

"What's the matter?" she looked about startled.

"Nothing," he muttered.

"Don't give me that, Aaron. You and I both know we might be stuck here for awhile and we need to learn to share things and trust each other."

Slowly, he told her about what he thought he had seen in the sinking container and his nightmare.

Standing, she walked over to his side of the fire. The material was now dry but the moonlight still shone through it as she sat next to him.

"I'll tell you what. Why don't I stay on this side of the fire with you? That way it might help with your nightmare and at the same time we can share our body heat."

Aaron never had a chance to answer before she stretched out and closed her eyes. Soon he heard slow, rhythmic breathing as she slept. At first he tried to stay awake but exhaustion overtook him and soon he too was sound asleep.

Miranda awoke later in the night to find his arm draped over her protectively and a hard cock poking against her ass. At first she wasn't sure what to do about it but after a few moments simply lay back down and snuggled tighter against him. "Who knows?" she thought. "Rachel said he was all man and that is exactly what I'm going to need if we're going to survive. Time will tell," she mused as she slid back into a restful sleep.

When she awoke the following morning, the sun was already high and Aaron wasn't next to her. Quickly surveying the beach, she saw him walking along the shore line with a homemade spear in one hand and several fish dangling from a rope stringer in the other. Calling out to him, he instantly returned.

"Hey, sleepyhead."

"Hey yourself. What time is it?"

"Not sure actually," he joked looking down at his empty wrist, "I seem to have misplaced my watch." Both laughed before he looked up at the sky and continued, "But from the looks of the sun I'd say some time mid-morning, maybe 10 or 11 o'clock."

"Wow, I slept late."

"Ya, well, it's been a rather strenuous couple of days."

Neither felt quite like talking about everything that had happened since the storm so she changed the subject. "What do you have there?"

"Just a couple of fish I was able to spear. Nothing major but at least it will give us something to eat instead of soda and candy."

"GOOD, because if I EVER see another soda or eat another piece of candy I'm going to be sick."

Laughing, he replied, "Me too, BUT we'll keep them just in case. That's one thing Na ... I was taught, is that you never throw away anything that might be useful."

Splitting the fish open, he threw them on a section of wood and cooked them 'plank-style'.

"Mmmm, this is delicious," Miranda sighed as she finished her second fish.

"Nothing to it really but when we're finished I think we better start making some plans."

"What kind of plans?"

"Well, we don't know how long we'll be here so we'll need to find a better place to stay and make a shelter. We'll also need to find a supply of fresh water or something just as good to drink."

"Like what?"

"We could survive on coconut, papaya, or some other fruits but water is the best option."

"Agreed," she said as she stood.

"Actually, I was thinking I'd go now and you could go a bit later. That way there's always someone here to keep the fire going."

Report Story
byGhostwalker© 13 comments/ 80765 views


"Wouldn't it be better if we both looked?"

"Maybe later but right now that fire is our only source of heat and protection."

Understanding that what he said was true and also that he was trying to take on the role of the protective male, she agreed. "Ok. but only for a little while. Do you see that point on the other side of the lagoon? I'd appreciate it if you didn't go beyond that this first time. I may need your help and I really don't want to find myself alone."

"Agreed," he replied as he set off.

As he walked along the beach, he soon found coconut, papaya, mango, breadfruit and bananas which he carried down towards the water's edge so he could grab them on the way back. The waters of the lagoon were teaming with fish and he thought he caught a glimpse of a wild pig as he neared the point Miranda indicated should be the end of his first day's search.

Then, as he was about to turn back, he made the most important discovery of the day. Just before the point, the land climbed upwards and a waterfall cascaded over its lip, splashing into a pool below. Scooping a handful of water, he was overjoyed to find that it was fresh water.

In the mean time, Miranda stayed close to the fire but strolled inland, looking for more wood. While foraging, she found a large stand of bamboo just a few yards from the beach.

When they returned to the campsite they shared their individual finds and made plans. The following day, they cut bamboo, made it into a raft and for the rest of the week they moved their supplies to the plateau above the falls yet at the end of each day they returned to their original campsite to eat and spend the night nestled against each other.

Aaron soon proved his abilities to provide food using snares, traps, and his spear. While at the same time, exhibiting skills using a machete and building a shelter for them.

Miranda proved a steady hand with a slingshot for birds, as well as knowing where to forage for the best fruits and was surprised to find she had almost a natural ability to weave mats.

One week became two and then three. Finally, their new shelter was ready.

"We can move into the hut tomorrow," he said as they sat by the fire.

"I know but it's going to feel strange after living here on the beach for so long."

"Ya, but we knew things would have to change the longer we stayed here."

"Ya, we did," she whispered before stretching out in the sand to sleep.

When he woke up the next morning, she was gone along with the bamboo raft.

Packing up the last of their gear, he headed for the far side of the lagoon and a new step in life. Sure enough, the bamboo raft was pulled up in the sands and Miranda's foot prints led in the direction of the hut, though hut may not have been the best way to describe it.

Built ten feet up into the trees it had an open area, like a terrace, facing the sea. The shelter itself had four solid bamboo walls with a door onto the 'terrace' and windows in each of the other sides. The roof was made of woven mats with palm thatch over it. It even had a door made of the same bamboo and window panels made of thatch that could be dropped down to keep out rain or bugs. He had also built a table with two chairs, some shelves and hung sections of the cargo net to act as hammocks almost like what he'd read in a book when he was younger.

"Miranda!! Are your up there?" he called.

"Yes, just getting a few things settled."

"I was worried when I woke up and you were gone."

"Didn't you see the message in the sand?"

"Nope, didn't see it. What did it say?"

"It said that I couldn't sleep so I came over here early. That's all."

"Ok. Do you need any help up there?"

"Not really."

"Ok. Then I'm going to head over to the upper point and take a look. I know it sounds crazy but it would be just our luck to have done all of this and then have a ship find us."

Laughing, she replied, "You're right, just our luck," but quieter so he didn't hear she finished "though I'm not sure I want anyone to find us."

That afternoon when he returned, he found her sitting on the terrace looking out at the sea. Without even turning towards him, she began to speak, "Do you remember when we first landed here? We said that we might be here for a long time and would need to take care of each other just like Nathan told us to."

"I remember."

"Well I, actually we, have a problem."

"What's that?"

"The hammocks."

"The hammocks?"

"Yep."

"What's wrong with them?"

She hesitated before continuing. "I was married less than six months before Nathan died. But during that time he ignited 'needs' in me. 'Needs' that I haven't had taken care of since we landed here. I know Rachel ignited those same 'needs' in you." Still looking away, she continued, "In fact, I've felt those 'needs' pressing against me several times while we slept on the beach and I followed you into the jungle one night and watched you take care of your 'problem'."

"Ok, so what does that have to do with the hammocks?"

Turning back towards him she answered, "Their too far apart. I've grown used to the feel of your body against mine ... the feel of your hard cock pressing against my ass or slipping between my legs. To be honest, I actually put it there several times and then moved back and forth to get myself off. A couple of times I almost thought you were going to cum too."

"I was," he replied, "but then I remembered that technically you're my step-mother and figured you'd think I was a pervert or something."

"In that case," she said as she untied the knot of the muu-muu that she was wearing and let it fall to the floor, "let me tell you exactly what I think and want. I don't think you're a pervert. In fact, I think you're an outstanding man. You've kept us safe, fed us, and made a life for us here. And what I want is to be your wife."

"MY WIFE?" he exclaimed.

"Yes, your 'island wife' if that makes it seem better. I want to do everything with you. I want to be with you in every sense of the word. I want to make a life here with you and ... I want to make a family with you. I want to feel what it was that Rachel felt while you two made love. I want to feel you buried deep inside me, filling my pussy with your cum. I want to know what it's like to be so turned on that I scream it from the rooftops for the whole world to hear. Now do you understand?"

"I only have one question," he answered as he pulled her into his arms.

"What's that?"

"When would you like to start?"

Looking up into his eyes she whispered, "Would now be too soon?"

"Not at all," he answered as he scooped her up in his arms and carried her into the hut. Inside he slid his hand behind the back of her head and pulled her to him, kissing her. He parted her lips and probed inside seeking her tongue.

"Mmmmmmm," she murmured as her tongue met his.

His free hand slid to her shoulder before gliding down, placing the palm of his hand over her breast and nipple before squeezing. Slowly, gently he caressed and fondled it with his fingers.

"So good," she sighed as she broke their kiss. "Been so long."

He lowered his head and placed his lips on her breast. Then ever so slowly, he parted them and encircled a lust-hardened nipple. He flicked his tongue across it and was instantly rewarded with a deep moan. Then taking the nipple between his teeth, he gently bit down sending an erotic, lustful surge through her body.

As if dancing, she began to twist and sway in his arms, her hands locking behind his head, pulling him tighter against her chest, forcing more and more of her tit into his mouth until he began to suck on her nipple. "Can't believe I'm doing this. Going to let my step-son, my Island Husband, fuck me. Mmmmmmmm, so nasty."

Shifting to her other nipple he descended and sucked it into his mouth, flicking and swirling his tongue across it just as he had done on the other side.

Her mind and body were ablaze with desire. As if in a dream-filled haze, she felt herself being lowered to the carpet-covered floor. She felt his body slide up hers and for the first time realized that he was nude. She could feel his rigid cock pressing against the junction of her legs. Spreading them slightly, she felt it probe between them, seeking the moist furrow that led to her womanly treasure. She felt his knee slip between her legs, spreading them wider and wider until he had both knees between her legs and his cock was nestled against her pussy lips.

Teasingly he asked, "Are you sure this is what you want? Are you sure you want to feel your island husband's cock buried deep inside you?"

Her pussy was already wet and slick from her arousal. Quietly she purred, "Yes and Yes."

Slowly, he rubbed his cock up and down over her pussy, coating his shaft with her juices. He could see that she was getting wetter and wetter the more he teased her. Her hips gently began to rock and sway as if with a mind of their own.

Raising up slightly, he brought the tip of his cock to the opening of her pussy and pressed downwards, probing to find the opening.

"Yessssss," she hissed as she took his cock in her hand and brought it to the entrance to her love tunnel. "Fuck me," she sighed.

He pushed forward and barely buried his cock in her pussy. The sensations were like nothing he'd ever felt before including the times with Rachel. Pulling back, he whispered, "I don't want to hurt you."

"You won't," she uttered as she wrapped her legs around his hips and slowly pulled him downwards. "Just go slow. Let my pussy have a chance to stretch so I can take all of your cock in me."

Gently he lowered himself on her, pushing his cock deeper and deeper into her. "Oh god. You're so tight. I can feel every inch of you sucking and pulling on my cock. So smooth, so soft, almost like a velvet glove.

"It feels ... so ... big!" she gasped as he continued to press deeper. The walls of her pussy stretched taking more and more of him. "Is it all the way in?" she asked when he stopped for a moment.

"Not quite yet. I just wanted to give you a chance to get used to it."

"So thoughtful," she sighed. "Nathan used to say that there were two types of men when it came to making love to a woman. 'The fucker' and 'the lover'. The difference is that the fucker is only interested in his own pleasure while the lover realizes that the more you stimulate the woman, the greater the experience for him. I can tell you right now you're definitely a lover."

Smiling at the praise, he slowly eased his cock all the way in.

She tightened her legs around his waist and arched her back, offering him a chance to go even deeper. "Go slow, lover. I want to feel your cock all the way inside me."

Grabbing both hips, he pressed in while pulling her towards him until his cock pressed against the very depths of her pussy.

"So deep," she groaned. "Nathan was never able to get this deep. Ohhhhhh ..."

"What about other lovers?" he asked quizzically.

Her eyes opened and seemed to focus on him for the first time since they'd started. "Nathan was my first and only lover."

Startled, he asked, "What about all the rumors?"

"Oh those," she continued as she held his cock inside her. "To be honest I gave more than my share of hand jobs in school and, if I may say so, I can suck a cock better than any woman you'll ever know but Nathan was the first I let fuck me. His was the first, though not necessarily the best, cock I've ever felt in me."

"Maybe I shouldn't take that memory from you," he teased as he started to withdraw.

Clamping her legs even tighter around his waist she cried out, "NO! Don't you dare take your cock out of me. I told you earlier that from now on I'm your island wife so put it back in. Put your cock back in me and don't ever take it out of me like that again."

He obeyed her plea and pushed his rock hard cock into her hungry pussy. "Is this what you wanted?" he teased again.

"Yes."

"You want my cock buried deep inside of you?"

"Yes."

"Then what?"

"I want you to fuck me."

"What do you want me to fuck?"

"My pussy. I want you to fuck my pussy."

Still holding his cock in place, he knew he had but one more question to ask. A question that Rachel had told him would show that a woman was giving herself completely to her partner. A question that could be answered with just one word. "I couldn't hear you. What is it you want me to fuck?"

"My pussy," she answered once again.

"I still can't hear you," he quipped.

Confused for a moment, the answer suddenly burst from her memory. A word that almost no woman used except with her lover. "My cunt. C - U - N - T!! I want you to fuck my cunt. I want to feel your cock buried all the way in my cunt."

Slowly he sank his cock into the depths until it was once again completely buried in her. She shuttered from the exquisite feeling of having his stiff cock filling her, and instinctively started rocking her hips. He responded by pumping slowly in and out with long deep strokes.

"Ooooohhhhhh, it feels soooo gooood," she moaned.

A guttural groan escaped from deep within him as he began to ram his cock harder, faster and deeper into her.

She responded by thrusting her hips upward, meeting him thrust for thrust. She quickly released her hold around his waist and planted her feet on the floor, pushing back against his cock. Each downward thrust of his was met by a corresponding upward thrust of her own. The sound of their flesh slapping against each other filled the hut.

His body pressed down against her, her tits flattened against his chest. He took both hands and encircled the outer edges and squeezed them together. Then he slipped his thumbs up to each of her nipples and gently rubbed them.

"Ohhhhhhh, I love it. I love the way you play with my tits." She felt herself getting more excited and began thrusting upward even faster and harder. She wanted her pussy to love and caress every inch of his cock.

Suddenly it was her turn to ask, "Do you like fucking me? Do you like feeling your cock slide all the way in me?"

"Oh yes," he groaned and started pumping furiously, slamming harder and harder into her. His breathing began to get ragged.

His cock plunged in and out of her pussy and she realized that she was only moments from exploding into the most climatic orgasm of her life. Though she had experience orgasms by using her hands and when Nathan made love to her, she somehow knew that none of them would ever compare to what she was about to experience.

So wrapped up in her own lustful bliss, she barely noticed when he said, "I'm going to cum, Miranda! Should I pull out, or can I cum in your pussy?"

This was the moment of reality that she had inwardly questioned. Could she possibly let herself go and truly become his island wife? The answer exploded from her core as she felt her own orgasm erupting. "Keep ... fucking ... me," she rasped in time with their fucking. "Fuck ... my ... cunt. Cum ... in ... me. Fuck ... me. Fill ... my ... cunt ... with ... your ... cum. I ... want ... you ... to ... shoot ... your ... load ... in ... me!!".

Any doubts that either had about what they were doing disintegrated at that moment as his cum surged from the tip of his cock, coating the walls of her pussy and he bellowed, "I'm cumming. Oh yes, cumming deep in your pussy. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh ...".

His body began jerking and he lunged forward, pile-driving his cock deep into her as it began spewing into her pussy, but not just any pussy. This was the pussy of his island wife and this was their first time, something that could never be repeated.

Feeling his cum exploding into her, she couldn't hold back any longer. "Oh honey, I'm cuummming, too. I never imagined it would feel this good. Oh, baby, don't stop. Keep fucking me. Fill my cunt with your cum. Soooo good. Harder, that's it just a little more. Now ... now ... n ... AAAAEEEIIIIIIIII," she screeched.

Every bird on the plateau instantly took flight at the sound of her orgasmic release but neither of them cared as she encircled her arms around him and held him tightly. At the same time, her pussy quivered, contracted, and squeezed the length of his spurting cock, trying to milk every last drop of cum from it.

Together, they collapsed into each other's arms, both of them completely spent. Their hearts were beating as fast as a sprint runner, their breathing was deep and deliberate. Slowly, they calmed down, and began to return to normal.

Finally rolling off of her, he looked up at the roof as she snuggled against him. "I guess I better start making a bed for us," he sighed.

"That would probably be a good idea," she responded as sleep overcame both of them.

That night, Aaron's dreams were filled with visions of Rachel yet as the night wore on they slowly changed into Miranda. The feel of her body pressed against his almost seemed real as the sun began to shine through the window. Yet there was something more to his dreams as he felt her nestled next to him.

Lifting his head, he was surprised to see her looking back up at him.

"Good morning."

"Good morning, gorgeous."

"How are you feeling?"

"Mmmmmmm, absolutely fantastic," he replied stretching.

"Any regrets?"

"None at one."

"I'm glad to hear that," she purred as she slid up his body, pressing her tits against his chest. "I was afraid you'd feel guilty this morning."

"For what? Making love to the most beautiful woman I've ever met?"

"I wasn't sure. I heard you mumble Rachel's name last night in your sleep and well ... you know."

"Ya, I know. But what happened to her and I was before I had you. I cared about her a lot and she taught me a lot but I never ..."

"Never what?"

"Never would have asked her to be my wife. Island or otherwise."

Suddenly, she felt his cock hardening below her and her eyes seemed to shimmer as she slid off of him. "I think somebody needs some help this morning and I know just the way," she giggled as she pulled the cover off of them.

His cock was right in front of her and what a cock it was. She stared in amazement at its length and thickness. "No wonder I felt like you were going to split me open." Tentatively, she put her hand out to grasp it, but could just barely get her fingers all the way around it.

Aaron let out a long, slow breath in reaction to her touch. "I hadn't realized that I'd be that sensitive this morning."

"That's probably because it was such a tight fit. Give it time for my body to get used to this monster and it will be just fine. In the mean time I think I know exactly what will help," she said as she slowly started to stroke his cock with her hand. Looking back up at him, she noticed how intently he was watching her every motion. Their eyes met and they smiled. A sure sign as far as she was concerned that he trusted her with whatever she had in mind. Then she looked back at the immense cock that was right in front of her. Leaning forward, she stuck out her tongue, and started to gently lick the underside.

"Oh," he muttered. "That tickles but in a good way."

Smiling, she continued to lick up and down on his cock coating it with the wetness from her tongue. She pursed her lips and slowly slid them over the tip of his cock and started to gently suck.

"Ohmigod. Ohmigod," he gasped, and his hips jerked.

She quickly settled her hand on his lap to hold him down as she continued to suck on his cock, bobbing her my head up and down, while at the same time stroking him with her other hand.

She coated his cock with her spit as her hand followed her mouth up and down the length. Occasionally, she'd pull all the way off and either stick her tongue into the slit on top or lick the underside of his cock head like a popsicle. 

His breathing was becoming heavier the longer she continued. Instinctively, he placed his hands on the back of her head. She knew he was going to cum soon and she wanted to taste his cum before swallowing his entire load. She started stroking faster with her hand while keeping the cock head securely in her mouth until he cried out, "I'M CUMMMMMIIINNGGGG." Strand after strand shot into her mouth as she sucked and swallowed as fast as she could, draining his balls and taking his entire load without losing a drop.

When she was done, she sat up and used her index finger to wipe a few stray drops of cum from the corner of her mouth. Then opening wide, she licked the remains from her finger. "Mmmmmmm, yummy."

He was still breathing heavily and his eyes were closed, his head rolled back in the afterglow of his orgasm. After a few moments, he opened his eyes and looked down at her. "That was incredible."

Smiling, she slid back up his body and replied, "I told you that I could suck a man's cock better than any woman you'd ever met."

"You certainly can," he said as he took her in his arms and kissed her passionately, tasting the salty, tangy flavor of his cum.

They kissed long and hard, their tongues battling each other. When they pulled away, he looked down at her breasts. Her tits were easily within reach. Wrapping her in his arms, he rolled them over so now she was under him, laying on the floor.

Instantly, his finger began to lightly trace around her areola, watching as they darkened and small bumps formed around their edges. "I love playing with your tits. They're ... I'm not sure how to explain it. They're soft yet firm. When I squeeze them it's almost like I'm squeezing bread dough yet they go right back to their original shape. They're so big and sexy but they don't sag at all. I can't keep my hands off of them. And just look at your nipples. They're begging to be sucked," he concluded as he rubbed a nipple between his index finger and thumb.

She instantly felt a warm glow between her legs as he played with her tit. "It felt so good last night when you sucked on them," she told him, hoping he would take the hint.

"Maybe I should do it again then," he teased.

"I think I'd like that," she giggled in reply.

"I'm going to lick and suck on your tits till it drives you crazy! Then I'm going to kiss and lick your pussy until you cum!" He hadn't had the opportunity to do that the night before but the image of him between her legs sent a tremor up and down her spine in anticipation.

Coyly she asked, "And just when do you plan on doing this?"

"To quote a very beautiful woman, 'Would now be too soon?'"

As seductively as she could she whispered, "Not at all. I think I'd love to have you eat my pussy."

Stretching out next to her, he lightly kissed her lips, his hand fondling and toying with her breasts and nipples. He could feel the heat growing in each of them.

With the attention and patience of an explorer learning new territory, he slowly moved across her body. Gently he kissed the area below her ear and was rewarded with a gentle sigh. Caressing her neck elicited a moan from deep within and when he lightly drew circles across her shoulders felt a tremor ripple down her body.

Slowly, he moved lower and lower. Kissing and licking the area between her neck and breasts brought an unexpected reward as he watched her nipples slowly grow and harden until they resembled the eraser on a pencil.

"I've never felt so sexy before," she sighed. "I never imagined I could get so turned on just by having a man kiss me like you are."

An unseen smile crossed his face as he used his fingertips to lightly trace across the flesh of her shoulders and arms. He felt 'goose bumps' develop wherever he touched. His hands and mouth never seemed to stop and were continuously exploring new areas. His hand slowly traveled down the side of her body lightly touching the outer edge of her breast before stopping on her outer thigh. Almost as if giving a massage, he fondled and pressed the flesh while his mouth moved lower, in between her breasts. His tongue lashed out licking and kissing her cleavage.

"So good. Don't stop," she whispered.

He slid his hand to the front of her thigh and slowly moved upwards until he cupped her breast, the nipple still sticking straight up into the air begging to be sucked. Lifting his head, he put his warm mouth engulfed her tit. His wet tongue rolling over the engorged nipple.

"Ohmigod ... can't believe ... to soon ... OOOHHHH," she cried as she arched her back, offering more of her tit to him.

As he continued to suck on one nipple, he reached up and gently pinched the other one. He slid his free hand down to the junction above her legs and teased her public hairs, first sliding across them and then twirling them around a finger and gently pulling.

The heady aroma of her arousal filled the hut, a light sheen of moisture appearing along the furrow of her pussy. He took a finger and stroked it between her pussy lips so that it was coated with her juices. Then he took that finger and rubbed it over her nipple, coating it with her sweet pussy juice. As soon as he removed the finger, he plunged his mouth back on that nipple and began to suck.

Her hands laced into his hair holding him there as he placed his hand back over her pussy. With one stroke, his finger slid between her nether lips and pressed against her swollen clit. It was more than she could take. The sensation of him sucking on her tits and fingering her clit put her into a frenzy as her body began to shudder and convulse. She knew she couldn't, and didn't want to, hold back any longer as she slid over the edge. "Cuuummmiiinnnggg," she moaned, softly.

Her pussy started quivering and she could feel a flood of juices flowing from it. Though small in comparison to the orgasm she'd experienced the night before, she felt her body trembling with orgasmic release. Somewhere in her fogged mind she tried to figured out why and how her new lover had been able to do this to her so quickly. Yet in the end, she realized she really didn't care just so long as he didn't stop.

Gently removing his finger from between her pussy lips, he sat there watching her. Her body was quivering and jerking from the orgasm he had caused. Slowly she caught her breath and looked up to see him kneeling over her. Their eyes met and locked and it somehow triggered another set of small orgasmic tremors to glide over her. Then suddenly she felt pressure against her pussy and opened her eyes. His head was now between her legs, his fingers gently stroking her lips as he kissed them tenderly.

"What are you ...?" she croaked as her throat tightened in anticipation.

"Remember, I promised to eat your pussy." Dropping her head back, she couldn't believe that she could live through so much pleasure again so soon. She could feel his tongue lightly stroking her pussy, lapping up her juices. He would start at the bottom and slide his tongue all the way up, going up and down, lapping up her juices as they flowed from her.

She had no idea how long he did this before she felt his tongue slip between the lips, probing the walls of her pussy. His actions were getting just the response he had hoped for as she spread her legs wider and hooked her heels under his armpits pulling him closer. It felt so good she instinctively began rocking her hips to meet his tongue. Then he took his tongue and started at the bottom of her pussy, firmly licking all the way up until his tongue reached her clit. When he pressed his tongue firmly against it she couldn't help but jerk. Her heels dug in harder as she pressed her pussy against his mouth, grinding it against his face.

His tongue swirled around her clit and it wasn't long before he could tell she was approaching another orgasm.

Her breath became ragged and irregular as she pressed herself against his tongue. Glancing upwards, he watched in fascination as she grabbed her tits in her hands and squeezed. More startling was when she pinched her nipples between her index finger and thumb, pulling on them until it seemed they would rip from her body before she released them and they snapped back into place.

Her voice was strained as she began moaning. "Feels wonderful ... yessssss ... right there ... oh honey you make my pussy feel soooo goooood."

At that moment he reached up and inserted two fingers into her pussy, rubbing across the upper wall pressing against her 'g-spot'.

"Ohhhhhh FUCK!" she cried out, as she mashed her pussy against his face.

His tongue pressed against her clit and she exploded into another orgasm. "Oh baby ... I'm cumming again ... You're making me cum again ... Oh keep eating my pussy ... ohmigod ... ohmigod ... ohmigod," she chanted before her mouth flew open as if trying to scream but all he heard was a deep satisfied groan. Her body heaved and bounced up and down in ecstasy, finally arching in one last spasm of release before collapsing.

Lovingly, he continued to caress her inner thigh, planting tender kisses on her pussy lips, no longer trying to arouse her but simply to show how much he cared for her.

When her orgasm had finally subsided he scooted up over her body. With his large hands he grasped the outsides of each of her tits and pushed them together, creating a deep cleavage between them. Then he pushed his face into the area between her tits and started gently kissing. He kissed and licked on her soft breasts, finally finding his way to a nipple once again. He slowly licked and flicked his tongue over it, alternating from one breast to the other. Tenderly, he looked up at her and smiled.

"Do you like my tits?" she asked, already knowing the answer!

"I told you earlier how beautiful they are and how much I love sucking on them."

"Come up here and give me a kiss," she said with a smile.

He slid his body up and their lips met and locked once again, their tongues probing each other's mouths, darting against each other. When he slid further up over her body, she felt his rigid cock pressing against her. She could feel it rubbing against her moist pussy and realized that she had never wanted to be fucked so badly in all her life. This time there would be no resistance, no hesitancy. She wanted every inch of his cock inside her.

Reaching between them she wrapped her hand around it. Hot, hard, soft, velvety, smooth. Words seemed to flow through her as she tried to describe it before she spread her legs wide apart and began rubbing it against her pussy.

A questioning looked filled his face. "Are you sure?"

Opening her eyes, she stared right into his gaze and whispered, "Absolutely. I've made myself cum 4 or 5 times in a single day when I've played with myself but right now ... this minute ... there is nothing else in the world I want more then to have you fuck me. I want your cock in my pussy. I want to feel it sliding in and out, stretching me and filling me. Last night ... Last night was about taking care of our 'needs'. 'Needs' that we had both felt growing the longer we were here. I admit I had my doubts at first but not any more. Now as your wife, I want you to fuck me. From now on I'm yours anytime and any place and I hope you feel the same." She continued as she rubbed her pussy against him.

He looked at her and then slowly raised his hips. Intuitively, she positioned the tip of his cock at the opening of her pussy. Slowly he eased into her and they felt the walls of her pussy stretch to take him. There was no pain, only pleasure, as he slid deeper and deeper.

"This feels unbelievable. I can feel it inside of me. Put it all the way in. I want to feel it against my cervix. I know it hurts some women but last night it ... well, it hurt a little but at the same time it felt sooooo good. Now be a good husband ... and fuck me hard," she finished as she scooted her hips up to give him a better angle to shove his cock into her eager pussy.

"Your pussy's so wet and tight."

"That's it honey, put it all the way in."

He gave one final thrust, and she could tell that his cock was completely buried in her. They held each other, motionless, for a moment, then they kissed. Slowly, he started pulling his cock back out of her pussy. He felt the muscles tighten as she moaned. He withdrew his cock almost completely out, and then he reversed and plunged it deep back into her.

"Oh yesssss ... ... that's it. Fuck me, lover ... faster ... harder. Oh your cock feels so good in me." She was thrusting upward meeting his downward moves, as they moved together in perfect unison. In and out his cock kept plunging into her pussy. He raised up slightly and watched her big tits bounce around as he fucked her. They were wobbling up and down, and rolling around, responding to the movements of his cock pumping in and out of her pussy.

"That's it darling. Harder ... faster. Fill my pussy. Fuck me. Don't stop ... please don't ever stop. I'm so close. Ohmigod, so turned on. Need you so bad. Need your cock. Need you inside of me. AArrgghhhh.

It only seemed like moments before he felt the familiar sensations deep in his groin. "I'm going to cum, Miranda," he yelled. Once again, like last night, he asked, "Should I pull out?"

"NO!! FILL MY CUNT WITH YOUR CUM. I WANT YOU TO SHOOT YOUR LOAD DEEP INSIDE ME. BURY YOUR COCK DEEP IN ME AND COVER MY CUNT WITH YOUR CUM. FUCK ME, BABY ... OHHHHH ... FUCK ME HARD," she screamed as she thrashed about under him, eager to have him fill her pussy again with his cum.

Positioning himself so he was on his elbows and toes he lunged forward, slamming his cock deep into her pussy. As he moaned, she felt his cock spewing forth another load of his cum, filling her pussy yet again. He kept jerking, driving his cock deeper and harder with each movement as he filled her.

"Ohmigod! You're making me feel so good. That's it ... keep fucking me ... oh your cock's so big ... honey, I can feel you filling my pussy with your cum! Fuck me, darling, fuck your wife! I want to be your wife and have you fuck me forever!!"

The words had barely left her mouth when she exploded into the most earth-shattering orgasm of the day as she threw her legs around him, pulling him deeper into her. The feeling was like nothing she'd ever felt, a warm fluttering sensation almost overshadowed the exquisite feeling of his throbbing cock, buried deep inside her clutching pussy.

Through her orgasmic haze she thought, "Could it be? I haven't taken anything in months. Nathan and I were trying. When was the last time I had my period? Can I really count on that after everything we've gone through?"

The questions flooded her mind but ultimately just like when she'd asked 'How?' and 'Why?' it didn't really matter. She was happier than she'd thought she could ever be after Nathan's death. She was wrapped in the arms of a man who really cared for her. A man who had built a life for them. A man that she knew would be there for her no matter what the future held.

It wasn't long before she felt his cum, mixed with her own pussy juices, oozing out of her and dribbling down her ass.

Gently, she pushed him over and onto his side. Her leg was draped over him and they snuggled facing each other, his cock still buried in her pussy, holding his cum inside almost like a cork in a bottle. They kissed and held each other tightly.

Suddenly sitting up, he looked down at her. "I have just one question?"

"Ok."

"If you and I became island spouses yesterday, does that mean this is our honeymoon?'

Laughingly she replied, "I guess it does."

"I hope it lasts forever!" he said as he laid back down and they drifted off to sleep.

The sun was high by the time he woke up. Once again, he found her sitting on the terrace, lost in thought and watching the waves roll in.

Taking her by the hand he spun her around and kissed her gently. "You know this is crazy. You're my aunt, my step-mother, and now my island wife."

Reflecting on what he'd said she replied, "So?"

"Sooooo, I guess that makes me the luckiest guy in the world," he said while thinking, "... or I just live a charmed life."



A Charmed Life Ch. 02
byGhostwalker©

(With continued thanks to my editor 'larryinseattle' without whose help my stories would be nothing more than words on a page)





For Miranda and Aaron, the days soon became weeks and weeks became months. Since landing on the island after their ship had been wrecked, a lot had changed. The most dramatic was that Miranda who had been his aunt and step-mother was now his 'Island Wife'.

After the wreck, they had salvaged various supplies from some semi-flooded freight containers which had allowed them to build the hut that they now called home. Built entirely of bamboo and thatch, the only change that they had made was to take down the individual hammocks and build a bed for two after they became lovers.

Now their days were filled with the basics such as gathering fruit, hunting or fishing, and maintaining the signal fire that they had prepared on the highest, close point to their hut.

In addition, Miranda had proven to be a wizard at making clothing from the material they had salvaged from one of the freight containers which was perfect since their activities frequently exposed them to the sun and occasionally to sharp edges of the plants. That was why Aaron was more than a little surprised when he came into the hut one afternoon and found her sitting there in only her bikini bottoms.

"What's up?"

"What do you mean?"

Pointing at her bottoms he replied, "I mean that?"

A quizzical looked covered her face.

"You're not going out like that are you?"

"Why not? You've seen me in a lot less."

"I know, it's just ..."

"Just what?"

"The sun and the bugs and the plants ..."

"Ok, so what about them? We're only going down to the pond for a picnic and a swim, so what's the big deal? Or don't you like my tits anymore?"

"You know it's not that," he retorted. "It's just ...?"

"JUST WHAT?" she replied in an exasperated tone.

"I don't know. Let's just skip it and enjoy the day."

Grabbing the picnic basket that she had made from various grasses and vines she headed out the door. "That sounds FINE with me!"

Inwardly he cringed. There was that word again: FINE. Somehow he had done it again, whatever 'it' was. Over the last several weeks he had noticed that her mood seemed to swing from one extreme to the other and he had no idea why, just that it always seemed to be his fault.

Quickly following her down the trial that he had carved out of the underbrush, he barely caught up with her before they arrived at the pond.

Together, they spread out a blanket also made from the material they had salvaged and stretched out to enjoy the sound of the water falling from the waterfall. Slowly, the tension between them dissipated and they found themselves laughing and teasing each other as they ate a lunch of fish and papaya, washed down with coconut juice and topped with fresh pineapple that he had found the day before.

Then suddenly she stood up and stared at him.

"Oh, oh," he thought.

Quickly she peeled off her bikini bottoms and placed her hands on her hips, exposing herself to him. Standing 5-foot, 7-inches tall in her bare feet, she seemed to tower over him. Her once brunette hair was now sun-streaked and the bikini lines that had originally been there were almost totally gone. The 36C-28-38 frame that he had found so appealing when they had first landed had changed in a 'good way' as he told himself and become fuller and lusher.

"Do you like my body?"

"Aaarrgghhh," he groaned inwardly. A trick question if there ever was one. If he said 'Yes' she'd want to know what was wrong with the way she used to look but if he said 'No' she'd think he didn't appreciate the way she looked now. "I ... ahhhh ... I ..."

"WELL?"

"I love your body," he replied hoping he had avoided becoming the bad guy.

"So you like these?" she asked, cupping and hefting her breasts.

"Yep."

"And this?" she continued as she slid her hand down over her stomach.

"Yep."

Spinning around, she looked over her shoulder as she grabbed her ass cheeks, "And what about this?"

"Gorgeous."

Spinning once again so she was facing him, she spread her legs before bringing her hands around between her thighs. Her fingers glazed lightly over her public hair before she slid them down and spread the outer lips of her pussy. "And even this?"

"Absolutely," he said stressing the word. He had no idea what was going on but knew from the look on her face that whatever it was he must be giving the right answers.

"And do you really mind when I walk around nude?"

"Not really. I'm just worried that you might get hurt."

Silently, she stood there. "Listen, I want to make you happy. If that means you want me to be covered from head to toe I will be, but if you want to see me nude, I don't mind being that way for you either. So just let me know what you want. I know that this is going to sound crazy but from the moment I met you I knew that there was going to something special between us. Not like this of course," she gestured to the area around her, "but some type of ... I don't know ... bond, I guess is a good word. And since the wreck, it has become so much more. I mean it's not just the physical, which I'm definitely not complaining about, but something ... well, more. Do you understand?"

"I think I do," though in fact he really didn't. All he knew was that as his eyes slowly took in the sight of her body, his own was reacting and a sizable lump was growing in the front of his shorts.

"Are you sure?" she asked as she watched his cock grow even more.

"Oh ya, I'm sure."

"Good. Enough of that then. I'm going for a swim!" she chided as she spun around and headed for the pond.

As he sat there, his mind tried to make sense of what had just happened but all he seemed able to do was watch as she walked away. He noticed a little extra spring in her step, which caused her tits to bounce up and down while her ass muscles flexed, accentuating their roundness and the tightness of her legs. The next thing he knew he was standing next to the pond's edge with her. It was as if he were being drawn by a magnet with no choice of his own.

Taking his hand, she stepped into the water before sitting down on a rock. When she turned her head slightly, she found herself staring directly at the bugle in the front of his shorts. "Ohhhhh, and just what do we have here?" she giggled.



He looked down and was mildly surprise to see that his cock had barely softened as he'd followed her. "Well, I guess ... mmmmm ... well ... ahhhh ... watching you touching herself and asking if I liked what I saw ... it's just that you're so damn sexy to look at!"

"Hmmm ... I guess I'll have to do something to help you then, won't I?" she whispered as she leaned forward and pulled his trunks down. His hard cock sprang out and smacked against her tits.

"It seems like this fella knows where he wants to go," she snickered as she leaned further forward and let his cock nestle between her tits before she pressed them together, engulfing it.

"Would you like to fuck my tits?"

Since arriving on the island they had lost all their inhibitions about having sex together, anytime or anyplace that both agreed, so it was no surprise when he sighed, "Yessss."

They both smiled as he started working his cock up and down between her tits. Soon his cock head popped up through her cleavage and she bent her head down, licking the tip.

"That's it darling ... fuck my tits."

He groaned as she taunted him. The sound of her voice and the explicit words just added a new level to his excitement. "That's not fair ... aarrgghhh," he wheezed as he started to piston his cock faster.

She loved the feel of his hard cock sliding between the soft, warm flesh of her tits. With each thrust, they jiggled and she could tell as he stared down at her chest that he loved watching. "There's no doubt that he's a tit man," she thought.

As his cock slid between her tits, she continued to tease it with her tongue. Almost like a snake, she would flick her tongue over his cockhead and slit each time it reappeared.

All too soon, he started thrusting faster and faster, his cock gliding smoothly between her large tits as she pressed them together around it until she felt his body start to jerk.

"Oh fuck ... I'm gonna cum," he moaned.

"Go ahead, lover. Cum for me. Cover my tits with a layer of your man-cream. Coat them until it drips off them," she said seductively as she held her tits together and watched the head appear and disappear faster and faster.

When she looked upwards, their eyes met and the unspoken words that pass between lovers were spoken. Then without warning, his cock burst forth with a powerful blast of cum. It hit under her chin and dribbled onto her neck and tits. She tilted her head downwards so that she was looking right at his cock when another shot of cum rocketed from the tip, hitting her across her lips. Her mouth opened, ready to catch any more spurts as his cock shot another spurt that landed directly where she had hoped. Immediately, she closed her lips to savor and swallow it and he hit her with another spurt, this time right across her cheek all the way up to her eye. Quickly, she scooped it off of her face and snaked her tongue out to lick the delicious cum from her fingers.

"You covered me," she sighed when his cock stopped and she released it from between her tits.

As he stepped backwards, his still rigid cock suddenly gave two more powerful spurts that sent strands of cum onto her tits. Startled at first, they both soon found themselves laughing at the cum shower he had given her.

Without even thinking about it, she began to wipe the lingering cum off her face with her fingers and then lick them clean until there wasn't a drop left. Then, looking down at the cum covering her tits, she started massaging it in while he sat watching her every move.

"You know, I once read that cum is one of the best skin moisturizers there is. I just wonder if it works just as good as a suntan lotion?" She nonchalantly continued to massage it onto her tits, neck and cheeks.

"Oh I'm sure it is," he laughed.

"Well at least I know where there is a good supply of it whenever I need some," she teased as she stood and waded further into the pond.

The water was warm and refreshing as it rose up over her body. Slowly she lowered herself into its depth until just her head was showing and then graceful as a mermaid, she slid beneath its surface. Her hair flowed around her like a halo as she ran her fingers through it loosening the tangles that developed daily. Striking an especially stubborn one she surfaced. "Oops, a spurt must have hit there and I didn't even realize it," she thought to herself, realizing that the tangle was probably caused by Aaron's cum.

Seeing the water tumbling over the falls, she swam to it and then climbed up on the smooth rocks beneath. Standing under the cascading water, she let it tumble over her almost as if she were in a shower. As she washed her tits, she thought about how good he made her feel when he sucked on them. Deftly, her hands moved to her nipples but when she pinched them, she felt a twinge of pain along with the usual pleasure. "What ...?" she thought. Taking her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers she again applied pressure and felt the same slightly painful sensation. "Hmmmm ... going to need to keep track of that," she said to herself.

Continuing with her nature shower, she washed her shoulders, arms, and face before moving lower to her stomach. Normally flat and smooth, she found just the slightest bulge near the belly-button. Her mind began to race through the possibilities until one emerged before all the rest. "Could I be ...?" she started to ask herself.

Suddenly, she shuddered as if the water had become ice-cold. It wasn't from fear but from desire and excitement. Her parents had divorced before she knew what a 'normal family' could be. "A mother, father, and child or maybe children," she reflected as she smiled. But now as she stood there, tenderly massaging her stomach, she wondered to herself if that dream might be possible. "I wonder what Aaron will think if I'm pregnant? Does he even want children?" she thought.

The problem was how to approach him about it. She debated whether to bring it up or wait to see if he mentioned it first. With all the love-making and fucking they'd done since arriving on the island, he must have given at least some thought to the idea that she might become pregnant. Briefly, she recalled how he'd asked her the first several times if she wanted him to pull out of her when he was about to cum and how she'd said 'No'. "Was that his way of asking? Was that his way of finding out if I wanted to get pregnant or not? He couldn't possibly think that she was on 'The Pill' after all these months, could he?" she asked herself.

Overwhelmed by her thoughts, she continued to softly stroke her stomach. Retreating to her memories of the days before the wreck, she began to slowly run her hands over her body searching for any changes that might answer her question.

Tentatively, she started at her face. She remembered how her mother had related that her face had swollen when she was pregnant but she had also said something about having problems with the pregnancy. Another shiver ran through her body, "Please no," she prayed but there was no swelling. Next, her hands slid down to her breasts but this time she gently explored and caressed every inch. They did feel like they were a little larger and fuller. Cupping and lifting them, she noticed that they also felt heavier but that could have been from all the attention Aaron had been paying to them. The same with the increased sensitivity of the nipples. After all, he was a 'tit man' and she loved it when he paid special attention to them even if it did get a little rough at times.

Her stomach was next, Yes, it was a little bigger but she could explain that away due to the change in diet and lack of strenuous exercise. "Nothing a couple dozen sit-ups a day couldn't get rid of," she murmured. Finally, she slid her hand down to the junction of her legs. Delicately, she explored and investigated her pussy. The lips were full and swollen and fluids covered her fingers almost immediately yet she could also explain that away with what she and Aaron had just done and had been doing daily since they had arrived. A ripple of pleasure flowed through her body as she thought about their love-making and she recalled how deep his cock had been inside of her, sometimes pressing right against the opening to her womb, when he'd cum.

Her hands began to move as if they had a mind of their own. She lightly strummed her finger across her clit and felt it grow. With her other hand, she spread the lips of her pussy. Water vapor and mist splashed against the sensitive skin. Slowly, her hand slid down from her clit and began to slip into the warm, tight confines of her love-tunnel. "Yesssss," escaped from between her clenched teeth. As much as she'd learned to enjoy playing with herself it wasn't the same as Aaron's long, hard cock pushing and thrusting into her daily.

That was when it hit her and she stopped what she was doing, her hands falling to her sides as if they'd become wet noodles. The word flashed in her mind over and over again like a neon sign. 'Daily ... Daily ... Daily." How could they have done it 'daily' if she'd had her period. She had never been the type to make-love during that time of the month. "When was the last time I even had my period?" she asked herself.

She sat down on the rocks behind the waterfall and began to try to remember. She had her cycle regularly before her wedding and while they had been on the yacht. In fact, she had just finished her period a few days before the wreck. Then she had one about a month afterwards but ... she hesitated as she realized that it had been almost three months since her last period and it all suddenly made sense. Fuller, heavier breasts, sensitive nipples, slightly larger stomach, continuously wet pussy, no period ... it could only mean one thing. "I'M PREGNANT!!!" she yelled for all the world to hear yet even Aaron who was only a few yards away didn't hear her because of the sound of the cascading waters.

Pictures and articles she'd read about pregnancy ran through her mind until one pressed forward and held. The picture of a woman nursing her child. She surprised herself by giggling as she thought about it. Her hand instinctively rose to her nipple and she lightly pinched it wonder what it would feel like to nurse a baby and when she'd start producing milk. "And what about Aaron? He was such a 'tit man' would he want to nurse on her swollen, milk-laden tits too?" she wondered before adding, "I hope so," resulting in a sensuous shiver to slide over her body.

The thought of him latching onto her and nursing from her caused her nipples to stiffen and ache. Quickly, she slid back into the pond in hopes of relieving the throbbing in her chest. Instead, it seemed to stimulate her as she felt the warm water swirl around her breasts, stimulating the nipples. It seemed to tickle them. It caressed the region between her legs and she found herself spreading them without a thought.

Instinctively, she let her hands roam across her body. Each touch seemed somehow different with her new-found knowledge. "How big will my breasts get?" she thought as she cupped them. "And what about my nipples? I've read how they get larger, too, so the baby has something to latch on to." She giggled as she pinched them trying to imitate what a child might feel like. "And with my luck, my stomach will get as big as a house," she snickered. The whole time she was questioning herself, her hand moved lower and lower until she felt her fingertip glide through her public hair and brush across her hooded clit. "And what about this? Will it still feel the same when we make love? Will he even want to make love to me when I'm so big? And if he does, how will I feel? Will it hurt, will it feel as good as it does now or won't I feel anything at all?" She continued these questions until a thought filled her with dread. "Who will deliver the baby?"

Fortunately, her thoughts were broken when he called from the pond's edge. "How's the water?" before adding jokingly, "You've been in there forever."

"The water is wonderful. You should try it," she told him.

"Well I did get a bit sweaty earlier, you know with working along the beach this morning and then this afternoon's activities," he replied with a smirk on his face.

Then before she could say another word, he dove into the water. She enjoyed seeing him relaxed and enjoying himself. He moved powerfully through the water. Diving and surfacing in a completely new area. Occasionally he'd come up with a shell or beautiful rock that he lay along the shore before diving back in. Life on the island was enjoyable in many ways but not without its dangers and needs, all of which he'd helped to overcome.

Treading water, she realized she wasn't ready to bring up the thoughts that were milling about in her mind. She knew that someday soon she was going to have to talk to him about what she suspected, but not today. Instead, she joined him frolicking in the water.

"This place is absolutely beautiful," she said as they paused in the shallow water.

"It sure is," was his response.

Puzzled by the tone in his voice, she looked back and discovered that he was looking at her instead of the scenery around them.

"You're incorrigible," she laughed.

She turned her back to him and snuggled backwards as she felt his arms encircle her. She felt his skin against hers, warm, tender, comforting, protective, and something more, something deeper, something not physical, something ... but she never finished the thought as she looked over her shoulder. Their lips met tenderly. She felt him place his hands on her hips, holding her and, not surprisingly, his hard cock brushed against her leg.


"Again! You're going to wear that thing out," she whispered teasingly. The truth be known, she would never get tired of the feel of his body against her or of his hard cock inside her.

Seductively, she moved away until she was almost to the shoreline. Then bending over, she spread her legs apart a bit further as she braced herself on the rocks. He instantly recognized her invitation and followed her. Standing behind her, he pressed his cock against her wet pussy lips. She moaned softly as, once again, she felt the head of his cock ease into her, spreading her pussy lips apart. "I feel like some wanton slut and I love it. I love the feel of his hands on me. I love the feel of him holding me. I love the feel of his cock spreading me and I love the feel of his cock buried deep inside me, fucking me," she thought to herself. Even that brought back the memory of a friend who had told her that when she was pregnant, her hormones had gone crazy and that she and her husband had fucked so hard and so often that there were times when they were raw afterwards.

Yet with all of that going on in her mind, she moaned, "Ohhhhh, that feels good," as she felt him pushing deeper into her. Her wet pussy was not only accepting him but inviting him in as its muscles rolled along the length of his shaft.

"It does. It definitely does," he murmured.

Tilting her head downwards and raising her ass higher, she let his cock plunge even further into her excited pussy. His cock went deep into her in one slow, fluid thrust until he hit her cervix and then she flinched.

He stopped immediately. "Are you ok?"

Looking over her shoulder she replied, "Ya, just a little sensitive from all the energetic fucking we've been doing, I guess."

"Do you want to stop?" he queried in a concerned voice.

"No. I just think we'll need to take it a bit easier for awhile," she answered. For the briefest of seconds she thought about telling him why she thought she was so sensitive but the feel of his cock embedded inside her sent it fleeing from her mind.

Gently, he slid from her and then slid back in and then out, and in and out, and in and out.

Quickly, her desire overcame even the slightest bit of pain as she was soon using the rocks for leverage to drive herself back against his cock. "Harder. It doesn't hurt anymore. Fuck me. Deeper. I want all of you buried inside me. I want you to take me. Possess me. I'm yours and only yours. I'm your woman ... your island wife. Fuck me ... fill me. Ohhhhhhhh, that's it. Now, faster. Sooooo gooodddd. Yessssssss," she hissed. Maybe it was having explored her body as she had earlier or maybe it was the idea of being pregnant, but she felt herself soaring towards an orgasm unlike any she'd ever had since the first time they'd become lovers.

"Just feel how wet I am. My puss ... MY ... CUNT ... wants ... you ... deep ... inside ... of ... it. It ... wants ... to ... feel ... you ... slamming ... into ... it ... and ... stretching ... it. So ... hard ... so ... big ... feeling ... so ... full ... Ohhhhhhhh ... yessssssss ... that's ... exactly ... what ... I ... need," she called out in cadence with his thrusts as he moved into her harder and faster.

"You're cunt is so fucking wet and tight," he moaned, mimicking her words.

She could feel his cock stretching her pussy as it molded to his shaft, almost as if it was hugging it.

Reaching under her, he cupped her swinging tits. She moaned louder as he began to pinch her nipples. He squeezed them, rubbed them, and pressed them together. It felt wonderful and all the while, he continued to pump his cock into her snug pussy.

She groaned as she pushed back onto his cock. Fucking her from behind was nothing new for them. In fact, it was their favorite position because of the depth he could get and the added motion she could provide by swaying her hips or thrusting back against him.

With one hand cupping a breast and the other on her shoulder, he continued to plunge his cock fast and deep into her. It was as if he was determined to drive it into her very core.

"Ohmigod, ohmigod, ohmigod ... oh fuck that feels sooo good," she rasped as she felt her cunt squeezing his cock, not wanting to ever let it go.

That single thought stayed in her mind: "Not wanting to ever let it go." It was as if her pussy couldn't survive without his cock deep inside it.

Softly, she let out a little whimper and moan. While her body enjoyed the sensations it was experiencing, her mind swirled back to the idea of pregnancy. "Sure," she thought, "I could already be pregnant from all the times he's fucked me, but if not, then it means I could get pregnant this time - right now - this very moment as he drives his cock deep into me. And every time from now on until I do get pregnant."

The world seemed to spin as she was overwhelmed by the excitement that if she could actually get pregnant from this fucking, if she wasn't already, and her pussy started to spasm around his cock as she felt her impending orgasm.

That was all he needed. He pushed forward, his cock plunging even deeper into her. "I'm going to cummmmm," he snarled almost like a beast in the wild.

She ground her pussy back onto him as his cock pushed further into her, pressing against the opening to her womb. He held her tightly against him as his cock jerked and each strand of cum rocketed from the tip to cover the walls of her pussy. She couldn't help but wonder at the moment if he had any idea that he could have already gotten her pregnant or that it could be happening with each spurt.

Then, suddenly, it didn't matter. She felt it starting deep within the depths of her stomach. A growing tremor unlike almost anything she'd ever felt before. Her vision seemed to narrow until all she could see when she looked between her legs was his cock thrusting into her and his balls slapping against her lust-engorged clit. The tremors built like a runaway train until they exploded and for the first time in her life, she understood what it meant for a woman to squirt. Her juices gushed from her, coating his groin and splashing back onto her ass before rushing down her legs. "I'M AAHHHHH ... OOHHHHHH ... AAAAEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!" she screamed simultaneously just before her world went totally dark.

Later, through a thick layer of gray fog, she heard him gently calling her. When she opened her eyes, she found herself laying back on the picnic blanket they'd. It was wrapped tightly around her and he was leaning over her calling her name. "Miranda. Sweetheart. Can you hear me? Are you ok?"

Slowly, she unraveled an arm and reached up to touch his face. The look of fear and concern were ones that she'd never forget.

"I'm fine," she answered weakly.

"What happened?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you came like I've never seen you cum before and then you blacked out. It was only lucky that I was still holding onto you or you would have fallen and hurt yourself on the rocks." He spoke softly as he cradled her in his arms.

"Oh. I guess ... well, I've never ... ummmm ... I think I just did what they refer to as 'squirting'. I've read that it only happens when a woman is really turned-on and her whole body can release all of the fluids stored in her pussy at one time."

"Ahhh," he replied hesitantly, still not understanding the mysteries that were called 'woman'.

"Well, was there something else?" she asked in response to the tone in his voice.

"Ummmmm ... while you were out, you kept muttering something about babies and pregnancy."

She knew that now was the time to tell him of her suspicions but 'How?' she wondered. An idea quickly formed and with no other alternatives, she acted on it.

Pushing the blanket off, she stood before him and placed her hands on her hips just as she had done earlier. "Do I look pregnant?"

He knew he was being drawn into a situation where angels would fear to tread but he didn't have a choice. "Well ... ahhhh ..."

"I mean look at my breasts. Have they changed since we arrived here? Are they any bigger? And what about my nipples do they seem different? Larger, more sensitive maybe? Or what about the areole do they seem any different?" After she finished her first barrage of questions, she paused.

"Well ... your tits ... do seem a little bigger, not that I mind. As for your nipples, they seem to have gotten a bit larger, too and your areole seem to be a little darker," he answered with the caution of a man walking through a minefield.

"Ok, then what about this," she pointed to her stomach. "Has this changed since we landed? Does it seem different in some way?"

He hesitated just long enough for her to continue.

"And what about this?" she asked as her hand swept down to her pussy. The delicate aroma of sex and something else filling his nostrils. "Does my pussy seem different in some way? When we make love, does it seem like it's gotten bigger, more supple, more sensitive, or maybe wetter?"

She was challenging him and he knew it. There was no way he could avoid answering. He knew that if he tried, it would only cause trouble between them so, taking a deep breath, he replied, "Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, and Yes."

Immediately, she dropped to her knees in front of him and said, "I have just one more question then."

"Ok."

"Nathan once told me that you and he had taken a First Aid class together. Did it cover what needed to be done to deliver a baby?"

Taken by surprise he answered honestly, "Yes."

Leaning even closer, she placed her lips against his ear as she whispered. "Good, because if I'm right, you're going to need that training in about six months ... Daddy."

He sat there stunned, unsure what to say and when he finally did, he stammered, "You mean you're ... we're ... you're going to have ...?"

As she stood back up, she smiled down at him and answered, "Yep, unless I'm really wrong, I'm going to have a baby." After that, she turned and walked up the trail towards the hut.

"... a baby," he finally finished in a low whisper. "She's going to have a baby," he said slightly louder and then as loud as he could, "I'M GOING TO BE A FATHER!!!" He ran up the trail after her.

That night as they lay together wrapped in each other's arms, he whispered the words she was longing to hear. "You know I realized two things today."

"What's that?"

"Number one is that I love you with all my heart and if we're ever rescued from this island I want you to be my wife. I want a wedding and a house and everything that goes along with being a married couple. And number two is that I'm still the luckiest man in the world."

Snuggling closer, she lifted her mouth to his ear. "I think Nathan used to say that you led a charmed life and I think he was right."

After she fell asleep in his arms, he crept to the point overlooking the ocean. He listened to the waves wash against the beach and the sound of the sand rubbing against itself with each wave. He smelled the fragrant scent of the trees and fruits that surrounded him. He looked out across the vast expanse of ocean and was suddenly surprised by the sight of a light almost like a pinpoint far off in the distance. He could tell that whatever it was had come from below the horizon before it soared into the sky, hung there for an instant, and then fell back into the sea.

"What was that?" he asked himself but the only answer was the sound of the breeze rustling in the trees.


A Charmed Life Ch. 03
byGhostwalker©

(With editing and critical input by "larryinseattle" without whom my stories would never be as good.)

*

Rachel sat on the beach watching the flare soar into the sky. It rose higher and higher, then seemed to hang there for the briefest of moments before dropping down into the sea. Inwardly she wondered if maybe, just maybe, this time someone would see it.

It was the fourth rocket she and Dennis had sent up since arriving on their little piece of the ocean, three months before. The island, actually an atoll according to Dennis, was virtually barren of anything usable. A few scrub trees and bushes eked out a meager existence while everything else was covered in a stiff grass. It was only because of Dennis's ingenuity that they had survived at all.

Slowly, everything faded around her as she remembered how it had all begun. Like many from her hometown in Ireland, she sought a better life. In her case that meant the pursuit of the love of cooking. See had been educated in Ireland, Europe, and the US where she had fallen in love.

Jeremy was a culinary student just like she was. They met in school and their relationship had blossomed. They maintained an on-going competition as to who was the best chef and their standing went back and forth throughout school. After graduation, they married just as everyone had expected but within months, things began to change. She quickly obtained a position at a prestigious restaurant located on the "Upper East Side" while he struggled to find anything other then infrequent catering jobs.

The final straw came when she was offered a job on a cruise ship that set sail for the islands of the Caribbean almost weekly. He found the letter on the kitchen table and flew into a violent tirade before she even had a chance to tell him that she wasn't going to take the position so she could stay with him.

By the time she was released from the hospital she had decided the "Big Apple" wasn't for her any longer. Possibly due to her Irish heritage and love of the sea, she soon found herself looking for jobs on any ship that was leaving the area. After just two days, she was hired onto a medium-sized sailing ship that was heading down the coast to Florida. Throughout the day, she worked as a deck-hand but at meal time she dazzled the owner and crew with her cooking. For the next several weeks they sailed 'The Keys' and the Caribbean and it was only when the owner told them that it was time to 'head back North' that she knew her time with them was done.

Disembarking on St. Croix, she soon found herself yet another job, this one in a Caribbean diner, but something was missing and each time she looked out at the sea, she knew what it was. Just two brief months later, she quit to take a job on a yacht heading for the Pacific. The cruise was uneventful since it was a corporately owned ship and she spent many hours in the galley perfecting what she had learned on St. Croix.

When the crew was discharged, she found herself half way around the world on the docks of Santa Barbara, California. For the next week she acted like a tourist, taking in the sights and sounds of the city, but each morning she felt the draw of the sea getting stronger and stronger until once again she was on the docks looking for a job.

As fate would have it, she had just entered a small, local diner that provided food for the working staff of the various yachts when an 'old salt' of a captain walked in and took a seat. The owner of the diner, obviously a friend, came over and took a seat beside him. For the next 15 minutes they made small-talk until she heard the captain ask the owner, "You don't know of a cook that's looking for a job do you? My usual guy got into a bit of a tussle and his wrist is broken." The owner shook his head and Rachel decided now was the time to act.

Standing, she walked up to the captain and announced in a full Irish brogue, "I don' kno' abou' a co'k ba' I kno' of a chef."

"And who might that be?"

"ME," she replied.

The captain gave her a 'once over' before saying, "Prove it."

She stood there until she noticed a glance pass between the captain and the owner. A slight nod was all it took and she headed for the kitchen.

Less than half an hour later, she returned. Broiled halibut on a bed of seared vegetables, a single-serving sized dinner loaf, with fresh Columbian coffee, and for dessert, a bowl of mint ice cream.

Try as he might, he quickly lost his hard-nosed demeanor and said, "Hired," before giving her directions to the yacht between mouths full of food.

She rushed back to her small hotel room, packed her belongings, and was barely on board before the new owner and his party arrived. Peeking from below decks, she saw a gentleman in a tuxedo with a young lady who was obviously his new wife but more surprising was the young man who was accompanying them.

Even now the thought of that moment sent a shiver up and down her spine. At least 6-feet tall, he had brown wavy hair and piercing grey eyes that instantly took her breath away. Listening closely, she learned that his name was Aaron before slipping back into her room. That night for the first time since her marriage had ended, she had a dream that left her so turned on that when she woke, her inner thighs were saturated with her juices.

When she dressed the next morning, she made sure that she was showing all of her 'natural assets' for Aaron to enjoy, and he did. She was surprised to see how a young man with such grooming and upbringing was so shy around a woman; yet she seemed drawn to him even more because of it. That night she slipped into his cabin and they became lovers.

Soon she was spending almost every night with Aaron but that ended 'that night.' They had been asleep in each other's arms when the storm hit and soon afterwards something collided with the yacht. In the confusion, she ended up in the life raft with another crew member, Dennis, while Aaron ended up in the life raft with his adoptive father, Nathan and new step-mother, Miranda.

For awhile, the two rafts stayed together but then a rope that had been hanging off the side of the raft became tangled with something and they were pulled away from the wreck. When the storm ended the next morning, the wreck and the other raft were nowhere in sight, although they thought they saw the other raft far in the distance as it crested a wave later in the day, that was the last they saw of it.

They spent the next seven days in the raft surviving on the meager supplies from the survival kit until Dennis spotted the low, hazy image of their present home. It took most of the day to get them to the atoll. Immediately, he began to prove that behind all his loud talk and bravado there was knowledge to back it up.

Within two days, he had built them a shelter from their life raft and fish traps to capture food but most important, he built them several solar stills to provide fresh water. Having provided for the basics, they decided to rest and recuperate for the next several days, but Mother Nature had other plans.

That night a storm blew in with high waves and winds. Together, they curled up under the make-shift shelter, each holding onto a side to keep it from being blown away. When they crawled out from under it the next morning they were surprised and overwhelmed with what they found.

Scattered across the beach were boxes and plastic containers, ropes, 55-gallon drums, rolls of cloth, and wooden planks that they quickly recognized as being from their yacht. Yet, Dennis was far more intrigued by what he saw half-submerged just off shore. There, a large, yellow shipping container sat on the reef that surrounded their little home.

Plunging into the water, he reached the container and using a rock, broke open the lock holding it shut. Once open, he began pulling the contents out and carrying it to shore. Over and over he repeated the trip until, at last, the container was empty.

At the same time, she had been doing an inventory of the boxes. Due to the variety of goods, she guessed that the container must have been heading for a convenience store or truck stop. Inside the boxes and containers she had found beef jerky, snack packs of various cheeses, packages of candy, crackers, souvenir coffee mugs, canned meats, dry goods, ponchos, small canisters of propane gas, charcoal, tea, three tanks of helium, and box after box of heavy-duty party balloons.

That night they feasted on SPAM breaded with crushed potato chips and topped with melted cheese, canned carrots, tea sweetened with honey, and chocolate bars for dessert. When they were done, Dennis put coals from their fire into 4 small cans and placed them in the corners of their shelter. For the first time since the wreck they had full stomachs and a warm place to sleep.

When she awoke the next morning, she found Dennis sitting on the shore staring at the shipping container. "You know, I think I can get that thing out of the water."

"For what?"

"It would make a lot better shelter than the raft we're using now as well as provide a better place to store our supplies," he replied.

It had taken two long, hard days of preparation to tie the balloons around the container and an even longer third day to inflate them, only to have nothing happen. The weight of the water inside the container combined with the sand around the base held it in place no matter what they tried.

That night they quietly ate dinner and went to bed, depressed and exhausted. Dennis moved to the far side of the shelter and didn't say a word. She laid there quietly for a few moments before saying, "You know that you and I are the only people on this mini-island of ours and there are times when what we need the most can only be given by another person?"

Still he lay there quietly.

Moving swiftly, she stretched out, pressing her body against his. "Like right now. I know you're bummed out about the canister but tomorrow is another day and a fresh start."

He rolled over to look her in the eyes. He opened his arms and she snuggled in, resting her head on his shoulder. That night, another storm hit far out in the ocean so they barely noticed until the following morning when they got up.

The first thing they noticed was that the container was floating much closer to shore, the back end bobbing up and down like a cork. They spent the whole day working together using a pulley system and wooden planks as runners to pull the container up on shore.

Now, looking back over her shoulder, she glanced at the container that had become their home. It all seemed so long ago now. They had quickly fallen into a daily routine; check the stills, check the traps, work on a raft that they started to build and any other projects, such as the rockets that Dennis had built out of the propane canisters.

Standing, she walked back to the fire located near their home and sat down. Dennis emerged from the shadows shortly afterwards.

"Well, I didn't see any type of reply but that doesn't mean somebody didn't see it. I'll wait a couple of days and send up another one."

"Ok," she replied as she continued to look into the flames. Inwardly, she fought a battle that she knew wasn't going to go well while unconsciously rubbing her hand over her lower abdomen.

She had suspected that she might be pregnant before the night of the wreck and had been planning on telling Aaron but the time just never seemed 'right'. Now, she had no doubts. All the classic signs were there.

Fortunately, she had been able to explain the 'morning sickness' away as the results of the food they were eating but now her body was beginning to change as well. Her breasts were enlarging and becoming more sensitive. Her stomach was beginning to stretch the clothes she was wearing and her hormones were going crazy, one second making her want to cry and the next to scream.

Worst of all was that Dennis seemed to be paying more attention to her and was giving her subtle and not-so-subtle hints that he'd like to be more than snuggling buddies at night. Realizing there wasn't really anything she could do about it at the moment, she headed inside to sleep.

Unfortunately, she had been right. Dennis had been thinking about her more and more often. It had all started on the yacht as he listened to her and the owner's son fucking. He had heard her screams and wails of pleasure and fantasized about what she looked like nude, laying beneath him as he drove his cock in and out of her, squeezing her beautiful tits as he bit on her nipples ... and tonight he was going to make his dreams come true. "Tonight, I'm going to make her mine and show her who the better man is," he thought as an image of Aaron flashed through his mind.

Laying on her side, she heard Dennis enter and quickly knew that her worst fears were about to come true. She felt him drape his arm over her, which was nothing new, but she also felt the hair of his chest rubbing against the thin material of her top and something else lower pressing between her legs.

Silently she shifted in an attempt to make him think she was still sleeping but instead of letting her go he pulled her back against him as his hand encircled her breast. Still feigning sleep, she brushed his hand away only to have him replace it, this time sliding under her top and grabbing a nipple. "Stop," she whispered.

"Why?" he replied softly against her ear.

"Because."

Still fondling her nipple, he ignored her as he whispered. "You know you want it. It's been more than 3 months and women like you need a man to take care of them on a regular basis."

Anger flared as she pulled away from him. "And EXACTLY what do you mean by 'women like me'?"

He reached out for her and muttered, "I heard you and the owner's son going at it while we were on the yacht. Hell, half the ocean probably heard you screaming how you wanted him to fuck you and fill your pussy with his cock." His own anger rose as he continued, "Well guess what? Your little 'boy toy' isn't here. I am and it's about time I got some of what you gave him!!"

"LIKE HELL!!!"

Grabbing her arm, he pulled her off balance and threw her to the ground, quickly straddling her body with his. "As you said only a few days ago, 'there are times when what we need the most can only be given by another person'. Well, what I need right now is my cock buried deep inside your pussy ... and whether you'll admit it or not you need it, too."

She knew she didn't have a chance of overpowering him and even if she did there was no place to go but suddenly an idea popped into her head as she stopped struggling. "Fine," she snarled, "if you need to get off that badly go ahead, fuck me. Put your cock in my pussy and do whatever you think you have to do. The only thing I ask is that you don't hurt the baby."

He pulled away as if he'd seen a poisonous snake and growled, "What baby?"

"I'm pregnant. I found out just before the yacht sank."

"So, it's Aaron's kid."

"Yes," she replied softly, knowing she was on dangerous ground as she watched the battle going on behind his eyes.

"FUCK, FUCK, FUCK," was all he yelled as he stood and walked out of the container.

Quickly grabbing a pole, she sat in a corner in case he returned, and waited and waited and waited. After what seemed like a lifetime, she could see the light of the sun beginning to filter into the container.

Cautiously, she ventured out. Dennis was nowhere in sight. Still carrying the pole, she walked along the beach looking for him but what she found instead were three simple words etched in the sand. OUT OF HERE.

Running further up the beach, she was horrified to find that the raft they had been working on was gone. Sitting down, she felt totally alone for the first time in her life.

The sun rose and fell before she finally got up and headed back to camp. Phrases like, "Gone. Alone. Your fault," kept echoing through her head as she went towards the stills to get some water. What she found turned her remorse into anger. Every one of the stills had been knocked over and the words, BITCH, SLUT, or WHORE were written in the sand.

"That son-of-a-bitch," she snarled over and over again, as she walked back to camp where she got another 'surprise' when she checked the supplies. Over half of the food was also gone. Fortunately, Dennis had never liked canned fruit so there was plenty of nutritious fluids left.

That night she slept without the stress and worry that had plagued her since their arrival on the island. The following morning she rebuilt the solar stills and took an inventory of the remaining supplies before beginning to make her own plans.

She had seen light to the South-East just after dusk on several occasions but each time Dennis had insisted she had been mistaken. Now it was her turn to do what she thought was best.

Four days later, it was done. She used supper-glue for the small pin-hole leaks that she found and scrapes of material and epoxy to fix the large cut that was another of Dennis' farewell surprises. Then she tied two of the 55-gallon plastic drums to the sides as extra floatation. Now, sitting by the side of the fire, she stared with pride at the bright yellow craft bobbing in the surf and joked that she could now add 'life raft repair' to her resume.

She barely slept that night and was up before the sun rose, packing the provisions she figured she'd need. Then, pushing off into the surf, she raised her improvised sail and headed towards her final destination.

Meanwhile, for Aaron and Miranda, life had fallen into a joyous routine of exploration. Each morning, they walked the beach looking for whatever had been washed ashore the night before. Aaron had become an expert with his fishing spear while she never seemed to surprise him with what she found in the tide pools to add to their food supplies. Afterwards, they would walk back through the jungle, picking-up various fruits before enjoying an early afternoon meal, followed by a quick nap or a not-so-quick session of love-making.

Sitting at the table on their terrace that afternoon, Miranda couldn't help but notice the effect her nude body was having on Aaron. "Doesn't that thing ever get soft?"

"Not when I have such a beautiful woman sitting across from me without a stitch of clothes on."

"Beautiful? Huumph. I'm getting fatter and fatter every day," she quipped.

He stood up, walked behind her, and lightly touched her shoulder. "You're not fat and you know it. You're pregnant and there's a big difference."

"Yes there is," she teased as she grabbed his hands and pulled them down across her body until they rested on her stomach. "And it's all your fault."

"My fault?" he joked. "If I recall it takes two to dance to that particular tune."

"Yes it does ... and this of course," she whispered as she quickly wrapped her hand around his distended cock.

A hiss escaped him as he felt her hand begin to stroke up and down the length of his swollen member. "Mmmmmm."

"Not getting bored with it are you? After all, I did this to you yesterday and the day before that and the day before that. In fact, I can't think of the last time I didn't do this to you after we had lunch."

"Not complaining are you?" he asked as he looked down into her upturned eyes.

"Not at all, lover. Since I realized I was pregnant my hormones have kept me so turned on there's nothing I want more than your long, hard cock in my hand, between my tits, in my mouth, ... or deep inside my pussy."

"As you wish, ma'am," he replied in a faux Southern drawl.

"But not yet. There's something else I need first," she said quickly as she wrapped her lips around his cock. It never ceased to amaze her how much she had grown to love the taste and feel of his cock. Soft and yet rigid, warm yet cool from the combination of the island breeze and her saliva, with the light taste of salt and occasionally a bit of sand.


Slowly taking inch by inch into her mouth, she used her tongue to tease the sensitive nerves just under the head. She felt it harden until she could feel the veins pulsing against the roof of her mouth.

Aaron instinctively reached down to wrap his fingers in her hair when she pulled away, releasing his cock with a "POP".

"Aaahh, Aaahh, not today, baby," she murmured as she shifted in her chair until he was directly in front of her. Then with the ease of one who had done this before, she moved forward placing his cock between her breasts and pressed them together. "Fuck them, lover. Fuck my titties. Let me feel it sliding up and down between them."

"Anything you say, darlin", he replied as he began to flex his hips sending his cock up and down the length of her cleavage.

She looked down and spit on the head of his cock to lubricate the tunnel before beginning to match his movements by lifting and lowering her breasts. "Mmmmmm, this feels so good," she sighed. "I knew a lot of girls in school that used to do this but I never did. I don't know if it's because they're larger and more sensitive since I got pregnant or simply because I'm doing it with a man who truly loves me, but I love this almost as much as I love the feel of your cock buried in me."

Looking down at her, he smiled. He knew that she loved the feel of his cock but also that she knew how much it turned him on to hear her say it and he loved her for it.

"Come on, lover. Fuck my tits. Coat them with a layer of cum before we go for our afternoon walk... a nice thick layer of cum to act as a sun-block and skin moisturizer," she continued.

Placing his hands on her shoulders, he increased the tempo of his thrusts as she tightened the pressure around his cock. "Gonna cum, honey. Gonna cum all over your tits," he moaned.

"Go for it, lover. Fuck my tits. That's it. Fuck 'em. Pinch my nipples while I squeeze my tits around your cock. That's it. Yesssss, I can feel how wet I'm getting. Fuck me. Fuck my tits. Coat them, darling. Give me what I want. Now, grab my tits. Hold them around your cock," she groaned as her hands disappeared between her spread legs.

Instantly, the lush, heady aroma of her sex drifted up between them, triggering his orgasm. "Aaaggh ... Aaagh ... Fuck," he wheezed as he felt his cum rocketing up the length of his cock and spewing his manly nectar across the upper portion of her globes.

"Yes ... yes ... me, toooooooooooo," she moaned as her hips raised and lowered off the chair while her thumb strummed across her clit and her finger drove deep inside her convulsing pussy.

Afterwards, he helped her stand and the two embraced, neither caring that his cum was covering their chests or that her cum soaked fingers were tracing delicate patterns across his back.

Pulling him down, their lips met in a tender kiss before she pulled away and whispered, "We should get going."

It had become part of their daily routine that they would climb up to the lookout point each afternoon. They had long ago given up on the idea of suddenly seeing a rescue ship but agreed it was a beautiful view and a fantastic way to spend part of each day.

"Ok," he replied, "... but how about a nap first? I suddenly feel a bit worn out."

They laughed, took each other's hand, and headed into their hut.

When they woke later, the sky was overcast and rain was pounding on the top of their hut. "I think we waited too long," she whispered while still laying wrapped in his arms.

"Me, too, but there's always other things we can do," he replied as he reached for her breast.

Teasingly slapping his hand she said, "Don't men ever think of anything else?"

"Hey, I'm not the one who started this today," he teased back. "But now that you mention it, there is something else I can do."

"Ya, like what?"

Raising from their bed, he answered as he stepped out into the rain, "Take a cold shower and then work on the fishing net. It got a couple of holes in it the other day."

Reluctantly, she got up. The sensations coursing through her body sending mixed messages to her brain. On one hand she knew that she needed a shower too, the feel of hardening cum mildly irritating her sensitive breasts. While on the other hand, her hormones were at war once again triggering a desire to pull him back into bed and have him fuck her until neither could move.

Ultimately, she stepped out onto the terrace and joined her 'island husband' for a tropical shower. Afterwards, he descended to the ground and worked on their net while she prepared an evening meal which they enjoyed as the sun began to set, little realizing what was happening on the beach below.

Rachel half-walked and half-swam the final distance to the beach. Originally, she had figured it would take 2 to 3 days for her journey but the sudden storm had billowed out her sail and she seemed to fly across the surface of the water. She had been surprised when the island had appeared through the curtain of rain and had to do some quick maneuvering with her tiller to get her raft pointed at the beach.

Exhausted, she pulled the raft up on the beach and looked at her surroundings. Lush, green plants and trees were everywhere she turned. The bay in which the beach was located offering a natural haven from the weather and on the other side of that was what looked like a high cliff that she could use as a lookout for any passing ships.

"Tomorrow," was all she thought as she ate a brief meal and crawled under her tarp/sail/shelter but tomorrow wouldn't wait. Several hours later, she awoke and sat up listening. Far across the bay she heard noises that sounded vaguely like voices.

Using the light of the moon, she slowly followed the beach around the bay to the base of a cliff. There she found a pool of fresh water being filled by a cascading waterfall. She also found signs of other people; a footprint here, another there, a piece of material that was obviously used as clothing laid across a rock to dry. Silently, she climbed the trail leading to a clearing on the top of the cliff and listened again.

"... ya ... ya ... that's it. Fuck me. Fill my pussy with your cock. Fill me with your cum. Fuck your pregnant 'island wife'. Yessssssss, so fucking good. Need this so bad. Can't believe I've become such a slut."

"Take my cock, slut ... sooo fucking tight ... ohhhhh, love fucking you like this ... so wet. Bend over more. Let me get all the way inside you. Wanna feel my cock pounding deep into your pussy."

"Yesssss ... fuck me. Fill my cunt with your cock. Fuck me like a bitch in heat. Ohhhhh ... ya ... ya ... ya ... just like that ... mmmmmmmm."

Like a moth drawn to a flame, Rachel moved closer and closer to the source of the voices. In the shadow of the clearing, she saw a hut up in the trees and a rope ladder hanging down. Quietly she climbed as she continued to listen.

The tempo had changed and was mixed with the sound of skin slapping against skin, "... fuck me ... deeper ... harder. Can't ... even ... go ... one ... day ... without ... your ... cock ... buried ... deep ... inside ... of ... me. Now, lover ... grab ... my ... tits ... squeeze ... them. Pinch ... my ... nipples ... pull ... them ... ohmigod ... so ... fucking ... close. Gonna ... cum. Gonna ... coat ... your ... cock ... with ... my ... cum. Now, baby ... now ... harder ... deeper ... yesssssss ... AAAAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!"

Rachel stood in the doorway to the hut not realizing how she had even gotten the last several feet as she watched Aaron grab Miranda's hips and drive his cock deep in her. Without even realizing it, one hand slid into the front of her pants and she began to lightly rub her clit while her other hand caressed and squeezed her tit. A soft, whispery moan escaped from between her lips and the room erupted with movement.

Aaron instantly pulled away from Miranda, grabbing his fishing spear and turning towards Rachel in one fluid motion. "WHAT THE FUCK?" he yelled.

Miranda, suddenly released from Aaron's grip, fell forward onto the bed with a resounding "Ummph" before rolling on her side and looking towards the doorway.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean ... I mean I hadn't intended on ... oh, fuck," she blurted as tears formed in her eyes and she ran back out onto the terrace.

"Rachel?" Aaron and Miranda called out simultaneously and then both of them were standing on the terrace with her. Not a word was said about what had just happened or the fact that Aaron and Miranda were completely naked as they wrapped their arms around her and pulled her close.

All three began to talk at the same time as tears ran down their cheeks. After a few moments, they slowly pulled apart. The two women took seats on the terrace chairs while Aaron leaned against the railing.

Once again, the questions started and Rachel told them about how she and Dennis had survived and landed on the atoll. She told them about the fight, omitting the portion about being pregnant, and then about her voyage to the island.

Then it was her turn, "What about you two?"

Miranda took the lead and told her about their survival and how Nathan had died of the injuries he'd suffered during the wreck before going on about the life they had built on the island. "We've actually done pretty well here. We've got a beautiful hut, plenty of food and water and ... ummmm ... as you saw, each other. In fact, we've gotten pretty loose about certain things." Acknowledging the fact that they weren't wearing any clothes for the first time.

Rachel sat there for a moment going over what she had just heard and trying to figure out a way to continue. Finally, looking at Miranda, she asked, "Did I hear you say something earlier about being pregnant?"

Miranda blushed as she remembered that she and Aaron had been in the middle of fucking when she'd made the comment but responded by standing and proudly displayed her growing stomach, "Yep, over 4 months from the best I can figure."

"And what do you plan on doing when it's time for the baby to come?" Rachel asked cautiously.

"I was worried about that at first but Aaron has some advanced first aid training which included child delivery."

"That's good to know," Rachel said as she stood and peeled back her top revealing her own swollen stomach, "Especially since I think I'm going to need his services in 3 to 4 months."

The world seemed to go silent for the briefest of seconds before Miranda jumped from her chair and wrapped her arms around Rachel's neck and hugged her.

Already turned on by what she'd seen, Rachel's body instantly reacted to the feel of Miranda's body pressing against hers and a warm, moist feeling coated her lower lips and inner thighs. "So long. So fucking long," she thought before being pulled back to reality by Miranda's comments.

"That's fantastic!!! I guess we all know who the 'Daddy' is," she said and both women instantly looked at Aaron who was turning multiple shades of red. "He is a pretty talented stud but only because he was taught by a fantastic woman," Miranda continued as she offered Rachel a mildly-veiled complement.

"I had good material to start with," Rachel replied as she briefly looked up and down Aaron's body.

The two women began laughing as Miranda wrapped an arm around Rachel's waist and directed her towards the hut, "We've got a lot to talk about but for right now I think we all need to get some sleep."

"I am pretty tired," Rachel admitted as she suddenly felt overwhelmed and exhausted.

"Ok then. Off to bed we go," Miranda said as she led Rachel inside and directly to the bed. "It's not like a down mattress but it's pretty comfortable."

Rachel looked down at the bed and visions of what she had just witnessed flooded before her eyes causing a soft moan to once again escape from between her lips.

Pretending not to have heard the moan nor the delicate aroma of Rachel's arousal, Miranda spun Rachel back towards her. "First things first," she said as she peeled Rachel's top off. "Like I said we've gotten pretty loose about certain things so unless you're uncomfortable about it, we'll get rid of these old clothes and find you something else to wear in the morning." When Rachel didn't say anything, Miranda dropped to her knees and quickly pulled her pants off as well.

The sight of the full, naturally red bush of hair between Rachel's legs along with the overwhelming scent of her arousal triggered something dormant deep inside her. She recalled the brief look she'd had of Rachel's body the night they'd bumped into each other in the hallway of the yacht but this was different. Slowly, she began to lean forward as if drawn by a magnet.

Then, from behind her, she heard Aaron moving around on the terrace and she pulled back quickly. Looking up at Rachel as she stood, Miranda saw the lustful flame barely being hidden behind those eyes and knew that their friendship was going to become far more very soon.

Aaron was totally oblivious to what had just happened as he entered the hut. The only thing that stuck him was the underlying scent of sex which he figured was from his earlier time with Miranda.

Then without a word, he went to the storage chest he'd made and pulled out the mesh net hammock and began to hook it up.

"What are you doing?" Rachel asked.

"Just putting up a place for me to sleep," he responded.

"I thought you and Miranda ... I mean ..."

"No problem. After what you told us about how you've been living I thought maybe you'd like someplace a little more comfortable to sleep tonight. We can figure out something else in the morning."

Rachel shrugged, too tired and too aroused by the idea of sleeping with Miranda next to her to argue.

The night quickly fell silent as the three fell into a restful slumber, Aaron in the hammock while Miranda lay behind Rachel, ... or so it seemed.

After what seemed like barely minutes, Rachel felt the soft, delicate touch of Miranda's hand slide over her and rest on her swollen breast. "I've always wondered what another woman's breast feels like," she whispered into Rachel's ear.

Somewhat surprised, Rachel murmured, "You mean you've never ...?"

"No."

"I thought all you preppy, rich girls got that chance in your private schools."

"You've got a lot to learn about me, Rach. My parents were just the average mom and dad. No private schools or colleges. I went to public school and a state university so I never had the chance that some girls got by going off to school. Even when I had girlfriends sleep over, my parents insisted that I leave the door open at least a crack."

Snickering softly, Rachel pressed herself back against Miranda as she placed her hand over Miranda's and squeezed. "It sounds like you and I had similar childhoods but in my case, I had the chance to 'experiment' a little bit when I moved to New York."

Miranda whispered, "Care to experiment with me?" as she slid her hand down to the junction of her legs, spreading her lips so Rachel could smell the intoxicating aroma of her pussy.

Rachel was fascinated by what Miranda was doing. She rolled over so she was looking into Miranda's eyes. "Are you sure?"

"Yessssssss," she hissed.

Rachel slowly leaned over, placing her lips delicately against Miranda's as they shared their first kiss. Instantly, her body was overwhelmed as sensations coursed through her. The touch of their lips tingled with electrical currents and the feel of her breasts brushing against Miranda's caused them to harden and lengthen while the pressure of her pregnant stomach against Miranda's lit a flame of desire deep within her.

Sliding her tongue out, she was only mildly surprised when she heard Miranda sigh. She had never felt anything so exquisite in her life. Instinctively, she flicked her tongue out and felt Rachel's tongue teasing her in return before opening her mouth and sucking her tongue in.

Miranda returned the kiss, her tongue battling with Rachel's as their passion grew.

Rachel slowly withdrew from the kisses and began kissing and nibbling on Miranda's neck while her hand caressed up and down her back.

Miranda shuddered with pleasure and moaned softly, feeling her body pressing against her new lover's, as Rachel moved lower occasionally kissing her neck and shoulder before returning to her neck. She felt her pussy quivering at her touch and the junction of her legs flooded from her arousal. "Mmmmmmm, so fucking hot," she murmured, trying not to wake up Aaron.

"Shhhhhhhh," admonished Rachel as she continued to kiss her neck and shoulder. Ever so slowly she moved across Miranda's body, delicately kissing and nibbling her skin until she reached an especially erogenous zone just above the cleavage of Miranda's breasts.

Immediately, Miranda felt a groan of pleasure rolling up from deep within her body and it was only by clasping her hand over her mouth that she was able to muffle it. She had never felt anything like this before. It was as if Rachel was reading her mind and knew what turned her on the most.

She could feel Rachel's breasts rubbing against her body, her hardened nipples trailing across her skin as she moved from one area to another until she stopped over her left nipple.

Looking down, she watched in fascination as Rachel descended on her breast gently kissing and caressing a nipple with her soft lips. She closed her eyes and settled back just as she felt the hot, moist sensation of her nipple being sucked into Rachel's mouth and the tip of a tongue flicking across the aroused tip. A quivering sensation quickly started to build as she felt the fingers of Rachel's other hand engulf her other tit, squeezing and pinching it.

Over and over, Rachel switched between Miranda's nipples; licking, sucking, nibbling, and pinching them, driving her closer and closer to her ultimate reward.

Miranda arched her back and moaned, "Ahhhhhhh," as a mini orgasm finally pulsed through her body unaware that it didn't matter how loud she might get since Aaron was awake and watching their every move.

Afterwards, Miranda lay there gasping for air as she looked up at the thatched roof while Rachel continued the exploration of her body.

Traveling downwards between her heaving breasts, Rachel stopped and whispered, "You have such a sexy belly," as she kissed it and gently probed into the belly button with her tongue.

Once again, Miranda felt the distinctive quivering of a growing orgasm deep within her pussy as Rachel kissed and licked down her body. Spreading her legs as wide as she could, she watched as Rachel descended into the cleft.

Rachel was overwhelmed by her own desire as she licked the outer lips of Miranda's pussy and was rewarded by the feel of muscles twitching beneath her tongue. The taste was salty and tangy with just the slightest touch of musk, reminding her that these were a combination of Miranda's pussy juices and Aaron's cum. Placing her hands on Miranda's thighs, she used her thumbs to peel open the slit and lick from top to bottom, almost as if she were eating an ice cream cone, stopping occasionally to add a flick of her tongue against the clit.

"Ohmigod. Yessssssss. Just like that. Don't stop. Ohhhhhhh, don't ever stop. That feels so good," Miranda groaned as she threw her head back. Her hips began to pump up and down. She could feel her orgasm building as Rachel continued to lick her clit. It felt as if an electrical current was coursing through her body, slowly spreading from her pussy down to her toes and up to the top of her head until it overloaded her and exploded from deep within with the force of a volcano.

"Ohmigod ... ohmigod ... feels so good. Don't stop. Lick my clit ... ya ... ya ... ya. Just like that. Now stick your tongue in my pussy ... ohgod ... ohgod. Gonna cum ... more ... yesssssss ... now ... now ... FUCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE," she wailed at the top of her lungs while her pussy quivered and she wrapped her legs around the sides of Rachel's head, locking her in place.

Her body arched off the bed pumping her hips against Rachel's probing tongue as she was swept into an orgasmic fog. She had never expected anything like this and though she already knew that she loved the feel of Aaron's cock buried deep in her, she also knew that she'd always want Rachel as a lover as well.

Slowly, the fog lifted and she released Rachel from her vice-like grip and stared in amazement to see the face coated with her own cum. "I'm so sor ...," she started to say only to have Rachel interrupt.

"Shhhhhh. There's nothing to be sorry about," Rachel whispered as she crawled up over the length of Miranda's body. "That was incredible. Neither of my other two women lovers came like that," she muttered as she sensuously licked the fluids from her lips.

The sight of her own pussy juices coating Rachel's face sent shivers down her spine. Gently taking her face between her hands, Miranda pulled her down and gently kissed her lips. She had never tasted her own pussy juices. Even as a young girl when she had been learning about the joys of her own body by masturbating, she'd thought it was perverse to lick the juices off her fingers afterwards but now she realized what she had been missing. Like nectar she tasted the sweetness, mixed with the mild taste of salt and even more subtle, the taste of Aaron's cum.

Suddenly, she pulled away and looked up at the hammock where Aaron was sleeping. In the darkness of the hut she noticed he had turned over in his sleep and was now facing away from the two of them.

Little did she know that he had been awake and watching the entire time. Even now he was listening to them as they whispered to each other and the only reason he was facing away from them was to hide his hardened cock.

"He's still asleep," Miranda whispered into Rachel's ear as she cuddled with her head on her shoulder.

"He always was a heavy sleeper after an evening of sex," Rachel responded. Yet, something wasn't quite right she thought, watching him. Was it the way his body was laying in the hammock or maybe it was the way he was breathing. She couldn't figure out what it was but deep inside, some sixth sense told her that he might not be asleep after all.

Lost in her thoughts about him, Rachel was surprised when she suddenly felt Miranda begin to delicately nibble on her ear.

"You've been so good to me. I want to do the same for you but I don't know how," she said softly.

Turning her head, Rachel replied. "I'll be happy to teach you every thing I can but, in honestly, I'm so tired right now I don't think I have the energy to enjoy it."

Miranda slowly pulled away, a mixture of disappointment and rejection clouding her thoughts until Rachel leaned down and passionately kissed her, saying, "I didn't say no. I just said not right now, lover."

The thrill of being called 'lover' by this beautiful woman immediately removed all doubts she may have had as she cuddled back against her.

Once again, the silence of the night filled the hut but had anyone else been there they would have seen that it was anything but silent. Rachel lay on her back, Miranda's head resting on her shoulder while her hand rested on Rachel's breast slowly drawing small circles around the protruding nipple. Rachel's own hand was laying on her nest of red pussy hair and only the sharpest of eyesight would have noticed her middle finger nestled between her swollen pussy lips gently stroking its length as she thought of what had just happened. Also, she was looking up at Aaron and fantasizing about what had happened between them in the past and what she hoped would happen again.

Aaron continued to lay still as he relived what he had just seen. He had never imagined that the sight of two women making love could affect him so strongly. Even now, after they had both fallen asleep, his cock throbbed at the mere thought of them together. Unable to sleep, he rolled over and looked down at his two lovers. His eyes travelled over their bodies. Their large breasts seemed to complement each other. Their swollen stomach's added to their appeal. He also noticed Miranda's sun-streaked brunette hair intertwining with Rachel's red hair.

It was only when his eyes grew accustomed to the shadowy light they were laying in that he got a surprise. Rachel was still awake staring back at him. Involuntarily, his cock twitched, causing a smile to appear on her face before she silently mouthed the word, "Soon," before closing her eyes.

It felt as if a weight had been lifted from his shoulders and he slowly relaxed until he fell into a deep sleep filled with images of the two women.

When he awoke the next morning, both women were gone. Quickly searching the area, he found them sitting in a secluded area of the beach. It was obvious they were continuing what had been started the night before but this time Miranda was the more dominant one. Quietly, he found a place just within the jungle and sat down.

At first her kisses were soft and tender but quickly they became more urgent and passionate. Her hands roamed over Rachel's body as she copied what had been done to her the night before. He smiled as he watched Rachel's body suddenly stiffen and he remembered how sensitive the erogenous area around her ears were as Miranda licked and nibbled on her earlobe.

"Ohhhh yes, baby. You're doing exactly what I need," Rachel said in a hushed voice.

"I'm glad you like it," Miranda replied in a low sensuous voice as she slid over on top of Rachel and she kissed down to her breasts. Hesitating, she looked up at Rachel for guidance.

"Go ahead, lover. Suck on my tit," Rachel purred as she ran her fingers through Miranda's hair and gently pulled her towards her breast. "Take a nipple in your mouth and suck on it. That's right, just like that. A little harder ... yesss. Now use your teeth and nibble on it."

Aaron watched in fascination as Rachel arched her back and forced more of her tit into Miranda's mouth.

"Make sure not to neglect the one you're not sucking one," she instructed as she took Miranda's hand and placed it on her bare breast. "Start out gentle. Run your hand lightly over the skin. Use your fingertips to explore every inch of it. That's right ... just like that. Now squeeze it ... a little harder. Ohhhhh, you learn quick, baby. Ok, now run your finger around the nipple. Tease it. See how big and hard it's getting. Yesssssss, you're getting me so turned on."

In seconds, both of Rachel's nipples were hard as rocks and she was moaning softly. After nursing on Rachel's nipples and teasing them for awhile, Miranda started planting soft kisses down her body until she came to the patch of red fur above Rachel's pussy. Pulling away, she stared at it.

Her vaginal lips were swollen and a deep red from her arousal. Slightly parted, they glistened with moisture that coated the lips as well as the hair and inner thighs. She moved almost as if in a daze as she reached out to caress the swollen lips.

Positioning herself so she was crouched between Rachel's spread legs, Miranda slowly stuck her tongue out, bringing it to her pussy. She used just the tip and licked the liquid nectar that covered the lips. Like her own, it was sweet but Rachel's was slightly tart instead of salty. She thought of a fine wine as her tongue moved up and down the length of Rachel's pussy before pressing it deep inside.

"Yesssss, baby," Rachel hissed. "Ohmigod, it's been so long. Push your tongue deep inside me," she murmured. "Now lick my clit. Mmmmmmm, so nice. French kiss my pussy. Ohhhh, you're doing so good ... getting me so turned on. Fuck me with your tongue. Yesssssss ... harder ... mmmmm so good."

Encouraged by Rachel's comments, Miranda explored her lover's pussy. She thrusted in and out almost like a small cock before lightly dragging her tongue across the swollen clit. "Ohmigod ... ohmigod ... ya ... ya ... ya ... fuck me with your tongue. Suck on my clit ... now ... now ... so close ... ohhhhh ... bite it ... bite my clit just like you did my nipple. Ya ... ya ... ya ... oooohhhhhhhhhhh ... CCCCUUUMMMIINNNGGGGGGG," she wailed as her body convulsed.

Unsure of what to do, Miranda continued to lick and suck on Rachel's clit until she collapsed and groaned, "No more. Please, I can't take any more."

Miranda moved from between Rachel's legs and crawled up next to her before laying down on her back in the sand. Aaron watched a mirror image of the night before as they laid down next to each other and cuddled, occasionally soft kissing on the lips as they basked in their post sex euphoria.

Eventually, it seemed as if they'd fallen asleep but just as he was about to leave, Aaron noticed Rachel roll onto her back and murmur, "I know this is going to sound crazy after what we just did and I hope you understand how great you made me feel but the one thing I still miss is a hard cock pounding into me."

Miranda rolled on her side and braced her head in her hand as she looked down at Rachel. "I understand completely. I loved what we did last night and I love what you let me do this morning but there's nothing like the feel of a hard cock sliding in and out of my pussy to make me feel completely satisfied."

Rolling back on her side so the two women were facing each other Rachel asked, "So how do we accomplish that? I mean, Aaron is the only man on the island and if I recall right, you're now his 'island wife'."

Miranda pondered the idea for awhile before laughing. "In that case, I guess you'll have to be his 'island mistress'." Instantly, the two women started laughing and hugging each other as if it were the most natural plan in the world.

Aaron stayed until the two got up and headed into the surf for a morning swim before slipping away.

The rest of the morning passed just as most of the previous ones had except now there was that added sound of another voice laughing and calling out. Noon came and as usual, Miranda fixed a light meal of fruit and a type of bread that she made from various grains. The three of them laughed and talked but Aaron felt an underlying tension building as the meal continued.

When the meal was over, Miranda stood and took what was left and headed off into the jungle.

"Hey, where are you going?" Aaron called.

"I'm just going to take a walk," she replied as she walked away.

"What about our afternoon nap?" he called after her.

Her reply came drifting through the jungle, "I'm sure you and Rachel can figure something out."

He turned towards Rachel and tried to act as if he had no idea what Miranda was talking about as he asked, "What did she mean by that?"

"Don't give me that 'innocent boy act' this is me you're talking to. You know exactly what she's talking about and I can prove it."

"Ya, how?"

"Well, number one is the fact that I saw you this morning as you were trying to slip away which means you saw and heard what Miranda and I were doing. Number two is this," she said as she quickly stepped forward grabbing his semi-hard cock. "This has been pointing at me all morning long which tells me you want something as bad as I do."

A groan slipped from deep within Aaron's chest as he felt Rachel take his cock in her hand and give it a gentle squeeze.

"Now tell me I'm not right."

Looking into her eyes he saw the desire building there and whispered, "I was taught never to lie especially to a beautiful woman who has my cock in her hand."

"And just where did you learn that?"

"From my first lover," he replied and of course she knew he was referring to her. "And what else did your lover teach you?"

"To give a woman exactly what she wants especially when it comes to making love to her."

"She sounds like a smart lady," Rachel replied.

"Actually she was perfect."

"Yep, she was one of only two perfect women that I've ever known."

"And what exactly is a 'perfect woman'?"

"Simple. She's the perfect lady out of bed and the perfect slut in bed."

"Aaahhhh, and which is it that she's being right now?"

Stepping close so that his hard cock was lightly brushing against her growing stomach, he whispered, "Unless I'm real wrong she's acting like a perfect slut right now."

She wrapped her arms around his neck, pulled him close, and whispered, "You're not wrong," before placing her lips against his.

It seemed as if they'd never been apart as their hands and lips sought out the familiar places on each other's body and yet it was only minutes before Rachel pulled away and turned so her back was towards him. "Do you remember the first time we made love?"

"Yes," he replied.

"Then do it," she finished as she grabbed the railing to the terrace and bent over exposing the full swollen entrance to her pussy. "Fuck me. I've needed this for so long. I don't want to wait any longer. Put your cock inside me and pound me. Make me scream just like when we were on the yacht."

"What about Miranda?" he asked suddenly unsure of what was about to happen.

Then from behind him, he got his answer. "Miranda thinks it's just fine. Now give the lady what she wants and fuck her."

Looking over his shoulder he was surprised to see that Miranda had returned from her walk and was standing on the opposite side of the terrace.

"It's just like I told Rach this morning. I'll be your 'island wife' and she'll be your 'island mistress'. Now what that means for you is that you get to fuck us whenever and wherever we feel like it."

"You know I suddenly feel like a 'boy toy'," he replied.

"Are you complaining?" Rachel asked, pulling his attention back to her.

Looking at the smile on her face and the twinkle in her eyes settled any doubts he had.

"Nope," was all he was able to say before feeling a hand wrap around his hard throbbing member.

"Then put this where it belongs," Miranda murmured in his ear as she guided his cock to Rachel's waiting pussy.

Looking down, Aaron was even more turned on by the sight before him. Rachel had reached down between her legs and used her fingers to spread the outer lips of her pussy revealing the wet, red tunnel within. Instinctively, he stepped forward placing the head of his cock at the entrance to the tunnel and stopped. He had plans to tease Rachel first, but she and Miranda had other plans.

Miranda placed her hand on his ass and pushed him forward as Rachel used the railing to push herself back and onto his cock. "OOOOOOhhhhhhhhh, so fucking big," she yelped as the cock was pushed deeper and deeper in her. "I've missed this so much."

"So tight," Aaron responded through clenched teeth.

"Don't stop, baby. Put your cock all the way in me. Yesssssss. Just like that," she crooned.

Aaron grabbed her by the hips and continued to push his cock into her, inch by inch, until he felt his balls slap against the lips to her pussy.

"Now, just hold me. Let me get used to the size of your cock again."

Doing as he was asked, Aaron held still as he felt Rachel's pussy slowly release its vice-like grip on his cock.

"Mmmmmmm ... I love the feel of your cock in me," she purred. "Sooo fucking good. Now fuck me. Pound my pussy just like you used to. I want to feel it slamming against the back of my cunt and then I want to feel you spraying a load of your cum deep in me."

"What about the baby?" he quizzed.

"Don't worry about that. Your cum isn't going to hurt it but it definitely will help me. As for pounding me, I'll let you know if I think there's a problem."

He slowly withdrew his cock and waited for a second before pushing back inside her, driving the air from her lungs with a resounding, "Uummph." Again and again he withdrew slowly only to plunge back into her depth.

"More, baby. Fuck me harder. Ohhhhhh ... ya ... ya ... ya ... just ... like ... that. Ohhhh fuck it feels good. Now faster ... deeper. Pound my pussy. Aaaarrgghhhhh. Need this so fucking bad," she chimed each time he forced his cock into her.

Becoming more and more excited by what she was watching, Miranda suddenly had an idea as to what she could do. She walked over to the rail and sat down, scooting herself beneath Rachel's swaying tits. Without any hesitation, she grabbed one of Rachel's swaying tits and brought the nipple to her mouth clamping down on it. Imagining what it was going to feel like as she nursed her own child, she began to suck and bite on the sensitive nub.

"EEeeeiiieeeeee," Rachel screamed in a mixture of pain and pleasure. "Oh fuck, baby. Look at what your 'wife' is doing to me. Look at that little slut sucking on my tit. Ohmigod. Feels so good."

Aaron decided to add to her stimulation, so he released one hip and brought his hand up to her ass. After lightly caressing it for a few moments, he quickly pulled it back and brought it down hard on the exposed globe, "smack ... smack ... SMACK."

Both he and Miranda were amazed to see the transformation coming over their new lover as she pressed more and more of her tit into Miranda's mouth while driving herself back against his cock.

"More ... more ... more," she grunted. "Need more ... harder. Go ahead. Bite me ... slap me. Don't care ... feels good. So close ... gonna cream all over you."

Miranda used her other hand to quickly begin to rub Rachel's engorged clit.

"That's it. Yesssssssss ... oh fuck ... hard cock ... wet pussy ... fuck deep ... harder ... drill me ... fill my cunt. Ohhhhhh, so close ... so fucking close ... gonna cum soon ... mmmmmmm ... almost ... almost there ... don't stop ... NOW ... FUCK ME HARD ... NOW ... OOOOOOOHHHHHHHH ... YESSSSSSSSS ... CUMMMMMIINNGGGGGG," she screeched no longer caring if the whole world heard her.

Pussy juices flew from her, coating Aaron's cock and Miranda's hand but still they continued. Aaron's hips looked like a pile-driver at warp speed while Miranda's hand was a blur of motion. Three times Rachel began to come down from her orgasmic high only to be skyrocketed back into orbit and each time it was more fulfilling.

Finally unable to hold back any longer, Aaron drove his cock deep inside her pussy. He felt her muscles clenching and dragging along the nerves of his cock pushing him over the threshold. "Cummmmiiinnnggggg," he growled as his cum shot up the length of his cock and spewed over the walls of Rachel's pussy.

Exhausted and fulfilled unlike any other time she'd been fucked, Rachel shivered as a soft moan escaped her lips.

It was only Miranda who realized that anything was different as she felt the thin, warm fluid of Rachel's pre-milk spray from her tit into her waiting mouth. The taste triggered some deep longing and she felt her own pussy quiver and release her juices to coat her inner thighs.

Time seemed to stand still for all three of them as they shared the moment. Then slowly they pulled apart. Aaron first, with a 'POP' as his cock left the tight confines of Rachel's pussy, followed by Rachel who used the handrail to support herself as she walked to a chair, and finally Miranda who stood looking at her two lovers. As if afraid to break the silence that surrounded them, she quietly whispered, "I'm not sure about you two but I definitely need an nap."

All three started to laugh as they headed back into the hut. That night they shared the bed for the first time, Aaron in the middle and a beautiful, pregnant, loving woman on each side of him. Nobody questioned what the future might hold. They had each other and that was enough.

********

It was five years before they here found and then only by accident. A yacht that was participating in an intercontinental race developed a leak during a storm. The captain told them that it was only by luck that he had decided to pull into the cove to make repairs where he discovered Rachel and the children playing on the beach.

Word of their survival quickly spread across the ocean and a rescue ship was sent to pick them up. In the mean time, the yacht crew stayed in the cove to do their repairs and share news of the outside world with the family. It was during one of these conversations that Rachel asked about Dennis. The captain said he didn't have any idea but would check into it. The following day he found her sitting on the beach.

"Excuse me ma'am. May I sit down?"

"Of course."

"I did some checking like I promised and think I may have the answer to your question about the other survivor."

Seeing the solemn look on his face she hesitated before asking, "What happened to him?"

"Well I'm not one-hundred percent certain but a life raft was found several years ago about 400 miles from here. It matches the description you gave me. There was only one person in it and he had passed away quite awhile before he was found. The only clue the authorities ever had were two words he'd written on the inside of the raft ... 'I'm sorry'."

When she didn't say anything, he quietly got up and left her alone to her thoughts.

Two days later the rescue ship arrived. Fortunately it was a large ship since the 'family' had grown significantly since they had survived the wreck.

Sitting on the lookout point, Aaron looked down at the ship and at his family; a wife, a mistress, three little girls, a young boy and another baby on the way. Silently he thought, "I guess I'm just lucky ... or maybe I have a charmed life."