A Mother's Promise Ch. 01
byPro_Ball_Player©

Thanks to an unsuspecting older sister, and my understanding and accommodating mother, I finished my eighteenth year on earth with a newly found and undeniable appreciation for panties.

When we were growing up, it was common to see my older sister, Linda, in her t-shirts and panties. In fact, as long as it was only family members in the house, we all felt comfortable running around in our underwear. We had simply always done it and it was no biggie. I never even thought anything about it and never looked at my sister in anything other than a sisterly manner until that fateful summer day when everything changed for me.

Linda was home from college and like most other Saturday mornings, we were all moving slowly. The proceeding evening, she and I made some loose plans to go out job hunting and as we discussed it during breakfast, my Father told us we weren't going anywhere until our rooms looked 'livable'.

"I don't care if you're eighteen years old," he said to both of us, "If you're going to live here you're going to have to keep your rooms picked up." He went on to add the whole "don't expect your mother to do it anymore" speech as he told us we weren't going anywhere until the rooms were (what he called) 'spic and span'.

Mom suggested we team up and tackle each room together so we could both get done quicker. We used to do that as kids and it seemed like a way to get out of the house sooner, so off we went to dust, vacuum, change the linens and pick stuff up off the floor. We were working in her room when I had my first "hands on" panty encounter.

I was picking up and dusting while she was taking the sheets off her bed. As she gathered the sheets into a bunch she could carry down to Mom, a pair of her panties fell from the bundle to the floor. I watched as she picked them up and held them to her nose. She made a contorted face and then just as matter-of-factly as she had smelled them, she tossed them into her laundry hamper in the corner of her room. My guess was that her sniff test told her the panties were not clean.

She brushed by me with her arms full of sheets and I heard her bound down the stairs toward the laundry room. Curiously, I inched over to her laundry hamper, reached in and pulled out the panties. Examining the soft garment, I saw that it had some faint white marks on the inside. Mimicking her, I held them to my nose and took a sniff.

Truthfully, I didn't know what to expect but, I found the aroma of her panties curiously interesting. Continuing to sniff, I was suddenly overcome with feelings I hadn't dealt with before. Damn, is this what she smelled like 'down there'? Why hadn't I noticed this before? Up until that instant, I truthfully had never even considered a pair of worn panties to be anything other than underwear that was already worn. But now, holding them in my hands and smelling them, I came to the instant realization that I was one lucky guy.

I'm not sure when it happened, but, my cock was affected in a way I can only describe as 'immediate'. Holding her panties to my nose, the feeling between my legs became urgent and I became painfully aware of my 'stiffie'. It was a little more than a stiffie, too, it was a full blown hard-on, throbbing and jutting out of my own underwear in a most obscene fashion. I was mortified to find this one appear so fast and be so hard. I mean it was almost instant and it was rock hard. I felt it pulse and it almost hurt.

Now, by the time you're eighteen, you've heard enough things and possibly seen enough things to have at least some understanding about girls and sex. Even though I was still a virgin and had very little real experience with girls, I had heard and read things about a woman's vagina getting 'wet', especially when she was turned on, and I wondered if that was what I smelled in Linda's panties. I didn't know exactly how the 'wet' thing happened, or anything other than it could happen, but, it seemed like a hypothesis I wanted to research.

Until that day, the most attention I ever gave a pair of panties was when I was helping Mom with the laundry by gathering up the dirty clothes or folding them when they came out of the dryer. Yeah, I knew that boy's underwear had a 'fly' and girls underwear didn't. Of course, that's so boys could pee without taking off their underwear. I never quite understood why my Mom's and Linda's panties were so radically different than mine, though. In contrast to my thick white cotton briefs, their panties were silky and colorful and they had bows and lace. Any way you sliced it, they looked a lot fancier than boy's underwear did.

Jolting me back to reality, I heard my sister thumping up the stairs so I threw her panties back into the hamper. As she dragged the vacuum cleaner into the room, I pretended to be dusting off her dresser. Keeping myself turned away from her so she wouldn't see my bulge, I busied myself until she turned the vacuum cleaner on. Thinking quickly, I reached into her clothes hamper and grabbed everything that was in there. I told her I would be right back and left the room, as if I was taking all of it down for Mom to wash.

As I heard her begin to vacuum the carpet, I ducked into my own room and dropped my armful of clothes on my bed. Looking through the pile, I found a total of four pairs of her panties and fished them all out. One by one, I looked inside at the crotch and gave each one a sniff. There was one pair that especially interested me. They were powder blue and very silky. The crotch was caked with white and the smell was strong – much stronger than the other pair. Not wanting to be caught, I hurriedly hid the blue panties in my dresser and took the rest of the clothes down the stairs and into the laundry room.

There was already a pile of clothes on the floor there. These were obviously from my parent's room because I could see my Dad's boxer shorts, sox and undershirts mixed up inside the pile. Still holding my sister's clothes in my arms, I used my foot to push my parent's dirty clothes around until I saw what I was looking for....... a pair of my mother's panties.

Dropping Linda's dirty clothes and scooping up Mom's panties, I made a run for my room. With my heart thumping and my stiffie trying to break a hole in my own underwear, I hid Mom's panties in my drawer along side of Linda's. My hands were shaking and I was out of breath. I couldn't believe I was taking their panties, but, on the other hand, I was as sexually excited as I had ever been.

Hearing my sister turn off the vacuum, I left my room and opened the hall closet to get some fresh sheets for her bed. Entering her room, I was greeted by the sight of her bending over the vacuum and wrapping the cord around the handle of the vacuum cleaner. Her t-shirt had ridden up and I had a perfect view of her panty covered butt. Any other time I wouldn't even have noticed, but on this day, I stood in the doorway and was totally captivated by what I saw.

I studied the way her panties stretched across her butt and the way they disappeared down between her legs. As she bent over, I could easily make out the back side of her vagina. I could see the gentle roundness of her mound cradled in her panties and a slight crease of the material caught between her lips from behind. As she wrestled with the cord, my sister spread her legs wider and shifted her weight. This enabled me to see the whole cotton crotch of her underwear from the back, knowing full well I was looking at the exact piece of fabric that was touching her whole vagina..... my own sister's vagina.

Watching the show in front of me, I began scheming a plan to get my hands on those panties. Knowing full well she would take her bath or a shower after we finished cleaning our rooms, I would make sure to check her hamper or the laundry room until I found them.

Suddenly, I was startled out of my wits when my Mom walked up behind me, shook my arm and yelled "Boo!" She must have seen me standing in the hall holding the clean sheets for Linda's bed, gawking at my bent over sister. I could only guess that I was so mesmerized by the sight of the show Linda was putting on that I was totally oblivious to anything else.

She scared the living crap out of me and I remember to this day the way I felt when it happened. I jumped and yelled at the same time. My lungs felt like they came up through my mouth and as I turned around to see what was behind me, I saw her standing with her hands on her hips laughing as hard as I had ever seen her laugh. Very funny, I thought. But, damn...... did she see me checking out my sister?

Linda and I spent the next hour finishing our rooms together and I took every opportunity to look at her while she was bending, stooping or squatting. I got a good, close look directly into her crotch when we were picking up little pieces of plastic from my floor so she could vacuum.

She was squatting down and her legs were wide apart. I was only two or three feet away and directly across from her opened thighs. I saw the way her panties were stretched tightly across her crotch. Looking closely, I could see small blonde hairs sticking out the sides of her panties as she squatted. I was so close; I could literally count the little hairs poking out from under her crotch panel. "Shit," I thought, "I'm looking at my sister's pubic hair..... her pussy hair!" Looking even closer, I was sure I could see the outline of her lips. What a fool I had been for years..... all this was right here in my own house and I never even realized it.

I didn't want to be obvious or risk another run in with my Mom, so I tried to play it cool as we worked. Once we were finished, Mom checked our rooms, told us we had done a good job and told us we were free to go out if we wanted to. I hung back to see what Linda was going to do, and sure enough, I heard her go into the bathroom and turn the shower on.

I went to the bathroom door and knocked on it. "Hey, I'm in here!" Linda shouted, "Don't come in!"

"I know that," I answered, "give me your dirty clothes so I can take them down before Mom starts doing the wash." A second later, the door opened just enough for her arm to poke out holding her t-shirt, sox, bra and panties. "Perfect timing," I thought.

I took the little treasures from her and slipped into my room and closed the door. Dropping everything else on my bed, I turned my attention to the real focus of my efforts - her panties. I held them up to look at – holding them by the sides of the waistband so I could see the front. The crotch was puffing out at me, as if they were still on her with her mound straining against the fabric. Holding them fully against my face, they felt warm. I wondered if she simply pulled them off after I knocked on the door and handed them directly to me.

Holding the crotch panel to my nose, I detected a very slight amount of moisture in the exact middle of the cotton panel, but, the aroma was magnificent. I couldn't believe I was holding in my hands the exact same panties she was wearing no more than a few moments earlier. Now, that's what I call an unbelievable turn of luck. Plus, it's possible that she might have put them into my hands less than 10 seconds after being right next to her pussy.

My stiffy was back and this time I was in a position to set it free and let it out to play. So, reaching into my briefs, I pulled it through the flap and started to stroke. Holding her warm panties against my nose, I closed my eyes and thought about the way she squatted right in front of me let me look between her legs. I was stroking my cock faster and faster, smelling her pussy smell and thinking about how nasty it was to be getting off on her panties.

Soon, the inevitable happened and I started to spew all over the place. Any teenage boy will tell you that every orgasm is a mind blowing experience and I remember seeing my sperm shoot out three or four feet onto the newly vacuumed carpets. What had I been missing all these years? This was the biggest turn-on ever!

Over the next several days, I must have masturbated four or five times a day, each time using either my sister's or my mother's panties while I did. Experimenting, I wrapped my sister's panties around my cock and sniffed my Mom's panties. I stumbled upon a way to fold the panties so that there were two layers of fabric around my cock, and the feeling of the silky material slipping up and down was much better than just using one layer. Then, I found that if I took just one of the pairs and wrapped it completely around my cock, then wrapped a second pair around a little looser, jacking off took on a whole new feeling altogether. Even to this day, I still use that method and it's still as mind blowing as it was that first time I tried it.

I thought I was being clever by hiding the three pairs of panties in my lower drawer where all my sports uniforms were folded – stuck in between my sliding shorts and my baseball pants. By the fifth day, all three pairs had been through a pretty good work out and I had almost saturated them with my own cum. Unfortunately, my fun was short lived as I found them gone one afternoon. I was sure I had put them back that morning, but, just in case, I looked everywhere. When I still couldn't find them, I faced the inevitable fact that my Mom, Dad or sister found them and took them. I swore to myself that I would never even touch their panties again!

The next three hours were a living hell for me. I was walking on egg shells waiting to be confronted about the cum soaked panties, but it never happened. The next day, still the same – no one said or did anything. No one looked at me weird, and even though I was going crazy with guilt, shame and fear, I tried not to show any signs of it. The next Saturday, just when I was starting to relax about the missing panties, it all came back to haunt me.

My dad was out shopping at the grocery store with my sister when my mom called up to my room for me to come down. When I landed on the last step, she called for me to help her fold and put away the clean laundry. This is something I used to do with her all the time and it usually took about 15 minutes so I didn't mind that much. This time, though, it didn't turn out quite like that.

She had just taken a bunch of clothes out of the dryer and they were heaped on top of the table in the laundry room. It was all the underwear, undershirts and white socks from my dad and I. As I saddled up to the other side of the table from her, we started to fold and lay the clothes in piles belonging to either him or me. We got to a point in the pile where I saw both pairs of Linda's panties that I stole mixed in with the rest of the things. My heart sank and I knew my mom had busted me. I prepared myself for the worst and began to think about what excuses I would use and how much trouble I was in.

Amazingly enough, I watched in shock as she picked up one of the panties, folded it nicely, and placed it on the stack of my underwear just as if nothing at all was wrong. Then, she picked up one of my normal pairs, folded it and placed it on the stack. Reaching for the other pair of panties, she finally said something.

"Sweetheart," she started, "I'm not going to pry or ask a lot of questions about why these were in your drawer. But, I want you to know that if you want to talk to me about it or if you have any questions about sex or girls, or anything..... we can talk about it and we can keep it between us."

I was frozen with shame and guilt. I didn't even look up at her when she said it, busying myself with folding my undershirts and sox. She picked through the pile until she found the third pair I had swiped – her panties. As she folded them and placed them on my pile, she paused for a moment and spoke again.

"Listen," she said, "I just want you to know that I'm not nearly as stupid as you and your sister seem to think I am, and, I know it's normal for boys your age to be very curious about certain things and I'm not mad at you. Okay?"

When I didn't look up or answer, she repeated herself saying "Okay?"

I looked up at her, and I could feel myself blushing terribly. My throat was too dry to say anything. I could only nod that I understood. It was the hardest thing I had ever done not to turn and run out of there, but as she folded the last pair of my own underwear and placed in on the pile, she said, "Here you go."

She picked up the stack and handed it out to me. They way everything was folded and stacked, I couldn't even tell the panties were in there, but, I knew they were. I couldn't figure out why she was giving them back to me, but, she was. Reaching out across the table to take them from her, she told me to go put them away in my drawer and then come back to fold some more clothes with her.

Entering the safety of my own room, I looked through the stack just to make sure they were really in there, and of course they were. Putting the stack away in my drawer, I was still trying to figure out why she was giving the panties back to me. She obviously didn't figure out what I really wanted those panties for. What good were these to me now? They were.... well.... they were clean!

"Shit!" I said to myself, feeling my stiffy coming back. "That's all I need right now! A hard-on in front of my own Mom."

I adjusted my cock in my pants and went back down to the laundry room. She was finishing pairing the sox together and moving the stacks of clothes to the side of the table when I came in. "Can you take these up, too?" She asked. Holding my arms out, she gave me the rest of my things and those of my Dad and asked me to take them upstairs. "When you're done with those," she told me, "come right back...... It's time for you to learn how to run the washing machine."

Her voice seemed normal and she didn't seem to be mad at me, so, I just accepted the uncomfortable situation, glad that it seemed to be over, and tried to let it go. Having put the clothes on the bed in the bedrooms, I came back to the laundry room. The table had been cleared of the clean clothes and replaced by her and Linda's dirty lingerie. Seeing all their stuff lying there, I immediately began to panic and I felt my cock pushing against my pants as fear set in.

"Come on," she said, "I'll show you how to do our delicates." She turned to the cabinet and pulled out two mesh bags and tossed them on the table. Pausing for a moment, she looked at me and said "Bobby, I don't want to embarrass you, but, I feel I need to finish what I started to say a little while ago. I want to get this off my chest before your father and sister get home......"

So, with me standing there knowing full well she was about to lower the boom on me, I listened......

"I.... uh, well...." she started, "I don't want to have to worry about you doing something stupid with some young girl or with some of your friends. Like I said before, I know it's normal for you to be interested and curious about sex, but, I would rather we talk about it and work it out at home instead of finding out you're doing things that could get you arrested or some other kind of trouble that might follow you for the rest of your life."

My knees were getting weak, and even though I was looking at her, my eyes weren't focusing very well. I was anticipating her words, but, she didn't say what I thought she was going to say.

"So," she continued, "how about this..... First, as long as you promise me there will be no funny business between you and your sister, I'm not gong to make a big deal about you having our panties. From what I can tell you're using them when you masturbate, and as long as she and your father don't find out, I won't say anything. You better be careful, though, because if you get caught, I'm going to play dumb. Is that clear?"

She looked at me waiting for an answer. She raised her eyebrows, trying to tell me she was serious about getting an answer from me. I just wanted to crawl into a hole, but as the seconds clicked away, I knew I better say something but I still couldn't speak. I could only nod my head that I understood.

"Good," she said, "Secondly.... I don't want any of our things ruined. So, learn to cleanup after yourself, young man. If something gets messy, then you should rinse it out and bring it down here and put it in the basket. Don't just wad it up and let it dry in your drawer again. If you keep doing that, they will get stained with spots from your..... your... well, you know what I mean. Got it?"

"Okay," I said, "I got it."

"Next," she said, "I don't want you rummaging through your sister's room. She's very particular about things, you know that. I don't care if you want to look through my dresser or my hamper as long as you're not obvious about it and don't make a mess. If you see something you're interested in or curious about, as long as you're careful and considerate, I won't mind. Okay?"

She was looking at me again, I could feel her eyes on me. Even though I couldn't bear to look up at her, I knew she was once again waiting for me to answer. This time when I nodded, she walked towards me, put her arms around me and hugged me, pulling me into her softly like she used to do when I had hurt myself.

"Honey, I'm not trying to embarrass you. Really, I'm not." She said. "I think I'm being pretty reasonable about this, don't you agree?"

I still didn't answer. She pulled away from me and lifted my chin to make me look at her. "Don't you think I'm being reasonable about this?"

"Uh huh," I answered, "and Mom, I'm sorry for taking your underwear." I felt ashamed for what I had done and could barely get my apology out. Without warning, I became choked up and suddenly started to cry, something I hadn't done in years. Even after hearing the rules for which she would allow me to continue, I still felt that I had done something terribly wrong and she was cutting me some slack when she didn't have to. She had every reason to be mad as hell, and her forgiveness just made me feel guiltier.

"Oh, Bobby," she said, "come on now, there's no need to cry. I'm not mad at you...... not one little bit. To tell you the truth, I'm a little flattered. I'm no young chickie anymore, and well, it's kind of nice for a woman to know she can still have an affect on a young man."

As I looked up, she started to smile and wipe the tears from my cheeks. "You know," she shook her finger at me and then continued, "don't you dare repeat this to anyone, but, you're Uncle Mike used to do the same thing when we were growing up, and according to Aunt Brenda, he still does. Plus, before I married your father, I had a boyfriend I was pretty serious about who was perfectly content to have my panties instead of sex after a date. He used to keep them for a week or so, wash them and then give them back to me ready to wear. He even had favorite pairs he would ask me to wear when we went out and didn't hide the fact that he liked to wear them, too. More than once we went out to a drive-in movie with both of us wearing my panties, and that's the absolute truth."

I couldn't help but laugh at her story. I didn't know if it was true or not, but, it didn't matter. She was smiling and trying to cheer me up. It was working, too, because I no longer felt like some kind of guilty pervert. She made me smile and that was so much like her – always trying to make us feel loved.

"And one last thing and then we really need to get this stuff in the washing machine," she said, "you don't have to be embarrassed and so secretive about masturbating. Believe me, everyone in this house does it."

I looked at her with a surprised look on my face, not believing she would say that, and when I did, she hugged me again and said "Oh, don't act shocked.... if you thought you were the only one to ever discover how good it felt to play with yourself, you're dead wrong. We all do it."

"Do you?" I asked my mother.

"Of course I do," she replied, "I said everyone, didn't I? For that matter, you're the only one I haven't seen doing it."

"No way!" I retorted.

"Yep," she said, "I've seen your father do it and I've walked in on your sister doing it in her bedroom. It was an accident, I'll have you know, but that's a fact."

"Oh, how cool!" I exclaimed.

"Don't get any ideas, young man," she scolded, "you promised me there would be no funny business with your sister and I'll be mad as hell if you start anything. I don't care if she lays down in front of you naked, you better not touch her. Are we clear on that?"

She was dead serious. She had one of those 'I'm not kidding looks'.

"Mom, she's my sister and I wouldn't try anything with her." I said.

"Well, I saw the way you were looking at her last week, and you DID take the panties she was wearing that day, and I've also seen the way she looks at you sometimes, too. So, mark my words," she paused for emphasis, "I'm not just talking to hear myself speak – there better be no touching between the two of you."

"No problem, Mom. I promise." She seemed to be relieved when she heard me say that.

"So, then," she asked, "do you promise to come to me if you have any questions about sex, masturbation, girls or whatever?"

"Yes, mom," I answered, "you made your point and I'll come to you if I have questions."

She hugged me one last time. As she did, I felt driven to say something to her. "Mom, can I just say one thing?"

"Sure, Bobby, what is it?" She replied.

"I just wanted to tell you thanks for not going ballistic on me and that you're about the best Mom in the world." I said. "I just knew I was going to be in serious trouble when I found those panties missing the other day. It was really nice of you to handle it the way did. Oh, and one more thing..... I love you, Mom."

"Well," she said, "I love you too, Bobby. And, you're quite welcome. Just remember to keep this just between us. Okay, now...... we better get going on this laundry now or I'll never get it all done. Ready to learn all about lingerie?"

I considered myself lucky with the way things turned out. Well, maybe 'lucky' is an understatement. Perhaps 'miracle' is the right word to describe it. But, I learned a few things that were pretty cool: my Uncle Mike is a panty lover..... Mom used to date a guy that was a panty lover and even wore her panties...... Mom masturbates and has seen both my dad and my sister do it...... she told me it was okay to masturbate..... and gave me permission to check out her and my sister's panties.

Yes, it was definitely a miracle.

She pulled me by the arm over to the table where she and Linda's bras and panties were laying. "First the bras." She said. We separated the bras into two piles – one pile for her bras and one pile one for Linda's. "Just check the tag if you're not sure." She said. "You sister's are 34B and mine are 36C." I looked at her with a puzzled look and she explained. The number was how many inches around the chest, and the letter was the cup size. Since Linda's breasts were smaller, her cup size was a 'B', while Mom's breasts were bigger and had a 'C' cup size. She explained that breasts came in all different sizes and shapes and that she hoped I wouldn't be a guy that got hung up on breast size. She also told me that younger girls had naturally 'perky' breasts because they were young, but when they got older and especially if they had children, the breast would naturally lose some of the perkiness. "It's just one of the curses of being a woman." She told me.

Holding all their bras in my hands and checking the tags made my cock hard. Knowing full well that these bras held the tits of my mother and sister was almost overwhelming, and as I touched each one and ran my fingers into the cups, I started to think about their bare nipples touching where I was touching. She caught me fingering the cup of one of her bras and jarred me with her elbow. "Feel how thick that one is?"

I squeezed the cup of the bra and said "Yes, it feels spongy." Then, she gave me a lesson on padding saying "Sometimes, the padding makes a girl feel fuller and gives more cleavage." She then picked up one of Linda's bras where the cups were thin and flimsy and showed me the difference. "The problem with this bra, though," pointing out Linda's thin cups, "is that sometimes the girl's nipples can be seen through the bra."

I knew exactly what she meant, too. I'd seen plenty of nipples poking their way through bras – both young and older women. I liked it, too. So did my friends, and sometimes we would alert each other when a visible set of nipples were nearby.

"Most girls," she said, "have different bras for different occasions."

"You mean like everyday and dressy?" I asked.

"Well, sort of..." she answered, "and also sexy and not so sexy. What I mean is sometimes a girl selects her lingerie based on how she wants to feel and she might not mind if it's a little revealing or suggestive – after all, we know men are always looking at us, and we don't always hate that."

"Yeah, I understand," I said, "what about this one?"

The bra I held up didn't even look like a bra.... it looked more like a jockstrap. "Well, that's an athletic bra," she replied, "it's made to keep us from bouncing all over the place when we're running or working out. Your sister has a bunch of these." There were no real cups in this bra, but, stretching it in my hands, I could easily see how it worked.

She went on to tell me something about each of the bras and what made them different from the rest. In the mean time, my cock was pounding from all the talk about breasts, nipples and bras. Handling each of the bras was making my pants swell to a bursting point. I thought I was being discreet when I casually used my hand to adjust my cock to relieve some of the pressure in my pants, but, she caught me.

"Is this making you uncomfortable, Bobby?" She asked.

"Oh, no!" I answered. "I never knew there was so much to learn about bras. No, really, I'm fine."

Turning to me, she said, "Tell me the truth, Bobby..... are you getting.... uh, how should I say it..... are you getting aroused by the bras?"

I felt myself turning red. My face heated up and it felt like I was radiating embarrassment. I was thinking about how to answer, but before I could she put her hand on my arm and said "Never mind, I think the color of your face is a dead giveaway. I guess I would be concerned if it didn't have some affect on you."

I rolled my eyes and picked up the last bra that needed to be sorted. As I did, she started to laugh to herself, then said "It's kind of cute, though...... just like your Uncle Mark."

I started to get red again, but she headed that off by asking me to get one of the zippered bags. "So, the reason we sorted these is that with so many bras, we want to be able to easily tell whose is whose. Now, I'll do your sister's and you do mine. Just take the strap like this...."

I watched as she clasped the bra strap and placed the bra in the mesh bag. As we clasped all the straps and placed the bras in the bags, she told me that the bags would keep all the straps from getting tangled while they were in the washer. "The bags," she told me, "were made so that the bras would wash up just fine and keep the bras in good shape."

"When you're done, just zip the bag and you're ready to put them in the washer." I watched as she took both bags and turned to walk over to the washing machine and dropped them in.

"Are you going to be okay to do these panties with me, or, do you want me to do them myself?" She asked.

I almost asked her if she was kidding, or maybe nuts. There must have been ten pairs of panties on the table. Some of them were my sister's and some were my mother's. Some of the crotch panels were turned inside out so I could see them and some of them were all rolled up or twisted. In any event, there was no way I was going to miss this.

"Mom, I'm fine." I said.

"Honey, I was just teasing you – I know you're fine." She said. Shortly, she started to laugh and added, "Then again, I don't want you to have some kind of spontaneous explosion, either."

I truthfully wasn't following her and I initially didn't have a clue what she was talking about. But, when she glanced down to my crotch and then back up at my face, I got it. Even though I was terribly embarrassed, we both burst out laughing. It was the hardest I'd laughed in a long, long time and I was pretty impressed with my Mom's sense of humor.

"Okay, back to work now." She said. I thought we were going to talk about the panties, but, she started cracking up again and between fits of laughter she managed to say "just be careful, though.... if you think you're reaching a bursting point, tell me so I can run for cover!"

She almost doubled over in laughter. And, the more I thought about it, visions of uncontrolled cum flying everywhere in the room as a result of being over excited and spewing.... well, it was funny as hell.

End of Chapter 1. Next: Bobby gets 'Up Close and Personal' with the silky treasures.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 02
byPro_Ball_Player©

This is the second chapter of "A Mother's Promise". While it's not completely necessary, you might get more out of this chapter by reading chapter 1.

My mom was still chuckling about me having some kind of spontaneous orgasmic explosion while handling their worn panties as she took my arm and led me over to the cabinet where she kept all of her cleaning and laundry supplies. She took out a spray bottle and said "Bobby, if you're going to help out with the laundry, and if you're going to wash lingerie, there's going to be times when you'll need this." She led me back over to the table in the laundry room and waved her hands like a magician over the table full of panties and said "We wash all the panties and bras on the delicate cycle. Now, the delicate cycle doesn't agitate as much as the other cycles, so in order to get stains out, you might have to pre-treat them. This spray is a cleaner that will help remove stains during the wash. Got it?"

It seemed pretty simple to me. But, before I could catch myself, I asked "What kind of stains?" After I asked it, I realized how stupid it was.

"Well," she said, "umm, sometimes, it would be blood. You do know about menstruation don't you?"

Jeez. How stupid did she think I was? "Yes, Mom.... "

"Okay," she said, "when females have their periods, sometimes they can leak on their underwear and blood stains are very hard to get out. So, before you go throwing panties in the washer, you'll have to check them for blood stains and if you see any, you spray the inside with this. Then, you can just drop them in the washer and they will come out perfectly clean."

She picked up a pair of Linda's panties and opened them up to show me the cotton crotch panel. "Neither your sister or I have had our periods in the last week or so," she said, "so none of these should have blood in them, but..... uh...."

She paused for a minute and I could see she was searching for what she was going to say next...... "Um," she continued, "Bobby, the female body........"

She stopped again and this time I really knew she was struggling with something. She looked up at me, and then down into my sister's panties and then back up at me. "Bobby, I'm not sure how much you know about the female body, but, I think you're old enough to know this...... and maybe you probably already do......"

I was starting to get on edge now. It was obvious to me that she was trying to tell me something. Since it had to do with female bodies, I especially wanted to hear it.

Holding my sister's panties open and holding them out to me she said, "Bobby, I'm betting you already figured this part out, but, it's perfectly normal to see some residue like this inside a woman's panties."

She must have sensed my confusion and clarified herself by saying "I mean...... a female's vagina cleans itself all the time. Some of that leaks out and gets on our underwear. It's normal. Sometimes it's a little and sometimes it's a lot. On top of that, when a woman gets aroused....... you know, uh, sexually excited I mean, her vagina starts to lubricate and that lubrication can leak out, too......"

I was about to ask her something when she held up her hand and stopped me. "Let me finish." She said.

"...and going back to what we were talking about before, I think it's normal for a male to notice and be attracted to the female's scent...... maybe it's part of mother nature's plan, or something like that. Now, what were you going to say?" She asked.

"Well, Mom," I started, "I mean..... I was just wondering.... uh, when someone says a woman was 'wet', is that when her..... uh..... you know.....her..... place down there is cleaning itself?"

"Bobby, it's okay to say the word 'vagina'. You're not going to embarrass me." She said. "Half the people in the world have a vagina, and the other half....." she started to laugh.... "...is either trying to see it, feel it or do something else to it. But, my point is that it's okay to say the word. I don't mind if you call it a 'pussy' since your Dad calls it that, but I just don't like that other word..... the 'C' word, and I don't ever want to hear you say it."

I nodded my understanding and made a mental note. Even though I didn't make a habit of using the word 'cunt', I had heard my friends say it and even heard my sister say it more than once.

"So, to answer your question," she continued, "the vagina cleans itself 24 hours a day, it's a continual process that never stops. But, when someone refers to a woman being 'wet', that's usually sexual slang to mean she's sexually excited and her vagina is lubricating."

This conversation certainly was intriguing and I was closely following what she was saying when she abruptly asked "Bobby, are you still a virgin? Have you gone all the way with a girl?"

I quickly looked away, not able to look her in the eye as I thought about how I could avoid answering her. Being eighteen and still a virgin wasn't something I was especially proud of.

"Come on.... answer me," she said, "are you a virgin?"

I nodded my head up and down, admitting to her silently that I was. "Ah," she said, "I understand where all these questions are coming from now. So tell me this," she asked, "have you ever touched a girl's vagina?"

Again, I stared out into space, not wanting to answer her. "Well," she asked, "Have you?" When I didn't answer her again, she reached out and tugged my arm saying "Come on, we're supposed to be having a discussion. That means each person is supposed to actually speak to the other."

I finally looked at her and said "Technically, no, I haven't ..... but...."

"Well, you either have or you haven't......... and if you haven't, then it makes sense that you might not know much about the vagina," she said.

I was hesitant to say anything, not knowing exactly what she was asking, so I did something completely bizarre...... I told the truth.

"Mom, okay...... here it is.... Yes, I am a virgin. I'm probably the only one who graduated from high school this year that hasn't done it. And, no, I haven't touched a real live bare vagina. I did get close once, though. I felt a girl under her skirt at a party but she wouldn't let me touch her inside her panties."

"Bobby," she said, "I'm not trying to embarrass you. I think it's perfectly fine that you're still a virgin. I'm just trying to find out how much you know and how much experience you have. The only way I can do that is to ask, right? Besides, I think it's good that we're having this discussion... it shows maturity on your part."

Then she asked "But, I assume you've seen what a vagina looks like, right? Like in pictures?"

I nodded and then answered her question saying "Yeah, I've seen books and pictures and, uh..... I saw Linda's a long time ago, and... well.... I've seen yours, too....."

I looked up to see her reaction and was happy that she didn't seem mad. I went on to tell her how I had seen her in the bathroom a few times, and also in her bedroom. She didn't seem shocked or upset with me at all. And for that, I was relieved.

"Well, then you know what one looks like." She paused for a minute, and then added "But you shouldn't be hiding and peeking in at me, Bobby..... I'm not mad at you and honestly, I wouldn't mind that you saw me, but, hiding and peeking isn't very honest, it's sneaky and it isn't a very mature thing to do......"

"Mom, I promise I wasn't trying to peek at you. Those times.... they just happened accidentally and I only looked because, uh....."

"Well, what?" She asked.

"Because I've never seen a real live naked girl, Mom! I mean I've never seen a grown up girl – someone besides my own sister." I looked at her with pleading eyes, trying to make it as logical as I could and then finished my sentence with "Do you think the girls at school just walked around naked, or something? When would I get a chance to see a completely naked girl?"

"I see your point and believe me, I'm not upset with you, Bobby." After a second or two, she continued with "Look, let's be adult about this..... if you're curious and want to look, then how about this..... why don't you just ask me? I would much rather you ask than sneak around or feel like you have to peek. After all, we do live under the same roof and it's bound to happen now and then."

Holy Shit! Did I hear that right? Did my Mom just tell me that I could ask to see her naked? And, did she also say she would be okay with it?

I felt like I was going into a state of shock. Between the throbbing in my pants and my heart beating like crazy, I was totally blown away with what she said. Fuck, I wish I could have had this discussion with her about four years ago!

"So," she continued, "back to your original question..... you know what happens when a man or a boy gets sexually aroused, right?"

I blushed when she asked. Of course I knew. I was standing there with a dick as hard as a steel pipe in my pants – an aching steel pipe! I answered "Yes, Mom."

"Bobby, here's a little biology lesson for you," she said, "when the male gets aroused, blood flows into the penis to make it erect so it can slide into the female's vagina to deposit the sperm to make a baby. The female, on the other hand, needs to be lubricated, or 'wet' as they say, so the penis can slide in easily without hurting the female. As the penis moves in and out of the vagina, the lubrication helps reduce the friction and adds pleasure to both the male and the female. When the male ejaculates, the lubrication also make it easier for the sperm to swim to the female's egg, then fertilization happens and nine months later, a baby is born."

It sounded like my Mom had just quoted a biology book to describe what fucking was. Even though it was clinical, I completely understood what 'wet' meant now.

"Did you know that the male lubricates, too?" She asked.

I knew that was a trick question so I spoke up saying "Come on, Mom.... I know that's not true."

"No, Mr. Smartypants, it's absolutely true." She said. "There's a special lubrication that coats the inside of the penis so the sperm flows out easily when the male ejaculates. If you think about it, or maybe look for it next time you masturbate, you'll see it..... it's clear and very slippery.... It's not urine and it's not sperm..... it's your own form of lubrication to assist mother nature. Pretty clever, huh?"

She sure had me thinking now. I don't think I had ever really understood what that clear stuff was. I thought it was just cum that was leaking out before I shot my wad. And yes, I had noticed it was real slippery and sometimes a lot came out. Hell, I didn't know my Mom was so cool and knew so much about sex and she was willingly telling me all of this. Unfortunately, the side effect it had on my aching cock didn't help my situation at all. Now it wasn't only aching, it was throbbing and straining against my jeans so that all I wanted to do now was run to my room and jack myself off!

But instead, I decided it would be better to show some appreciation for telling me all of this and not being mad at me about the panties. "Mom, in the last 30 minutes, you've told me more about the female body and the male body than I ever knew. I've heard some of this in Health class and some from my friends, but, everything you've told me makes sense. If I would have known you would be so open about it, I would have come to you a long time ago. Thanks, Mom."

Mom smiled the warm smile I've seen so many times and held her arms out to me. As she hugged me, she said "Bobby, I told you I wasn't going to pry about the panties I found in your drawer, but, in light of our conversation, can we talk about that for a minute?"

I tried to pull back out of the hug, but, she held on to me and said "No, you stay right where you are..... I think we can be completely honest with each other now, can't we? It'll be just between us, I promise."

Fear went through my mind, but, there was a glimmer of hope that I wasn't going to get chastised and all she wanted to do was talk. So far, she had been understanding and very open with me and a new bond of trust had been created between us, so, I nodded 'yes' and told her we could talk about the panties.

"Okay," she started, "first question then, were you using those panties when you masturbated?"

I tried to pull back out of the hug again, but she kept me pulled into her and said "Come on... just answer the question.... yes or no?"

"Yes." I answered shamefully.

She pulled back and looked at me. "See," she said, "that wasn't so hard was it? Besides, given the fact they were covered with your sperm, it was pretty obvious to me anyway. Thank you for being honest about it."

When I turned my eyes away from her and didn't say anything she added "You don't have to be embarrassed, Bobby. Remember when I told you I thought a young man's interest in female underwear was sort of normal?"

I finally looked at her, nodding my head that I remembered she said that.

"Next," she said, "can you tell me exactly what you were doing with them? How you were using them?"

"Mom!" I said, "are you trying to embarrass me more than I already am?"

"No, Bobby," she answered, "I'm not trying to embarrass you at all. I'm trying to understand, and I think I've been pretty frank and open with you and I think I deserve the same in return. I already told you this was just between us, so I don't know what you're getting so defensive about. You're not going to get in any trouble – I just want to know."

She pulled me back into her hug and I felt her rubbing my back as she held me in her warmth. "Go ahead and tell me, Bobby. I'll just hold you like this and you can tell me everything. Come on, don't close up on me now....."

I stood there, and stood there, and stood there until she told me she was going to keep hugging me until I answered her question. Finally I asked "Will you promise not to get mad at me or tell Dad?"

"Yes," she said, "I promise. This is just between us, I give you my word."

"Okay then," I began, "I was smelling them and wrapping them around my.... uh, you know... down there.... and then doing it." I waited for her to gasp or throw me away from her or yell, but, there was no reaction for a few seconds. Then, I felt her rubbing my back again and she said "So, while you were masturbating you were smelling the panties and wrapping them around your penis?"

"Yes," I said, "are you shocked or mad?"

She laughed and kissed my cheek. "No, Bobby, I'm not shocked or mad at you. Why would I be?"

"I don't know," I said, "I just guessed you were telling me all that other stuff to get me to tell you why I had the panties so you could lecture me, or something...."

"I'm surely not going to tell you how you should or shouldn't masturbate, Bobby," she said, "I think different things turn different people on and if this is what brings you pleasure, then okay. I'll just remind you to be careful so that your sister and father don't catch on, okay?"

"You're really not mad at me?" I asked her.

"No, Bobby, of course not. But, I've got a few more questions I would like to ask, though."

"Fuck!" I though. "When is this going to end... what now?"

She must have picked up on my body language and pulled me to sit down at the table with her. She sat down next to me and as I looked at all the panties still strewn across the table she started in again....

"So, that's it?" she asked. "You're just smelling them and wrapping them around yourself as you masturbate?"

I nodded 'yes'.

"Well," she said, "I just wanted to know. I didn't know if you were wearing them or showing them to your friends, or what."

"Mom," I replied, "Believe it or not, I've never worn them, and I haven't told my friends anything. None of us ever talk about how we jackoff!"

"Actually, Bobby," she said, "I wouldn't care if you were wearing them, but, I would care if you were sharing your sister's or my panties with your friends. I think that would be a pretty big invasion of privacy and breech of trust."

Then she added, "Are you telling me the truth, you haven't worn any of them? Neither mine or your sister's?"

"No!" I answered. "I swear! I've never even thought about that."

"Okay," Mom said, "I'm just a little surprised by that, but, I believe you."

"Why does that surprise you, Mom?" I asked, "Did you think I was a homo or something?"

"Bobby, whether you know it or not," she said, "it's actually fairly common for men, or for that matter, boys, to want to wear female underwear."

"Plus," she added, "I don't think that would make you a 'homo' anyway. All I'm saying is that if you did, I wouldn't care. I just wouldn't want your sister or your father to catch you. And if you wanted to try it to see if you liked it or not, I might be able to help you..... that's all I'm saying."

She just looked at me after she finished speaking.... like she was waiting for me to say something. When I didn't speak, she continued, saying "Well, I was pretty sure you were using them to ejaculate into, especially with all the dried sperm that was on them. I'm curious about one thing, though.... Do you mind answering one more question for me?"

"Why not," I answered, "you know everything already, I might as well..... what do I have to lose now...... go ahead and ask."

"Bobby, one of those pairs of panties didn't have any sperm spots or stickiness. What were you doing with those?

Well, if she wasn't shocked before, then I guess it was okay to tell her the rest of the truth. I looked at her and gathering up as much courage as I could, I said "Those were the ones I was smelling. The other ones I was wrapping around my, uh.... penis."

"Did you know those panties were mine, Bobby?" she asked.

I looked down, averting my eyes because I couldn't look at her as I answered. "Yes."

She sat there for a minute. I could tell she was contemplating my answer and the ramifications of my confession. I started to wonder how she felt about me sniffing her panties while I was jacking off. Was she going to lose her cool, or, would she take it in stride like everything else we had talked about.

"Am I in trouble now?" I asked.

"No, Bobby," she said softly. "I'm just, uh..... how should I say it, well.... I guess I'm flattered by it....... I guess I'm shocked a little bit, too."

I sat back in my chair, pulling away and turning my eyes from her. She reached out and caught my arm as I tried to move away saying, "Oh, Bobby – don't worry, I'm not shocked at you..... I'm shocked at myself... for what I was thinking just now."

When I looked up at her, her hand started to squeeze my arm and said "Thank you for telling me that, though. I can't tell you how that makes me feel, Sweetheart. It makes me feel very special."

She laughed and absentmindedly picked up one of the pairs of dirty panties lying out on the table where we were sitting. "Bobby," she said, "we've got to get back to the laundry... and this stuff needs to go in the washer and we need to wrap this up before Linda and your father get home from the store......"

I nodded my head up and down and started to get up from the table. Once we were both standing, she turned to me and putting her hands on my shoulders said "But, before we put all these in the washer, I was just thinking that all this talk about panties and wetness and masturbation might have excited you to a boiling point."

She went on, "What I'm trying to say is this, Bobby.... If, uh.... you wanted to pick one of these pairs of panties and relieve yourself.... well, you could do that. But, you'd have to hurry."

Gesturing to the pile of silky panties on the table I asked "Mom, did you just say I could pick one of these and take them to my room and masturbate with them?"

"Well," she said, "that's not exactly what I said. But, you got some of it right. What I meant was..... you could pick one of these and masturbate yourself, but you would have to do it here. We're really short on time, Bobby."

"You mean..... right here? In front of you?" I asked.

"Yes. That's exactly what I mean." She said. "If you don't want to, that's totally fine, but if not, these are going to have to go directly into the washer so I can get them started. I'm surprised they aren't home already."

All of a sudden, it was like each pair of the beautiful and soft panties were calling my name, screaming out to me and urging me to pick them up. I looked down at the pile and saw several pairs that looked like they would do the trick. I visualized myself taking each one in hand and sniffing them until I found the perfect pair with the best smell and whacking my hard cock until I came. It would mean she would see me, though... she would see my hard penis, she would see me masturbate and she would see me shoot my cum.

I looked at her and she smiled. She crossed her arms over her chest and asked "What's it gonna be, Bobby? Either right here and right now, or hope you're lucky enough to find a pair that excites you sometime later?"

I can't believe I was really thinking about doing it. Sure, I wanted to sniff each of the panties, but, was I really okay with letting my Mom watch me jerk myself off?

"Come on," she said, "I've got an idea. Let's try this...... if it's too uncomfortable for you, just say so and we can stop."

She turned me toward the table where the panties were. "Close your eyes," she said, "and don't open them until I tell you, okay?"

"Okay." I said. What did she have in mind?

"Now, while your eyes are closed," she told me, "I'll put each of these pairs under your nose and you give them a quick sniff and tell me to either change to a different pair or keep them there. Once you find a pair you like, then we can think about the next step. Is that a plan?"

I told her that was fine. No problem at all. So far, my jeans were still on and it looked like I had the option to call it off if I wanted to. But, I simply wasn't mentally prepared when she placed the first pair under my nose. As I pulled back and my eyes shot open, I saw that she was holding the inside crotch of one of the pairs directly under my nose. "Hey, no fair. You're peeking!" She said.

I closed my eyes and took in a deep sniff...... "Well," she laughed, "what do you think? Should I put these in the 'keep' pile or throw it in the washer?"

I felt her move to my left side and put her right arm around my shoulders. Holding the panties with her left hand, she pushed them into my nostrils giving me the full effect of the panties. I didn't know if they were Linda's panties, or her own panties. Quite honestly, I didn't even care.

"You took too long, Buster," she says, "into the washer for these." I felt her twist behind me and I guessed she tossed that pair into the washer. Within a few more seconds, another pair was thrust up to my nostrils. As she held it there, I took in a long sniff.

"Holy Fuck!" I thought. "These were awesome!" My cock jumped in my pants and my senses started to swirl. I didn't care that my Mom was standing right next to me, I had to reach down and adjust myself. My cock, now throbbing and straining in my jeans, was beyond the point of cooperating.

As she pulled the panties from under my nose I couldn't stop myself from saying "No!"

"Oh, so you like these?" She asked and I felt her put the panties back under my nostrils.

"Oh.... Yeah." I answered. I felt her hold them tighter against my nose so all of my senses were rapt by the aroma emanating from the panties. "You really like these?" She asked.

I was torn between embarrassment and horniness, humiliation and ecstasy. But these panties were really something. "Are these the ones?" She asked.

It was the point of truth for me..... it was the 'Go / NoGo' point. My throat was swollen and my mouth was dry..... I couldn't speak because if I did, I knew that I was going to agree...... I could only nod to her and that's what I did, nodding my head up and down as if quietly acknowledging what was going to happen next.

I felt her begin to rub my shoulders and neck with her right hand. Still holding the musky panties to my nose, she whispered in my ear. "Keep your eyes closed, Bobby.... and undo the top button of your jeans..... don't do anything more than that..... just unbutton the top button."

As if I was hypnotized, my hands found their way to the front of my pants and I undid the button of my jeans. She momentarily moved the panties from under my nose causing a blast of fresh air to get into my nostrils followed by a strong burst of feminine smell as she pushed the fabric back up against my nose.

"You doing okay so far?" she asked. I still couldn't speak... I'm not sure why my vocal cords were frozen, but I was too turned on to stop what was happening. My thoughts kept bouncing back and forth between my Mom about to see me masturbate and what those panties were doing to me...... driving me almost into a frenzy. I could only nod my head, 'Yes', I was okay.

"Undo the buttons on your fly now," she whispered, "nothing more... just undo the buttons... that's all."

Again, just as before, my hands mysteriously moved to my jeans and without even so much of a trace of a delay, I pulled the buttons on my jeans loose one at a time. Once they were all undone, I felt my jeans sag on my hips and I knew that with one false move, they would tumble down, leaving me standing with a hard-on in front of my mother, covered only in my underwear. My cock throbbed when it felt the pressure of my jeans release around my hips, and I heard a sharp intake of breath from my Mom. I stood there, though, eyes closed, sniffing the panties she held to my nose waiting for the next step in this game of masturbation 'Chicken'.

"Do you want to keep going?" She asked, followed by "You can stop if you want. And if you go on, I promise this will stay just between us, Bobby."

"Fuck!" I thought. Was this some kind of sexual torture she learned somewhere? Perhaps some game she played with my father or some long lost boyfriend from her past? For heaven's sake, this was my Mom! She was inciting a sexual fever in me I couldn't explain.

But, I wasn't thinking with my big head anymore. My cock was calling all the shots now. To make matters worse, she kept moving the panties under my nose so a fresh spot in the crotch of the panties could find it's way into my nostrils.... I was a goner..... Once again, I nodded 'yes'.

"Oh, no," she said, "this time you need to answer me yes or no, I want you to say it so you understand what you're doing."

As soon as she completed her sentence, I found myself answering "Yes."

I felt her move against me and move in closer – still rubbing my back and shoulders with her right hand as she held the panties to my nose with her left. "Ok then..... keep your eyes closed and push your jeans down and let them fall. Go ahead... don't think about it too much, just do it...."

I knew that if I did this... if I pushed my pants down..... there was no turning back. Once I did this, I was going to go all the way. I felt a flush of excitement as I quickly pushed them down, feeling my cock twitch and the pure strength and hardness of my cock gave me a powerful feeling of confidence. Any embarrassment and humiliation I might have had was completely gone and I was excited at the thought of getting myself off. On top of that, the reality of her seeing me was now extremely exciting. It was weird, but, I silently accepted the fact that she was going to see me do it and I had to admit to myself that I wanted her to see me do it.

"Bobby, you have to do the rest yourself from here on out," she said, "I don't want you to look back at this and see it as something I talked you into or made you do. If you want to continue, knowing full well I'm standing right next to you, then now is the time. Just pull your underwear down to your knees and get busy."

She kept rubbing me, but her touch was lighter now and she seemed to be softly concentrating on my neck. It seemed like an eternity, but I know it was only a few seconds before I made the final decision. It seemed like I was moving in slow motion as my hands went to the waistband of my cotton briefs and pushed them down. I felt my cock sway out and back as I bent to push them all the way down.

Standing there with my cock obviously in full view of my mother, a flood of pleasure engulfed me as I imagined what I must look like.... my pants around my ankles and my undies pulled down to my knees, just as she told me to do..... I felt so proud standing there.... my hard cock straining up, pointing toward the ceiling..... OMG!! Was she looking at my cock? I hoped so. I couldn't bear to open my eyes, but the soft gasp that escaped her lips told me she was indeed looking.

Her words were very soft in my ear as she said "Remember, no matter what happens, just keep your eyes closed.... Go ahead now, Bobby, you know what to do. Just do what feels good."

I reached out and took my cock in my right hand and started stroking it. What a rush this was, masturbating in front of my mom while she's holding used panties to my nose. I stroked myself slowly at first, stopping every now and then to grasp my cock tightly and point it over toward her.... was she looking? Could she tell I was trying to hold it out and show her?

"Feel the tip of your penis, Bobby....... all the way at the end." She said. "Feel that slippery wet stuff?" I felt the end of my cock and sure enough, it was wet. I felt the consistency, rubbing it between my thumb and first finger, realizing what it was.

"See," she said, "Open your eyes for a minute and see how much is there."

I opened my eyes and looked down as she pulled the panties away from my nose. Rubbing the tip of my swollen cock head, I turned to look at her. The look on my mother's face took my breath away. Her gaze was way beyond staring and she was slowly leaning down..... her head getting closer and closer to my cock until she stopped about 18 inches from it.

Finally, she turned her head up to look at me. We stared at each other for a few seconds until she raised herself back up and repositioned the panties under my nose so I got a fresh whiff of pussy. "You're doing fine, Bobby. Don't hold back now, we don't have a lot of time. Close your eyes again and enjoy this. Go all the way. I know you want to."

I felt her shift her weight into me a little, pressing my left arm between her breasts as she snuggled me into her. I heard her take a sharp intake of breath as I grasped tightly around my cock and milked it to make more precum come out. I held my cock out deliberately for a few seconds and jutted my hips forward for the sole purpose of letting her see it and I wondered if she was enjoying this as much as I was. My mind wandered as I thought about what she was thinking as she watched me. I grew harder at the thought of her getting turned on..... of her maybe even touching me.... my cock surged and I felt my fingers dripping with the thick precum.

Playing with the pre-cum, I discovered I was leaking liberally and I could completely coat the head of my cock. "It's so slippery and there's so much." I said, moaning my first real words since we sat at the table where I confessed my masturbatory habits.

She leaned close to my ear and in a very soft whisper she said "Hmm, yes, I see. I think I've got you beat, though."

Whoa! Did I hear that correctly? Unbelievable! My mother is wet? Right now? Watching me? She's wet? Oh, man.... How much would I give to see that? In fact, how much would I give to see her in her wet panties? Or to have her wet panties? Or watch her masturbate? Or see her naked? To see her pussy? This was so unbelievable... so hot letting her watch me masturbate and knowing she's getting turned on, too.

My paced immediately picked up and I started stroking my hard cock with determination. My eyes were squinted and my hand started to fly over my steel. "What are you thinking about?" She asked.

My hand kept at it as she asked again "Bobby, tell me what you're thinking right now? Don't think of what to say, just tell me..... just say it..."

"You," I blurted out, "you watching me do this..... your panties....your wet panties, and your wet pussy... seeing you naked and watching you masturbate and letting me masturbate while I watch you....." I was panting, gasping for breath and I knew I was starting to get close.

"Hmm," she said, "So, you like me holding these panties for you to smell?"

I nodded my head up and down to say 'Yes'.

"And you like me standing next to you and watching, don't you?" She asked.

I managed to say "Yes" in between breaths and then she asked "Would you like me to watch you again sometime?"

Again I answered "Yes."

"And you're not embarrassed for Mommy to see you naked or masturbating?" She asked.

It was kind of a shock to hear her refer to herself as 'Mommy', but, it turned me on to hear her say it and I shook my head from side to side and said "No".

"And your thinking about my panties right now," she prompted, "and wondering if they are wet, aren't you?"

"Oh, yeah... oh yeah." I panted.

"And you want to see Mommy in her panties?" She asked.

I was stroking my cock at a fever pitch, and I knew it wouldn't be long before I spewed cum all over. "Yes, Yes..... Oooohhhhh, I'm starting to get close now, I can feel it..."

"You probably want to see me masturbate in my panties, don't you.... and then take them off and hand them to you so you can smell my wetness while you look at Mommy's pussy while you masturbate..... would you like that?"

"Oh, Mom," I gasped for air, "Yes..... yes, I would really like that."

She pushed the panties she was holding tighter against my nostrils and I took a big sniff in response. "Bobby, the panties under your nose are the same ones I was wearing the day I found the panties hidden in your drawer..... I was so wet that day, Bobby... I even touched myself wearing them..... I masturbated in the panties you are smelling right now. Do you like the way your Mommy smells?"

Her statement sent me directly over the edge. I began to moan as I felt the build up start to overpower me. "Oh yes..... oh yes... oh yes.... Oh, Mom......"

"Come on Bobby," she said, "show me how you do it..... show me how you cum when you're smelling my panties.... open your eyes now and make yourself cum."

I opened my eyes and immediately looked at my mother standing just to the left of me. Her head was bent down staring at my cock. I couldn't hold back any more as it began to erupt like a huge pressure bomb going off inside of me. My climax started literally at the tip of my cock and I could feel it brace itself for the explosion.

Round after round of cum spewed out, spraying all over the panties lying in front of me on the table. I felt it all over my cock... all over my hands.... on my legs and I saw stray drops fly her way, too.

It was the longest and strongest cum I had ever had up to that point in my life. She kept saying "Oh, Bobby... Oh, Bobby..... Oh, Bobby..." while I was spraying everything in sight with my cum. I was both embarrassed and proud of the volume of cum I produced, but seeing the look on her face as the last few jets of cum shot out, all the embarrassment faded as I sensed that she was pleased.

When my eruption was done and the cum was just dribbling out of my cock, and she guided me to one of the chairs we sat in earlier. "Just relax now, Sweetheart.... close your eyes and try to catch your breath. Let Mommy clean you up........."

End of Chapter 2. Next: Mom grants Bobby's wish.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 03
byPro_Ball_Player©

This is the third chapter of this story. This chapter picks up immediately after the end of chapter two where Bobby masturbated in front of his mother.

*

I closed my eyes and was aware of my half hard cock bobbing over my balls, swaying slightly in time with my breathing. I felt a stirring at my feet and opened my eyes to see my mother kneeling down and untying my sneakers. She looked up to see me looking down at her as one shoe, and then the other, fell away. I saw her glance up at my slimy, cum covered cock and smile.

Standing, she leaned over to me and lightly kissed my cheek, placing one hand on my chest and one on my shoulder saying "Just close your eyes and let me get you cleaned up...... sit there and relax, take some deep breaths and keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them."

That was just fine with me, too. I was still trying to catch my breath, feeling exhausted after my masturbation exhibition in front of my mother. My chest was thumping and I was covered with light sweat and cum. I felt light headed, but good. I felt older, somehow. It didn't matter that my pants and underwear were now completely resting around my ankles and I didn't give one solitary thought to my nakedness. In fact, I shamelessly let my knees fall apart hoping she was would see it as an invitation.

Sitting there, I realized my mother and I had transcended a traditionally observed boundary. Things couldn't be the same as they were before. She had seen me masturbate. Hell, she had even helped me – sort of. Unless I misunderstood, she gave me permission to use her panties when I masturbated and even do it in front of her again. She had already seen me make my cock hard and stroke it, not to mention spray my sperm all over when I came. But, I think most of all, I felt proud of what happened. In some way, it felt wonderful to be exposed in front of her and even more wonderful to know that she enjoyed it, too.

I was snapped back to reality when I felt her lift one of my feet and tug my jeans and underwear off. She did the same with the other foot and when she did, I positioned my feet in such a way that my knees naturally fell open allowing an avenue for her to approach, if she wanted to. The thought of her stripping me and sitting in such an exposing position in front of her soon caused my to cock to react and start to stiffen as she worked at my feet.

When I opened my eyes to see the state of my hardening cock, I saw that she was no longer there. After a few seconds, I heard the sound of water running at the sink and then shortly after, I heard the water stop. Hearing her footsteps approaching, I closed my eyes and waited for her return.

Almost immediately, she was beside me and I felt her hand on my head and her lips kiss me on the cheek again. "I'm proud of you," she said, "that took a lot of courage, especially with me watching. And, just so you know, I was very turned-on watching you.... I haven't been that excited and aroused for a long time, Mister. Thank you... and I really mean that." This time I felt her kiss me very lightly on the lips.

Shortly, I felt the soothing warmth of a hot washcloth as it wiped my spent cum from my hands, and then my legs. Working her way up, she was wiping down my thighs and when I thought she was through, I felt her gently grasp the tip of my cock and wipe around the base, then work her way up my shaft. Her touch made it swell and throb uncontrollably in her hands, and in response, she squeezed me lightly. I couldn't help but give it a flex or two as she held me.

"Oh, my...". She said. Hearing her, I opened my eyes to see my mother again kneeling between my legs, staring at my hardened cock in her hand. "I used to wash you like this when you were little," she said, "that was a long time ago and until today, I didn't realize that you really were a full grown man now."

She continued speaking as she held and starred at my cock, saying "Sweetheart, I don't have any regrets about what we just did. I don't have any doubts that you enjoyed it and I'll be honest and say I did, too." She went back to wiping my cock with the washcloth as she spoke, saying "But, this is something neither one of us can ever speak of to anyone else.... Can you understand why, Bobby?"

"Mom, I realize that and I would never say or do anything that would get us or the family in trouble. But, Mom...." I paused for a moment to pick just the right words...

She was finishing wiping the cum off my cock as she said "Yes, I'm listening..."

"Uh, well I don't know exactly how to say this, but, uh, I think that was just about the best time I've ever had masturbating..... and, uh..... it was because of you, Mom. The things you said and did just really got to me. Do you think it would be alright if we did something like this again? That is, if you want to."

"Come on," she said, "close your eyes and relax while I finish so we can get you dressed before you father and sister get home."

I closed my eyes and felt her hands back on my cock, both of them now – holding it like a baseball bat, stroking it very softly up and down. I opened my eyes just a crack to see her holding it right in front of her face, looking at it. She glanced up at me, I assume to see if my eyes were closed, and satisfied that I wasn't looking, she brushed my cock against her cheek. Then looking up at me again, she moved her mouth closer. When she was close enough, her tongue darted out and I saw her take a drop of cum from the head of my cock and then disappear back into her mouth. I couldn't help it - my cock pulsed and I felt it harden and tug against her grasp.

"Well," she said, "I think you're cleaned up fairly well, so you just sit there and get your wind back while I get your clothes."

I closed my eyes again, laid my head back and relaxed. "What you said before was sweet, Bobby. Every woman likes to know that she's sexy and desirable and still has what it takes to turn a man on. And, even though we both know this shouldn't have happened, I think right now, we both want it to happen again. But, let's just sleep on it and see how we feel about it when we both have a clearer mind. Would you feel comfortable talking about it sometime later?"

"I'm not going to change my mind, Mom. There's no way I'm ever going to forget this. It was just too special......"

She interrupted me by saying "Bobby, you feel like that now because you're still excited and your wee-wee is making all the decisions for you..... lets just save that discussion for another time and I promise we'll talk it through very soon."

As she talked, she lifted first one foot and then the other to slip on my underwear. Telling me to stand, I opened my eyes and raised myself out of the chair. Looking down, I couldn't believe what I saw. She was pulling a pair of yellow nylon panties up my legs. Seeing my concern, she simply said "Your own underwear was covered with sperm, Sweetheart..... these are your sister's and will have to do for now.... I don't have any of your underwear down here. You took them all upstairs, remember? Besides, no one will know except you and I, and they are clean, so just go along with it for now."

She pulled the panties up my legs and settled them on my hips. She wasn't bashful about reaching into the panties, grasping my hardness and pulling it straight up against my stomach. "If they bother you, you can change out of them later. How about that?"

They were snug, but they weren't tight. As she adjusted the waistband and the elastic on the legs, she playfully cupped my balls and my cock with both her hands which caused my cock to lurch and pulse. A small wet spot appeared on the material where the tip of my cock touched. Noticing the wet spot, she smiled, looked up at me and said "Seems as though they fit pretty well, and, uh....... judging from your reaction, you may just like them. Why don't you give them a chance and see how you feel about it in a few hours."

She had a look on her face that reminded me of the way she looked that day when she caught me ogling my sister as she bent over in her panties. "Okay, Mom."

"Good." She said as she reached for my jeans. Holding them out for me to step into, she waited until my feet were in and then she pulled them up my legs. "Gosh, it's been a long time since I've dressed you like this, Bobby.... I didn't realize how much I missed it until now." She added.

As she fumbled with the fly, I felt her hands brush my still erect member. Her finger reached out and touched the tip, straining against the fabric of the panties, and then traced down across the underside of my cock. Looking down at what she was doing, I got the feeling she was 'feeling' me, not dressing me..... and I was totally fine with it. I concentrated hard, trying to 'will' her to continue, but she withdrew her fingers and had my jeans buttoned up before I could even consider making a plea for her to keep touching my cock. "It might be a good idea," she said, "to keep your t-shirt pulled down, though."

Turning me around and facing me toward the table, she said "What do you say we get all these panties in the washer now and get upstairs? I know Linda and your father will be home any minute now."

She reached over to the table and picked up a pink pair of panties that were balled up on the table. Holding them out to me she said "These are the panties you were enjoying a few minutes ago. I'll let you keep them until we have our little talk."

I was going to thank her, but, she put her finger to my lips and said "Shhhh, no more talk about it now. It's a secret, remember?"

With that she pushed them down into the pocket of my jeans and smiled. She brushed the hair away from my eyes and pulled me into her for another hug. "I just can't believe how big you've gotten and how the time just seemed to slip away from me." She said. "I'm still tingling from before, Bobby..... I haven't been aroused like that for a long, long time."

As she pulled away, something inside me took over and I had the uncontrollable urge to kiss her. I leaned into her and before I knew it, my lips were against hers and we were kissing. This wasn't the kind of kiss a son gives his mother, but instead, it was the kind of kiss that lovers share. She responded immediately. It was warm and soft and tender and passionate all at the same time. I felt her arms tighten around me and her breathing quickened, as did mine. We separated for a minute, looked at each other, then taking a breath, our lips found each other again and we spent the next few minutes cuddling together. Without thinking, my arm worked it's way between us and I found myself cupping her breast.

"Oh, no you don't, Mister!" She pushed me away and put her hands on her hips and smiled at me. "You have no idea what you're starting with that, and I'm already on the edge, so please, don't tempt me."

She shook her head and then shook her finger, as if she was scolding me. Then, her smile faded into a far away look as she took a step closer. Reaching for my hand, she guided it slowly back to her breast. We stood about a foot apart, looking at each other as she held my hand to her left breast. "It's been so long since someone has touched me like this." She said. "I miss it so much..... can we just hug like this for a minute?"

She had done something unbelievably special for me earlier, and I could see that she now needed me to do something special for her. The look in her eyes was a look of desperate longing and missing passion. My heart went out to her and I felt it pounding inside my chest.

I pulled her close to me, my hand still cupping her breast under her own hand as she held it there. I squeezed very gently and a moan escaped her lips. I squeezed again and she let her own hand fall away as she pressed her breast into my palm. Feeling the fullness of my own mother's breast, I heard her say "When I was nursing you, your little hands used to hold me. Now you're doing it again."

Shifting my hand slightly, I felt her nipple and gingerly tweaked it through her bra. Her reaction was immediate and caught me off guard as she almost melted in my arms. She moaned softly and made these slight 'cooing' sounds which told me I was doing something she liked. Her breathing was much quicker now and she started to slowly sway back and forth. "Mom, do you want me to stop?" I asked.

This time it was she that didn't answer. I secretly felt proud that I found something that she apparently liked, something to perhaps return some of the pleasure she had given to me earlier. I played my hunch by moving my free hand to her other breast and felt for that nipple, too. As I did, she shifted – positioning herself so I could have complete access to both her breasts with my inexperienced hands. Finally throwing caution to the wind, I used more pressure on both and lightly pinched both nipples at the same time.

She turned her head away from me and laid it on my chest. The rate of her breathing quickened and I felt one of her hands move from where she had been lightly hugging me to between her legs. I didn't want to break the closeness we were sharing, but it was obvious to me that she was touching herself over her clothes.

I pinched her nipples again, and when I did, she turned her face toward me. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was open. She bit down on her lower lip and I could feel her hand moving more obviously now... pressing into her crotch. I pinched her nipples in unison, quickly pinching and then releasing, time and time again until I finally held the pinch. She started to pant and her eyes shot open. "Oh, oh, oh, oh." She said. "Harder now..." She said. So I did. Our eyes were locked together when she told me to pinch even harder. And I did that, too. "Oh, Bobby, I'm almost there...... OH! OH!"

It wasn't long before she opened her mouth as if she was going to scream, but nothing came out for a few seconds... then all of a sudden, she said "OOOOOHHHH!"

Her body shook and convulsed in my arms and I had to let go of her nipples to put my arms around her because I was afraid she going to fall. Beaming with pride, I held her as she shook, knowing she was cumming and that I was the one that brought it on.

After a few minutes, we were still standing there with me holding her body loosely in my arms. Feeling the time was right, I pulled back to look at her. This was no longer my Mom.... She was a tender and sexy woman who had given me the sexual adventure of my life and whom I had partially repaid by doing something that pleased her in the same way she had pleased me.

There were no words spoken between us as we looked at one another, only the sound of her breathing as it broke the silence of the laundry room. She put her hands over her face like she was trying to hide from me. "Mom, did I hurt you?" I asked.

She dropped her hands and shook her head at me. I could see a tear in her eye and she reached out to hold my head in her hands saying "That was incredible..... I mean, it was beyond words..... it's only happened one other time in my life like that.... a long, long time ago before I met your Father."

"Oh, Bobby, I don't know what to say," she said, "I don't know what to feel now..... I haven't had an orgasm that strong in probably ten years. Sweetheart, how did you know to do that?"

"How did I know what, Mom? I asked.

"You mean to tell me you had no idea what you were doing to me just then?" She asked.

"Mom," I answered, "I just did what I thought you wanted me to do.... That's all."

"Bobby, I don't know if you're going to believe this or not, but, I just had a really strong orgasm, one that was much stronger than any I've had in a long time.... It was incredible what you were doing to me..... I just love being touched like that."

"Well, were even then," I said, "I already told you how I felt about what happened to me." I stopped for a minute, gathering the courage to ask her a question a son should never ask his mother. Still, if there was ever a time to ask it, and get away with it, it would be now.

"Mom, can I ask you something and will you promise to understand why I'm asking it?"

"Considering what we've just done," she said, "I think it's okay to ask me anything. But, I'm still your Mother, so I reserve the right to not answer. Agreed?"

"That's fair," I said. "I'm not sure exactly how to ask this, so I'm just going to ask straight out, Okay?"

"Go ahead," she said, "Just ask. There's no way I can get mad at you after all that. You better hurry though, I'm surprised your sister and your Dad aren't back already."

I knew she was right. Not only that, but, if I had any hope of her saying "Yes", I better ask now. So, I took a deep breath. I tried to look her in the eyes, but when she looked back, I couldn't face her like I thought I could. I had to look down to avoid my mother's eyes as I said "Mom, can I have the panties you have on now?"

"No, Bobby," she said, "You shouldn't ever ask a girl something that intimate without looking at her." She reached up and straightened my face to look right at her and told me to ask again.

"Mom," I asked, "The panties you have on right now....can I have them....please?"

I was surprised when she didn't answer with a "Yes" or a "No". Instead, she asked "You want me to give you my panties? The panties I just had an orgasm in and that are probably sopping wet? That's what you want?"

When I nodded my head, she shook hers and said "No, Bobby, if you're going to ask a girl to give you her panties, you stand a much better chance if you tell her why you want them. Trust me, most girls are not going to part with her panties unless they have a pretty compelling reason to do so. Think about it and ask me again."

It struck me as ironic that she was trying to instruct me on the right way to ask someone to give away their underwear, but, on the flip side, if she was going to say "No", she would have already done it. So, all I had to do is figure out what she wanted me to say and then say it. So after thinking for a brief time, I tried again.

"Mom, would you please be so kind as to let me have the panties you have on right now so I can use them to masturbate later? I can't tell you how much it would mean to me to get them right now while they are fresh."

"Very nice," she said, "How could a girl say 'No' to that?" She smiled at me as she answered "Why, I would be happy to let you have them. Come on – we better hurry."

She took my hand and led me towards the stairs up to the kitchen, glancing at me the whole time and smiling. Half way up the stairs, she laughed a small laugh and said, "You know Bobby, even before you asked, I had already decided I was going to give them to you. I was just messing with you making you say all that, but, I'll promise you this, I can't ever see myself saying "No" to that question if you ask it like that."

Arriving in the kitchen, she let go of my hand and walked to the pantry. Opening the door, she reached inside to get something. The pantry door blocked my view, but my curiosity was quickly satisfied as she pulled out a zip lock baggie and held it up for me to see.

"I would think a prize like you're about to get deserves something to help keep them fresh, don't you?" She asked. "Fresh. That's the word you used isn't it? You want them to keep for a while so you can enjoy them over and over again, right?"

"Oh, that would be great, Mom," I answered. "Maybe you'll let me trade them in for some other ones when it's time?" I asked.

Taking my hand and leading me back to the stairs, she just smiled and shook her head saying "Jeez, boys will be boys, won't they? Bobby, you're going to have to learn that a smart girl always keeps a boy guessing, so..... we'll see.....and that's all I'm going to say about that. It's nice of you to be interested, though."

A Mother's Promise Ch. 03
byPro_Ball_Player©

She looked like the cat that just swallowed the canary. So clever, so wise, so coy and oh, so playful. I had never seen my Mom like this and it was so good to see this side of her. She was joking around and it was more like we were equals and not like we were Mother and Son. I was shaken out of that thought as she made the turn into my room and then stopped in the middle of the room and turned to face me.

"Okay," she said, "Go ahead. Here I am."

Her words confused me and I looked at her. She raised her eyebrows and asked "Well?"

"You don't have a clue what I'm talking about, do you?" She asked. Her smile told me I didn't have to worry about it, though.

"I'm, not following you, Mom." I said. It was either my words, or the blank look on my face that answered her question.

"Sometimes," she began, "a girl wants the guy to take the lead and start things off so she can sorta protect her modesty, you know? That way, later on she could reason to herself that she really didn't do anything, it was 'him' that did it. It gives the girl an easy way to say "Yes" without really saying "Yes". So, Bobby, not to sound horribly crude, but if you want my panties, the wet panties I'm wearing right now, the ones you made me cum in...... well..... I think you're going to have to take them off of me yourself."

My cock was throbbing again. It was pushing against the panties she slipped on me and was straining inside my jeans. My hand unconsciously rubbed it as she smiled as if to say "You better get busy if you want them."

With that, she uncrossed her arms and held her hand out to me. I stepped forward and took her hand and she pulled me in front of her. I thought she was going to hug me, but instead, she placed her hands on my shoulders, smiled at me and pressed me down.

At the onset I didn't budge. But once she looked at me with a puzzling look and pressed down even harder, I took the hint and sank to my knees in front of her. Once in position in front of her, I remembered her words about having to take her panties off myself. I scooted in closer to her and as I did, I felt her hands come to the back of my head.

Glancing up, I saw her smile and she pulled my head into her crotch, slightly moving her legs apart and guiding my nose right between her legs. OMG! I was going to have a melt down. Her scent was thick and womanly. Much stronger than before when I was sniffing her panties at the table, the heady aroma emanating from her filled my nostrils and set me on fire.

I heard her moan as I nuzzled my nose into her shorts and pressed into her. I knew my nose was there – pressing directly into the source of her wetness and her beautiful scent. She moaned again, stroking the back of my head saying "You better hurry and take my shorts down."

As my hands went to the waistband of her shorts, she put her legs together to make them easier to pull down, and in one motion, I pulled her shorts all the way down. She steadied herself by leaning on my shoulders and stepped out of them.

As soon as they were off, I sat back and looked at her. I was in awe looking at this wondrous sight. Her panties were slightly creased between her womanly lips and looking closely, it was clear that she was literally drenched with her wetness.

I leaned into her again, aiming my nose to the center.... the center of my mother's panties. She shuffled her feet to where I could see the entire crotch panel and indeed, it was soaked. As I aimed lower and guided my nose to the gusset of her panties, she tilted her pelvis allowing my face to land perfectly in the middle.

I couldn't help myself.... I started to sniff and press my face into her, unconsciously licking and sucking the pussy juice from the saturated material. I closed my eyes and concentrated on the feel of her warmth against my face – nuzzling her vagina and smearing her thick juices all over me.

Pulling back, I looked at her and the way the wet material clung to her pussy lips. It was shocking and it was heavenly all at the same time.

"Go ahead," she said, "you can look for a minute if you want to."

My hands went down to the waist of my jeans as I literally ripped my pants open and reached in to pull out my hard cock. She was on display, just for me.... she was my panty model and my panty fantasy and I couldn't resist the urge to stroke myself.

"Sweetheart, pull my panties down so you can see how wet I am." She said. "If you feel you need to touch yourself, then go ahead. We're probably okay on time, Bobby.... I bet your father stopped off at the hardware store before the grocery. I know you want to look..... go ahead and take your time."

Like I was in a dream, my hands floated to the waistband of her panties and I started to pull them down. As I did, she slipped her own hand down inside and nestled one of her fingers between her wet pussy lips. The squishy sounds of her wet condition, no more than twelve inches in front of me, encouraged me to uncover her all the way, so I slid her panties down to her thighs and sat back on my heels to watch her touch herself.

Her mound was lightly covered with brown curly hair. It was obvious that she had trimmed recently, perhaps even shaving her lips a few weeks back. But, sitting so close, I could see her lips clearly and her finger sliding up and down her slit.

Reaching down, I freed my cock while staring intently at her fingers as they traced the path from the entrance of her vagina to the top of her clit. She tried to spread her legs even more so I could see better, but, her panties at her thighs kept that from happening. Reaching out to them, though, I wiggled her panties down her legs and when they were removed, she resumed her pose in front of me...... this time lewdly spreading her legs, sticking her pelvis out and opening her pussy lips with two fingers.

Unable to keep my hands from my cock, I resumed my stroking as she spoke, saying "Is this what you wanted, Bobby? To see my pussy? To see me masturbate? To see my wetness?"

I was too involved with my own masturbation to remark on what she said, but I think the look in my eyes and the way my hand was flying over my cock must have answered her question.

"Here," she said, "let me lay down on your bed so you can watch." She moved around me and lay down on my bed, bringing her feet together as she displayed herself to me. Her whole sex was open to my view and as I sat on the edge of the bed with my cock in one hand and her panties in the other. Pure lust overtook me and I masturbated along with her.

Neither one of us took very long at all. She watching me and me watching her.... both of us masturbating in front of the other....... neither one of us caring about anything else but cumming. It was as if both of us read the other's mind when it was time to climax.

Mine overtook me before I knew it and when I felt that feeling start to build I moaned "I'm going to cum, Mom." She was right with me, and hearing that I was going to cum, she started to thrust three fingers in and out of her pussy. Throwing her head back, she let go herself.

Her knees came up to her chest and opened at the same time I leaned back on the bed and let loose with the first of many ropes of cum streaming out of my cock. Turning my head to look between her legs, I was able to see right into her incredibly wet and glistening pussy as she shook from the strength of her own orgasm.

Finally, we were both done – our orgasms timed perfectly so that we came together. As we both sat up on the bed, side by side, I took her hand in mine and pulled it toward my face. Holding her fingers under my nose and smelling her juices, I couldn't stop what happened next. It only took a second for me to make the decision and once I made it, I opened my mouth and sucked her fingers, one by one until I had cleaned them completely of her pussy juice. The thick wetness was a new taste and texture for me, but, it was wonderful and sexy and new........ I remember thinking "This is what my Mom's pussy tastes like".

In return, she took my right hand in hers and began licking the sperm off my fingers, looking me in the eyes as she did it. I could feel her tongue swirling around each digit and she was moving it in and out as she sucked. OMG, where did my mother learn to do that? Would she ever do that to my... oh, I can't believe I'm even thinking this.... would she suck my cock like that?

Finishing with my fingers, she held my hand to her cheek and said "Better put those in the baggie," pointing to her wet panties, still clutched in my hand, "that is.... if you want to keep them 'fresh'." As I moved to get the baggie, she spoke again saying "Bobby, it wouldn't be right for me to be walking around the house without any panties on, so, would you mind getting me some?"

I was still concentrating on getting her panties folded up and stuffed inside the baggie when she asked again, this time telling me to go into her room and look in her lingerie drawer and find a pair of panties for her to wear. "Something you like," she said, "something you would like to see me in."

After she finished, she made a motion with her hand to sort of "shoo" me away adding that time was short. I turned and ran into her room as she watched. I pulled out the drawer that held her panties and started rifling through her underwear. Finally, a pair of pink silky panties came into view, hiding in the rear corner of the drawer. They were very slinky and soft, and except for the cotton panel at the crotch, they looked like they were completely made of silk. I pulled them out and held them up. The twinge in my cock told me that these would work just fine.

Hurrying back to my room, I found her sitting on the bed, just as I left her. Looking at her, she was smiling a coy smile, with her arms crossed in front of her chest. I held up the pink silky panties to show her which ones I selected and her smile immediately faded. Seeing that, I asked "Wrong ones?"

"Oh, no," she said, ".....it's just that those panties have something of a sentimental value with your father and I, that's all. Once upon a time, he kind of fancied those and it used to be that whenever I wore them.....it was kind of a signal that I wanted to have some, uh....... frisky sex."

"Should I get some different ones?" I asked.

"Hmm, well, I don't know," she mused, "actually, I haven't worn them in such a long time, it might give him a heart attack if he sees me wearing them. But, on the other hand, the way I feel right now..... they just might be exactly I need."

End of Chapter 3. Next: Bobby and his mother set some ground rules.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 04
byPro_Ball_Player©

Author's Note: It's been six months since I posted Chapter 3 of this story. At first, I wasn't going to continue it, but, I've received many emails urging me to continue Bobby's story. This chapter, unfortunately, picks up exactly at the end of Chapter 3- with virtually no transition, so readers who haven't read the previous chapters might be lost. Enjoy.



In a fashion, the tables were reversed on me, so to speak. It was me that was now kneeling in front of my mother, holding out the silky pink panties I selected from her lingerie drawer for her to step into. As she pointed her foot to step into them, she rose from the bed and straightened herself up directly in front of me. Her vagina came even with my eyes and it didn't take any effort to see that she was still wet and glistening from our mutual masturbation session not more than five minutes earlier.

Seeing me look into the juncture of her thighs, she moved her hand there – first in a modest move to cover herself, and then deciding to allow my stare, she placed her hands on the back of my head and pulled me a little closer to her lower lips. As she pulled my face closer, she warned me "Don't do anything but look, Bobby. No touching, okay?"

I didn't answer, but instead inched my way closer and closer to her until I could feel the light strands of her pussy hair barely touch my nose. Breathing in, my nostrils were filled with her wonderful scent. The same smell that was on her panties – the same smell that was on her fingers – the scent that was uniquely and deliciously hers and I was so close to the source.

When I exhaled, the warmth of my breath passing over her feminine lips caused her to tremble slightly. Seeing the effect on her, I did it again and again, intentionally blowing warm air lightly over her mound and pubic hair in a teasing sort of way.

Reaching down, I pulled her panties up to her knees and then left them there, leaving her standing in front of me half dressed and half naked. It was such a rush to see her in such an exposed condition. She looked vulnerable and on display in a very sexual kind of way, much as if she was at my mercy and waiting for me to make the next move.

I steadied myself by placing my hands on the floor and looked up at her, continuing to breathe in her scent and blow warm air over her mound. Her eyes were closed and her head was tilted to the side. I don't know where her mind was, but, I kind of figured she was in some place where she could enjoy what I was doing without any guilt or concern. After all, I wasn't touching her, I was just looking and bathing myself in her femininity.

I'm not sure what made me do it, but I reached up with my right hand and lightly touched her left hand, now hanging loosely at her side. When my fingers touched hers, our fingers entwined until she captured my hand softly in hers. Our hands, at first reluctant to touch in such a tender manner, gave way to the tenderness of the moment as we grasped each other's hands. With our fingers interlocked, her free hand came behind my head again and slowly pulled me all the way into her crotch.

With my nose now buried against her soft curls and feeling her slippery wetness on my face, I nuzzled in between her labia as she firmly pulled me into her and settled her vagina on my face. This was pure heaven for me and just as I was about to stick my tongue out and have my first direct taste of her vagina, she pulled back and pointed to the panties around her knees and asked if I was ready to help her finish dressing.

"Just pull them all the way up my legs," she said, "they might be a little tight, but, they used to fit me, so I bet they're okay." Her warm tone made the moment special. But, try as I might to obey her softly spoken directions, my only desire was to kiss her deeply between those lips and taste her in earnest.

It was the hardest thing I've ever done – to keep from thrusting my face right back into her warmth and wetness. Giving in to the urge, I started to move back into her with the thought of licking and sucking every bit of her thick wetness into my mouth, but she squeezed my hand and nodded to me saying "Bobby, no.... please don't.... we've gone too far already..... your father and sister will be home soon.... Please, we have to stop.... You're going to make me want to do....... things. Please don't...... at least for now."

I could feel my cock growing again and the desire to get more intimate with her was uncontrollable. "Mom..... please just let me kiss you there....." I said as I pushed my face back into her vagina. "Oh, Bobby....." she moaned.

Running my nose up and down between her lips, I extended my tongue and it found its way inside her. She almost buckled as my tongue lapped around the outside and then darted inside, finally tasting her directly from the source. She gasped as I licked her, moving back and forth between her clitoris and her pussy. Over and over again I assaulted her womanhood – her motherhood as it was – with my tongue. I felt her shift her feet apart, but they were restrained at the knees by the panties I was supposed to be pulling up her legs.

Nevertheless, I had my prize now. She was lubricating liberally and each swipe of my tongue found enough to create my desire for more. It was if I was intoxicated with her..... not only the full aromatic sensation driving me into sensory overload, but the texture and volume of her juices were closing the doors to any common sense I had left.

I moved my free hand up her leg and into the chasm between her thighs. Very slowly, I inched my fingers closer and closer to her pussy as I continued to lick and suck her. Finally, when my fingers were brushing her pubic hair, with one gentle movement, I slipped one finger up into her pussy as I sucked her clit.

The warmth and wetness that was awaiting my probing finger was more than I was expecting and I was amazed at the amount of slippery wetness dammed up behind her vaginal opening. My finger was, for lack of a better word, swimming in her juices – and when I wiggled it, I felt the wetness swish around in time with her moans.

Thrusting my finger in and out of her velvet lips, I concentrated my licking and sucking on her clit. As I did, she was moaning "Oh, Bobby, yes... right there.... that's nice..... that's the place...... Oh, Oh, Oh........"

Suddenly, I felt her go rigid and squeeze my hand tightly. Her low moan turned into a high pitched sound escaping from her mouth, "Ooooohhhhhhh, yes, yes, yes, yes........"

I knew she was on the verge of cumming..... Damn, I was going to make my mother cum again. Pride and delight filled me as I added another finger and continued to thrust into her and suck her clit. Her hands quickly pulled my face away from her clit leaving just my fingers moving in and out of her pussy.

"Oh, Bobby!" She exclaimed. "I'm cuming! You're making me....... cum!"

I felt her pussy spasm on my fingers and then a flood of wetness escaped her warm nest. "Oh, oh, oh, oh....." She moaned softly as she moved her hips back and forth, fucking my fingers as they thrust in and out of her. I tried to move my face back to her vagina, but she held me back, panting "No, no more."

As her climax subsided, she clearly lost her balance and almost collapsed on top me, but managed to hold herself up by bracing her arms on my shoulders. Her face was contorted and she was panting trying to catch her breath – a feeling I could fully understand since it had happened to me earlier when she held her panties to my nose as I jacked off.

When she settled down and her breathing slowed, I smiled to myself and reached down to pull up the panties I had left hanging around her knees. As if in a trance, she wiggled her hips just a little to help me get them pulled up. As I stood in front of her, my hand immediately went to the gusset of her panties and I stroked her and traced a line between her lips, creasing her panties into her with each stroke. She spread her legs to allow my fingers and each time I traced up to the top of her lips, she shivered. Without thinking, I turned my head to look at her and when I did, she kissed me with her warm, parted lips. We kissed again and again, neither one of us at all concerned about the slippery wetness that coated my face and now rubbing onto hers.

Honestly, I lost total consciousness of spatial time and place as we kissed. I was totally gone – totally engulfed in her. It wasn't only the fact that I was hard and horny again, but, the full wanton desire to kiss.... to kiss her over and over again.

And the kisses were a mixture of love and lust, tenderness and excitement and it completely took my breath away. Damn, could she kiss! My heart was on fire – beating at a rate which I hadn't experienced ever before. Our lips continued to find each other's and I didn't even feel her as she reached down to find my cock tenting the panties she had dressed me in earlier. As she grasped me, I drew in a deep breath and laid my head down on her shoulder.

Shifting a little to the side, she started to rub me as I had rubbed her – but more deliberately. Stroking me through the nylon and rubbing her palm up and down the length of my shaft, I buried my face into her neck and started kissing her. "Here we go again!" I thought.

Even though we were in my room, neither one of us could miss the unforgettable hum of the garage door opener as it vibrated the floor beneath us. Almost instantly and in one fluid motion, she pulled away from me, reached over to the bed, picked up her shorts and started to run out of my room. But as she got to the door, she reached back for me, grabbed my face and kissed me quickly on my cheek. Panting, she smiled and kissed me again, this time on the lips, and then left me standing there.

Running across the hallway to her room, she stopped again at her doorway and turned back to me. "Better do yourself up there, kiddo..." she said, pointing to my cock straining against the nylon behind my opened jeans. And with that, she disappeared into her bathroom where I heard her close and lock the door.

A minute later, I heard my sister and my dad walking from the garage to the kitchen and the rustling of bags filled with groceries. I could hear them talking as I rushed into the hall bathroom and closed the door.

Looking into the mirror above the sink, I could see my face was covered with a slick, glistening sheen from my mother's vagina. Her wetness covered my cheeks, nose and lips. Her scent was all over me.... when I moved my head, I got a fresh whiff of her as the air moved over my face. My cock was still wildly throbbing, like it was trying to burst its way out of my pants and the panties underneath. Unconsciously, I reached down to touch myself thinking about what had happened in the last hour.

I was jolted back to reality by my sister pounding on the bathroom door saying "Bobby, are you almost done in there?" I jumped when she pounded, initially thinking she might just open the door and walk in, but I settled down knowing the door was locked. The thought of her barging in with Mom's pussy juice covering my face and the scent of pussy hovering all around me was unnerving, especially with her knowing that mom had been the only female in the house with me.

"I'm going to take a shower," I replied through the locked door, "I'll be out in a few minutes." Just then, I heard the shower turn on in my mother's bathroom, knowing full well she needed to freshen up before running into my father.

After my shower, I dressed again in the panties my mother put on me when we were in the laundry room. At first, I thought I was doing it out of respect, but standing there in the bathroom looking at myself in the mirror, I was taken aback by the way they looked on me. With my cock now at normal size and strength, the panties looked.... well.... they looked great on me. I turned side to side, looking at myself and admiring my reflection and the way they fit. I felt myself start to get hard and watched myself enlarge, pushing against the nylon panty, finally causing me to adjust my cock to a more comfortable position pointing straight up.

I drew myself away from the reflection and threw my jeans on, cleaned up the bathroom and scurried across the hall to my bedroom. As I did, I glanced over to my mother's bedroom to see her standing in the middle of the room, now dressed after her shower. From room to room, she glanced up to see me looking at her and smiled. As I smiled back, she pulled the waistband of her shorts down just a little to show me she put the same panties back on. In turn, I undid my jeans a little to show her I had done the same thing. We both smiled and I took it as a clue that there was more to come..... at least I hoped as much.

As the day wore on, we busied ourselves with things to do. Later in the day, my father called me out to the garage to help him get his fishing gear together telling me he was going to take my sister fishing the next morning. "That girl has never gone fishing," he said, "I thought I would take her out for a few hours and show her how it's done. You can go next time, Bobby. You don't mind staying behind, do you?" I told him I didn't mind adding that it would be nice for the two of them to spend some time together.

Now, my father is a serious fisherman. He's got everything the modern angler needs and he never comes back empty handed. As he told me of his plans, the only thing I could think about was having more time alone with mom. "We're going to leave early," he huffed, "about 5:30 so we can get there and be ready to wet our lines by 7:00!"

As he spoke, I thought about all the possibilities this might provide. "How long are you going to be gone?" I asked.

"We'll probably be back around one or two o'clock," he answered, "that is unless she wants to stay longer. It's about a ninety minute drive each way, so if we leave by noon, we could be back by 1:30 or so."

"Hmm," I thought, "I would be alone with mom until 1:30?" My mind went through the whole range of possibilities and I was totally absorbed with what was whirling around in my mind when my dad said "Ok, I think that's it. I think we're all set. Thanks for helping, Bobby. Next time, it's just you and me."

About then, my mom came out to the garage and stood next to me, looked at the fishing gear, nudged my shoulder and asked "What's all this? Are the mighty hunter – gatherers planning an expedition?"

I told her about Dad and Linda going fishing tomorrow morning, saying they were going to leave early and adding that they might be gone until about 1:30 that afternoon. "Well Bobby, we're just going to have to find something to do with ourselves while they're gone I guess, right?"

Before I could answer, she laughed and said "I know.... you can help me get caught up on my laundry!" I about choked.

Hmm, but, that would be nice...... I wouldn't turn that down..... not after what happened earlier. More panties and bras. That would be fun. I felt my cock twitch in agreement as she mussed my hair and went back inside the house.

The rest of the day went slowly, my mind filling up with vision after vision of what Mom and I might do tomorrow. We settled down to dinner around 7:00 PM and as we were getting done, Dad announced that he and Linda needed to get to bed early if they were going to be out of the house by 5:30 the next morning. "You'll probably have to get up by 4:30," Mom said to him, "especially if you're going to eat before you go. I think you better plan on being in bed by 9:00 tonight, Dear."

After dinner, I helped Mom clean up the dishes and load the dish washer. I had been meaning to ask her all day if she told my dad about the special panties she was wearing, so once it looked like the coast was clear, I simply asked "Did Dad see the panties you have on?"

"In fact, he did," she said, "and I'll be going to bed at 9:00 tonight, too."

I looked at her and smiled, shaking my head knowing she and my dad were most likely going to get frisky. "What's that look for?" She asked.

"Oh, nothing," I said, "guess the 'magic panties' did the trick, huh?"

"Well, yes..... they did, but that's none of your bees wax, mister. Besides, you have your own pair of 'magic panties' to keep you occupied.... Remember?"

Walking over to the cabinet next to the sink, she opened it and pulled out a small plastic bottle and tossed it to me. "Don't wear yourself out."

I looked at the bottle to see it was hand lotion. "Why on earth would she give me hand lotion?" I asked myself. She must have seen the question in my eyes because she walked up next to me and whispered in my ear "Use that when you play with yourself tonight so you don't rub yourself raw."

As she walked away, she told me that was one of Uncle Mike's tricks. I began to wonder just how my mom knew so much about Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda's personal business. So as I watched her putter in the kitchen, I asked her about it.

"Bobby," she replied, "don't forget your Uncle Mike is my only brother and Aunt Brenda used to be one of my best friends. The three of us grew up together, there was nothing we didn't do together or talk about together. A lot of it is personal..... you know, just between the three of us."

"Oh, come on, Mom," I said, "its not like I'm going to blab it all over town or something."

She sat down at the kitchen table and smiled. "We used to do some pretty crazy things back then." She said. She was staring out into space with this smirk on her face, like she was remembering the good ol' days.

"Hello....", I waved my hand in front of her face, "Earth to Mom. Earth to Mom. Come in Mom."

"Sorry," she said, "I was just thinking about some of the things we did, and....."

"Mom, you're just teasing me, aren't you?" I asked.

"Okay, if I tell you," she asked, "do you promise to keep this to yourself? I mean you have to promise me you'll never speak about this to another person..... ever!"

"I promise, Mom." I answered.

She walked over to the doorway leading from the kitchen to the rest of the house and put her ear against the door to listen. Confident that dad and Linda were upstairs, she sat down at the kitchen table and pulled out a chair for me to sit in. As I scooted myself up to the table, she reached out and grabbed my hand saying "Bobby, the only reason I'm going to tell you any of this is because I think you and Uncle Mike are a lot alike. And in that regard, I don't think he or Aunt Brenda would mind as long as you understand that this has to be kept private. Completely and totally private. Do you hear me?"

She went on...... "Your Uncle Mike....." she hesitated, "well, uh, let's just say..... uh, we had a lot of fun together, Bobby." She stopped for a minute and with a serious look on her face she reminded me one more time of my promise to keep this to myself.

"He.... uh.... he had sort of a strong interest in panties.... very much like you do..... and he used to show himself off and masturbate in front of us, stuff like that. Now, don't get me wrong," she said, "he only did that with us, and we were all over eighteen, and, uh.... we were willing participants, that's for sure. We encouraged him a lot and sometimes we...... Oh, gawd, I can't even believe I'm telling you this stuff......"

"What, Mom.... sometimes you.... what?" I asked.

"Sometimes, we used to help him," she said, "I mean, Brenda and I used to scheme up all kinds of things to watch him take his clothes off and touch himself. Sometimes we would set up little situations to make it easier for him...... he always went along with it, too."

After a short pause, she looked up at the clock and said "It's a long story, Bobby, and if I'm going to spend time with your father tonight, I don't think we have time for it now."

"Whoa, you can't just stop there," I said, "come on, Mom... what kind of stuff did you guys do?"

"Oh, aren't you the curious one?" she said to me. Then she smiled and said "Ah, I bet I know what it is. You're getting all hard and turned on again, aren't you?"

When I didn't answer her, she looked at me and said "Come on, admit it.... you are.... aren't you?"

"Yeah, and like that's such a big surprise?" I replied. "Of course I am."

"Oh, Bobby...what are we going to do with you?" She was shaking her head as she spoke.

"Don't change the subject, Mom," I said, "what kind of stuff did you guys do.... you and Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda."

"Okay, a few more minutes and then I need to get upstairs with your father," she answered, "I'm not going to miss out."

"Okay," she continued, "well once I finally realized he was taking my panties almost daily, I used to leave them out for him to find – laying out on my bed or on the floor. Sometimes, I would barge into his room without knocking and catch him with them and then act like I was surprised, giggle a little, take a quick look and turn to leave. We didn't have locks on the doors, and he would usually just lay there, playing with himself. Finally, one time when I did that, I just closed the door behind me and stayed in the room."

"What did he do?" I asked.

"Well, he just kept doing it. He didn't stop. He even rolled over toward me so I could see better." She told me. "So I stayed in there and watched him. It was like I was frozen watching him rub my panties on his face, knowing he was smelling me while he masturbated. He was looking at me and I was looking at him...... we didn't really say anything, either – we didn't need to. He wanted me to stay and watch him as much as I wanted to stay and watch."

"I ended up staying in there for about thirty minutes," she said, "just standing there by the door while he stroked himself up and down."

"Whoa," I said, "how many times did you do things like that?"

"I'm not sure, but...... a lot. I used to love watching him do that," she said, "and we used to do it all the time. He even talked me into getting Brenda to watch him, too. Sometimes, we would give him our panties...... and......."

"What?" I said.

".... we would ask him wear them," she said, "sometimes we would make him wear them all day if we were alone in the house or over at Brenda's. He'd be hard all day and we would tell him to play with himself and he would. I've never known anyone that could masturbate as much as he could."

"He was an exhibitionist, Bobby. And we were his voyeurs. It was kind of our private little club and it went on for years," she told me, adding "including all the way through college and once he got his own apartment, I couldn't even count the times we were all over there together."

I was totally blown away with my Mom's nasty confession about Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda, but, I had to ask just one more question........ "Mom," I asked, "did you guys ever do any touching or 'anything' together?"

"I think that's quite enough for now, Bobby. Maybe we can talk about it more tomorrow, but for now, I'm going up to bed before your father falls asleep on me. Sweet dreams."

And then without saying anymore, she stood up, walked over to the door, opened it and started to leave. Before she disappeared, though, she turned and winked at me saying "don't forget the hand lotion."

I sat there at the kitchen table and thought about her and Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda. My mind filled the silence of the kitchen with thoughts about all the different ways she might have intentionally turned him on, left her panties for him, maybe even stripping them off in front of him and handing them directly to him. Maybe she and Aunt Brenda both gave them their panties and watched at the same time. Maybe they played with themselves while they watched...... maybe they played with each other while they watched...... maybe they played with Uncle Mike! Holy shit!

It just seemed so unreal – hearing my mom talk about all of it with such openness. I don't think she was making this stuff up, just the look in her face told me she remembered it fondly. Of course, it was hugely erotic to me, too. I had been constantly hard since our escapade in the laundry room and she seemed to enjoy keeping me worked up. The only thing I couldn't figure out was why it was all happening.

And to add to all that, my poor cock was still throbbing – as it had been virtually all day long. I looked at the hand lotion and made a decision to take it up to my room and enjoy the wet panties she gave me earlier – the same ones we put in the baggie to keep them 'fresh'– the ones that cradled her wet pussy so snugly – the ones she intentionally gave me to 'enjoy later'. The ones she knew I would use tonight when I masturbated. That was such a powerful thought – to know that your own mother had given you her panties with the full knowledge I was going to sniff them and make myself cum.

As I opened the door separating the kitchen from the rest of the house, I noticed that the whole house was dark and silent. All the lights were off and I couldn't hear a sound.

Walking up the stairs, there was no light coming from under my sister's door and my parent's door was closed. I snuck up next to their door and listened, hoping to hear the sounds of sex, but I couldn't hear anything.

Making my way into my own room, I closed the door. At first, I locked it – not wanting to be disturbed once I got started with what I knew I was going to do. But, reflecting back on my mom's comments about how she walked in on her brother while he was masturbating, I found myself deliberating the pros and cons of leaving my door unlocked while I masturbated. Maybe, I thought, if I left the door unlocked, there was some chance my sister might come in and 'catch' me... or maybe mom might come in and 'catch' me. My cock leaped at the thought of one of them coming in, so – I reached over and unlocked the door. I even considered leaving the door open a tiny bit, but felt that was just a little too risky.

Sitting down on the bed, I held the baggie containing my mom's wet panties in my trembling hands. Carefully, I opened the baggie just a little and held it up to my nose. I was completely overwhelmed and pleased by the smell – her smell. "Oh, damn," I thought, "this is going to be good."

I stripped off all my clothes, but left my sister's panties on. Mom was right about them – they didn't bother me at all, and I definitely liked the way the felt on me. I guess I would have expected to have some deep guilt feelings or regret about wearing them, but, I didn't. Not one bit. I even put them back on after my shower and could have changed out of them numerous times through the day..... but I didn't. It was exciting to wear them. It was erotic. And more than anything else, somehow, I knew my mom wanted me to wear them, or at least try them out. Did I keep them on for her..... or, for myself? Hmm.... At this point, I didn't care.

I pulled the sheets back on my bed and sat down. Reaching for the baggie that held my masturbatory treasure, I reached in and carefully pulled out her panties. Holding them under my nose, my other hand went directly to my nylon covered cock. I closed my eyes and remembered how I first saw these panties on her this morning when she stood before me as I lowered her shorts. When they first came into view, I remembered the way her mound puffed out and how they were creased in between her lips. She let me nuzzle into her, pushing my face into them. They were so wet! And when she let me slip them down her legs – I couldn't stop myself from rubbing my cock again in front of her. I wanted to replay that whole scene in my head again and again and again. For whatever reason, I didn't see her as my mother – I didn't see any of it as incestuous – I saw her as a desirable and sexy woman. To that end, I would do just about anything with her, or for her. She turned me on that much.

Turning my attention back to the panties in my hand, I began to hold them directly my nose. Even before they got close, I could smell her aroma. It was heavenly. With my eyes closed, I could still feel a small wet spot on the gusset as I rubbed them under my nose and across my lips. This was it – this was what I waited for all day - these were the panties she was wearing when she led me through my earlier masturbation with her, she had pressed them into her slit where they absorbed her pussy juice. She had even cum in them and then let me take them off of her – for the sole purpose of feeding my masturbation fantasy – right here and right now. HOLY FUCK!

I laid back on the bed and made myself comfortable, arranging myself in a manner so that I would be completely exposed if my sister walked in or if my mother happened to open the door to check on me. "Yeah, wishful thinking" I told myself.

Wanting to make it last as long as possible, I tried to refrain from initially touching myself too much, but failed. I found myself rubbing my erection through the nylon panty I was wearing – up and down – feeling the shaft of my cock through the soft material and gripping it from time to time.

Laying the gusset of her panties across my nose, I let go of my cock and tried to simply relax and just take in her smell, but, I couldn't. I had to touch myself. I had to stroke it. I was being driven to do it. Maybe it was exactly how mom explained it – males are simply drawn to the female scent. Maybe it's just Mother Nature. Maybe it's just an animalistic reaction. I wasn't sure what it was – but for whatever reason, I had to masturbate as I took in the smell. So much for taking my time and enjoying the gift of her panties!

With my mind now made up, I reached over to pick up the small bottle of hand lotion and slipped my sisters panties down my legs, and off. Tucking them under my pillow, I opened up the hand lotion and poured some onto the head of my cock and started to rub it around my cock shaft. Oh, yes.... this was nice.... this was really nice. I would inhale deeply through my nose, savoring the smell as my hand worked around the crown of my cock and then finally, up and down – massaging my hard cock in a very deliberate way.

I closed my eyes and started to fantasize as I jacked myself. I thought about my mother standing beside the bed dressed only in her panties watching me masturbate, maybe even sitting down next to me and whispering encouraging words in my ear to excite me while I did it. I thought about her reaching out and touching my cock softly – maybe even jacking me while I laid there. I thought about her taking my cock in her mouth and sucking it, and about me touching her as I laid there.

As my mind whirred, I started to fantasize about a situation where she would undress me and make me stand in front of her naked with a growing hard-on. That fantasy fed into another fantasy where she undressed me in front of her and someone else, and then having me remain naked as they looked at me and talked about my erection. The whole idea of being exposed in front of my mother was making me crazy. Maybe she would give me a pair of her panties and instruct me to masturbate for her or for her guests.... then keep me naked for their pleasure. Oh, the thought of being naked in front of her was overpowering and as I continued to stroke my hard cock, I edged closer and closer to my long awaited explosion.

Finally, I couldn't take it anymore – with my hand flying up and down my rock hard cock and her fragrant panties laying across my nose, I erupted with a huge spray of cum that shot all over my chest, a few drops even hitting my chin. I was gasping for air as I lay there.... her panties still across my face, my hand and cock covered with hand lotion and ropes of cum strewn across my chest.

It wasn't long before I caught my breath. But lying there, I started to feel some remorse for my nasty actions and flashed back to the laundry room when earlier she held her panties under my nose. Oh, shit – my cock began to swell again, just thinking about what we had done..... together, both of us – not just me and not just her. What the hell was I doing? How perverted was this? How could I have these strong sexual attractions to my own mother?

Realizing I couldn't change what already happened, I left the solitude of my bedroom and went into the bathroom to clean the warm sperm off my chest and rinse the hand lotion off my cock. Man, my cock really had a work out today..... I need to give it a rest for a few hours.

Once back in my bedroom, I pushed mom's panties under my pillow for safe keeping. At the same time, I retrieved my sister's panties, stepped into them and pulled them up my legs and adjusted them for a comfortable fit. As if a magic button was pressed, I was hard once again and had to pause and smile to myself wondering if girls got turned on when they were wearing panties.

Laying down and covering myself with the sheet and light blanket, the events of the day took a hold of me and I drifted off to a nice restful sleep, dreaming about mom's soft panties and my climbing desire to explore, touch, and lick her there – between her legs.

I woke up to the sounds of foot steps in the hallway outside my door. Looking over at the clock, it was 5:35 AM. "Hmm," I thought, "I bet dad and sis are about to leave." My supposition was proven right when the floor to my room began to hum in time with the garage door opener. Yep, they must be leaving now.

It wasn't long before I heard a light tap on my door. With the red numbers of my clock providing the only light, I tilted my head up toward the door to listen. I heard another tap and then I heard the door knob start to turn.

The door opened just a few inches before I said lightly "Mom?" Hearing me call her, the door opened widely and I saw her figure, silhouetted by the soft light from her room, come close to the bed.

"Bobby," she said, "are you awake?"

"Yeah," I said, "did they leave yet?"

I watched as she approached my bed and sat on the edge. I felt her hand move under the sheet and come to rest gently between my legs. Without thinking, I spread my legs and lay back as she ran her hands over my cock and balls. "You're still wearing your sister's panties?" She asked.

"Uh, well," I started, "I fell asleep with them on, and I......"

"It's okay, Bobby," she interrupted, "I think it's sweet. You like them, don't you?"

I swallowed hard as I answered. "Yeah, I think so. I mean they feel good and....."

"They make you hard, don't they?" She asked.

She was stroking me lightly, running her hand over my panty covered cock and balls. I was hard again and her fingers were tracing my cock as it bulged against the thin material. "You're so much like my brother, Bobby – so much like your Uncle."

Her voice was soft as she spoke, now grasping my cock, saying "You used to like sleeping next to me when you were younger..... would you like to come get in bed and sleep next to me again?"

A Mother's Promise Ch. 05
byPro_Ball_Player©

I didn't answer her. There was no need to. Even before she asked it, she already knew what my answer was going to be. It's funny how your Mom knows just what to say to really mess with you, or, to comfort you.

Before I had fallen asleep, I put my teenage logic to work trying to piece together what had happened in the last twenty four hours. I wish I could say that I felt horrible and regretted everything, but, I didn't. I had heard the word 'Incest' before and knew it boiled down to something 'bad', but, I didn't feel bad, remorseful or horrible at all.

In fact, the truth is I was turned on and excited. I had experienced things I never expected.... and all of it.... every feeling, every emotion, every sensation.... thanks to my own mother.

Snapping myself back to reality, I answered her. "Yes, I would like that." But, of course, she already knew I was going to say that.

As I started to stir, I felt her hand lift off my cock as she rose from where she was sitting on my bed and held her hand out to me. As I reached out to grasp it, the terry cloth robe she was wearing fell open and I could see that she was only wearing her panties underneath the robe. "What a coincidence." I thought. In the faint light of the room, I could see her smile as I took her hand and pulled myself up to stand next to her. There we were, her in her panties and me, dressed only in my sister's panties. It was quite poetic, to say the least.

Strangely, I couldn't even remember the last time I'd slept without an undershirt on, but, last night I had. It seemed funny that I was more concerned about my missing undershirt than I was about the fact that I was still wearing Linda's panties. I looked down to see my erection, barely held in by the wispy yellow nylon, and then up to my mother's face. She was smiling. Not laughing, mind you – but one of those "It's okay, I know" kind of smiles that mothers are so good at giving.

I felt a tad embarrassed standing there as she looked directly at the outline of my cock pressed against the silky material, but it wasn't an uncomfortable kind of thing at all. It was more like we were sharing a solemn secret with one another. There was a bit of pride and fondness in her eyes, too.... something I picked up on.... as well as a knowing look that told me there was no reason to be concerned.

I thought for a minute about my erection trying to poke through Linda's panties and what she must think. It was totally unavoidable...... the erection, I mean..... and, I hoped she understood that. This was a new experience for me, something I would have never done on my own..... a situation I was thrust into yesterday after I came all over my own jockey shorts. When Mom put the panties on me, her reasoning was flawless and I didn't question her actions at all. She simply told me they were all she had within arms reach. No biggie.

And, yes, I could have taken them off numerous times. But, I didn't. At first, I might have left them on because I sort of knew she wanted me to 'try' them. But, then through the day, I had to admit to myself that they were somewhat of a sensory improvement over my normal tidey-whities – and there were no drawbacks. First, they felt really good, and that's no bull shit. Just the way they cradled my cock and balls made it exciting to wear them. Through the day, I got frequent erections and that was a side benefit I enjoyed.

Secondly, there was the sheer excitement derived from doing something as lewd as wearing girl's panties in place of my own 'male' underwear. Even though it wasn't sexual, per say, it WAS sexual... at least to me it was.

Lastly, there was an added level of excitement just because my Mom knew. True, she pretty much endorsed my wearing of them, but we both knew it was something we had to keep to ourselves because of the panty-sniffing incident in the laundry room, but, still – she knew and as far as I could tell – she approved.

So, all in all, while it was a new thing for me, I had to admit that there were some immediate benefits – not withstanding the interest and understanding of my Mom. I was content just to 'keep-on-keeping-on'. I figured the subject would come up again, and when it did, I would be honest with her and see if she would be willing to let me continue to explore this new experience.

But..... here we were again, alone together in a situation that was charged with panties, erections and flowing juices. It's a good thing I was able to get [at least] some rest during the night!

Through her parted robe, I could see she still had on the panties I dressed her in yesterday. The gentle curve of the inside of her breasts showed and I could almost make out her nipples as they tried to poke against her robe. She took a step closer to me and let the robe fall to the floor with a shrug of her shoulders. Now, standing less than two feet apart, we looked at each other and I wondered what would happen next. My question was answered as she took a step and closed the gap between us. Reaching out, she took one of my hands and placed it on her breast. As I cupped it, she took another step closer to me and without breaking eye contact, reached down to stroke my cock as it struggled to escape the confines of my sister's underpants.

"Bobby," she whispered, "I can't tell you how excited you've made me feel.... how sexy and how desirable."

She squeezed my cock deliberately, saying "You know I can't let you put this in me, Bobby, even though I want you to, at least not inside my pussy. But, there's other things we can do. If you promise not to pressure me about intercourse, I'll promise to make this a day you won't likely ever forget... a day just between us... we can do whatever you like, except that. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

"I would love that, Mom." I answered. "We wouldn't even have to do anything at all, just being together until Dad and Linda get home would be fine as far as I'm concerned."

"You're so sweet, Bobby," she replied, "but I know full well about boys your age and quite honestly, as long as we are clear about what we're not going to do, anything else... and I mean that..... 'anything' you want to talk about or try will be okay with me. I know you don't have any real experience with girls yet, and, there's no rush because all that will come in time. But, maybe we can share some things, be understanding of each other's needs and enjoy this time. Most mothers and sons never get a chance like this, but, we do. I'm just saying that we should take advantage of it."

I thought about what she said for a moment and wondered how she defined "anything else". She broke my thought process by saying "I just have one request, if you don't mind."

I could see her playful smile return and her eyebrows hitch up as she continued. "Would you mind terribly if I asked you to stay dressed in panties until your father and sister come home?"

Within a microsecond, I felt like a tremendous burden was lifted from my shoulders. It's like she peered into my inner most being to pluck out the one fear I had and nullify it right in front of my eyes.

"No, I wouldn't mind at all, Mom," I answered, "that's something I was going to talk to you about that later anyway."

"Are you sure that isn't too weird – your mother wanting to see you dressed in panties?"

"Well, it's not any weirder than me wanting to wear them." I said. "I feel a little embarrassed to say this, but, yeah, I think I could go for that."

"You don't have to agree to this just for me," she added, "if you feel uncomfortable about it, we can just forget it."

"No," I replied, "Really, Mom.... Listen to me. What I'm trying to say is that I would love to. I want to. I like them."

"Oh..... you do?" She asked.

"Yeah, uh," I stammered, "I was going to ask if you might have a few pairs that I could borrow.... to kind of try them out for a few days...."

"Oh." She paused for a minute. I must have caught her off guard with that one.

"I would be lying if I said I didn't want you to do that." She answered. "Bobby. I'm probably going to regret admitting this, but, you don't know how much that would turn me on, and there's so much I could help you with in that department. So, to answer you, sure.... we can look through what I have and you can borrow anything that catches your eye. We could do it before your father and sister get home if that's what you want. If you decide you like wearing panties all the time, we can even pick up a few things that will be your very own."

"Plus," she added, "I already said it would be okay for you to take my panties out of the hamper anytime the mood struck you, so feel free to try out whatever you want. How's that?"

I hugged her. I bet we were one hell of a sight..... our bare chests pressing together, mother and son - both of us dressed only in our panties. It was truly a Kodak moment.

As our hug ended, I said "Now, can I make a request, Mom?"

"Jeez," she said, "I thought you just made one! You want another one?"

"No, go ahead," she laughed, "I was just kidding..."

I dropped my hand between her legs and pressed my palm firmly into her mound. I could feel the warmth of her vagina and I knew she was aroused. "Can you give me these panties?" I asked, tapping on the gusset of the flimsy panties.

"Bobby...... I don't know about that. I'm sure you're smart enough to figure out your father and I made love last night," she said, "and well, you know what that means..... right?"

I actually hadn't even thought about it. Does that mean his sperm is still up in her, or, is it leaking out into her panties? But her pussy juice was in there, too... right? That's the wetness I was feeling, wasn't it. Suddenly, I didn't care, I just wanted her panties and I wasn't gong to think about anything else.

"You said 'anything', remember?" I answered.

"Yes, I remember," she replied, "and if you're sure that's what you want, then okay.... I'll keep my promise. Come on."

With that, she took me by the hand and led me into her room. In the soft light of her bedroom, we stopped next to her bed and she started to say something and then she stopped. I could see that she was searching for the precise words to say and when she found them, she finally spoke, saying "Let's enjoy this time, for however short it is, and for what ever we do, there's going to be no regrets, no guilt, no embarrassment and no shame. I really want to enjoy this, and more importantly, I want you to enjoy it, too, okay?"

I nodded my head and she traced her fingers across my forehead, pushing my hair up out of my eyes and then behind my ears. Her hand stopped as it came to rest on the back of my neck and I felt the irresistible urge to kiss her. I think she felt it, too, so I leaned in toward her mouth and I found myself kissing a woman who wanted to be kissed. It felt like she had been unleashed in my arms.... like someone had released her from her bonds and was now free to act and react without any constraints. I felt pleased about that, and I wanted the kiss to go on longer, but, she laid her head on my shoulder and whispered into my ear "do you want to take my panties off now, or do that later?"

My heart started thumping and I felt my cock twitch beyond its normal hardness as I thought about kneeling before her and lowering her saturated panties that were soon to become mine. But, before I could move, she got down on her knees in front of me and placed her hands on my hips and smiled. Then I watched as she bent forward and began to lick the outline of my cock straining through my sister's panties, looking up at me from time to time to see my reaction as she sensuously licked my crotch.

Rapt with fascination, I watched as she traced her tongue over my rod and to my balls, held tightly inside my sister's panties underneath my cock. She glanced up at me, smiling, and said "You do look cute in these, Kiddo – I'm so glad you left them on. I can't tell you what it does for me."

As her hands moved to my backside and gripped my ass, she pulled me into her and started to suck the head of my cock through the thin panties. She started to moan, and at the same time, moved her hands to the waist band of Linda's panties and started to draw them down. As my cock popped clear of the material, she took it into her mouth and sucked it gently. It was so erotic and beautiful at the same time.... I'll never forget her big eyes looking up at me while she sucked. Finally, she had the panties down to my ankles and I stepped out of them as she took me all the way into her mouth.

The warmth of her lips around my cock was taking me towards the end fast, and I was in no condition to stop her. Just watching her suck me was almost enough to take me to my climax and I didn't care that I might spurt off in her mouth. She must have sensed I was starting to get close, though, because she stopped sucking and started to milk my cock, bringing a drop of precum to the tip of my erection.

"You're leaking." She said, grasping my cock and jacking me as she looked at it.

"I love that...." she continued, "I just love the taste of precome. It's got a much sweeter taste and you have a lot of it, but, I'm going to stop for now because I don't want you to come yet. I want to watch you play with yourself again.... will you do that for me?"

She took my hand and placed it on my cock. Instinctively, I started to move it up and down, jacking myself directly in front of her face, holding the tip of my cock just an inch from her lips. I held it out to her and squeezed out another drop of precome that dangled right in front of her. I edged forward and rubbed the end of my cock across her lips, wiping my precum on them as if my cock were a tube of lipstick. When I was done, she licked her lips and looked up to me.

"Let's get on the bed," she said, "I want you to relax and take your time with this..... you can stroke yourself and make yourself cum for me.... Gawd, I think that's so beautiful, Bobby.... and you can take as long as you want... then when you're ready, you can just let it go. Is that alright? Do you mind if I watch you do that?"

"No, Mom," I answered, "I would actually love that."

"Oh, would you? Does that turn you on, Bobby? Me watching you?" She asked.

She reached up from her kneeling position and laid her hand on top of mine and we stroked my cock together.

"Yeah," I replied, "after I went to bed last night I was thinking about being naked in front of you and jacking off. I would do that anytime for you, Mom... anytime at all.... all you have to do is ask."

"So is that a promise, or are you just saying that because I've got your cock in my hand?" She asked.

"Really, Mom," I said, "I'm serious and it's a promise. Anytime to want to watch me, you can."

"I'm going to hold you to that, mister." She said as she stood. "But, let's get into bed so we can get cuddly. I want to get comfortable to watch your little show."

Climbing into her bed, I could smell her on the sheets. Not necessarily her feminine smell, but the smell of her hair as I laid my head down on her pillow. I thought she was right behind me, slipping under the sheets, but I realized she was still standing at the side of the bed.

"Ooooh, Bobby," she moaned, "I've got a really good idea and it could be a lot of fun for both of us.... that is... if you'll just trust me and go along with it."

"Hold on right there," she said, "I'll be right back."

She turned and walked into the master bathroom and I heard the vanity drawer open and close and then the water turn on. After a few seconds, the water was tuned off and there was about a half minute of silence. When she walked out of the bathroom, her hair was brushed and flowing full around her shoulders. She looked beautiful and her cheeks were broad with a full smile. She stopped right in front of the bed, holding something behind her back.

"Okay, you have to close your eyes now for a minute." She said.

Playing along, I closed my eyes. I heard her shifting the pillows and sheets and then felt the bed move as she joined me. "Don't you dare open your eyes yet," she said, "just another second or two...."

I waited, patiently. Finally, she said "Okay, you can open your eyes now."

When I did, I found her next to me with two pillows propped up behind her back. She wasn't laying down, but she wasn't sitting up, either – it was more like she was reclining back at a comfortable angle. "Can I have that pillow?" She asked, pointing to the pillow under my head.

Handing her the pillow, I watched as she laid the pillow on her lap and then patted it.

"Come put you head right here, Bobby." She said. "I used to nurse you like this when you were a baby.... right here in this bed.... with your head resting on a pillow just like this."

She arranged me so that I was lying on my side with my head on the pillow, conveniently in a position where I could suck her nipple into my mouth without any effort at all. I remembered how much she seemed to enjoy the attention I gave her breasts yesterday and assumed she wanted me to do the same for her again.

I reached up with both hands to guide her breast to my mouth, closed my eyes and began to lightly suckle her. "Oh, that's so nice," she moaned, "...that's really nice..... don't stop."

As I sucked her, she reached down and held my cock loosely in the palm of her hand. After a few minutes, she started to gently squeeze, and then release it. In response, I would flex my cock so she would feel it strain against her loose grip. When I did, I could hear her whisper "I can feel you moving your cock, baby."

I'm not sure how long I lapped and sucked at her nipples, but the whole time I was, she was fondling my cock and lightly touching me all over, running her hands from my balls, to my cock, to my chest and back again.

"Here," she said, "scoot this way a little bit." She shifted me back and forth until I was on my back with my cock much closer to her. She could also reach my whole body by just extending her arms "Now, pull your knees up for me and let them fall apart." She asked.

When I was in the exact position she wanted, she said "That's perfect. Now I can see and touch all of you. This is going to be a wish come true for me, Bobby....."

So, I continued to suckle her nipples, trading between them, one at a time. She interrupted my sucking by taking one of my hands away from her breast and moving it down to my cock. "Close your eyes and enjoy yourself now," she said, "You don't need to hurry at all, baby..... just take as much time as you want.... play with that beautiful cock in your hand and let me watch you.... but, tell me if you think you're getting close to coming."

I opened my eyes for a second and realized just what a view she had. For the most part, I was lying across her lap, my head lying on a pillow while my body was almost lying flat. It was quite comfortable to just let my legs fall open and I relaxed, completely on display to her. I felt a rush of excitement knowing she could look and touch to her heart's content.

As I started to stoke my cock, I heard her emit a hushed gasp, saying "Yes, that's it, baby, make yourself feel good."

Once I got into it, I started having a hard time catching my breath while I was sucking her nipples. "Here," she said, "just turn your head a little and relax back on the pillow so you don't have to work so hard."

That was much better..... now being able to breath much easier as I laid there exhibiting myself to her. She started to stroke my hair and then I felt her move just a bit and opened my eyes. "Shhh, just relax," she said, "Close your eyes and I've got a little something to help you along."

With that, I watched as she held up the panties she had been wearing and showed them to me. They were turned inside out and she was lowering the panty crotch down to my nose. They were wet and shiny, saturated with the juices from her pussy. I wasn't sure when she took them off, but, I closed my eyes as they came to rest lightly on my nose. I inhaled deeply, and as I did, I felt the wetness of the panty seal across my nostrils giving me a 100% dose of her aroma. 

A Mother's Promise Ch. 05
byPro_Ball_Player©

The pace of my stroking quickened, aided by her wet surprise and the fact that she was moving her drenched panties over my mouth and nose. She paused for a moment with them against my lips and without thinking, I parted my lips and sucked some of the material into my mouth. Again, I heard her make a stifled gasp. "Oh, Bobby......"

I sucked the material for several minutes, tasting the fullness of her juices and feeling myself get harder and harder as I stroked my cock. "Don't make yourself cum to soon," she said, "we have hours to play.... there's no rush."

So I relaxed into a nice jackoff rhythm with her lightly stroking my hair and moving her drenched panties from my lips to my nose. All the while she was telling me how much she loved to see a man masturbate, how much it turned her on to see and feel a cock.... and how thankful she was that I was her son. All of a sudden, her sexy talk started to focus on me.

"You like this, don't you?" She asked.

"Oh yeah." I answered.

"Don't talk, baby" she replied, "just nod your head."

"You like smelling my panties?" She asked.

I nodded my head 'yes'.

"And, you've smelled your sister's panties, too, haven't you?"

Again, I nodded 'yes'.

"I don't mind," she said, "you can have mine anytime you want, but you have to be careful with your sister's."

I nodded.

"I like watching you do this, baby.... turning you on and letting you fantasize." She told me. "And, you looked so cute in those little panties..... you really liked them didn't you?"

I nodded again.

"And you want mommy to dress you up in cute panties, don't you?" She asked.

I nodded.

"Will you be a good boy and play with yourself for me, too?" She asked me.

Of course, I nodded that I would.

She continued to rub the panties over my face, pausing for a few moments with them over my nose and then over my lips. She seemed to be playing a game with me, teasing me by letting me breathe them in and taste them only for a few seconds at a time. I was starting to go into overload and my breathing picked up and so did the speed of my hand as it flew up and down on my cock.

"Are you getting close, baby?" She asked.

I nodded that I was.

"Then stop... stop right now," she said as she placed her hand over mine.

"Relax for a minute," she told me, "just relax and let it subside."

As she held my hand still, she began to talk to me again.

"You told me you were thinking about being naked in front of me. Does that turn you on? Would you like to do that for a while in the morning before they get home?" She asked.

I started to move my hand on my cock, but, she held me still. "Would you?" She asked again.

"Yes," I answered, "If that's okay with you."

"Well," she replied, "What if someone came by? You would be naked. What if I had to let them in? They might see you...."

I started to move my hand again, and again she stopped me.

"Settle down, baby, you're getting yourself all worked up again and you're going to make yourself cum before I give you your next surprise." She said. "So, what about that.... what if I let someone in when you were naked. Would that be okay?"

"I guess I couldn't do anything about it." I answered.

"But, it would turn you on, wouldn't it, baby? You would like that, wouldn't you? You would want to grab yourself and masturbate while we watched. You couldn't help yourself, right? " She asked.

This time I didn't care if she was holding my hand still or not. My cock was throbbing and pulsing. I started to stroke it and this time she let go. "It would be alright with me if you did," she said, "I would let you show yourself and make yourself cum if that's what you really wanted to do."

As I masturbated, she continued speaking to me, edging me on and giving me so many things to think about that thoughts and fantasies were flying in and out of my head faster than I could process any of them.

"Now, what about your sister?" She asked, "What if Linda was here sometime and you were naked? Would you let her watch, too? Would you let her see your cock all hard and dripping precum.... maybe even stand in front of her and cum while she watched?"

"Oh, shit, Mom!" I cried, "You're going to make me cum if you don't stop."

"Its okay, Bobby," she said, "Go ahead and let it happen but keep your eyes closed now... just think about how surprised she would be to see her brother's big, hard cock."

That was a vision I hadn't thought about until now, but, it was filling my mind with opportunities and fantasies that hadn't been there before.

"Pull your knees up more, baby..... I want to touch you down there." I heard her say.

I did as she asked, still keeping my eyes closed. I was fantasizing about being naked and masturbating myself in front of someone. Suddenly, I felt a cool touch between my legs. It felt wet. It was her fingers and they were traveling down between my legs to my butt. Oh, my gawd.... to my butt hole!

Startled, my eyes shot open and I lifted my head to see what was going on down there.

"Relax, baby, you're going to enjoy this." She said. "Just relax and trust me. Lay back down and close your eyes and don't stop.... I know you're getting close."

I was too far gone to question her. I laid my head back down on the pillow and started stroking myself again. I felt her fingers touching me, barely pushing into my bottom hole. First a little pressure, then she let up. Then a little more pressure and she would let up again. Soon I could tell that her finger was slipping into me..... it wasn't hurting, it actually felt kind of nice in a strange sort of way.

"Is that okay? Is that hurting you?" She asked.

"No," I said, panting and almost out of breath, "It's fine, Mom."

I felt her finger go in deeper this time and start to wiggle inside of me. Without realizing it, I was pulling my legs up and opening them up wider for her until I felt her finger all the way in. I had never felt anything like this before and it was an amazing feeling. She started to move her finger in and out..... and it wasn't long before I knew I was past the point of stopping.

"Oh, yeah," I moaned, "I'm really getting close now."

"I can feel it, baby... I can feel it, too..... I can feel it with my finger.... You're so close.... go ahead and let it go..... let me see you cum now... show Mommy how her big boy can cum."

It wasn't just her words that caused me to let go, but a combination of everything she had said and done in the last forty five minutes. When I erupted, I felt it swell up deep inside of me and work it's way up from my balls to the tip of my cock. Ropes and ropes of thick, white cum seemed to pour out of me as I thrashed on the bed with her finger in my butt.

"Gawd, Bobby, yeah... come on, shoot your sperm all over us.... show Mommy how you can cum!"

I did exactly what she asked. I sprayed all over my chest and neck, her arm and the pillow I was laying on. The force of the eruption created little pools of cum all over me and all around us. When my climax was over, she pulled her finger out of my butt and I relaxed back into the pillow trying to catch my breath.

When I looked up at her, she was smiling down at me. "Well, was that a good one?"

A Mother's Promise Ch. 06
byPro_Ball_Player©

Authors Note: I apologize that this chapter is so wordy. It's simply unavoidable now that I have a clear view of the follow-on chapters. There's some 'Housekeeping' and 'Set Up' I need to do and get out of the way so I don't have to do it later. Since it seems like there's some level of interest for me to continue the story, I thought it would be better to get all of this out of the way now. Please understand that I think in the long run, it will be better this way. Enjoy this chapter, and thanks for the encouraging emails to continue.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I was gasping for breath. My cock, still in my hand, was quivering, pulsing and dribbling the remnants of my orgasm onto my stomach creating an overflowing pool around my belly button. It was such a huge explosion of sperm...... I couldn't believe the amount of cum that came out of me..... and judging from Mom's reaction, she couldn't either. The way she brought me right up to the point of climax and then stopped me, I'm sure, added to the volume of cum that was waiting to finally get out.

As I lay there trying to catch my breath, she was still being a mother. She was stroking my face and hair, lightly patting me on the chest and saying "Relax now, Bobby."

It's hard to relate the plethora of feelings I had at that exact minute. The words 'remorse', 'excitement', 'love', 'trust', 'dishonor' and 'indebtedness' came to mind..... but there was no way I 'regretted' any of this.

To an outside observer, it might seem that I was using my mother to play out a list of fantasies. Or perhaps she was using me to play out her list of fantasies, but no, there's no way she was using me for her own fun. Without even having to think it over, I knew that she's done all of this for me.

Now, I'm not stupid enough to have missed the fact that she's been turned on, too. But, she told me in no uncertain terms that there would be no intercourse, so she did draw a definite line. Plus, given the strength and sheer number of cums I'd had since the laundry room incident yesterday, there was no doubt that I was getting the better end of the deal. That's where the 'indebtedness' comes in.

I felt seriously indebted to her now. She had completely understood and allowed my desire to enjoy hers, and Linda's worn panties. Not to mention her acceptance of my newly acquired desire to wear them, too. And, of course... my desires to be naked, and to expose myself, and to masturbate.... all of that she accepted with no condemnation.

The way I looked at it..... I owed her. I owed her big time. So, I made the decision right then and there, as my breathing caught up to me, that I was going to do everything necessary to pay her back. But, just as I was about to make a bold move to rise up and throw myself between her legs to lick and kiss her pussy to orgasm, she beat me to it.

She carefully lifted the pillow on her lap where my head rested. Holding it up, she scooted out from under it and laid it back down on the bed. Naked, she scampered around me and came to rest on her hands and knees next to my body. She looked at me with a playful look on her face, her hair hanging down, slightly hiding her breasts as they hung down beneath her.

I watched as she bent down toward my cock. Looking up at me, she took my softening rod into her mouth and gently sucked it. "I'm just going to clean you up a little." She stopped sucking long enough to say. "This is going to be fun.... well, it will be for me at least. I've always loved doing this."

She sucked my cock back into her mouth only for a brief instant and then used her tongue to lick my shaft as she held it with her hands. Next, she lowered her mouth to my balls and began to suck them one at a time. I flinched for a second as she sucked one of my nuts into her mouth, but she immediately stopped when I jumped, asking me "Baby, did I hurt you?"

"It was just sensitive for a second. It's okay now." I answered.

"I'm sorry.... I'll be careful." She said, cradling both my nuts in the palm of her hand. "I know these can be sensitive, especially with the amount of action you've had lately. I might be a little out of practice with a young man's testicles, but, I promise to be careful with them."

I continued to watch her lick and suck my nuts as she held my now soft cock. I couldn't imagine why it was soft... here was a beautiful and sexy woman licking my crotch.... one would think I would be hard again. All in all, though, I felt my softness was for the better since I knew if it got hard that would just get us both going again, and all I really wanted to do right now was to make her feel good and let her have a good cum. I just needed to wait until she was done cleaning me up and then I would go to town on her nipples and her pussy.... both areas where I had been successful in pleasuring her earlier.

"Your penis is so cute when it's soft, Bobby." She said, speaking directly at my cock. As she spoke to it, she squeezed it just a little and then ran her fingers through my thick bush of brown hair surrounding my genitals. "You might do with a bit of a trim down here, though." Grabbing a handful of my thick hair and shaking her hand back and forth, she looked up at me and said "All this is going to try to poke out of your cute panties, my dear."

Honestly, I'd never thought about it. I was definitely in favor of women being shaved, and I knew that most females were hairless these days, but I hadn't heard of any men shaving. Maybe a trim for me wasn't totally out of the question, though, especially if I could talk her into completely shaving herself in return. I admitted to myself that I would very much enjoy seeing a live pussy completely shaved right in front of me.

Thinking about her having a hairless pussy caused my cock to react and she felt it start to grow in her hand. "Hmm," she said, "You're starting to expand again, big boy...... want to tell me what started that?" "Well," I said, "I was just thinking that I've never seen a woman clean shaven before, and..... I thought.... uh, I mean, I was thinking..... uh..."

"Hmm, let me guess.... that you'd like to see me like that?" She asked.

"Yeah, kind of." I answered.

"I swear," she said, "I'm not sure I understand what it is with you guys about seeing a female with no pubic hair. Your Dad is the same way. Is it some little girl fantasy you all share?"

"Mom, I was just thinking it might be nice to see all of you... you know... without any hair to hide anything or cover anything up, I know a lot of girls do it..... I've uh.... well, I've seen pictures on the internet, you know."

"Yes, Baby, I can imagine you have," she replied, "and I know a lot of females shave them selves on a regular basis..... even your sister shaves herself during the summer. Come to think of it, you just might get your chance soon because it's about time for me to shave myself again for your father. He doesn't like a lot of hair down there and it's been several weeks, so maybe I'll do that soon..... I bet both of your would be happy about that."

"Well, if you do," I asked, "do I get to see?"

"You just can't help wanting to look right in there, can you?" She smiled as if she already knew what I wanted. "I know, I know.... you would want me to lie down and spread my legs so you can see everything close up and personal, right? Want me to spread my self open for you, too, so you can get a real good look me?"

"Mom, I was just asking if I could see..." I embarrassingly replied.

"Baby, I'm just kidding you. Don't go getting all serious on me" She said. "Yes, you can see.... I'll let you see everything down there.... I'm kind of used to it. When ever I shave your Dad wants me to lie down so he can inspect every inch of me and get him self off. Seriously, I don't mind that at all..... it's actually kind of flattering to know someone is getting all worked up and excited just by looking at me!"

She smiled that all knowing smile again and moved up my body. Her head titled down over a pool of cum on my stomach and licked it up. Looking back up at me, she paused for a moment and said "Now, let me finish what I started here, would you? You're covered with all this cum and I'm dying to enjoy myself with it, so why don't you just lay back and let me have my fun."

My cock was at full mast again, big surprise on that, huh?

I adjusted my head so I could watch her lick my cum up. Her movements were sensual and dedicated as her tongue snaked out of her mouth to lick up a patch of my sperm, then she would pull it back into her mouth and I could see her exaggerated movements as she tasted and swallowed. I'm sure she knew I was watching her and she rose to occasion by putting on one hell of a sexy show for me.

She eventually came to the large pool of cum enveloping my belly button like a small lake. In one motion, she looked up at me with a smile and then sunk her entire mouth down on it and sucked it in. Her tongue darted in to my belly button and it tickled a little bit, causing me to squirm and laugh. Looking back up at me, she opened her mouth a bit to show me the cum on her lips and tongue and then closed her mouth again. Stepping over me so that she could straddle my body, she moved up toward my head and before I knew it, she kissed me. As I had done numerous times before, I opened my mouth so our tongues could meet. A second later, it hit me that her mouth was still full of my cum, and I tried to turn my head away and break our kiss. She pulled off of me and said "Oh no you don't, Mister..... if it's good enough for me, it's good enough for you. Now, open up."

She lowered her lips back down to mine and I hesitantly opened my mouth to her probing tongue. Without being overly gentle, she thrust her tongue into my mouth and I started to suck on it. Despite my desire not to do this, I found it completely harmless. Maybe it was because it was mixed with her saliva, but, it wasn't horrible or bad at all. It had an unusual tangy taste and felt a little 'sticky' in my mouth, but, it didn't taste horrible and it didn't make me gag. After a minute or so, she pulled up from the kiss and said "Baby, most men are deathly afraid to do what you just did... they think their world will end or they will turn gay, or something stupid like that if they taste their own cum. I can't tell you how proud I am that you were open to it. Besides, think about it this way.... you put your face down in my pussy and I kissed you after that without any hesitation, right?"

"Uh, yeah... that's right." I answered.

"And, obviously, if I can eat your sperm it's not harmful, right?" She asked.

"Yeah, I guess so." I said.

"So as long as you don't develop some kind of weird fobia about it, there's nothing wrong with it at all. Plus, take it from me, baby..... and you're going to find out this is true.... once you get a girlfriend or get married, that girl will really appreciate you not pulling away from her after she sucks you."

She shifted her weight and sat up on top of me, straddling my body between her legs and settling her pussy down directly on my pancaked erection. Her eyes got big and she said "Oooh, that feels really nice!"

She started to move a little, rubbing her pussy against the length of my hard cock pinned between her pussy and my stomach. "Don't you dare move, baby..... let me rub on you for a minute."

She seemed to go into a trance as she moved very slowly, forcing herself down on me. Back and forth, back and forth.... she rubbed on me in a deliberate fashion. Then, reaching for my hands, she pulled them up to her breasts, saying "Play with my nipples, would you?"

At first, I held her breasts so I could look at them and then brought my thumb and first finger down to her nipples and touched them lightly. She let out a gasp and then leaned forward to a point where I could bring one breast to my mouth and suck her nipple while I used my fingers on the other one. This quickened her pace and her movements became erratic and sharp. At one point, she moved up on me so far that I knew my cock had to be right at the entrance to her pussy opening. She immediately stopped moving and looked down at me. "Don't move," she said, "you're right there. One false move and you'll be inside me."

She pushed down on me a little and I felt a warm wetness envelope my cock. "Oh, shit!" I thought. "Did I just slip inside her?"

All of a sudden, she started to move in very short strokes and the pressure on my cock seemed to vanish. Was I inside her? I couldn't tell, but it didn't matter because in just another second, she tensed up and started to moan.

"Oh, Bobby... I'm gonna cum.... I'm gonna cum now.... Oh yes, oh yes...."

I was rapt with awe as she groaned and ground herself down on me. I couldn't feel the pressure on top of my cock anymore and I was sure I was either already inside her pussy or sitting right at her pussy entrance. I reached my hands up to pinch both of her nipples and that made her moan "Oh, yes.... yes... pinch my nipples, baby... harder..... oh yeah..... that's it.... here it comes...... aaahhhhhh...."

Her head was bobbing up and down.... and she was shaking wildly, bucking on top of me and biting her lower lip until she froze for a minute and then shivered for a few seconds. After that, she settled down and carefully lowered herself down to my chest and lay there to catch her breath. As she lay on top of me, the angle of her pussy must have changed and it felt like my cock was poking into something.... maybe I was only nudged up against the entrance of her vagina, but, somehow I knew we were instantly in a dangerous and forbidden place.

I didn't move. I didn't dare move a muscle. After a minute, though, I couldn't be still anymore and my cock flexed. Her eyes bolted open and she looked at me.

"Oh, gawd, baby....." she said, "I just want to slide right down on top of you and feel you all the way inside of me."

"It's okay, Mom," I said, "Go ahead. No one will know...."

"No, Baby, we can't...." She said as she climbed off of me. "I know you want to, and I want to, but, I promised your father I wouldn't. We have to stop."

"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" I said. "What did you just say? You promised Dad what?"

She curled her legs up under her and sat on the bed beside me. "Look," she said, "Don't worry. I was going to talk to you about this later before they came home.... so you would understand."

"Oh, fuck, Mom.... Did you talk to Dad?" I was suddenly crushed with the knowledge that she told him everything and that Dad knew about the panties and everything else. "I thought you said all this was just between us? You said it was private between you and me. What did you do?"

"Baby, I told you not to worry, and no, I didn't say anything to him. But, I can see you're going to have a melt down if we don't talk this through right now." She replied.

"Come on, settle down. You're getting yourself all worked up for no reason at all. Let me explain and you'll see." She urged. By now my cock had transitioned into an unmistakable soft-on and I was imagining the worst possible situation.

She took my hand in hers and she began to explain. "Bobby, I knew we were going to have to have this conversation, and I want you to listen to what I have to say and I don't want you to jump to any conclusions or rush to make any judgments about me, or your father or anybody else. You have to listen to what I have to say and you have to promise to be considerate of everyone's feelings. Alright?"

"So, did you say anything to him about what we did?" I asked.

"Heavens, no, baby." She answered. "Please, just hear me out, would you?"

"You swear to me you didn't say one word to Dad about yesterday?" I pleaded.

"You have my word on that. Now, can you please give me a chance to explain everything?" She asked. "Bobby, I would never hurt you or go back on a promise I made. You must believe me on that. Please! Can't you trust me for a few more minutes?"

Now, I felt bad. I could see the hurt in her eyes I caused by accusing her of breaking her promise of silence. I'm sure I gave the impression that I didn't trust her or that she ratted me out to my Dad. I instantly felt like a complete ass. I should have given her the chance to explain instead of just assuming the worst. "I'm sorry, Mom. I was just panicking. I'll listen, go ahead."

She picked up my hand and held it to her lips and kissed it. "Okay," she began, "some of this is hard to say, so I'm counting on you to hear me out -- all the way. Then I'll answer every one of your questions, so, please just let me get through this." She said. "First of all, right up front, I'll tell you that both your father and I had sexual relationships with family members before we got married. Neither of us was ever forced into anything, and for both of us it was something we enjoyed. For me, it was my brother.... your Uncle Mike. You probably already guessed that. For your father, it was his mother. Now, before you go getting a lot of ideas in your head, I want to explain some things."

"Both of us, I mean your father and I," she continued, "have always been open and honest with you and your sister about sex. A long time ago, we decided that when and if the time came, and, when and if you guys were old enough to understand, we would be up front about the human body and the things people do together... you know... sexually. We figured that if you didn't hear or see the truth from us you might be tempted to listen to your friends or experiment on you own. Of course, with all the things you can catch these days, we didn't want that. So we decided we wouldn't be bashful about our bodies around the two of you and we wouldn't avoid any discussions about sex."

"We both knew there would come a time when one of you might catch us making love or having oral sex.... or doing something we might have to explain." She said. "And, we knew that would bring up some emotions and questions and cause a lot of curiosity. We definitely didn't want you guys to grow up thinking sex was dirty or bad so we had to make some decisions so you would have a healthy attitude about sex. With me so far?"

"Yes." I said.

"I told your father all about me and your Uncle Mike before we got married. In return, your father told me all about the things he did with his mother. It turns out both of us learned a lot in those relationships. Not only about sex, but we also learned about emotions, love, respect, tenderness, privacy, caring and responsibility. So, we decided that once you guys got old enough, if you showed an interest, we would.... well... how should I put this..... we would make ourselves available to you hoping that you and your sister would benefit the same way we did."

I'm sure she saw the look of complete lack of comprehension in my eyes. What the hell did all of that mean! Did it mean that Dad was doing my sister, Linda? Were they doing the same things we were doing?

"What does that mean, Mom, to 'make your selves available'?"

"Bobby, we made some ground rules and agreed to follow them, no matter what. I have followed them, and as far as I know, your father has, too." She replied. "They were simple and have worked pretty darn well so far."

"Like what kind of ground rules are we talking about here?" I asked.

"Well, for starters, we agreed that neither one of us would be shocked with something sexual that you or your sister said or did -- an example being your interest in our panties. We would be accepting of your sexual preference, and we would be open about our own sexuality if either of you ever asked. I've been pretty open with you, haven't I? We acknowledged that little boys seem to develop an interest in their mommies and little girls develop an interest in their daddies. Also, we agreed that once you got to be adults, if the need was there, we would each take responsibility to be available to the two of you within certain boundaries."

"Boundaries?" I asked. "What kind of boundaries?"

"For example," she said, "there would be no unwanted touching and we wouldn't let either of you do or try anything that would hurt you. We also agreed that there would never be any vaginal intercourse. On top of all that, we agreed that neither of us would violate the trust of either of you. That means we wouldn't blab about stuff."

"Bobby, I promise... with all my heart.... I haven't spoken to your father about anything we've said or done." She squeezed my hand and looked right at me and said "And, you have my solemn promise that I won't. But, you see now why I let you inside me. Do you understand now?"

It was a shit load to grasp. Thinking back to the talk Mom and I had yesterday in the laundry room.... even then, I was wondering why she never told Dad when she found her and Linda's panties in my room. If she wanted to bust me, she had an excellent chance to do it then. And yes, when we talked about it, she seemed genuinely understanding when it all came out that I was sniffing their panties when I masturbated. She wasn't mad at all.

"Mom," I asked her, "does this mean Dad is messing around with Linda?"

"Somehow I knew you were going to ask that." She said.

"Truthfully," she continued, "I have no idea. I've never asked him, and he's never said he was or that he wasn't. Your sister has never indicated if he has or hasn't. But, she's well adjusted, smart, emotionally well balanced and completely comfortable with him -- just like she is with you and just like she is with me. He loves her very much, just as he loves you and I know he wouldn't do anything to ever hurt her or take advantage of her. If anything has happened, they've kept it between them selves, and you need to respect their privacy in that. Don't go asking questions or start snooping around. The one you hurt will end up being your sister, and I don't think you want to do that."

"Baby, let me make this real simple for you." She finally said. "If you're curious about sex, or the female body, or the male body or want to talk about stuff or explore things you might have seen or heard about, your father and I are willing to be here for you and it will be kept private and within the guidelines your father and I agreed to."

"Hmm, that's kind of mind blowing." I said "You mean if Linda or I just walked up to Dad.... and out of the blue asked if we could, uh... see his penis, he would pull his pants down and show us?"

"Most likely.... probably so.... but somehow I can't imagine him just pulling it out without at least some discussion and doing it in private." She answered. "But, can you tell me.... why do you ask? Do you want to see your father's penis?"

"It was just an example, Mom." I replied.

"Well, I don't think that's so far fetched at all..... I mean.... your sister asked to see my breasts." She said. "I don't see what the difference is if you wanted to see his penis."

"So anything goes except intercourse? Why did you make that rule?" I asked.

"Bobby, be careful not to put words in my mouth." She chided me. "I didn't say anything goes. What I said was 'if there was a need' and 'once you got to be adults' and no 'vaginal' intercourse."

"Okay," I said, "I remember you saying that now. So, why no vaginal intercourse?"

"Because, Bobby..... I love your father and he's my lover. That's something reserved just for him. I've only done that with two guys my whole life. I promised him there would not be a third." She answered.

"Hmm, I see...... I think. So that's why you were okay with touching me and sucking me and me sucking and touching you?"

"Yes," she said, "that's exactly right. One more thing, baby, and this is really important to me. I am not a slut, Bobby. I can help you experience some things, find out what you like and don't like and help you learn about sex so you don't have to experiment in the back seat of a car with some girl that you might get pregnant. I'm still your mother and you have to respect me and treat me as such. Is that fair?"

"Mom," I answered, "I'm sorry for getting all weird on you before and upset about you saying something to Dad. I understand everything you said and I guess I'm pretty lucky to have parents like you."

She leaned forward and kissed me softly on the cheek. "Mom, I appreciate you explaining everything to me, and I understand now. I feel like I want to tell you some things, too..... so, can we talk for a little while longer?"

She smiled and nodded her head. "Sure, baby, you can say whatever you need to say." She said. "Let's just lay together and you can talk. I'll just listen until you're done."

I shuffled from the sideways position I was in, straightened the pillows and laid down. She lay across from me, on my Dad's side, and she turned toward me. When we were settled, she smoothed her long hair back behind her ears and just looked at me..... waiting.

"To tell you the truth," I said looking over at her, "I'm not sure where to begin. I guess I want to say first that I'm sorry for getting upset earlier. I should have trusted you more and I hope you can forgive me for that."

She smiled and stroked my cheek with her hand and played with my hair, pushing it out of my eyes. "It's forgotten, baby." She said.

"Next," I continued, "I wasn't completely honest with you before when I said I'd only seen you naked a couple of times. I also saw you with Dad in your bedroom one night a few months ago. I watched you guys from the hallway when you thought I wasn't home. It was that day you two had gone to Uncle Mike's and I was going to stay over night at Reggie's house with a bunch of friends and Linda was at school. Well, we got too loud and Reggie's Mom got mad at us and told us all to go home."

"Go on." She said.

"So, I thought you guys would be sleeping and I tried to be as quiet as I could, but, when I got in the hallway, your light was on and I heard sounds. Your door was open a few inches and I looked in."

"I see." She said. "How long did you watch?"

"I don't know," I replied, "a long time... maybe 30 or 45 minutes."

"Hmm." She said tentatively. "Bobby, I need to ask you this and I want to you to be honest with me..... what did you see?"

"Mom, it's not like I was trying to sneak around so much as it was I was absolutely unable to turn away. You guys were doing things and saying things and I got turned on watching you..... I couldn't turn away."

"I think I remember the night, Bobby." She said. "We were being frisky because we knew there was no one home. It was wrong for you to watch, I hope you know that. But, I still want you to answer me and tell me what you saw."

"Mom, this is really hard for me to talk about, you know?" I said.

"Yes," she agreed, "I can imagine it is. But, I need to know what you saw and you owe it to me to be honest about it."

"I know," I replied, "I'm just afraid you're going to be mad at me if I tell you."

"I can't change what's happened, Bobby." She said. "You have to take responsibility for your actions. I'm not going to be mad as long as you're honest with me now."

"Okay," I said.

Then I told her everything I saw. How I saw my dad bending over the bed and my mom behind him with a dildo strapped to her waist, fucking him with it, and then how I saw her get on the bed and let Dad fuck her in her ass. I told her everything.

Through out my confession, I found it hard to look at her. But, I was honest and truthful and I told her everything. When I was done, I apologized again for spying on them.

She stared up at the ceiling above the bed for several minutes and then she turned to me. "Bobby, when you get married, you and your wife are probably going to share your fantasies and kinks with each other. You're going to find that every now and then, you'll want to be extra frisky and try to live some of those fantasies out together. Married people do that sometimes just to keep the sparks warm in the bedroom. It's a matter of marriage survival, baby. You won't understand that now, but, you'll understand that when the time comes."

Before I could respond, she continued, saying "I want you to promise me right now you'll never ever say anything about what you saw to anyone else -- that includes your best friend, your girlfriends, your wife, your sister, or your Dad -- absolutely no one."

"Mom, I promise. You have my word on it." I answered.

"Baby," she looked at me with a serious expression on her face, "your father is a very proud and macho kind of man. If he knew you had seen him like that, I can't imagine how he would feel or what he would do. I'm not asking this for me, but I'm asking it for him. It would be devastating for him..... it would break his heart if he knew you saw him in that position."

"No problem, Mom." I said. "It's never changed the way I felt about you or him, anyway."

"I'm glad to hear you say that." She said. "But, I don't want you to have the wrong impression about what you saw that night, either. Let me just put it like this..... normal and everyday people really do have, and, enjoy anal sex. And, regardless of what you might think right now, men can enjoy anal stimulation very much because their prostrate gland is right in there. So, don't get some idea that anal sex is some kind of unusual kinky thing that normal people don't do. Yes, your father and I have anal sex from time to time. I enjoy it and so does he. But his personal likes and desires are his business, not yours."

"Mom, trust me on this, would you?" I asked. "Hey, I already told you I watched that long because I was turned on, not because I thought it was sick. So, neither of you have anything to worry about. I just wanted to tell you about it because I wasn't honest before about how many times I had seen you naked."

"I appreciate your honesty, Bobby. Thank you for telling me." She said. "So, did you stand out in the hallway for forty five minutes and play with yourself the whole time you watched us?"

"Yeah," I answered, "I did."

"I see." She said. "You must have been awful excited to watch for that long. Do you think that's something you might like to try sometime?"

"Anal sex?" I asked.

"Uh-huh," she replied, "do you think you would want to try anal sex?"

"Oh, yeah." I said. "For sure."

"Do you mean giving it or receiving it, or both?" She asked.

"Uh, well.... both... maybe," I said, "it's just......"

She smiled that motherly smile again and asked "Does the thought of having something in your butt scare you, or, turn you on?"

"Both," I said, "I mean.... I liked it when you put your finger in me a little while ago, but, I don't know about something as big as.... you know.... the thing you used with dad.

"How do you feel about having anal sex if you're the giver and not the receiver? Does that turn you on?" She asked.

"Oh, yeah." I said again. "I would definitely like to try that."

"Well there you go," she said, "there's that dependable male double standard again. The good ol' 'cum eating and anal fear' syndrome..... you men are so predictable."

"Yeah, yeah, okay," I said, "can I finish with the things I wanted to tell you now? Can we be serious for a minute?"

"Sure," she said, "I'm sorry, I was just trying to have a little fun. You know I didn't mean anything by that."

"Hey, this is kind of cool, isn't it?" She remarked. "We're learning a lot about each other.... kidding around and all. It's nice that we can share like this."

"I know what you mean. Mom. But, let me finish or else we might as well just stay up and have breakfast and play panty dress up all day."

"Oh, I can see you're really excited about that, aren't you?" She was smiling at how clever she was. "Okay, I'll be quiet and let you finish," she said, "go ahead and get it all said."

I tried to be serious again because I wanted her to pay attention to what I was going to say and I wanted her to understand, too. I took a deep breath and then I continued.

"When we were in the laundry room yesterday and you told me you found the panties I hid in my room, I thought for sure I was going to get the lecture of my life and be thrown out of the house. But, you handled it so cool, Mom. And, then we talked about it and you handled that so cool, too. It's like I felt a new kind of connection with you -- something that was 'grown up'...... like you understood I just a horny kid with no real sexual outlet. That really made a big impression on me. You could have blown your top, but, you didn't. Mom, there's no way you're ever going to know how much that meant to me and how much closer I feel to you now."

I looked at her and her eyes were a little watery. I hoped I hadn't just said the wrong thing. For my own sake, I need to get the rest of these things off my chest, so I continued.

"The things we did.... you know.... letting me jackoff, giving me your panties, letting me look at you, putting those panties on me, letting me touch you -- all that..... it's been the most exciting time of my life. I bet most guys don't get that much fun in two lifetimes. But, more importantly.... I got it from someone that loves me and cares about me. You said something before... you know.... about you not being a slut? I would never think that, Mom. I love you too much to ever think that. And, yes, I do respect you and I know that through all of this, you ARE my mother and I know you love me."

When I looked up at her, I could see tears welling up in her eyes. One finally ran down her cheek and I reached over to wipe it off, but it was immediately replaced with another tear, and then another.

"It's okay, baby, go ahead." She said. "I'm still listening."

"Just a little while ago," I said, "when you were rubbing on top of me, you don't know how much I wanted to push up into you and finally 'do it'. You might think this sounds really hokey, but, I wanted to lose my virginity with you... with someone that is hot and sexy.... but, with someone I loved. It wasn't going to be having sex.... it was going to be making love and I was hoping to finally do that."

There was a steady stream of tears coming from her eyes now. She was blinking and trying to wipe them away as best she could, but, there was no doubt now that I was making her cry. It hurt me, primarily because I knew I couldn't take any of my words or actions back, but I was trying to be honest and I needed to clear my conscious.

"I know what you mean, baby.... really.... I do," she said in between tears, "I felt the same way. You don't know how much I wanted to be your first. But, you know why that can't happen, right?"

"I know," I replied, "and I completely understand. Anyway, I just wanted you to know that I've loved and enjoyed everything we've done and if it's okay, there's other things I would like to do and I promise to honor the rules and respect everyone's feelings."

She had a faint smile on her face as she scooted over to me and held my face in her hands. The remnants of her tears were still on her cheeks, but she had stopped crying.

"Bobby, thanks for sharing all that with me. Your words touched me in ways that I can't explain.... not only as your mother, but as a woman, too. You don't know what it means for a woman to hear that she's beautiful, hot and sexy. It's almost the biggest compliment a woman my age can get, especially from a virile young man. Plus, to hear that you wanted me to be your first... to take your virginity and give you your first real meaningful sex, well, that makes me feel like I'm eighteen again..... I'm flattered beyond words. But, no more sneaking around and peeking. I told you that you didn't have to do that and we'll just leave it at that."

She laid her head next to mine on the pillow. "How about if we turn off the light now and try to get a little rest. It's still way too early to get up." She told me. "Your father and sister won't be home until much later than they thought. Before they left, he told me not to expect them until after six o'clock this evening, so we have all day together. When we wake up, we can take a shower and dress each other in some cute panties and we'll have all day to talk and play. Does that sound like a good plan?"

It did, indeed. She reached over to shut off the table lamp next to the bed and cuddled up next to me. I could see that dawn was breaking through the curtains, but the faint light of the morning wasn't strong enough yet to light the room. There was still one thing I needed to do, though.

"Mom, can I just ask one favor right now?" I begged.

"Of course you can, sweetheart." She answered.

"There's something I've wanted to do since earlier..... something special just for you to sort of repay you for the things you've already done for me. Would you mind? You don't have to do anything. Is that okay?"

"Bobby, you don't have to do anything to repay me." She replied. "The kindness in your words was all the payment I'll ever need, baby. Don't you know that?"

"Mom, just do me a favor and say 'Yes', would you?" I asked.

"Okay," she said, "If you insist, then 'Yes'."

That's all I needed to hear. I gingerly moved out of our cuddling embrace, pushed the sheets down and moved between her legs. Very softly, I placed my hands underneath her knees and lifted them up until she lifted them herself. "Just relax now and let me pleasure you." I said.

She tried to quickly put her legs back together, but, I held them open. "Oh, baby," she said, "don't you remember I said that your father and I made love last night?"

"Mom, please," I said, "Don't be difficult."

"Are you sure?" She asked.

I wanted so bad to do this for her. I needed to make an effort to give her something that I knew she would like.... something that she didn't have to work for.... something only for her, something that would be meaningful to her and something that would show her that I loved her.

But, it was time to be stern. "Mom, do I need to remind you that you already said you would let me do something special for you? That means you need to cooperate. It's important to me that you let me do this, so, please take your own advice and relax and enjoy." With that, she relaxed her legs and let them fall completely open.

There still wasn't enough light in the room yet for me to see her fully, but I knew she was lying completely open and exposed to me. How I would have loved to be able to look down into her pussy and see her lips displayed in all their wetness -- like a flower opening up just for me, but I set that thought aside for now, there would be time for that later.

I wanted her to feel my touch before I made love to her with my mouth and tongue. I placed my hand between her legs, completely covering her mound, and applied gentle pressure to let her know where I was going to focus. I could feel dampness on my palm and the warmth of her precious vagina, just underneath. I bent down and placed my hands on either side of her labia and spread her open. As I did, I heard the crisp wetness of her parting lips call out to me and immediately, I smelled her scent. It was a sensation that made me feel strong and capable, and it drove me to lower my face down to her opened sex and carefully place my nose exactly at the opening of her vagina to breathe her into me deeply.

When my tongue entered her, she made a sound that I didn't recognize. It was soft and sexy, much like she was moaning her satisfaction and encouragement with what I was doing. I pushed my tongue into her as far as I could, burying my face between her lips. Her wetness was increasing and I could feel it on my cheeks and on my chin. It was rich, just like when I licked her before, and it felt so good to know that I could excite her like this.

I put out of my mind any concerns about her lovemaking with my father.... I was in this for the long run now and I had just one goal -- and that was to send her off to sleep feeling warm and completely satisfied. Nothing else mattered. This was strictly for her. 

As I licked her, I held her open so I could make sure I touched her everywhere with my tongue. I licked all around her outer lips, inside the smaller lips and up between them to her clitoris. Finding her little bud, it felt larger than I remembered from before. I tongued it for a few seconds and then took it between my lips and sucked it lightly as I pulled on it. Somewhere amidst all of this, her hands moved to the back of my head and she started to steer me to where she wanted the attention and I gladly followed her lead.

If the amount of juices coming from her vagina were any indication of her level of excitement, then I was on the right track. Not surprisingly, though, I found myself with a mouthful of juices that tasted a little different than before, but, it didn't persuade me to stop, or even let up. She pulled my head into her pussy harder and I spread her lips as much as I could so I could get into her deeper. I wanted her to feel like I was worshipping her pussy, and that nothing was going to deter me.

She pulled her legs back all the way to her chest and spoke my name softly. Soon, a small flood of juices flowed out of her vagina and onto my face. "Oh, Bobby.... yes....yes... that's really good." She moaned.

I started lapping and sucking up as much of her juice as I could and her soft moaning continued. The sheer thought of knowing what I was doing to her was driving me to make long strokes with my tongue from her pussy hole all the way up to her clit, just to make sure I didn't miss anything she wanted me to lick and suck. Her excitement, and mine too, was almost at a breaking point and I knew she was very close to her climax when she started to moan "Oh... Oh....Oh.... Oh.....Oh."

I wish there would have been more light so I could see her opened up like this -- all wet and shiny, glistening with her juices, ready to cum for me. Her lips were so slippery that I couldn't hardly keep a grasp on them and I kept having to open her back up just to keep my tongue in her. Then, out of nowhere, she thrust my face into her and locked her thighs around my head and started to twist slightly from side to side.

"Oh, baby.... I'm gonna cum.... I'm gonna cum.... Aaaahhhh!" She screamed.

I tried to keep licking and sucking as she came, but she pushed me away and held my face away from her while she bucked. I could only watch her in the soft morning light as she had her climax, and then relaxed her legs on either side of me.

She reached down to take my hand and brought it up between her breasts, directly on top of her thumping heart. She held me there, until at last she let out a gasping breath and let herself go limp.

I sat up from between her legs and lay down next to her. Just as she had done for me, I wiped the sweat from her forehead and kissed her cheek as she rested. "Mom, I love you." I said.

She turned her head toward me and pulled me into a deep kiss, pressing her lips to mine, ignoring the pussy juice that completely covered my face. Little kisses and long deep kisses, we kept kissing for several minutes until she pulled away and said "Baby, that was a wonderful cum."

I had to laugh to myself knowing that it was her guiding that made it all work. I really didn't have a clue what to do and where to do it, but I was smart enough to let her lead me.

"Baby," she said, "you know your father's cum was in me. What on earth possessed you to do that?"

"I just wanted it to be special for you, Mom." I replied. "I wanted to show you how much I appreciated everything you've done for me, and, I wanted you to know that totally and unconditionally I loved you. Besides, like you said, it's not harmful, right?"

"Hmm," she said, "The student becomes the teacher and the teacher becomes the student, eh, Grasshopper?"

"What?" I asked sharply.

"Never mind, Bobby. It's from an old TV show, but it means you've become very wise. She answered.

"Come on," she said, "taking my hand and puling me out of bed and then leading me into the bathroom. We can rinse our faces off and brush our teeth and get a few hours sleep. I think you're going to need all your strength to survive the day we're going to have."

Next: Bobby loses his virginity in a very tender moment. 

A Mother's Promise Ch. 07
byPro_Ball_Player©

Author's note: I appreciate the comments and emails. I do try to reply to them all. Also, thanks for the style suggestions; I am trying to incorporate those suggestions in this chapter.

*

Her bathroom had been dark and as she led me into it, she turned the knob to bathe the room in a soft, low amount of light. Standing there next to her and looking into the full size mirror behind the vanity and sink, I realized that I was on completely unfamiliar ground. I mean, what's the protocol when you're naked in a bathroom with your naked mother and you have to pee? I didn't have to pee when I was lying in the bed with her, but I had to go now.

Was I just supposed to go over there, lift the lid and let it go with her standing there? What if she had to go? Was I supposed to let her have the first chance? Was it ladies first in the bathroom, too? Was I supposed to give her some privacy?

Standing at the sink looking into the mirror, it was really the first time I got to see her completely naked and standing up. Her breasts weren't perfect. One seemed a little larger than the other and there was some sag to them. I'd heard that breast feeding did that. She wasn't skinny like a model, either. She was, though, still very cute and most men would give her at least a "9". To me, she was beautiful. Not just in a "face" beautiful way, but, her disposition was usually good and kind, and the color in her face and that twinkle in her eye you could see from time to time made her, at least to me, stunning, luscious and beautiful.

It hit me that she was a "real life woman". And she was naked. She didn't make any moves to hide her breasts or her pussy either, and that impressed me because I felt she was proud of who she was, and she wasn't trying to be anyone else but herself.

"Do you need to go?" She asked.

"Huh?" I replied.

She was asking if I needed to pee. I did and I told her so. "Go ahead," she said, "your father and I share the bathroom all the time." I started to step over to the toilet, but stopped when I saw her watching me in the mirror.

"What?" I asked.

"Oh, nothing." She said. "I was just thinking I might hold your, uh, you know, your penis while you go. Or, would that distract you too much?"

Actually, I wasn't sure I was capable of getting another hard-on so I told her it would be okay. She moved me over to the toilet and opened the lid, pulled the seat up and stepped to the side of me. As she reached down to hold my soft pecker in her hand, I realized this wasn't as easy as she'd made it out to be. What if I start to go and she's not aiming it right? What if I end up having a sideways pee and spray it all over her floor? It wasn't that I was getting another erection, but I couldn't pee because something just didn't feel right.

"Can't go now?" She asked.

I told her I didn't know, but, I think she knew what was going on. She told me to put my hand over hers and when I did, I adjusted my weenie with the right angle and trajectory and then I felt the flow begin. Once I started to pee, I took my hand away and let her take over. I'll be damned if she didn't start waving it around, making circles in the water below and aiming it back and forth. She started to laugh saying, "Hey, this is pretty neat. You could write your name if you wanted to." Her words cracked me up, but I had to remain still or I knew I was going to be peeing all over the room if I wasn't careful.

When I was done she took a tissue from the back of the commode and lightly dabbed my cock head and dropped it in the toilet. "I've always liked doing that." She remarked. "Was that too weird for you?"

"Not really," I answered, "It was just kinda strange at first because I was afraid you weren't aiming me right, or something."

"Hmm, I see." She said. "So, there's a special way to aim it when you pee?"

"You know what I mean, Mom," I replied, "But, I'll let you have another chance next time I need to go."

We both chuckled a little and then she told me to get out of the way so she could go. "Do you want me to leave?" I asked.

"No way!" She said as she sat down. "I bet you've never see a girl pee, have you?"

She was right. I always thought someone's bathroom duties were personal and it never once struck me that I might even want to watch someone else pee. But, she had my curiosity up now.

"When we were kids," she told me, "Your Uncle Mike used to think that a girl's pee came out of her vagina. When I told him it didn't, I think he thought I was kidding. I took him in the bathroom and sat down and showed him."

With that, she opened her legs and pulled one of my arms to guide me down on my knees in front of her. "Okay," she said, "Now watch".

She moved her hands down between her legs and opened her outer lips. As she did, she leaned back a little and it was just like a curtain opening in front of the movie screen with all her pinkness now opened up to my eyes. I could see everything now. As I looked closer, I saw a little pucker above her pussy hole. Like magic, it opened up and she started to pee.

"Can you see, Bobby?" she asked as she tried to open herself up more for me to see. All I can say is that it was amazing. I guess I thought the same as Uncle Mike did, or maybe I didn't understand female anatomy much, but when I saw that little hole open and her pee start, it was nothing short of being very cool. When she was done, the hole closed right up and sort of disappeared into her skin. "Damn," I thought, "Now, that's pretty cool.'

I handed her a tissue as she had done for me, but she shook her head and reached for the toilet paper, took off a few sheets, and used it to dab herself saying, "The tissues have dyes and perfumes that can irritate us down there," She said, "So I just try to stick with normal, white toilet paper. Learn something all the time, don't you?"

I guess she was right about that. She stood up, lowered the seat and lid, flushed the toilet and asked "So, what did you think about watching me pee?" I told her I didn't know which I liked more, having a nice clear view of her opened up, or getting a close lesson of how girls pee. "Well, you can look all you want after we get some rest. Come on," she said, "let's try to get done in here so we can get a little sleep."

She turned on the hot water at the sink and handed me a washcloth. Taking it, I started to move it up to my face, but she stopped me. "That's for your wee-wee, sweetheart." She said. "You're going to have to learn to keep yourself clean, baby. If you don't wipe yourself off, you'll be crusty in a few hours, and you don't want that, do you?"

She took the washcloth from me and reached down to cradle my penis in her hand. With her other hand, she wrapped the warm washcloth around it and started to wash me. She got down in front of me and looking up and smiling, continued to wash my poor spent cock. "I'm glad you settled down a bit. I was beginning to wonder if you had some kind of terminal erection disorder." She joked.

When she was finished washing my cock, she told me to go into my bathroom and brush my teeth and meet her back in the bed. On my way out of the bathroom, I turned to see her drop the washcloth in the warm water, I assume to rinse the washcloth so she could wipe herself off. I found my toothbrush and brushed my teeth as quickly as I could and went back into her room. Since she wasn't in bed yet, I walked over to the bathroom and looked in. She was wiping her pussy with the washcloth, and as I watched, I wished to myself that I was the one washing her pussy. She looked up and saw me peeking in at her saying "You'll do just about anything to see me down there, won't you?"

Throwing the washcloth in the sink, she said "All fresh again. See?" She turned toward me and pulled her lips open with her fingers. My gaze went straight to her pussy and I was stunned to see her slide her finger inside her vagina. I watched in fascination as she repeatedly sunk her finger all the way into herself, pulling it out and then pushing it back in. "Baby," she said, "I love the fact that you're so interested in looking at me, but, if you're going to go 'ga-ga' every time you see a vagina, you're going to be in serious trouble when you get a girlfriend who will let you see hers. I hope you learn to not be so obvious."

Telling me to go back to the bed, I heard her turn on the water again and brush her teeth. After a minute, she turned off the bathroom light, walked back into the bedroom and got into the bed. "Turn over," she said, "I want to lay behind you for a few minutes."

Turning over as she asked, I felt her scoot up behind me. I could feel the warmth of her body lying right up against me and I felt good about that, like she needed me and that I was pleasing her. Content and cozy with my mother, I closed my eyes and before I knew it, I drifted off to sleep.

I woke up about 9:30 to find her still sleeping soundly next to me. What a beauty she was, too. I couldn't help but think how lucky my dad must feel every day waking up next to her, having her lying right next to him just begging to be touched and caressed. That thought caused me to turn my attention to my morning erection, a glorious thing that seemed to happen each morning since I was about twelve years old. Most days, I would take a hold of it and give myself a nice morning stroke, but, I didn't want to wake her and I just knew that if I started to stroke it, I would end up shaking the bed. So, I just laid there, looking at her and thinking about all the things we had done and what else we were going to do. We had a full nine hours before my sister and dad returned, and even though that really wasn't a long time, my head was full of things to discover.

It wasn't until about ten o'clock that I saw her looking back at me. I don't know how long she had been awake, but, the smile that started to curl up from the corners of her mouth was nice to see. At least she didn't show any regret about anything and I was happy about that.

"Come here." She said, opening her arms out to me. As I scooted over next to her warm chest, she pulled me into a nice warm hug. Feeling my morning erection poke into her belly she said "Oh, well good morning to you too, sweetheart!"

"And what is it that's got you so excited?" She asked.

"Oh, nothing in particular." I answered and then proceeded to tell her how I woke up in an excited state and then watched her sleep for a while, admiring her as she snoozed. Looking past her, I saw the panties she'd worn last night on the corner of the bed above her pillow. Seeing my stare, she turned to see what I was looking at. "Ah." She said. "I see what it is now."

Reaching behind her, she snatched the dry panties and held them in the air between us. Even from a foot away, I could swear I smelled her scent on them. As she twirled her delicate undies in front of me, my cock twitched and swelled. She started to swing them back and forth very slowly as she held them between her thumb and first finger. "You're getting sleepy.... Sleepy.... Sleepy." She chanted.

It took a minute, but, I finally got the joke and laughed with her. She broke into one of her hearty laughs and then in one fell swoop, held the panties under my nose and said "Here, you can have these for a while."

When I reached up to take them out of her hands, she turned over towards her night stand and took something from there. "Roll over," she said, "there's something I've been dying to do."

I didn't argue, or even think about it. Her panties were intoxicating me and I was completely lost in the moment with them, holding them to my nose and inhaling deeply. When I had rolled over onto my stomach, she told me to lift my chest up and when I did, she placed two pillows under me. "Up on your knees now, baby." She urged. I looked at her with a puzzling look but she ignored me and told me to just lay my head and chest down on the pillows and stick my rump up.

"You go back to what you were doing," she said, "but don't even think about touching yourself." She shoved the panties next to my nose and I settled into the pillows with my head turned to the side in a comfortable position where I could continue to sniff them. I felt her move behind me and position herself between my legs. The next thing I felt made me jump.

She stretched out her hands, one cupping my balls and one stroking my cock from between my legs. "No talking now." She told me. After a few minutes of very slow and methodical stroking and touching, her touch left me. I heard a 'snap', and then shortly after I felt her cool slippery finger again on my bottom. As soon as I felt her there, I got a vision in my mind of how I must look. I was naked, my chest propped up on two pillows with my ass in the air and my mom was between my legs. I cursed and prayed for what I hoped would happen next.

Her hand grasped my cock tightly just before her lubricated finger began to enter me. As her finger went in, my cock flexed and lurched in her hand uncontrollably. "You know you're at my mercy now, don't you, sweetheart?" She asked.

When I started to say something, she pulled her finger out of my butt and let go of my cock. "Bad boy," she said, "Didn't I say no talking?" I immediately shut up and pulled her panties back to my nose. Again, I felt her grasp my cock tightly and then reinsert her finger into my bottom. As before, my cock lurched. She stroked me a few times and then stopped her ministrations, but still gripped me tightly.

"We're going to try a little experiment." She said. "You're going to lay there and I'm going to massage you back here and see if I can make you cum." I started to say something again, and as soon as I spoke my first word, she let go of my cock and pulled her finger swiftly out of my butt. All I wanted to do was tell her "Okay", but she didn't care -- she told me not to talk.

"Baby, you just don't get it, do you?" She said. "No talking means no talking. I'm in control here, sweetheart. This is your punishment for peeking at your dad and I that night. Just be quiet and take it like a man." She giggled.

I remember thinking that if this was punishment, I was definitely going to be bad again and again. "You need a little more lube back here, though," she said to herself, just loud enough for me to hear, "if I'm going to get two fingers in you."

With that, I felt her put more lube on my bottom and poke her finger into me a few times. Finally, I felt her grasp my cock again and slip her finger into my now super lubed hole. Just as before, my cock jumped as she entered me. A second later, I felt her slip another finger in me and slide both fingers all the way into my ass. At that point, I wanted nothing more than to just let her take me. I relaxed my chest and sunk into the pillows. Moving her panties to my mouth, I began to suck on the gusset of her panties as I had done a few hours earlier, trying to extract the dried juices from the cotton panel.

My butt muscles relaxed and she praised me saying "That's right, Bobby, just give in and suck mommy's panties while I rub that magic little spot inside you. I promise you will love this if you just give in to it. Trust me, you won't believe how nice this is going to feel."

"Oh gawd, yes!" My mind screamed. She didn't have to convince me one bit. This was nice, so nice. She had two fingers in my ass and I could feel her gently pushing and rubbing me. I was able to relax my hips and butt more and when I did, her fingers sank into me deeper.

Somewhere along the way, she moved her hand to the tip of my cock and held my cock head in the palm of her hand, squeezing me in a rhythm that matched the pressure she was applying in my ass. As I sucked her panties, she said "Baby, I didn't tell you this last night because you had your mind set on sniffing and licking those panties, but, they were soaked with your father's cum when I took them off. I just didn't have the heart to tell you. I hope you can forgive me for that."

Her words only heightened my excitement and I sucked her saturated panties with more determination than ever. She had taught me her lesson well about not talking -- maybe that's why she picked this exact moment to tell me about her cum soaked panties, but again, it didn't matter -- nothing mattered -- not right now anyway. All I wanted her to do was keep doing what she was doing. It felt that good.

I didn't realize it, but my cock was leaking precum profusely and I guess it had been for a while. Her hand, cupping the head of my cock, was slipping all over my knob and it felt like she was massaging my cock head and just around the sensitive crown as she continued to rub my prostrate.

Whatever it was that overtook me came on so fast that I didn't even recognize what it was when it happened. All of a sudden, I felt a huge rush of cum flow out of my cock and into her hand. It seemed to go on a long time and while it poured out of me, she was saying "That's it baby, just let it go."

It didn't feel like a normal orgasm -- the kind I was used to. But it was good, just as she said it would be. I felt the cum pumping out of me in a stream as my bottom contracted down on her massaging fingers. It was deep and animalistic and I loved it. "This," I thought, "is what my dad was feeling that night."

She must have milked me for a good sixty seconds before I felt the feeling subside and her fingers slide out of my ass. I let out a deep breath and then took another one in. What a feeling it was and I basked in the glow of my release as she took the panties away from my face so I could breathe better.

After I was able to catch my breath, I turned my head to look back as her. She was still sitting behind me, but she was sitting back on her heels licking the fingers of her hand that caught my seepage. I lifted myself up to watch her and that's when I saw her other hand between her legs rubbing her pussy up and down.

She didn't stop as I adjusted myself better to watch her. Instead, she put her cum soaked hand down to her crotch and, holding her self open with her right hand, used her left hand, dripping with my cum, to resume her masturbation. She looked right at me and opened her legs more for me to see. The sight of her masturbating was mesmerizing and she stared right at me, never once looking away -- meeting my stares eye to eye.

Her pussy was saturated with a mixture of my cum and her juices and the only thing I could think about was getting my face down there closer so I could watch. And without wasting another moment, I turned myself around and laid down so I could see what she was doing. She had other plans, though. Once I was lying down again, she got up on her knees, pushed me over onto my back and straddled my face - bringing her pussy down on my mouth.

I tasted the mixture of her lubrication and my cum as she settled herself above my face. She didn't smother me, but I think I would describe it more as she hovered her pussy over my face so I was able to lick and nibble her, which I gladly did.

As I licked, I felt her fingers and I knew she was touching her pussy while I ate her. "Oh, yes, baby," she said, "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum now."

She froze as she hovered over me and then she shook, her body convulsing in time with her swaying breasts. It was nothing short of spectacular to have a pussy-eyed view of her as she came. When her climax was over, she slumped forward onto her hands and knees and pulled her leg over me and collapsed on the bed.

"Baby," she said once she caught her breath, "you're a fast learner and you're going to make some girl a very happy woman one day."

Neither one of us said anything for a few minutes. Once she had regained her composure, she turned to me and said "So, did you enjoy your 'punishment'?"

I stopped myself from saying what I really wanted to say. Instead, I only nodded my head up and down. "Then, on a scale from one to ten, how would you rate it?" She asked. 

As calm as I could, I said "Eleven."

She burst out laughing and rolled onto her back. Her hands went to her breasts and she tugged on her nipples for a few seconds and then turned back to me. "Well," she said, "For someone that's still a virgin, that's quite a statement. But, you know, I only did that so you would know what that feels like for a man."

"It was nice, Mom." I said. "I don't know what that says about me, but, it was nice and I can see how dad, or anyone, might like it."

"A woman, too, Bobby." She said.

The instant she said that, I remembered the feverish look on her face as my dad pumped his cock into her ass when I watched them. She wasn't grimacing at all, she was giving in to it and she enjoyed it. Yes, I could very well understand how either a man or a woman would like it.

"Let's take a shower," she said, "and then you can pick out something for me to wear and I'll pick out something for you to wear. After breakfast, we can talk for a while and see what other mischief you can get into. Come on."

She got up out of the bed and walked into the bathroom. I heard the shower turn on. "Come on, sweetheart, it's time for mommy to wash you up." She called.

I had to smile at that -- it was the exact words she used years ago when it was my bath time. She would usually have to chase me around the house, then herd me into the bathroom and close the door behind her so I wouldn't escape to freedom down the hallway. It was a game we used to play. She always won and I always got my bath.

Walking into the bathroom, I saw her briefly as she slipped into the shower. I closed the door behind me and stood in front of the frosted glass doors of the shower and looked in. I was startled when one of them slid past me and she grabbed me in and pulled me in with her. Standing under the water, she turned me around and hugged me from the back. I felt her boobs crush into my back and her pussy mound push into my butt. "You have such a delectable body, Bobby." She whispered in my ear. "So young and tight and hard." Her hand moved in front of me and found my cock. It wasn't hard, but it felt good with her holding it. "You don't know how badly I want to be your first, baby. To let you push this way up inside me -- to be the one to take you all the way."

In the matter of a few sentences, she had me hard as a rock. The relaxing hot water, as it rushed down my body, coupled with her confession of lust, drove all the available blood in my body in to my penis and I was hard as steel.

She reached past me and picked up the bar of soap from the tray in the shower wall. Dropping her hands back down in front of me, she soaped my cock, holding my balls softly in her left hand as her right hand washed me. She stroked the length of my rod, going from one end to the other and circling around my cock head.

Reaching up, she adjusted the shower head so it sprayed against the wall and then she turned me around. "Wash my back, baby. You've got to learn how to pamper a woman. We love to be pampered, you know." She said.

Taking the soap from her, I began to rub it between my hands, building up some lather. In turn, she turned around so her back was facing me. Placing her hands on the shower wall opposite her, she scooted her feet back and spread them a little. "Okay, I'm ready." She said.

I stepped to the side of her and began washing her back with my soapy hands. All over her back I washed, and then her sides. Her breasts looked so lonely hanging there and I couldn't help but reach out for them, gently soaping them up. Each of my hands lingered on one of her breasts as the other hand washed her stomach and arms.

Moving back behind her, I tentatively looked at the cheeks of her bottom, wondering if I should wash there, too. "Go ahead," she said, "I need to be washed everywhere. Pamper me, sweetheart.... Pamper me."

Placing my hands on her butt cheeks, I started to soap her up. Needing more lather, I rubbed the soap between my hands again to work up a handful of suds and then started washing her again. When my hand finally went down into her butt crack, she shuffled her feet apart wider and said "Oh yeah, I need to be pampered right there."

I admit, I was afraid at first to touch my mother there -- between her butt cheeks, right on her hole. I tested her reaction by lightly passing my fingers over her. I don't know if I expected her to pull away from me, or what, but I was surprised when she didn't move. Again, I ran my fingers between her cheeks, this time slower and lingered a few seconds directly touching her. When she still didn't move, I put a tiny bit of pressure on her hole, gently washing her anus. "Now that's what I call pampering." She said. "Use some more soap, sweetheart. A lot more soap."

I lathered up my hands again and put my finger at her anal opening and pushed in a fraction of an inch and then pulled my finger back out. "Oh, yes," she moaned, "now you're catching on."

Again, I pressed my soapy finger into her anus and it easily slid into her. She trembled as I felt the semi-tightness of her warm bottom clamp down on my finger. Pulling it out, I soaped it up even more and slid it back into her. She shuffled her feel apart again and I easily stood up behind her now, my finger in her ass and my hardon pointing to the sky. "Are you still hard?" She asked.

"Oh, yes," I answered, "Very hard."

"Hmm, soap your cock up," she replied, "get it all nice and hard and soapy."

I was wanking myself into a nice set of suds when I felt her hand reach back and grasp me. As she took my swollen member in her hand she muttered "Step toward me, sweetheart, you're too far back."

I took a step forward, but it wasn't enough to suit her and she told me to move forward some more. I was almost right up against her bottom when she said "Right there, baby."

Then, I couldn't believe it when she moved my hard cock between her cheeks and rubbed my cock on her hole. "Come on, baby," she said, "Don't make me wait. I told you I was ready, didn't I?"

When I didn't say or do anything, she grasped my cock in her grip and placed the head of my cock against her anus and pushed back.

HOLY SHIT! My cock sank into her at least three or four inches.

"Mom! What are your doing?" I yelled.

"Baby, if you don't know what I'm doing, then somewhere in the last two days I've failed miserably." She answered.

"But you said no intercourse!" I reminded her.

"You're in my butt, sweetheart, not in my vagina. I said no 'vaginal intercourse', remember? I didn't say anything about anal sex did I?" She replied. "Now, slowly at first..... real easy..... back and forth and push in a little deeper each time."

Gawd! I was doing it. I was fucking. I was fucking a female. I was fucking my mother! My cock was in her ass and I was really fucking. I was so caught up in it that I couldn't think straight. My cock was finally inside a female's body. Holy shit! I was fucking!

Then all of a sudden, I felt it start to happen -- that build up and pressure that happens right before you cum. It came up on me so fast, I didn't even have time to slow down -- it's like I was going to spontaneously erupt with no warning. "OH FUCK!" My mind screamed out "NO! NOT YET!"

I even stopped moving -- I froze - hoping that would cause the feeling to lessen, but it didn't. I hadn't been in her more than thirty or forty five seconds! I felt powerless and I couldn't stop it. I knew I was a goner. Damn!

I started pumping into her again, even though I knew I was just seconds away from cumming. "You're going to cum now, aren't you?" She asked.

Before I could answer, my cock exploded. Her ass squeezed down on me as I started to ejaculate into her bottom. "Oh, baby." She said. "I can feel you throbbing in me. Come on baby, fuck me, don't stop."

She was pushing back into me, urging me to pump her, but, I couldn't. Hell, I could barely stand -- coupled together with her and my cock unloading into her ass -- I was hardly coherent as it was, and there was just no way I was going to be able to do anything other than to stand there and let the involuntary contractions of my cock finish.

She didn't say anything more and I stood behind her, looking down at my soapy cock as it twitched and trembled inside her bottom. Finally spent, she pulled away from me and immediately turned to hug me, pinning my softening, soapy cock between us. I could only stand there, my head thrown back and feeling high headed like I was. She held me tightly, and I felt her kiss my neck, sweetly.

Turning me so I could lean against the shower wall, I felt her hands on my face as I opened my eyes. She was looking at me and smiling. "Are you okay?" She asked.

My cock was still jerking with the after effects of the massive explosion I must have had deep in her. I could only nod my head up and down. Yes, I was fine. I was more than fine. I felt complete. I felt like a man.

End of chapter 7. Next: Bobby and Mommy have some panty fun, talking and masturbating together.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 08
byPro_Ball_Player©

Authors note: Unfortunately, as I wrote chapter 8, it ended up being way too long (in my opinion) to post as one chapter. Therefore, I'm splitting it up into two parts which will end up being chapter 8 and chapter 9. As always, I appreciate your comments and emails. Many of your style suggestions have been accepted and I want to thank those of you that have sent me your own personal accounts similar to what these chapters hold. Some of them are absolutely breathtaking.

When my senses came back to me, the first thing I recognized was the sound of the shower. It seemed, perhaps, like I had been floating above the shower stall, experiencing an out of body experience as I watched myself make love to my mother's lovely bottom. I blocked out any thoughts that I had buried my cock in her 'ass' or her 'butt'. Those words seemed to be such a cheap and despicable way to refer to the way I had made love to her. There was no doubt in my mind that we had 'made love', although it wasn't exactly how I expected my first time to be, by any means.

In my mind, I had always seen my first time as an experience where I was humping wildly, sweating profusely in the back seat of a car while I was plowing in and out of some cute, young girl's pussy – making her moan out of her mind for a good thirty minutes, telling me what a stud I was and how good I was before I popped my cork, sending her into a never ending orgasm due to my sexual prowess.

But, this wasn't at all expected. Setting the 'cute young pussy' stuff aside, I didn't last but a few short seconds inside my mother's bottom and that bothered me. It bothered me a lot. "Not really much of a man, are you?" I thought. With my eyes shut tightly to avoid the embarrassment of having to face her, I faced the reality that I wasn't much of a man at all.... just an inexperienced boy.

The warm water felt good as it beat down on me. It was soothing, in a transcendental way, allowing me to displace my shame and replace it with the continual sound of running water. Mom had moved the shower head to a position where the water was cascading down my chest, but I didn't feel it at first. I was still ashamed of my short performance and as I dwelled on it, I became deeper and deeper embarrassed of it.

At some point, I felt her handling my cock. Looking down, there she was on her knees before me, both her hands gently washing my cock and balls. She was extremely careful with me, knowing my cock head was still sensitive so soon after cumming. After she lathered me up with her special soap, she stood and turned the shower head toward my midsection and rinsed me. "Almost done." She whispered. Her smile was warm and gracious, just like it had been in the laundry room when she cleaned my cock after I masturbated in front of her. She seemed happy to be pampering me.

Once I was rinsed, she got down in front of me again and washed me one more time. As she did so, she said "Baby, you have to make sure you wash up well after any kind of anal activity. It not only will make you feel better, but, your girlfriend or wife will appreciate it, too, because it will lessen the chances of infections for her. As long as you are safe and have good hygiene, anal play can be fun and exciting for both of you."

She stood and rinsed me again. "There you go, sweetheart, all clean and ready to go again." She said. She adjusted the spray and moved me into the water so that she could rinse my face. The thing that struck me in that instant wasn't the fact that I was naked in the shower with my mother, or that I had just lost my virginity in her lovely bottom, but, it was her touch. She was gentle and soft. When she laid her hands on me, it wasn't rough or sudden, it was graceful. And when she grasped my arm to move me, her grasp was light and loving. I was sure I didn't deserve her tenderness – at least not now.

"I'm sorry." I said.

"For what?" She answered.

"You know," I mumbled, "I, uh.... I came pretty fast."

"Baby, do you think I didn't enjoy it?" She asked.

"Come on, Mom," I continued, "Remember, I saw you and dad like that? He must have lasted at least ten minutes. I probably lasted five seconds."

"Oh, sweetheart," she said as she put her hands on my cheeks and looked at me seriously, "you're being way too hard on yourself. It was your first time, baby – what did you expect? It's a lot tighter than your hand, honey. You didn't know what it was going to feel like and I've had you so wound up for the last twenty four hours, I'm just surprised you didn't finish before you had a chance to get inside. Baby, you did just fine and I'll always cherish the way you felt in me. Besides," she continued, "I take it as a huge compliment that I turned you on so much that you erupted so fast."

"We're just going to have to work on your staying power, that's all." She added. "Trust me, now that you know what to expect it will be much better next time. You'll see."

"Next time?" I asked.

"Uh huh." She nodded.

I paused for a moment and then asked "You mean with you?"

"Well," she answered as a small smile came across her lips, "I thought we might have another go at it later. That is..... if you want to."

My face broke out in a huge smile. I felt so much better now, and of course, she was right. I'd never been as sexually excited as I had been the last two days and the feeling of being inside the warmth and tightness of her bottom completely overtook me so fast that I couldn't control it at all. Hell, I was a goner as soon as I got insider her!

"My," she continued, as she turned herself into the warm spray, "I think this is just about the longest amount of time you've gone without an erection in the last two days."

"Yeah, but there's not much I can do about that, Mom," I replied, "It's not like I can just turn it off, you know."

"Oh," she corrected me, "listen, I'm not complaining at all, Bobby. You have no idea how much fun it's been for me to have this time with you, and do all these things and to see your physical reaction. As far as I'm concerned, you can just keep getting as hard as you want any time you like. Believe me, it's flattering, and honestly, I like knowing that I'm the one that is making you hard. It makes me feel young and special and, well.... important."

She was so right. There was no doubt about it. I remember the feeling in my own heart before we went back to sleep earlier this morning – after I licked and sucked her to orgasm. All I wanted to do was give her pleasure, and that desire on my part didn't have any selfish motives. I just wanted to be the one to excite her and to take her to the end. And when it was over, I remember how proud I was and how it felt to give something back to her. So, yeah, I knew what she was talking about. Damn, too bad she's not eighteen and not my mother. I could easily fall in love with this woman and marry her myself.

Her shampoo smelled heavenly. As she turned her back into the water and faced me, I watched her breasts jiggle as her hands worked the orange smelling shampoo into a heap of suds on top of her head. I seriously loved that smell – the smell of her shampoo. I could smell it all around her after she washed her hair, and sometimes the smell would fill her bedroom for hours. It was just more of her beauty, grace and style that I had always took for granted.

Without asking, my hands reached up and took hold of her nipples. Pressed between my thumb and forefinger, I teasingly held them. She has nice sized nipples, about the size of the end of my pinky finger and they stuck out about half an inch. I felt them harden as I tweaked them, but she didn't say anything, and neither did I, but after a minute she broke into an abbreviated, teasing smile. I began to roll them between my fingers and her smile diminished and she closed her eyes as her hands continued to work the shampoo in her hair. Reaching down with one hand, I pressed my fingers to her labia. At first, I was only going to lightly stroke her clit while she finished her hair, but once my fingers found their way to the opening of her vagina, I found it literally flooded with her lubricating juices.

Her pussy wasn't juicy with water, and it wasn't soap. Her wetness was the exact same consistency as I felt when I played with her nipples before. Her vagina was hot and slippery. I was turning her on again.

As my finger slid into her, she murmured "No" and pulled my hand back up to her breast. "Right here, baby," she said, "just like you did in your room yesterday. Just hold and pinch my nipples a little. There's no need to rush, sweetheart. Take your time.... a woman likes to be touched and caressed. Don't feel like you have to immediately go for the pussy."

"Here's a secret," she whispered, "believe it or not, when you touch my nipples a certain way, I can feel it in my vagina. It makes me really wet, too."

And so I did exactly as she asked; I rolled and pinched her nipples in rhythm, every now and then pinching them just a tad harder. "Oooh, that's nice. Let me turn around, baby," she asked, "I need to rinse". Letting loose of her nipples, she turned around, reached for my hands and put them back on her nipples. Not surprisingly, my cock went from soft to hard and as I moved closer to her while she rinsed her hair. My cock settled vertically in the crease of her bottom and I rubbed against her lightly since the soap made everything so slippery.

Once her hair was rinsed, she moved the shower spray out of the way and leaned herself forward, holding her body away from the wall with her arms and pushing her pussy back to me. In an almost silent voice which I barely heard she uttered "Go ahead, sweetheart. It's okay."

Instantly, I knew exactly what she meant. But, I also knew what she was asking for was a mistake, at least for now. I just couldn't see myself taking advantage of her heated condition, and I didn't want her to feel guilty later. So, I ignored her plea and whispered back to her by name, something I hadn't ever done in my whole life, saying "Sherri, I love you, but I know you'll regret it later."

"Do you have any idea how much I want to feel you inside me right now?" She questioned.

"About as much as I want to feel you around me." I answered. And it was true. I was longing to slide my young hardness into her vagina. I wouldn't even need to move it in and out – I would be satisfied just to be inside her and hold it in her as long as she would allow it, but I knew it was dangerous to even think it. "Just let yourself go right now, Sherri," I said, "let me make you come again."

I continued my playful tweaking of her nipples as her head bowed down into a relaxed position as she remained propped against the wall. All the while, we were rubbing against each other - my cock sliding up and down in the crack between her ass cheeks. She started to make some low cooing sounds and I took that as a sign that her climax was approaching. I increased the pressure of my nipple pinching and it seemed to push her further and further, closer and closer. It wasn't long before the signs of her orgasm were unmistakable because she started to tremble and shake as I had seen her do before. Then, she let out a moan and thrust her head up saying "Oh, yes... yes... yes!"

I held onto her as she climaxed, pulling her away from the wall and hugging her from behind until I knew she was calming down. As I hugged her, I stroked her breasts and chest, down to her stomach and then settled my arms around her in a light bear hug. I wanted her to feel me holding and caring for her the same way she held and cared for me.

When she turned around, I could see her eyes were teary. Even though we were in the shower, I could tell she was about to cry. "What's wrong?" I asked.

"You've never called me by my name before." She replied. "It just took my breath away, and for a minute, I imagined you as my lover. The only thing I wanted is to feel you inside me. You don't know how close I came to begging you...."

"I know," I said, "believe me, I know and I felt it, too, but you know you would regret it later."

She sighed and nodded her head. "I know you're right, baby. I guess it's a good thing one of us kept a cool head. Thanks for being the strong one, sweetheart, and you know.... I love you, too."

We melted into one another's arms and kissed deeply, mingling our lips and tongues until it was clear we were getting heated up again. As our kiss ended, she looked at me, her eyes now clear and bright, saying "Okay, we better get done or all the hot water will be gone. Why don't you get out, dry off and find something sweet and sexy for me to wear while I put some conditioner in my hair. I'll be done soon."

Reaching over to glass door of the shower, she opened it and ushered me out. Grabbing a towel off the rack, I dried myself in the over steamed bathroom. When I was dry, I asked "What do you want to wear?"

"Look in that drawer were my panties are and the drawer below it. Pick out anything you like," she said, "it's your choice, sweetheart.... surprise me. Pick out some panties you like and I'll wear them just for you while we're home together today. But don't forget, I get to pick something out for you to wear, too."

When I heard her say the word 'panties', it caused my cock to jump. I know it's just a word to describe a woman's underpants, but, I knew she selected her words just for the sheer erotic effect she knew it would have on my cock. And it worked. All she had to do was say the word and I was hard in an instant.

Hanging up my towel and leaving the bathroom, I went to her chest of drawers and opened the top drawer. It was filled almost to the top with delicate panties in a rainbow of colors, all neatly folded – one pair on top of another. My mind drifted for a few minutes while I looked at all her silky things and wondered how I would look dressed in each one. I immediately passed over the ones that were brightly colored. Somehow they didn't interest me. I passed over the cotton panties, too. I was looking for something soft and silky – something my hands would enjoy touching and stroking while she wore them.

I found the perfect pair for her..... uh, for me..... no, I mean for her. They were bikini style; white, and felt smooth and silky as I examined them. There was a cotton crotch panel which is an important requirement, I discovered, especially if one was going to use the panties for a prurient purpose after they were worn. In my mind, I saw her wearing them all day for me, allowing me to touch them however and whenever I wanted. I could see her sitting with her knees pulled up as we sat and talked, openly displaying her softly covered vagina to me, or even touching herself in them while I looked at her. These were perfect panties – absolutely perfect in every way.

Stepping back from the drawer, I wasn't surprised to find myself hard again – it just seemed right and normal for that to happen. I drifted into a brief day dream thinking about how I would help her put them on. How I would kneel before her and hold her panties out for her to step into and how I would take my time pulling them up her shapely legs and feeling them all over to ensure I had obtained the correct fit.

My enjoyable daydream was prematurely ended as I heard the water shut off in the bathroom. Thinking I needed to hurry, I opened the drawer under her panty drawer and found a sea of folded silky things. Slips and camisoles and silky tops – I knew there was going to be something in here that would match the panties I selected – but I wanted something that wouldn't obstruct my view or access to her panties as well as offer me a clear view of her breasts and nipples. Something soft. Something sexy and feminine. Something to flatter her and make her feel beautiful.

Down on the right side of the drawer I found exactly what I was looking for. I'm not sure what it was, but it was light and sheer. It was gathered with an elastic band under her breasts, and flared out with a ruffle to about waist length. I guessed it was a silky top – maybe a pajama top, and the color matched the panties exactly.

As I closed the drawer, the silkiness of the top was overwhelming and without thinking, I dangled it loosely over my hard cock. The feeling of the silky material sliding over my cock was unbelievable and I couldn't stop my hand as it wrapped around my cock. I was enjoying a brief interlude stroking myself when she opened the bathroom door and peeked her wet head out.

"Sweetheart," she said, pointing to the silky item wrapped around my cock, "is that for me, or you?"

I was so busted. Here I was, holding a pair of my mother's panties in one hand, standing in front of her chest of drawers, naked, with some other piece of her clothing wrapped around my cock and enjoying the feeling of it sliding up and down my rod way too much when she catches me. I turned red in the face and thought about how I was going to answer her.

"Uh, mom," I started, "I was just trying to find something for you to wear and I got turned on looking through all your things. I didn't even realize I was, you know.... doing this..."

"Baby, it's okay," she answered, "I told you before you could wear any of my things anytime you wanted to, but, if you're going to masturbate, I'd really like you to hold off until I can watch. Can you wait a few more minutes until I'm done in here so I can see, too?"

"Mom, really," I said, "I wasn't going to masturbate." Then I realized how it must look. I was stroking myself when she saw me and naturally, she simply assumed I was masturbating again. "I was just thinking how this was going to look on you and kind of lost track of what I was doing." I added.

"Oh, sure. That's a likely story," she said with a knowing smile, "I better keep the door open so I can watch you." She smiled, shook her finger at me and added "Boys will be boys."

As she turned back into the bathroom, I watched her sensually look back over her shoulder and motion for me to come to her. I laid her outfit on the bed and walked back into the bathroom. Standing next to her, she reached out to grasp my erection and smiled at me. "I love seeing you hard and excited like this, Bobby," she whispered, "I can't put it into words better than that. I wish I could keep you like this after they come home. Boy, that would really surprise them, wouldn't it?"

"Shock is probably a better word." I answered.

"Be honest with me, though, would you, sweetheart?" She asked as she caressed my erection in her hand. "Would you really mind so much if someone else saw this marvelous penis?"

"Come on, mom. Get real." I answered.

"No, baby, I am being real." She said. "You forget that I grew up with a boy exhibitionist, remember... your Uncle Mike. And just like him, you like wearing panties and you like masturbating and I bet just the thought of someone seeing you in those panties, naked or masturbating sends an electric charge through you big enough to almost make you cum. Am I right?"

I didn't say anything. What the hell could I say? She had me. I don't think she was trying to be condescending or cruel, I think she was simply stating the facts as she knew it. The tone of her voice was conversational, she wasn't lecturing or scolding me at all.

"Never mind," she said, "I know the answer to that. I'm wasn't trying to embarrass you or put you on the spot. It's just kind of exciting to fantasize about all that." She reached up to kiss my cheek, gave my cock a quick stroke and then reached over to the towel rack and took a towel from it. Bending over at the waist, she let her wet hair drop down so it was hanging below her and then quicker than I could comprehend, she had that towel wrapped around her hair and tucked into a tight wrap like she had done it thousands of times before.

Reaching for another towel, she spoke to me quite 'matter of factly' as she dried herself off. She wasn't even looking at me when she asked "Sweetheart, what if I could arrange it so someone could see you? Would you like that?"

"That's pretty weird, mom." I replied.

"Come on, Bobby, just play along with me here. It's just you and I, no one is listening, no one is judging you." She added. "How about this.... let's play a little game. I'll ask you a question and you answer 'yes' or 'no' truthfully, okay? Then, you can ask me a question and I'll answer truthfully, too. Is that a deal?"

Before she even finished her proposal, I already knew I was going to agree. Plus, the chance to ask her some questions was the icing on the cake. "Okay," I answered, "but they have to be 'yes' or 'no' questions and no matter what the questions, we both have to answer truthfully."

She was wiping the mirror down as she casually replied, "That's fine with me. We'll trade off...... first I'll ask a question and then you can have your turn."

I didn't know what I was in for, but the chance to ask her some questions knowing full well that she had to answer them was going to be fun, at least for me.

"Okay, well, let's see," she started, "okay, back to what we were talking about before, I guess. If I could arrange a safe situation where someone could see you naked, would you want me to do that?"

Damn. Nothing like going right for jugular, I thought. Still, though, two can play at this game so I answered her. "Yes." I said. She seemed please as she glanced into the mirror and smiled at me.

Now my turn. "Have you and Uncle Mike had anal, oral and vaginal sex?" I asked.

"Yes." She answered. I was dumbfounded at the quickness of her answer and it brought a lot of other questions to mind that I was going to ask. It was her turn now.

"Hmm," she murmured, "What if I could arrange a safe situation where someone could see you masturbating, would you like that?"

"Yes." I said. She didn't seem to show any shock – just a little smile as she hung up the towel now that she was dry. Then she turned and started straightening out all the things on the counter as I asked "Does dad know about you and Uncle Mike?"

"Of course," she replied, "I mean 'Yes'." Looking into the mirror at my reflection, she asked "And what if I could set it up for someone to see you dressed in panties, would you let me do that?"

Mocking her, I answered "Of course... uh, I mean 'yes'." She stopped her toiling at the counter and turned to me and smiled. "You know," she said, "you're supposed to be answering truthfully."

I told her I was being truthful. This brought a smile to her face and she moved up closer to me and put both her hands on my cock, jacking me very slowly.

"Have you done anything with Uncle Mike in the last year or so?" I asked. She stopped jacking me and let go of my cock. She looked up at me and said "Okay, if we're going to ask these kinds of questions then you have to promise me that there will be no repercussions of any kind and no mention of this conversation outside the two of us. Agreed?"

I nodded my head to give my agreement and asked her "Have you done anything with him in the last year?"

She moved back toward me, this time snuggling up into my chest and whispered "Yes." She reached down without looking at me and started stroking my cock again. It was her turn to ask a question, and after a brief pause, she asked "If I wanted to feminize you a little..... maybe dress you up in a bra, panties and some girl clothes, would you let me?"

Oh, gawd! How could she ask me that? We agreed we would answer truthfully, but, if I said 'yes', what does that tell her about me, and perhaps a better question – what does that say to myself if I say 'yes'? She looked up into my eyes waiting for my answer. I could tell she knew I was conflicted on how to answer and as if to hasten my reply, she gripped my straining erection and squeezed me. "Well?" she asked.

"Yes." I answered in a quiet voice. "Oh, yes, baby," she said. "that would be so much fun and such a turn on. I could make it so good for you, sweetheart. I could make it such a good experience for you." She bent down and took my cock deeply into her mouth and sucked me for a few seconds. As she pulled her mouth off my cock she moaned "I would love to do that for you, baby. I could dress you up so cute and you would be so hard, just like you are now, and I could bend you over the bed, lift your little skirt and pull your panties down just enough to make love to your pretty little ass.... Oh! That is just so hot."

She returned to sucking me, drawing me all the way down her throat. She started to choke but drew her head up and off my cock at the last minute. She resumed her stroking as she looked up at me. "Your turn." She says.

I was almost a million miles away thinking about her dressing me up as a girl and feeling her warm mouth encircling my cock. But, I still had questions to ask.

"Have you done things with Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda together.... you know, like a three way, or anything like that?" I asked. She continued to stroke me and looking straight into my eyes she said "Yes." Her hands never left my now leaking erection. I watched as she ran her finger over the tip of my cock and pulled a drop of precum from it, then slipped it into her mouth. "Umm," she said, "you taste so sweet." She lowered her finger back to the tip of my cock and found another drop, this time raising it to my lips and holding it there. When I opened my mouth she smiled and extended her finger through my open lips. As I sucked, she whispered "Isn't that good, sweetheart? All girls need to get used to the taste of a man." I closed my eyes as I sucked her finger. Slowly, she started moving it in and out and I continued to suck. "Oh, you're going to make such a nice girl, sweetheart."

It was her turn to ask a question, but we got so caught up taking turns tasting my precum, I thought she might have lost track. She didn't, though, because she paused and reached down to cradle my balls, and asked "Do you think you would enjoy being submissive to a woman, Bobby? Sexually, I mean. You know, letting her take control and you doing whatever she says?"

I was stumped. Truthfully, I had heard about things like submissive and dominant sexual behavior, but I hadn't given it much thought as it related to me. After all, until yesterday I was just a panty thief, panty sniffer and chronic masturbator. "I, uh..... I'm not sure what you mean." I answered. "You mean like that BDSM stuff?"

She smiled and shook her head 'no'. "No, not really baby," she answered, "DBSM stands for 'Discipline', 'Bondage' and 'Sadomasochism'. What I'm talking about is when you become submissive to someone else, like you're giving up control to someone else and they make you do things or make decisions for you. Typically, the dominant one is someone the submissive person completely trusts to make sure the're safe and cared for. That way the submissive one doesn't get emotionally or physically hurt. For example, that could be someone like me because you know there's no way I would ever let anything or anyone hurt you. Do you understand now, baby?"

"So," I asked, "are you asking me if I would enjoy being sexually submissive to you?"

"Yes, sort of," she said, "but to be specific, I think what I meant to ask was if you would enjoy being sexually submissive to a female that you knew and trusted - someone you were comfortable with. That might include me.... or maybe Aunt Brenda... and maybe other women, too."

She left me with that thought as she bent down and took my cock in her mouth again and started bobbing up and down on it. I wasn't sure if she was waiting for an answer or not because she was sucking me really good and stroking my cock up and down as she sucked. After a short time when I didn't answer, she stopped and let go of me altogether. "Yes or no, baby? It's not that hard of a question. Either you would enjoy it, or you wouldn't? Which one is it?" She asked.

"Yes," I answered, "as long as it was someone I knew I could trust and especially if it was you, mom. I know you love me, so I could put myself completely in your hands and do whatever you asked of me."

"Oh, that's so sweet, Bobby, and I'm going to remember that." She replied. "That's such a powerful statement about how much you trust me, too. I promise I'll never make you regret telling me that." Her hands went back to my cock and she started jacking me again. Without letting another moment drift by, I took my turn and asked "Have you and dad done things together with Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda, like swapping or group sex?"

"Bobby," she answered, "that's really an unfair question to ask because it concerns your father. But, I'll answer it like this: Since I married your father, I've never, and I mean never ever done anything with your Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda that your father didn't know about. Now you can either accept that as your answer or rephrase your question and ask it again."

I chose to rephrase the question and since she already told me that she's only had two different cocks in her, I worded it in such a way that I would get the answer to my original question. "Okay, then," I said, "has Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda done any wife swapping or group sex that involved you in the last year?"

She looked at me with a scowl. Placing her hands on her hips and cocking an eyebrow she replied "I bet you think you're pretty smart, huh? Phrasing it like that doesn't change the question to me much, does it? But, okay, since I see you're not going to drop it, I'll answer you, but be careful of what you ask from now on."

"Yes," she continued, "they have done wife swapping or group sex that involved me. Now, that's all I expect to hear about that." She moved back next to me and put her hands on my chest and started to tweak around the outside of my nipples. Then, widening the spread of her fingers, squeezed several inches of my chest to form small boobs on me. "You're really interested in what's been going on with Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda, aren't you? Well, then here's my question to you." She said. "What if I were to take you there for a few days? And to make it interesting, let's just say that you had to be submissive the whole time you were there. Would you like me to arrange that?"

She continued to grasp and tweak the skin around my nipples. Lowering her head to lick one of the small mounds and then raising it back to look at me, she added "Before you answer, I want you to think it completely through. Be sure you think about all the possible things that could happen. Think about being submissive to me and your Aunt, too. Think about what I said submissive means. Think about Uncle Mike being there, too. I'll give you a minute or so to think about it because this isn't a decision you should make in a hasty manner."

She let go of my tiny breast swells and got down in front of me. Cupping my balls with her left hand, she guided my leaking and throbbing cock into her mouth with her right hand. I watched her mouth go all the way down on me and as she held herself there, she looked up at me with her beautiful eyes. The sight of her looking up at me while she guided my cock in and out of her mouth was totally awesome. After a few times, she stopped and said "As an added incentive for you to say yes, I'm absolutely sure Aunt Brenda would be more than thrilled to have real vaginal sex with you, sweetheart – probably many times. Of course, Uncle Mike and I would probably be there watching, but, I'm thinking you might like that, anyway."

She went back to sucking me, her mouth gliding up and down my cock while she gently fondled my balls. Soon though, her left hand let go of my balls and pushed past my thighs. I felt her fingers searching between my butt cheeks and finally come to rest lightly against my anus. She didn't push into me at all. Instead, she patted me there with her finger – as if to tell me she had found it.

She looked up at me again as she pulled off my cock. She jacked me a few times and squeezed a few drops of precum to the tip of my cock and rubbed it across her lips, wetting them with my cock juice. "Time's up, baby." She said. "What's your answer?"

"Oh, fuck!" My mind screamed! I was so wrapped up in watching her suck me that I hadn't thought one iota about her question. I looked down and she giggled as she wagged my cock in front of her face. "What's it gonna be, baby? Yes.... or....."

"Yes! Yes!" I moaned. "Oh, hell yes!" I surprised myself that I didn't feel guilty or humiliated. In fact, it was just the opposite feelings that over took me. I was happy and overjoyed. It felt like I had a tremendous weight lifted from my shoulders.

She bolted up from where she squatted in front of my cock, threw her arms around me and kissed me. I could taste my precum on her lips as she made a point of giving me a very slobbery kiss. "Oh, sweetheart, I'm so happy you said 'yes'. I give you my solemn word that you won't ever regret it. You'll get pleasured and give pleasure in so many ways, baby! We'll talk about what you want and we'll do it all. It will be a special time – a time just for you, and I'll be by your side the whole time. Oh, this is going to be so much fun – you'll see, Bobby. You'll see!"

A Mother's Promise Ch. 09
byPro_Ball_Player©

Author's note: This chapter was originally part of chapter 8. Because of that, there are some references in here to situations and discussions that happened back in chapter 8. In order to post this in a timely manner, I elected not to go back and pull those references into this chapter. As a result, I might suggest that chapter 8 be read before this one.

I don't remember ever seeing her as happy as she looked right now. She was, well..... she was giggling. Both her hands were holding my cock again and she had this sparkle in her eyes. She was bouncing as she spoke, causing her breasts to bob up and down – it was kind of cute, actually, and I started to smile at her childlike antics. But, all of a sudden she stopped and said "Baby, you're not just saying you want to do all those things to make me happy, are you? I mean, you really want to do them, right?"

I wasn't entirely sure how I was going to answer her, but, I thought it was important for me to be as clear as I could. I needed to get her complete attention so I took her hands away from my cock and held them loosely to my lips and kissed them softly as I looked into her eyes.

"Mom, I want you to listen to me for a minute so I can explain something to you." I said.

"Oh, no," she said, "did I push you too hard with all those questions, sweetheart?"

"No, mom," I said, "nothing like that at all. I just want to make sure you hear what I'm about to say."

I held her hands to my lips and kissed them again. When I knew I had her attention, I explained. I told her that I wouldn't have ever though about being naked in front of someone, or being dressed in panties in front of someone, or masturbating, or being submissive or any of that if it wasn't for her. I told her it was true, I was doing it partially for her. I told her she had to understand that not only did I love her like a mother, but that I desired her sexually and I was truly excited about the things we spoke about, but, I admitted that I would do just about anything to be and stay sexually connected to her.

I put her hands down on my cock and asked her to stroke me. Then I put my hands to the side of her face and I kissed her. After our kiss, I looked her in the eyes and told her I wanted to have sex with her in every conceivable way, fashion and position. I told her that I felt full, alive and free to have sexual desires thanks to her, and added "I absolutely want to do those things, mom. I may not have had the courage to do them myself, but if you're going to be there with me, I am sure I want to do them. Mom, it's because I trust you that I feel so confident about these decisions, and no, I don't think you tricked me or did anything sneaky. Just don't stop leading me, mom. I want desperately to be led and I want you to be the one leading."

"Oh, Bobby," she said, "that was so nice to say, sweetheart, but you know I'm not your girlfriend or your wife. At some point, you're going to have to find a woman that can give you the things I can't. Until then, I promise you with all my heart that I'll do everything I possibly can to make you happy, you know.... sexually."

We hugged and kissed a long time as we stood there, both naked in the bathroom. She was glowing and I'm sure I was, too, having both said the things we needed to say and come to some understanding about my kinky sexual desires. I think she was just as moved as I was, and as our hug ended, I felt confident, safe, secure and loved.

She pushed me back against the door frame and scowled at me. "Hey, mister, you're keeping me from my morning coffee."

We chatted a little as she finished straightening up the bathroom after our shower, asking me what I wanted for breakfast, and if I found something for her to wear, and did I enjoy my shower. "Yes, that was the best shower I've ever had." I answered. She reached out to squeeze my hand and said "Me too, sweetheart. And thanks for being so sweet in there and not taking advantage of your ol' mom."

Standing there, I watched as she bent down to grab her hair dryer from under the vanity. I noticed the way her breasts swayed, nipples extended, just waiting to be suckled. I almost went down on my knees to suck them, knowing how sensitive they are and how much she loves nipple play.

Unbundling the towel around her hair, she hung it over the shower door and set to work blow drying her hair. After a few minutes, she took a wide brush and ran in under her hair while she dried it. I was fascinated watching her. She moved with grace and beauty, completely at ease and confident in her nakedness in front of me. While she wasn't a model, she was stunning in the way she carried herself and of course, in the way she made me feel complete.

We talked the whole time as she finished, and as I leaned against the door frame, my erection subsided despite the fact that I was standing no more than five feet from a naked woman that I desired so much.

When her hair was dry and she was happy with it, she pointed the hair dryer at my cock and waved it back and forth. "Hey, look," she said, "you're normal again!" Her corny sense of humor always had a way of surfacing at the most obtuse times - it was her way.

As she put the hair dryer back under the counter, she leaned over to kiss me on the cheek. "Now, let's see what you found in my lingerie drawer that got you all excited, shall we?" She said as she took my hand and led me back into her bedroom. Holding up the panties, she looked at them and then to me. Laying them out on the bed, she picked up the top and held it by the thin straps. Looking at me, she cocked one of her eyebrows and asked "Did you know this is the top to a baby-doll nighty?"

"I just thought it would look good on you." I answered.

"To be honest, I don't think it's ever been worn. I bought it because it came with some frilly open crotch panties that I thought your dad would like. In fact, I bought two of these – this white one and a pink one" She said. "Well, I guess this will work, there's been a lot of 'firsts' the last two days, so I guess this goes along with all of that."

"Want to dress me?" She asked.

"Sure!" I said. "I would love to."

She handed me the panties and I flashed back to my daydream and got down on my knees in front of her. With my hands shaking, I held her panties out and opened them up for her to step into. Placing her hand on my shoulder to steady herself, she daintily lifted one foot and pointed it through the leg hole of her silky panties followed shortly by the other foot. I began to pull them up her legs exactly as I did the day before when she stood in my bedroom. I was temped to try to lick her again, but when I looked up to her face, she was shaking her head saying "Don't even think about it. We need to have breakfast and I need some coffee. Then we'll have time for other things later."

I leaned away from her and pulled the panties up her hips. Then standing up next to her, I fixed them on her hips and rubbed her in them, front and back. I was extremely happy to feel that the panties weren't skin tight on her. As my hands traveled over her bottom and between her legs, I felt the soft material move under my hands. Running my hands over her vagina, I pushed the material in between her pussy lips and left it like that. The look was so sexy and so hot - I was gratified and pleased beyond my what I could have hoped for.

She handed me the baby-doll top and smiled. "Here you go, baby."

I looked at the top and then back at her. I truthfully had no idea how to put it on her. She must have picked up on my dilemma because she took it from me and bunched it up from the bottom and handed it back to me. "Hold it over my head now." she told me.

I held it up and she threaded her arms through the holes and I wiggled it down over her head. She reached back behind her head and gathered her hair into a make shift pony tail and pulled it through. Thinking I was home free, I pulled it down to her waist and took a look at my handiwork.

There was obviously something wrong. Her boobs were smashed against her chest. I mean - they weren't in the cups of the top of the baby doll. I reached up under and was just about to try to shove one of her breasts up into the cups when she stopped me. "No, silly," she said, "you can't just cram them in there, you have to do it like this or you'll stretch the material." I watched as she gently reached down into her top, scooped up one of her breasts and lifted it into the cup. She did the same with the other and I was amazed at how the baby doll looked now that she'd fixed it. Her breasts pushed against the thin, silky cups of the top, held in place by the gathered material and ribbon underneath the cups. It looked spectacular. Her nipples poked out quite prominently, in fact, they were nothing short of obvious. My eyes were drawn to them, and as I stared, she tweaked them herself with her own fingers saying, "Is it what you imagined?"

"Damn," I thought to myself, "am I good, or what?"

She looked huggable and hot. The baby-doll fit her to a tee. Her breasts filled out the cups perfectly – she wasn't spilling out of it and she wasn't flopping around in it, either. The baby-doll came down to her waist, leaving all of her panties in plain view. The way she stood at that moment made her mons puff her panties out, creating a very sexy sight. I watched as she lowered her finger to her crotch and ran it between her lips. She looked right into my eyes and moved her hips from side to side as she ran her finger up and down her crease. She was doing it for my benefit, I'm sure, and it was hot to watch her touch herself while she looked at me.

"Okay," she said, "Now I get to dress you." She took on an evil grin and told me to sit down on the bed. She stood directly between me and the drawers and went directly to the lowest drawer in her dresser. Bending over, I saw her reach down and pull out a handful of silky things. I could see her pussy from behind, pushing against the material of her panties. I stopped myself as I reached for my cock, knowing full well I needed to hold off on any more self-agitation. It was so sexy to see that little sliver of white between her legs, knowing her pussy was right there, hiding behind the thin piece of material.

"I don't want to hear any complaining, sweetheart," she said, "since it's just you and me here, I expect you to keep you're end of the bargain and wear whatever I pick out." When she turned around to face me, she held something behind her back. I couldn't quite see what it was, but judging by her comment, I braced myself for a surprise.

"Stand up," she said.

When I did, she got in front of me as I had done for her. The panties in her hand were very silky and very pink. "Oh, shit," I thought, "my mom is about to dress me in pink panties." When I hesitated as she held them out for me to step into, she looked up at me and simply said, "Come on. It won't kill you."

Swallowing my pride, I stepped into one side and then the other. As she started to slip them up my legs, it appeared to me that I must have stepped into them wrong. When I pulled away from her, she looked at me again and said "Bobby, please don't be a baby."

"But, they aren't on me right." I replied.

"Sure they are," she answered, "they're open crotch, sweetheart. Let's just see how they look on you."

As she pulled them up, my erection was initially held in the panties by the waist band, but, she immediately fixed that by reaching into the open crotch of the panties and pulled my cock free. As I looked down past my now extremely hard cock, I could see my balls hanging free between my legs. I ran my hands around to the back and felt the soft smoothness as it cradled my bottom, the full back completely covering my butt. The panties were made of a soft, light material that wasn't tight on me at all. With the exception of my cock and balls being completely exposed through the open front, they fit perfectly. I didn't mind the lace in the front because my cock was pointing out past it, but, I still wasn't too sure about being dressed like this.

She stood up in front of me and held my cock, saying, "Now, you're not going to deprive me of seeing your nice, hard penis all day, are you?"

If she had said anything else, I could have come up with several good reasons to change into another pair of panties. But, I felt like she had just given me a compliment and the way she put it, it seemed as thought all she wanted was to see my cock as much as she could. I couldn't say no to that, could I? And it was true that it was just her and I at home. I was still thinking it over when she said "Please, sweetheart, it would mean a lot to me if you could wear them?"

Of course, I told her they were fine. Besides, even though it was unsettling to have her dress me in pink crotch-less panties, I couldn't deny the fact that my cock was even harder than it had been since we were in the shower, in fact it was aching now – literally throbbing. I loved the feeling of being in her panties and being exposed all at the same time.

She was happy and it showed. Turning around, she went back to her top drawer and fished around until she found another pink colored item. Turning back to face me, she held up a pink baby doll top exactly like the one she was wearing. "Look familiar?" She asked. "They came with a 'peek-a-boo' bra, too, but I think we can forget that for now, don't you? We can wear the same tops, though. It'll be fun."

With that, she urged my arms up and slipped the baby-doll top over my head. She straightened it and then stepped back to look at me. "Gawd, Bobby, you look good enough to eat."

She bent down and took my cock into her mouth, bobbing up and down a few times before she pulled off and leaned up to kiss my lips. "We better do something about breakfast or we'll never get out of the bedroom today." She said. "Here, see what I mean?" She took my hand and placed it between her legs. I could feel her slippery vaginal lubrication as it saturated the gusset of her panties, and as I rubbed her, she leaned against me and opened her legs wider. With her head snuggled against my chest, she looked up at me and asked "Will you let me suck you after breakfast?" I smiled and nodded. "I'd love to take some time with it, too, if that's okay. Will you cum in my mouth?" She asked. "Sure," I said, my fingers still moving up and down the crease between her labia. When my fingers found her clit, she moaned and let all her weight lean into me saying "You're going to make me cum if you keep that up, baby." I concentrated my touch on her clit, rubbing the small bud between the top of her lips. The wetness overtook the confines of her panties and she was slippery everywhere now. I reached up to cradle her head against my chest and I increased the pressure on her clit and that was all it took to send her over the edge.

"Oh, baby," she moaned, "Yes, yes.... You're going to make me cum, oh, Bobby.... Aaaahhhhh."

I looked over at the dressing mirror in her room as I held her against my chest. We looked quite a pair, both of us wearing baby-doll tops and me with my aching hard-on poking out the front of the crotchless panties she dressed me in. Throwing the last bit of pride I had out the window, I admitted to myself that I liked what I saw in the mirror. It felt so good on me. I felt released and not one bit embarrassed. It felt right.

I flashed back to what she said about the peek-a-boo bra that was part of the baby-doll set I was wearing. I couldn't believe I was thinking about asking her for it – to dress me in it, I mean. But what would she think if I did? Would it be best to wait and see if she brings it up again? Maybe she will and I promised myself that if she did, I would immediately agree.

After a few more minutes, she took my hand and we walked together into the kitchen. As we walked through the doorway, she let go of my hand and took hold of my cock. "It feels so good to hold you and touch you like this, sweetheart." She said. "I hope you don't mind - I'm having such a good time with this, sort of like I have my own private boy-toy to play with."

I'm not sure how she meant it, but, I took it as a compliment. I was proud to be her 'boy-toy', hopefully she would see me as her 'panty-boy-toy' in time. I didn't tell me, but, I secretly wanted her to see me that way.

"You look so cute, Bobby, and I'm not just saying that." She said. "You look absolutely beautiful." She ran her hands up through my hair, brushing it out of my eyes and said "You know, if your hair was a little longer, we could do it up for you and....." Then she stopped speaking as if she had run out of words.

"And what?" I asked.

"Oh, baby," she sighed, "it's nothing. I was just thinking that if your hair was longer and you didn't have all this body hair on your legs and arms...... well, we could make you up like a beautiful young lady."

"But," she quickly grasped my cock and followed up with, "don't get me wrong, Bobby. I know you're all man. I was just thinking about how cute you look now and how much more feminine you could be with just a few little changes."

"Is that what you meant by 'Feminizing' me? Wearing both panties and bras?" I asked.

"Well," she said, "that's one thing. And maybe a few other things, too. Feminizing doesn't mean you lose your masculinity, Bobby, it just means you gain some femininity."

I looked at her and she was serious about what she said. I must have looked serious, too, because she asked me why I asked about the bra. "Does the thought of being feminized excite you, sweetheart?" She asked.

As I thought about it, she spoke again, this time asking "Would you like to wear the bra? Or, would you prefer me to just put it on you and make you wear it?"

I could only look at her.

"That's it, isn't it baby?" She said. "You want to wear it, but, you're too bashful to ask for it. You're hoping I'll dress you in it so you don't have any say in the matter. Is that it?"

This was a moment of truth for me – I was standing at the start of a journey that would lead me somewhere I knew I wanted to go, but afraid to go alone. I started to nod my head up and down to agree with her. "Well, then after breakfast, I'm going to march you into my bedroom and I'm going to find the matching bra that came with that set and put it on you." She said. "And I think I might make you wear it all day, too." Then she smiled and winked at me. I felt my cock pulse and stretch at the thought of her putting it on me and making me wear it.

She asked me to help her with breakfast, assigning me the duties of setting the table, making the toast and getting us both some orange juice. The whole time I did those things, we talked about stuff – nothing special, just about summer time and job hunting – things like that.

She was making omelets – my favorite ones with cheese and walnuts. After finishing my tasks, I came up behind her, gave her a hug and put my hands on her breasts. "Careful there," she said, "unless you want to make your own omelet." She looked back over her shoulder and said "Just kidding, baby. It's okay, you can hold my breasts if you want to. I love the way you touch them."

So I saddled up behind her again and gently held her breasts as she cooked. I played with her nipples lightly, just barely touching the ends of them and enjoying feeling them as they grew hard under my touch. I moved up closer to her and pressed by cock into the back of her panties. "Hey, you're poking me!" She said. "I'll give you about an hour to quit that." She whispered.

I felt her skooch back into me but I didn't move. As my cock poked hungrily out the front of the crotchless panties, I reached up with my hand and creased her panties between her butt cheeks and then guided my cock there. As she skooched back into me again, she let out a "Ooooo, that's nice." The feeling my cock got between her panty covered cheeks was surreal – I could feel the warm of her body as her cheeks held me in place.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 09
byPro_Ball_Player©

"Sherri, are you going to let me make love to you again? Like we did in the shower?" I asked in a soft, low voice. I blew a warm breath down her neck and licked her ear. I felt her shiver and her arms got goose-bumps. I started to thrust my hips into her, causing my cock to push against her anus through her panties. I leaned down and kissed the nape of her neck, again blowing my warm breath on her and I felt her shiver again.

Lowering my voice again, I whispered "Maybe I should just lower your panties and take you right here. You must want it since you're teasing me with your cute little butt."

The next thing I knew, she reached up and turned the stove off and moved the omelet pan over to another burner. She turned and not so gently took my hand and led me into the living room, pointed to the floor and told me to lie down on the carpet. As I got down, she was pulling her panties off and within a matter of seconds, she got down on top of me and sat with lips of her pussy spread across my cock as it lay across my stomach. She reached over to my hands and moved them over my head and held them tightly with her left hand. Then, with her right hand she brought her panties to my mouth and said "Open."

To say I was in shock would be an understatement. No more than thirty seconds ago I was standing behind her rubbing her nipples as she made our breakfast. Now I was lying on the carpet in the living room, my hands pinned above my head and her panties in front of my face. "Open your mouth, Bobby." She repeated.

I opened my mouth and she pushed the wet gusset of her panties into my mouth. "Now suck on them." She said. Still confused, I did what she asked and started to suck on her nearly saturated panties, immediately tasting her juices. She wiggled around on me for a second, adjusting her pussy lips so they straddled my hard cock and then lay down on top of me, her head just to the side of my own.

She started to rub on me and I could feel the slippery wetness of her pussy as it mashed against my hardness. "First of all," she whispered in my ear, "you don't know how hard it's been for me to keep from breaking my promise to your father and fucking you until your cock falls off. Teasing me like that and pushing your cock into my ass, wasn't nice, baby. You got me all worked up and now you need to satisfy me."

"Secondly," she whispered in my ear, "right behind getting a hard cock in my pussy, I like getting it in my butt the best. So in the future, I suggest you don't start poking around back there unless you plan to finish what you start."

"Lastly," she said, "If you ever hope to be a good submissive, you're going to have to learn to read my moods and be ready to pleasure me when I desire it. Like now. So, I want you to lay there and suck Mommy's panties while I rub on your cock and make myself cum. Will you do as I ask, Bobby?"

She lifted herself up and looked at me. I nodded 'yes' and she simply closed her eyes and began to rock back and forth, rubbing herself on my cock. She had a look of determination on her face and between the sounds of her wet pussy rubbing on me and the taste of her saturated panties in my mouth, I was on my way into overload mode. Even though I wasn't inside her, the friction of her pussy on my cock was taking its toll. She got me terribly aroused when we were in her bathroom, sucking me and touching me, but she didn't let me cum. Now, my heart was beating so fast and I felt helpless to do anything other than lay here and let her do anything she wanted to me. The thought crossed my mind that in any other situation, another man would think he was being mis-treated – having to suck panties and having his hands held down. But, me, I loved it. I was in heaven.

The feeling was amazing. It was exciting and new. It was that instant that I recalled what she said about being submissive and giving up control. There was nothing we were doing right now that I could control. She was in total control of me and I was loving it so much that I was about to cum. I tried to hold off – I tried to think about something else, but it wasn't working. Then she whispered to me again, saying: "Are you getting close, baby? Is Mommy going to make you cum?"

I was only able to mumble as I sucked her panties, still able to taste her nectar as I sucked. She lifted up and hovered over me as she put all her weight down on my cock. "Bobby." She said loudly.

I opened my eyes to look at her as she thrust her crotch against my pole. "Don't cum before me, baby." She said.

"I'm almost there, I'm almost there.... don't you dare cum until I do." She panted.

Too late - I was there. I was already at a bursting point. My head was thrashing back and forth and I was clenching my muscles and trying to delay it as much as I could. And just when I knew I was losing the battle, she erupted on top of me.

She pulled my hands from over my head and placed them on her breasts, cradled softly inside her baby-doll. "Pinch my nipples, baby." She pleaded. Even though she was moving wildly on top of me, I latched onto her nipples and I pinched them – I pinched them hard. And when I did, She screamed again: "Oh holy fuck! I'm cumming."

"Oh, fuck! Bobby!" She screamed. "Let it go now, baby, let it go.... cum with Mommy, sweetheart. Let me feel your hot sperm shooting out of your beautiful cock."

She didn't have to ask twice and it was my pleasure to unload my cum. I let myself go limp as my cock throbbed and spit out its hot load of sperm coating both our genitals and adding to the wetness where we were semi-joined.

When it was over, she pulled her panties from my mouth and looked down on me. She leaned forward and kissed me, asking "Was that too extreme for you, sweetheart?" She asked. "I wanted to try something to give you an idea of how it might feel to be in a situation where you weren't in control. When we were standing at the stove and you were poking me, well, it just seemed like an excellent opportunity to surprise you."

In answer to her question, I grabbed her face and brought it down to mine and kissed her feverishly. When our kiss ended, I said "That was absolutely a-fucking-mazing. No shit, Mom. I felt like I had a monster cum and I actually held off until you told me I could cum. I felt like I wasn't in control, but I also felt like it wasn't important to be in control, either – because I knew you were in control for me."

"So you liked it?" She asked.

"Oh, yes." I answered, still trying to catch my breath.

"You're not scared off by any of this?" She replied.

"No." I said. "Not in the least."

"Well, good," she said, "there's just one more thing I want you to do then....."

She rose up partially off of me and both our eyes went down to our genitals. There was a pool of cum and pussy juice all over me and her pubic hair was sopping with our combined mixture of sperm and pussy lube. She smiled as she inched her knees up toward my head and then without saying a word, straddled my head and hovered her pussy directly above my face. "Lick me, sweetheart. Show me how much you love me by cleaning me up. This is good training for our visit to Uncle Mike's house, sweetheart, so show me what a good job you can do."

She lowered her pussy toward my mouth and I watched a drop of our juices gather on the lowest edges of her pussy lips. The drop grew, and as it got to be big enough to drop under its own weight, I reached up and put my hands around her haunches and drew her pussy down to my mouth and sucked. I became a human vacuum cleaner, licking and sucking every inch of her. There wasn't one moment that I thought about stopping – and she assisted me by sliding forward and back so I could clean her thoroughly. At one point, she moved up even more and reached back to pull apart her butt cheeks. She didn't assist me by moving it closer to my mouth, so I moved her myself, which drew an audible gasp from her mouth as she hovered over me. Having been in the shower not more than 30 minutes ago, I was confident she was clean, but licking her there was more symbolic in nature than it was submissive in response. Still, I wanted her to know that I would unconditionally do what she asked me to do.

During the whole episode, I had some fleeting thoughts about sucking down my own cum, but all I could taste was her pussy juice – maybe I blocked out the rest, I'm not sure. I do know my adrenaline level was up and for someone that wasn't in control of anything, I felt more aware and more in control than ever. My senses were heightened and I was hitting on all cylinders. Maybe it was the fact that I was a horny young kid or maybe it was the simple fact that I loved and trusted her, being more than happy to let her take control. 

A Mother's Promise Ch. 10
byPro_Ball_Player©

Satisfied that I had cleaned her vagina completely of our mutual orgasm, she finally lifted herself off my face, moved to my side and leaned down close to me on her hands and knees. As she approached, I didn't know if she was going to kiss me, hug me or whisper in my ear.

Over the last two days, she had whispered to me numerous times, even though there was no one home to overhear us. I thought it was odd at first, but I began to understand why she was doing it while she sat on top of my face waiting for me to finish licking her pussy clean.

You see, her whispering wasn't an attempt to keep someone from over hearing us as much as it was an overt act of intimacy and emphasis. Whispering forced us to be physically closer together, creating that additional level of intimacy and it made me pay attention better because I was interested in what she was going to say.

When she abruptly pulled me into the living room and told me to lie down without any explanation, my immediate obedience, in itself, was my formal acceptance and acknowledgment of my submission to her. But, she knew that same abruptness might scare me, so she used her whispers to reaffirm our intimacy and give me the scolding she thought was necessary at the time.

In a weird way, it made good sense to me, and as I looked back over the last two days, I recalled other times she had whispered to me and I had to agree that is was definitely effective in getting me to do what she wanted. Maybe this was her mother's intuition or perhaps her experience with me as a child that caused her to use this technique, but regardless of the reason, it brought about the desired results. I didn't fault her for it, either. I adored the intimacy her whispering created, and even while she was scolding me, my cock was growing harder and my excitement level was raising. I'm sure she was quite aware of that, too.

She propped herself up on her elbows and gazed at me. I hadn't moved an inch from where she told me to lie down on the carpet. When I turned my head to look at her, she had that soft smile on her face and was nodding her head saying: "I'm impressed, Master Bobby."

She went on to tell me that she was sorry for being rough with me, but when the opportunity presented itself for her to unexpectedly test my desire to be submissive, she had to see if I was serious about it. "What better way than to make you stop what you were doing, take control of you and then use your cock for my pleasure?" She said.

"You did well," she continued, "you did exactly what I asked you to do and you still haven't moved from the spot where I put you. You did an excellent job of cleaning up your mess and you even licked my backside. I didn't expect you to do that -- I just wanted to see if you would."

She stretched out her arm and ran two fingers across my belly, making circles in the pool of pussy juice and cum that collected there. "Wow," she said, "I think I might have let you enjoy that way too much, sweetheart. Look at all this cum? I thought you were supposed to be pleasuring me?" She smiled at me as she moved her fingers from the pool of messy goo up to my face. "Open." She said.

Somehow, I expected this and as I opened my mouth, she put her finger tips in and said "Now suck." I sucked her fingers, tasting my own cum as she smiled next to me. She pulled her fingers out and put them back in the pool of cum, covering them once again with our juices. When she moved her hand back toward my face, I obediently opened my mouth so she could put them in. "Oh, aren't you the eager one?" She said. "Just like a baby bird waiting for mommy bird at feeding time." But instead of feeding it to me, she put her fingers in her own mouth and sucked them clean as she continued to smile at me.

Withdrawing her fingers from her mouth, she put them back into the slimy mess and wiped them through the globs of sperm, coating her two fingers. As she moved them toward me, I opened my mouth again, but this time she stopped above my open mouth, holding her digits together as a drop of cum gathered at her finger tips. The drop became bigger and bigger as gravity pulled the cum down her finger, then shook precariously before it dropped into my mouth. Lowering her fingers between my lips, I began to suck them clean.

"Honestly sweetheart, if I would have known that putting you in panties would make you mind me this well, I would have done it years ago." I glanced at her and she was smiling at me. Her comment cracked me up and I started to laugh. As I did, she moved from her position next to me and bent her head down over the pool of cum. She gathered her hair in one hand, held it back, bent her head all the way down and then proceeded to make long sweeping passes across my belly with her tongue, collecting the rest of the remaining cum in her mouth as she looked up at me. When she was done, she moved up and pressed her lips to mine. As we kissed, our tongues mixed the cum and saliva in our mouths until the taste and sticky feel of it was gone.

Pulling back from our kiss, she remarked: "Baby, I don't know why it is, but you have the best cum I've ever tasted, and that's the truth. I almost wish I could have you stand in front of me everyday and masturbate into my mouth so I can get my daily dose of protein."

"Hmm," I answered, "be careful what you wish for, Mom, 'cause you know -- you just might get it." We both laughed, but deep inside, I made a mental note of her comment and promised myself I would take advantage of the opportunity when, and if it availed itself to me.

As our laughing died down, she settled on the floor next to me, propping her head up and running her hands over the silky baby-doll top I was wearing and fingering my nipples. "Can I ask you something, sweetheart?" She said.

"Of course." I replied, turning to look at her.

"And will you promise to answer truthfully?" She asked.

"I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth." I answered.

"Okay, then," She replied. She took a few seconds to collect her thoughts and then she continued, saying: "How are you doing with all of this? What I mean is, since yesterday in the laundry room, we've been doing some pretty crazy things -- some pretty nasty things, and I was just starting to get a little worried about how you were dealing with it, what was going through your mind and of course, what happens once your father and sister get home from their trip. So, are you shocked? Happy? Afraid? Confused? What did you like and what didn't you like? We've kind of been on this sexual discovery voyage -- not only you, but me, too. So, I kind of need to know what's going on in your head."

She pulled her hand away from my chest and brushed her long hair back over her shoulder and looked at me, waiting for my reply. I was a little confused why she was asking me those questions because I thought we had covered most of them already off and on the last two days, but maybe she needed to simply 'stop' and do a sanity check while we seemed to be enjoying the after glow of my first 'official' submissive experience. They were fair questions she asked, and I decided I would do my best to answer them truthfully.

"Honestly, mom," I started, "I've enjoyed it very much. I keep waiting for you to tell me it's over and we have to stop, but you haven't done that..... yet. I know it's coming, though. I guess I'm dreading that part."

"Last night when I went to bed, I was a little afraid you thought I was gay or something because I was so interested in panties. I mean, I wore them all day when I didn't have to, and I even wore them to bed.... but all fears about that went away when you came into my room this morning after they left. When you saw I still had them on, your reaction was everything I needed to make me feel confident. You seemed to be pleased with it, so I'm not worried about that anymore."

"I am a little confused about what happens when dad and Linda get home. I'm not going to be able to forget that any of this happened, and I wouldn't want to, either. I know you're my mother, and I love you very much as my mother, but, now I also see you as a woman and I love you that way, too. I'm not sure I can just set those feelings aside when they walk in the door and pretend this didn't happen. You've got to know that I'm going to be taking your panties every chance I get and masturbating with them. Unless you're blind, you know I want to make love to you -- and I mean vaginally. Right now, the best looking and sexiest chick in the world could lay down in front of me with her legs spread and I would still want to do it with you. That's going to be really hard to live with knowing you're having sex with dad all the time. I mean, he can do it with the woman he loves anytime he wants, but I'll never have that chance."

"Am I shocked? Well, maybe I am, mom. I'm acutely shocked at how good all this feels and how much I love it. I'm definitely happy, that's for sure. And, yes, I was a little embarrassed about a few things, but at this point, I don't think there's any reason for me to be embarrassed about anything."

I was on a roll, but there were a few more points I wanted to make as long as I had her attention. I figured now was a good time to make some things clear to her -- for better, or, for worse.

"Mom, there are a couple of things YOU said that I wanted to comment on, so here goes. I'm just going to say them straight out, so you're going to have to forgive me for not thinking them through very well. First, I guess, is the bra thing. I wanted to tell you this when we were up in your room, but I couldn't react fast enough and I wasn't sure how you would take it, but..... I want to try it. I know I don't have breasts, but I don't care, I still want to try it. I can't explain my reason for it, but, I'm just feeling drawn to the idea of wearing both a bra and panties. Maybe it won't be so exciting once I have one on, but I want to see what it's like."

"Next, you said something in passing about feminizing me. I'm not sure what that means. But if it means having some lingerie of my own and some girl clothes -- you know, some silky stuff, I think I would like that. I'm pretty sure I don't want to live outside this house as a girl, but, if there's any chance I could dress as a girl when I wanted to inside the house, that would very much interest me."

"Then, you said something about wanting to bend me over a bed, pull my skirt up, pull my panties down and use the strap-on on me, or at least I assume you meant the strap-on. Part of that scares me a little bit because I don't know if something that big is going to hurt me or not, but, I haven't been able to stop thinking about that since you said it. I've been visualizing it over and over in my mind..... what I would be wearing, what you would say, and how it would feel. I can just see you doing it to me, just the way you described it. What I'm trying to say is, uh, if it's possible we could try that today before they get home...... and before I have time to change my mind, I would very much like that."

"And, I hope you weren't teasing about going to Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda's house, either. I'm not just saying that so I can have sex with Aunt Brenda, but also because of Uncle Mike. You already told me we were a lot alike and I think I would like to talk to him about some guy things. Plus, you said something about a girl needing to get used to the taste of a man, and I understood very well exactly what you meant. I've tasted Dad's cum from your pussy and from your panties, and I've tasted my own and I didn't think any of it was yucky. Maybe that means I'm bi-sexual or something, because I've thought about other guys before, but, I'm not worried about tasting Uncle Mike -- on you or in you, or you know, even from the source."

I peeked over from time to time to see how SHE was taking all of this. She was being a really good listener and through it all, there was no real outwardly reaction to any of it until I spoke about Uncle Mike. When I did, her eyebrows raised as if I surprised her, and I guess I did. I surprised myself, that's for sure, since I hadn't ever mentioned to anyone before that I had thoughts about guys as well as girls. But I meant what I said to her and I fully understood the implication of my remarks.

She hadn't stopped my emotional outpouring, and for that I was grateful. I guess if I only get forgiveness once, I better go for it all, so I continued.

"I suppose the next few things you already know, or can guess. Yes, I would love it if you could find a way for me to be naked or dressed in panties in front of someone that wouldn't get all freaked out about it. And yes, that includes dad and Linda. For that matter, I wouldn't mind seeing them naked, too. What the hell, maybe we should just have the 'Bobby's coming out party, or, Bobby wants to be naked and sniff panties while he masturbates in front of everyone party' some evening and just get it over with. Mom, I don't want to have to hide all my life."

"I'm sure you figured this out already, but, if you haven't, then I'll clear it up. I've really enjoyed being a little submissive. It doesn't scare me, at least it doesn't with you. You said that if I wanted to be a good submissive, I needed to learn your moods and be ready to pleasure you when you desired it. Well, okay -- where do I sign up for that? I want to be a good submissive, so I'm putting myself in your hands and you can teach me. I promise I'll do whatever you say, anytime and anyplace. I'm not afraid of this. It feels too good. I'm not scared to give up control."

Her eyebrows peaked up again, but she wasn't smiling this time. "Bobby, there's something important I want you to know about being submissive, and this really is important -- it's a key factor in understanding what being submissive is, so you need to pay attention to what I'm about to say, okay?"

"Okay," I said, "I'm listening."

"Submissiveness," she explained, "does not equal weakness and it's not associated at all with fear. In fact, being submissive is actually a position of strength.... strength to have faith, trust and confidence in yourself and to who you allow to be in control over you. People who are weak can never be truly submissive. Weak people actually become dominated by those that are stronger than themselves, and many times they end up with absolutely no choice in the matter. Being submissive gives you the ability to choose who you allow to be in control, and when to start or stop that privilege."

Wow. Some pretty heavy thoughts there. It made total sense to me and gave me a renewed feeling of pride. While I knew I wouldn't be walking around with a button on my shirt saying 'I'm proud to be submissive', I knew I could balance my desire to have a normal life and be submissive, too.

"Let me make a few observations, sweetheart." She said. "You've made some very bold statements and I admire you for saying them. I love you for trusting me enough to say them to me. I'm flattered that you want me to teach you how to be sexually submissive and I also understand that the last two days might have opened your eyes to some things and greatly influenced some of what you said. So, how about this.... let's take it slow, one day at a time, one thing at a time. Take some time to think about everything you said because you're not going to be able to hide a lot of that from your father, or your sister. I'm not suggesting you try to be something, or someone you aren't. Also, I really encourage you to talk to your father. Trust me on this, Bobby, he'll be a lot more understanding than you might think."

"Mom, I could never talk to dad about any of this, you know that." I answered. "He'll brush it off and tell me it's just hormones or something stupid like that."

"Sweetheart, no he won't. Believe me, he's going to understand if you'll give him a chance and talk honestly with him. Maybe it will be good to get another man's perspective. Uncle Mike would be good, too, but try your dad first, baby. Try something small first and give him a chance. You might be surprised."

"I don't know," I replied, "somehow I just can't see him understanding the same way you do."

"Sweetheart, do you think I would give you bad advice or try to trick you into something that wasn't in your best interests?" She asked.

"No," I said, "I guess not." I thought for a minute and then asked "Do you think you could maybe be there if I do talk to him, you know, just in case he doesn't understand?"

She pulled me over to her and hugged me. "Bobby, I would be happy to be there if that's what you want. But, think it all through first, then go see him when you have a clear head. Look, I'm just making a suggestion that you talk to him, and I can be there for moral support if you want me there."

"One last thing, baby," she added, "I'm not ashamed of anything we've done the last two days. I haven't violated my promise to your father and I haven't done anything to be guilty of. Neither have you."

"Sweetheart," she said, "you know time is ticking. We still haven't had our breakfast, I still haven't had my coffee and it's almost three o'clock. If you're serious about me dressing you up and bending you over the bed, we better get going or they might walk in on us and get an eyeful. Hey, do you feel better now after getting all that off your chest?"

I told her I felt much better and that I meant every word of it. Sometimes, confession is good for the soul, and that old adage was true in my case. She was right, I did make some bold statements, and I meant them. I just didn't know how I was going to be able to put any of it into action.

I smiled to myself and was going to thank her for the words of wisdom she imparted on me, but when I looked at her, I saw that her left hand had moved to her right nipple and she was playing with it. As if under some kind of spell, I leaned over and kissed her lightly. She closed her eyes as I kissed her again. Reaching for her shoulders, I rolled her onto her back and kept kissing her. She reached around my neck as we kissed, but, I pulled her arm away from me and put it back on her breast. "Go ahead and keep touching yourself, mom. I'd love it if you would let me watch you."

She didn't say a word -- she only smiled and closed her eyes. I leaned back to give her some room, and when I did, she pulled her feet up toward her bottom and let her knees fall open. This was a much different view than I had in my bedroom yesterday and early this morning in her bedroom. It was the middle of the afternoon and even though the curtains were closed, the room was bright as the sunlight flooded through.

I could see the most intimate details of her vagina, every fold, every nook and cranny and every hair. When her hand made first contact down there, she only brushed upward lightly between her lips. She let her legs fall completely loose and I literally stared at her, trying to see everything. "Can you see okay from there?" She asked. I nodded and said "Yeah, I can see fine."

Little by little as she touched herself, her clitoris began to peek out of its hood. The pink bud was much smaller than I thought it would be. When I had licked her, it felt so large against my tongue and when I touched it, it felt bigger against my fingers. But in reality, it was just a small nub hidden between her lips. She was enticingly beautiful lying there, and I mean all of her, not just her pussy. Yeah, her pussy was beautiful, but damn, she was one sexy woman!

Through her pubic hair, I could see everything clearly. Her outer lips were perfect and they were slightly open allowing me to see her inner lips, but I couldn't see inside her -- something I desperately wanted to see. Every time her fingers ran down between her lips, I prayed she would push her finger into her vagina, but she didn't. With each stroke, I said to myself "let me see inside, mom.... please open it up and let me see what it looks like inside you."

byPro_Ball_Player©

Her lubrication was evident by the smell and even by the wet sounds that seemed to come from there when she touched herself. I was hard again and I had to readjust my position so I could watch her comfortably. The hand that was rubbing her nipples came to rest on my cock and I felt her fingers feel for the tip and run across the hole to spread my precum across my cock head. With her eyes still closed, she moaned to me, saying "Your cock feels so good in my hands, baby. I can feel it pulse."

When she finally pushed lower and slid her finger inside her vagina, I saw the glistening of her juice inside her inner lips. Her finger moved in and out very slowly until she let go of my cock and asked "Sweetheart, reach down there and hold the little lips open for me."

She hadn't opened her eyes, she just spoke to me without looking. I moved directly between her legs where there was plenty of room to sit. Carefully, I reached into her crotch with both hands extended as her finger continued to run up and down the crease between her bigger lips.

At first, I tried to hold them apart by pressing on them and spreading may hands apart, but that's not what she wanted. "No, baby," she said, "like this." I watched as she used her fingers to hold each of her little lips and pull them apart. They looked like little wings as she pulled on them, allowing my first look at the inside of her pussy. I was surprised that I couldn't see deeper into her, but as she continued to pull, I could see more and more. Finally, as she held her lips stretched apart, I was able to see inside of my mother's pussy. My cock was aching to be in there, too, and I drifted away for a minute dreaming what it would be like to slip my cock ever so slowly down inside her. But, I knew I could only dream about that, and my dreams would have to satisfy me.

"Here," she said, "you do it for me. I love to be stretched open like this." She let go of her little lips and I took one in my right hand and one in my left. As I pulled them open, she moaned. "Oh, gawd, that feels so good....I love that. Pull out a little more, baby, out and open at the same time." I did as she asked and when I did, she completely opened up for me. I could all the way down into her vagina. It was wet and pink and glistening. I loved it. My heart was beating so fast, I thought it was going to burst through my chest.

"Don't be afraid to pull harder, baby. I'll tell you if it hurts." She told me. So I pulled harder and stretched her as far as I dared. Her finger began to move up and down again, dipping into the wetness I held open for her and then rubbing it up to her clit. "Can you see in mommy's pussy, baby? Can you see all the way inside me?" She asked.

I tried to speak but my voice wasn't cooperating. I had to clear my throat before I could answer her. "It's all pink and wet in there," I said, "I can see inside you."

"Do you like looking at your mommy's pussy, baby?" She asked, as her fingers started to move faster and faster, lingering more and more at her clitoris.

"Oh, yeah," I said, "I love looking at your pussy."

"I like what you're doing for me right now, sweetheart" she said, "it pleases me a lot -- it makes me feel very naked and very nasty, so I want you to remember exactly what you're doing so you can please me exactly like this when I ask you again. Just keep pulling me open the way you're doing now, it's perfect."

Her fingers traveled the complete length of her slit, up and down, dipping into her hole and then back up to her clit. Her other hand had pushed up her baby-doll top and was pinching her nipple as her breaths started to be choppy.

"You're going to see mommy cum soon, baby, would you like that?" She moaned.

"Oh, yeah." I muttered, barely able to speak as I watched the spectacle in front of me.

"You want to cum in mommy's pussy, don't you baby? Say it for me sweetheart, tell me how much you want to cum in me inside your mommy's pussy."

Before I could stop myself, I spoke back to her saying "Mommy, I love your pussy..... I want to put my cock in there so badly right now and cum inside you. Then you could sit on top of me again and let me clean all my cum out of you."

She was really pinching her nipples hard now and her belly was starting to tremble. She was taking short breaths and the look on her face was determined. Her fingers started to concentrate on her clit and I saw an opportunity to lower my head to inhale her scent and maybe lick her opening.

When my face got to within inches of her vaginal opening, she started a high pitch moan saying "Oh.... Oh..... Oh..... Oh..... Oh." Her hand suddenly froze and she stopped breathing for a few seconds. I sank my tongue into her and then felt her hands holding the back of my head, pushing my face against her pussy . Then she exploded. She shrieked groaning sounds I had never heard before and she bucked against my face as she held me there. "Oh, Bobby. I'm cumming.... Aaaaahhhhh."

I had to pull away for a second to catch my breath, but then she pulled me back into her. I thought she would like it if I sucked her clit, so I shifted up and started to nibble it. As soon as I touched it, she shoved my head away and held me away from her.

"Bobby, stop!" She gasped, trying to catch her breath.

I pulled back and looked up at her. After a few seconds, she reached down and patted my hands, which I took as a command to release her lips. When I did, she took a deep breath and opened her eyes.

"It gets real sensitive down there after I cum, baby, that's why I had to stop you." She was still panting, her chest heaving up and down as she smiled. She pointed down to my cock and as I looked down at it, I could see that it was leaking a copious amount of precum. "Do you think you can cum again, sweetheart?"

I nodded my head 'yes'. "Then go ahead and masturbate for mommy. Since you've pleased me so much today, I'll give you a reward and let you cum inside me."

Her words shocked me, to say the least, but I wasn't in any condition to question or argue. As I sat between her opened legs, I stared at her luscious pussy and began to jack myself. She reached across the floor and picked up the panties she had been wearing.

I shifted my gaze to watch as she held the panties up, found the crotch panel and held it to her nose. "They're pretty wet, Bobby." She said. Handing them to me she said "See how wet they are?"

I took the silky panties from her with my left hand while I stroked myself with my right. Holding them to my nose, I took in their smell deeply and closed my eyes, thinking back to yesterday morning when we did almost the same thing in the laundry room. "Here, baby," she said, "hand them back to me."

As I passed them back to her, she again found the gusset of the panty and laid it lengthwise over her pussy and began to touch herself. "I'll get these all wet for you," she said, "but I want you to tell me when you think you're starting to get close to cumming. Don't wait until the last minute, sweetheart, make sure you give me some warning so I can get ready for you to cum in me."

I watched as she touched herself through her panties as they lay across her pussy. Her fingers pushed them in between her lower lips so just a thin strip of white could be seen.

Just as she had done in the laundry room, she told me not to say anything until I was getting close to cumming. So, on my knees, just inches away from her open pussy filled with her panties, I stared at her and kept wanking.

"These are going to be so wet for you in a minute, Bobby. Are you watching mommy get her panties ready for you? Can you see how much you're turning mommy on?" She asked.

I kept stroking and I started to feel like I was getting there, so I told her.

"Mom, I think I'm starting to get close." I said.

"Oh, baby," she said, "will you promise to suck my panties if I give them to you when I'm done?"

I was the one doing the panting now. I nodded my head up and down thinking about sucking her panties and sinking my cock into her when I was ready to cum. This was going to be so good. My hand was a blur as it flew up and down my cock, dragging me closer and closer to release.

"Oh, I can tell you're going to cum any second now, baby. Just tell me when you think you're ready and I'll tell you what to do." She said. Then she did something that really blew my mind -- she pulled her panties out from between her pussy lips and wrapped the gusset around the index finger of her right hand. With her left hand, she held her pussy open and then slowly inserted her panty covered finger into her pussy. She pushed it in a couple of inches and then pulled her finger out, leaving the panties pushed up in her, and then she spread the rest of the material out across her mound. It was more than I could bear and as soon as I felt the swell of cum as it prepared to shoot out of my cock, I told her.

"I'm gonna cum, mom..... I'm getting ready to cum any second." I said.

"Keep stroking yourself until you're sure you're about to ejaculate and then lean forward and put the tip of your cock down here." She replied. She was pushing two fingers into the panties now, and her actions were creating a panty reservoir inside her pussy hole. I could see her juices were saturating the material of the panties and they looked almost transparent now.

Then I felt it start. I said "I'm cumming, mom... I'm cumming."

When I leaned forward and pointed my cock toward her pussy, she reached down and grabbed my cock. "Let go, Bobby," she said quickly, "let me do it."

I let go of my cock just as I started to shoot. She moved my cock to the panty covered hole and guided me into it about an inch and then held me there. I could feel her panties stretched against my cock head, keeping me from going any deeper, but as I tried to thrust into her, she held me back with her free hand until I realized that I simply couldn't go in any further.

"Quit pushing," she said, "just let it all go." I let up and started to convulse with the full power of my ejaculation. I pumped surge after surge of cum into her panty lined pussy until my last grunt was over and I had emptied everything I had into her.

Totally drained, I held myself up over her as my orgasm subsided.

"Don't push into me, Bobby." she warned, "just stay like you are for a minute. I'm going to let go of you for a few minutes, so don't push in."

I felt her let go of my cock and remove her hand from my stomach where she had been holding me back. "Good boy," she said, "now hold still while I milk the rest of your cum into me."

I felt both of her hands reach down to the base of my cock and squeeze me. As she squeezed, she slowly worked her hand toward the tip, milking the last drops of cum to the tip of my cock and then into her panties.

While she was milking me, she spoke, saying "That's called a 'panty fuck', sweetheart. Our bare skin never touched and you didn't go into my pussy. My panties kept you from going into me. You'll see in a minute."

I was still recovering and trying to catch my breath when she said "Alright baby, I think I got it all now. You can pull straight back and relax."

She put her hands on my chest and gently pushed me back until I could put my arms down on the floor and hold myself up.

Looking down at her pussy, I could see the inch deep reservoir made by her panties and it was filled with my milky white sperm. "Watch this." She said.

She worked the edges of the panty carefully as she pulled it away from her crotch. Holding it horizontally, she held it up to show me there was indeed an inch deep impression in the exact middle of the gusset, and it was filled with my cum.

"Your Aunt Brenda and I did this hundreds of times with my brother, sweetheart. I know it's kind of a tease, but, that's as close as I can let you get, baby. Uncle Mike loved to do it. And, you know, Bobby - just like the commercial says, it's the gift that keeps on giving."

She carefully folded the front and back of the panties together and held them in one hand. Reaching over to take my arm, she pulled me over to her side and told me to lie down.

She said one word: "Open."

As soon as she said it, I knew what was going to happen next. I wasn't trying to disobey her, but, when I didn't immediately open my mouth, she spoke again, this time sternly saying: "Mommy said open your mouth, Bobby."

I opened my mouth wide and she said "That's better, sweetheart." As she dropped the cum filled gusset of her panties in my mouth, she put her free hand under my jaw and pushed it closed.

"Now don't suck this time, Sweetheart. Just let it sit in there for a minute or two." She instructed.

As she watched me, she told me that cum was much better when it was warm and fresh, although she said mine was especially good warm or cold. She continued by telling me that having this much cum in my mouth at one time was going to be very much like getting it 'from the source', using my own words from earlier.

"I bet by now it's leaking out all over your tongue and the back of your mouth, isn't it?" She asked.

I nodded my head up and down to say 'yes'.

"Sweetheart, I'm very, very pleased to see you doing so well with a full mouthful of cum. We'll need to let it sit in there for another minute or so, though." She said. "Now, come with me."

She pulled me up, took my hand and walked me into the kitchen. We walked together over to the stove and she turned the burner on so she could finish cooking our omelets. She got a chair from the breakfast nook and put it right next to the stove and told me to sit.

"Now, while I finish cooking," she said, "I want you to suck on those panties and make sure you get them as clean as you can, because I'm going to check. I've got a feeling you'll do a good job, though."

End of chapter 10. Next: She grants his wish. 

A Mother's Promise Ch. 11
byPro_Ball_Player©

I suppose I looked rather stupid sitting there, dressed in the pink baby-doll outfit she dressed me in earlier. Amazingly enough, as I sat there with her panties still in my mouth, my cock had subsided back to normal, lying motionless through the opening of the pink crotch-less panties. Perhaps my cock had shrunk because I was concentrating on my task of sucking our combined juices out of her panties, or maybe it was because she paid me no mind as she busied herself at the stove finishing our breakfast.

She chatted as she cooked – about how hungry she was and how much she needed her morning coffee. Turning to me, she stopped what she was doing at the stove and spoke. "You've already had your own little snack now, haven't you, sweetheart?" She observed.

"All done now?" She asked.

I nodded my head up and down and mumbled "Uh huh."

She reached out, I assumed, to take her now clean panties from my mouth. When I opened my mouth so she could remove them, she pulled her hand back saying "Don't be presumptive, Bobby, and don't try to anticipate what I'm going to do. The only thing you should try to anticipate is how and when to please me. Don't try to help me, baby. Believe me; I haven't forgotten that my panties are still in your mouth."

As I looked up at her from my chair, she smiled and said "Okay, now open."

When I did, she reached out and removed her panties from my mouth. She held them to her nose first, and then opened them up to look at the cotton lining of the crotch panel. Slowly, she brought it up to her own mouth and extended her tongue. She sampled several areas and then nodded to herself. Leaning over to me, she placed her hand behind my neck and bent down to kiss me. "Like I said..... I knew you would do a good job."

As she stepped back from the stove, she handed me the panties and asked me to hold them for her while she put them on. I bent down from my chair to hold them open, but, she put her hand on my shoulder and shook her head, saying "No, sweetheart, come get down in front of me."

I moved from my chair and kneeled down in front of her as I held the panties out for her to step into. "This position would allow you to pleasure me if I wanted you to. Remember, you have to anticipate ways to please me without making the decision to do so yourself."

I pulled her panties up past her knees where she reached down and pulled them up the rest of the way. "Come on," she said, "let's eat. I'm famished."

We sat at the table across from each other and I smiled to myself as I watched her cradle the coffee cup in her hand. If I didn't know any better I would have thought she was worshipping it. She sipped it slowly and then looked up at me from behind the cup. "Don't laugh," she said, "one day you'll understand. A good cup of coffee is almost better than sex."

We laughed together for a minute and then as I attacked my omelet. Taking a bite, I peered across the table to see her staring at me. Taking another sip of her coffee, she asked "Okay, it's absolutely killing me! I'm dying to know, sweetheart. How did you like it?"

"Like what?" I asked.

"Come on, Bobby, don't play dumb." She said. "I've been trying to give you a teeny-tiny taste of what it's like to be submissive. Remember, you said you wanted me to? Tell me what you thought about cumming in my panties and then having to suck them."

"Well," I said, putting my fork down and trying to act as serious as I could, "you were right. Cum tastes much better when it's still warm."

"Okay," she replied, "that's a start. But, what did you think about the panty fuck? Admit it, you really thought I was going to let you cum in me, didn't you?"

"Yeah," I admitted, "it definitely kicked me up a notch when you said that. And then I was watching you rub yourself with your panties down there, getting them all wet, I thought you were going to hold them up to my nose and let me smell them while I put it in you."

"Oh," she mused, "you're disappointed, huh?"

"Well, hell yes!" I replied. "You intentionally teased me. I don't think that's really fair, mom."

"But, you had fun, right?" She asked.

"Of course I had fun." I answered. "Don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining. I suppose, technically speaking, I did get to cum inside you, but, you have to admit your idea of me cumming inside you, and my idea of me cumming inside you are two different things. I guess it's like you said..... I shouldn't anticipate what you're going to do. You're full of surprises, mom."

"Yep, that's true," she said, "and you should never forget that, sweetheart. So, come on – tell me..... what did you think when I put those gooey panties in your mouth?"

"It's hard to explain." I replied. "In a way, I sort of expected it when you pulled the panties out and they were full of cum, but I wasn't expecting the feeling that came over me when cum started to leak all inside my mouth. I tried to hold the panties so the puddle wouldn't tip, but, they just sort of flattened out and then next thing I knew, my mouth was full of it."

"Well, did you want to swallow it or spit it all out, or what?" She asked.

"I didn't want to spit it out at all, mom." I said. "It felt a little sticky, you know... and there were globs stuck together..... I could feel it with my tongue. Every now and then I could taste you a little bit, too, but it was mostly just my cum I tasted. I didn't swallow at all until you told me to suck. I think that's when the impact of it hit me."

"Impact?" She asked.

"Yeah," I answered, "I mean it's one thing to taste yourself on a finger tip, or licking a few drops or tasting it during a kiss like we've done a few times, but I think it's a completely different thing when it goes directly from your cock into your mouth like that."

"Different?" She asked. "In what way?"

"Different in the sense that it didn't go anywhere else.... it all went from me into your panties and then right into my mouth." I said. "Kind of like, uh.... well, you know..."

"Like what, sweetheart?" She asked.

"You know, Mom" I answered, "I guess it was like.... uh, like I got a whole cum worth right from.... uh, right from...."

"Ah, I see," she said, "it was like you got it right from a penis?"

"Yeah," I replied, "it's just a little hard to think of it that way. But, I guess that's what happened."

"Would you like that?" She asked me.

I knew that was coming next. When I was sitting next to her in the chair, I knew it was just a matter of time before she asked me if I liked it. I also knew how I was going to answer her question and then she would ask if I wanted to do it for real – to really suck a cock.

I struggled with myself on how I would answer her. After all, I had already eaten my father's cum from her pussy and licked it from her panties. I had tasted my own cum numerous times in the last two days and even alluded to the fact that I might suck Uncle Mike's cock. The truth is that I had already decided that I could, I mean.... I would suck a cock if it was the right one. I couldn't see myself on my knees sucking just anyone off, but Uncle Mike and my dad, yeah – I could to that. After all, she did.

"Mom," I finally answered, "if it was dad or Uncle Mike, then yes, but I just don't see myself searching for guys to suck off, you know?"

As we ate our breakfast, she told me she fully understood and told me I shouldn't dwell on other guys, adding "I know you're not gay, sweetheart, and I think at some time in our lives we all have some bi-sexual interests, tendencies and fantasies. It's something everyone experiences. I know I did, and your father did, too. But, you know, Bobby, even if you were gay, that wouldn't change the fact that you are still my son and I would still love you just as much as I do now."

We talked more as we finished eating. She sipped her sacred coffee and sat back in her chair and asked "I'm curious about one thing, Bobby. Let's just say an opportunity arose and you could have oral sex with your father or your uncle. Do you see yourself doing it as a boy, or as a girl?"

"Mom," I answered, "I am a boy. Remember?"

"Yes," she replied, "of course I know that, but what I mean is.... do you envision yourself doing it as a boy, or dressed up as a girl?" It was my turn to peak my eyebrows and get taken aback. Obviously, her thinking on this subject was way more advanced than my own.

"As a girl, I think." I answered right away. "I mean, as long as it didn't weird them out."

"Yeah," she said, "that's kind of what I thought you might say. It's a littler safer for you to think about it that way, isn't it, baby? Being dressed as a girl lets you role play and pretend you're a girl. Therefore, sucking a penis would be 'normal'."

"And," she added, "you seem to have a pretty big interest in dressing in bras and panties, so, I guess that's logical."

We were finally finished with out breakfast and started clearing the table of the dishes when I asked "Mom, do you think it would bother you or dad if I wanted to dress like a girl sometimes?"

"You mean the whole way, Bobby? Underwear and outer clothes? Skirts and tops? Stockings and pantyhose, too?" She asked.

"Yes." I answered. "I mean..... just at home, though. Not outside the house."

She stopped loading our breakfast dishes in the dishwasher, put one hand on her hip and leaned against the kitchen counter with the other. "Oh, that's a complicated question because it wouldn't be easy for you to do that without your sister eventually finding out, and, I don't want to lead you on and get you all excited about doing it unless you knew and understood the possible ramifications." "But," she continued, "as long as you understood the risk and were prepared to either deal with it up front or when it came up, then, no, it wouldn't bother me in the least. Personally, I think it would be a lot of fun – I know I would enjoy it, and maybe your father would, too. You just never know, sweetheart. Maybe that's something we can try a little at a time and see how it goes." The look she gave me had this 'I know something you don't know' appearance and I wondered if there was something she wasn't telling me. I didn't press the subject because she looked up at the kitchen clock and a look of panic came over her.

"Baby, it's four o'clock. We're quickly running out of time here." She said. "You wait here for a second. I'll be right back."

When she came back, she was holding something behind her and she was taking great care to keep me from seeing it. She stopped in front of me and asked me if I still wanted to experience the strap-on. When I said 'yes', she said "Good, I was hoping you were still interested. Then, I think it's best if you keep being submissive for me until we're done. Is that okay with you?"

She was giving me a choice. I could say yes or no. I immediately recalled her words of wisdom to me earlier about being submissive and conceded the fact that if I agreed, she was going to lead me through this 'her way'.

That was fine with me, too. And as I agreed, I enjoyed the peace of mind turning control over to her and not having to deal with any of the emotional baggage of wanting to have a plastic cock up my butt. Being submissive was going to make this easy for me. All I had to do is put everything else out of my mind and simply do what she said. Simple. I can do that.

From behind her back she produced a fairly realistic looking, flesh colored dildo and laid it on the kitchen counter. I looked at it for a minute or so, and as I did, she looked at me. "I laid that there for a reason, Bobby. If you pick it up," she said, "that will tell me you want me to fuck your ass with it. I'm sorry for using that kind of language, but, that's exactly what's going to happen if you pick it up. This is a big step and a big decision. I'm not going to make it for you."

I took a deep breath. So much for me not having to worry about anything. I thought she was just going to take me by the hand, take me to her bedroom, bend me over, pull my panties down and then do it. But, oh no, she's got to force me to take responsibility and make a decision. As I stood there looking at the dildo that might soon be up my butt, I felt overwhelmed with embarrassment and humiliation, but, that didn't stop me from reaching out toward the dildo. As my hand almost touched it, she quickly reached out to stop me, blocking my hand from grasping the shaft of the plastic cock.

"Sweetheart, if you pick it up, there will be no backing out. Once you make a decision to do it, it's going to happen. Bobby, you have to understand that this is something you can't undo. It will be a profound experience and even if you never do it again, you'll always remember it. If you pick that cock up, you're giving me your word that you'll go through with it and do exactly what I ask. I'll be extremely gentle with you, sweetheart, I promise, and this is the smallest dildo we have, see? It's not any thicker than two of my fingers put together. But still, if you pick it up, the bottom line is that I'm going to use it to fuck your ass. Think about that before you decide."

She let go of my hand and it hung there in space as if it was frozen in suspended animation. It was strange to hear my mom use words like "fuck your ass", but in a weird way, it turned me on. The words were very throaty when she spoke them, and it definitely caught my attention. She seemed to show some thoughtfulness, though, especially promising to be gentle, but per promise also scared the living shit out of me. Why did she feel the need to reassure me she would be gentle?

"Is it going to hurt?" I asked, looking at the dildo and then at her.

"Bobby, what hurts me, might not hurt you." She answered. "What hurts you might not hurt me. People have different thresholds for pain and different ideas about pleasure. Personally, I love anal sex and I've been enjoying it regularly since I was your age. For a submissive, this is almost the ultimate act of giving up control. Letting someone else fuck your ass... I mean when you willingly let someone stick a cock in your butt just like it was a vagina, I'm sure, for some, it has to be a humbling... maybe even a humiliating act of the ultimate submission. Think about it, Bobby, I'll be taking you from behind. You'll be totally passive. You're just going to bend over and then I'm going to fuck your virgin ass with my cock."

As if she was trying to nullify any fears she raised, she added "You have to be careful, yes. But, I know how to do it and I'll be so gentle with your cute little butt, sweetheart.... I promise I'll try to make it a wonderful experience that we can cherish together. Baby, I wasn't trying to scare you before. If you don't like it once we get started, just tell me and we can stop."

She took my hovering hand in hers and moved close to me as she finished what she was saying. "I'll be honest with you, baby. Many people think it's horribly painful and many see anal sex as perverted. Bobby, I don't know what it will be like for you, but, I know you stand a much better chance of it being a good experience if you do it with someone that loves you and cares about you."

The funny thing is that she said the exact things I needed to hear. There was really no need for her to tell me she was going to be gentle, I absolutely knew that from the bottom of my heart. What clinched it for me was her description of it being the ultimate act of submission. Once I heard that, I'm not sure I heard anything else. I was ready to agree, I was ready to let her take me. I wanted her to take me. And, I wanted it to be just as she said. "a wonderful experience we can cherish together."

My hand floated over to the dildo and I picked it up, holding it by the shaft. She leaned into me and whispered in my ear saying "Sweetheart, you won't be sorry. I promise – you won't be sorry."

She reached her hand to mine and she held my wrist. "Bobby, this is my cock." She said. "It would please me if you treated it nicely while I get everything ready to make love to you. Baby, my cock likes to be licked and sucked. It likes to be pampered, held in a nice warm mouth, stroked and caressed. That's my cock, Bobby. I know you want to please me, so go ahead and show me how you take care of mommy's cock."

I don't remember actually moving the dildo to my mouth, but it got there because I found myself sucking the tip. I remembered the verbs she used, 'stroked', 'licked', 'sucked', and 'caressed'. Having no experience on this side of a cock, it was a little unsettling, but as I tried my best to interpret what she wanted, she seemed pleased. She was smiling and her eyes were as wide as saucers.

I held the fake cock like an ice cream cone and ran my mouth around the tip as I watched her. Her hand snaked up and curled itself around mine and I felt her trying to gently guide it in and out of my mouth. After a minute, I closed my lips around the cock and let her move it freely in and out. "There you go," she said, "that's what the boys like, sweetheart. That's how you're going to make your daddy and Uncle Mike feel good....... that's how you're going to please me, baby, by sucking just like that."

She continued to guide it in and out of my mouth, giving me little hints along the way. She would say "Next time you get to the tip, run your tongue around the head a few times and then take as much of it as you can in your mouth comfortably."

She watched me for a minute and then remarked "Very good, sweetheart. Are you sure you haven't done this before?"

Looking up at her, I saw her smile. She leaned in close to me, put her lips next to my ear and very softly said "I'm just kidding you, baby. I know you're a virgin. You're such a slut, though, aren't you? Sucking that cock so well.... just like you've been doing it for years. You're a very nasty girl, Bobby. Now, just keep doing what you're doing and come with me."

She took my free hand and led me into my sister's room. Pointing to the bed, she said "Sit." Continuing to pleasure her 'cock' with my mouth, I watched as she opened my sister's closet door and removed a small suitcase from the floor. Setting it on the bed next to me, she opened it. As I tried to look inside the suitcase she held up her hand. "No, no, no," she said, "no peeking, sweetie. Close your eyes and keep doing what you're doing until I say so. No peeking or you'll spoil mommy's surprise."

It's not as if I was playing along at all, I was extremely excited and turned on. I didn't know what the hell she was doing in my sister's room, but being in there dressed as I was and sucking the plastic cock multiplied my excitement a hundred fold. It seemed so decadently nasty.

I heard the rustling of clothes and then the sound of the suitcase closing. "Keep 'em closed, Bobby. You're going to be so surprised, baby. Oh, this is going to be so, so good!"

I felt the weight of the suitcase lift from the bed and heard her footsteps retreat to the closet and then the sounds of hangers moving back and forth. "You stay right there, sweetie." She said, and I heard her footsteps leave the room. A few seconds later, I heard her in her bedroom, I think, opening and closing drawers. After a few minutes, she returned, and sat on the bed next to me.

"Oh, baby," she said, "this is going to be so wonderful for you, sweetheart. All you need to do is trust me and you'll get to have everything you asked for today. Now, don't spoil my surprise by opening your eyes..... just a few more minutes and I'll let you open them."

I felt her touch my hand that held the plastic cock in my mouth. "Here, you can stop sucking for a few minutes." She said, as she eased my hand away from my mouth. "Keep holding it, Bobby. Remember I told you how pleased I would be if you treated it nicely? Well, I'm very pleased so far, baby, very pleased...."

I heard the sounds of more rustling of clothes next to me and then I felt her hand on my cock and her lips kiss mine. She moved her lips to the side of my neck and kissed me several times in a line up to my ear. The sensation of her hand grasping my cock and her breath on my neck was indescribable, giving me goose bumps up and down my body as she jacked me and grazed her lips ever so lightly against my skin. Whispering, almost so light that I couldn't hear her, she finally spoke, saying "Sweetheart, mommy's going to take your cherry soon. But it would please me if you were dressed for the part.... dressed like a virgin, Bobby..... in girl's white cotton panties, and a white cotton bra, and some nice white tights with a cute little skirt and a special little surprise to add just the final touch. I want you to be a good girl while I dress you, sweetheart. No peeking yet. Do you promise mommy you won't peek?"

I was about ready to have a full sensory meltdown and pass out. The combination of her hand on my cock, her warm breath against my neck and the words she whispered gave me so much to process that my head was in emotional overlaod. "Come on, baby, you have to promise me you won't look yet." She asked again.

"Okay," I said, "I mean.... I won't look. I'll keep my eyes closed, but for heaven's sake, whatever you're going to do, just hurry. I'm going to erupt any second if you don't quit teasing me like this."

"Oh, baby, you're going to be so cute," she replied, "but, we can't rush this, sweetie, I want you to experience the anticipation and your transformation into a sweet virgin girl. It's okay to be excited, baby..... but, absolutely no touching that nasty ol' wiener, Bobby."

She took my hands, pulled me to my feet and turned me around. Standing behind me, I felt her hands go to my hips and her fingers grasp the waistband of my panties. Without saying a word, she pulled my panties down and left them just above my knees. "Sometimes," she said from behind me, "a girl wants to tease her lover by slipping her panties down, but not off, and letting herself be seen in a vulnerable exposed position like this."

Gawd, I knew exactly what she meant, too. I felt it all over me. Even though I wasn't facing her, I felt a surge of excitement and naughtiness as I stood there, imagining someone looking at me and focusing their eyes directly on my exposed and excited genitals. "Maybe," she said, "I'll slip your panties down like this in front of someone and let them look at you. Would you like that, sweetheart?"

My cock was throbbing and pulsing. I took a deep breath before I answered her, but, before I could say anything, she gasped, saying "Oh Bobby! You're dripping! Here," she said, moving my free hand to the tip of my cock, "you have to feel this." I didn't have to feel myself long. My cock head was literally covered with the slippery precum and sure enough, it was almost flowing out of me. I tightened and flexed my cock muscles and she gasped again as I felt it drip into my hand. "Here," she said, "let me...."


She moved my hand up and I felt her lick my fingers and the palm of my hand. The sounds she made as she licked were animalistic and aggressive. I wanted so bad to open my eyes and watch her, but, I adhered to my promise and kept my eyes shut.

"Stay right where you are and don't move." She said. I heard her running out of my sister's room and back into her own. In just a few seconds, I heard her run back and stop next to me. "Bobby, I didn't know this was going to be so difficult for you and I can see now how excited you are. You're literally leaking all over yourself and on your sister's bed, so, I'm going to put a condom on you. Maybe its best anyway," she continued, "we'll be able to catch all this sweet precum, and in case you ejaculate, it'll catch that too. Plus, maybe we can share a little afternoon snack later."

I heard her open the foil package and remove the condom. Holding my cock with one hand, she placed the rubber over the head of my cock and began to roll it down my shaft. "My gawd, Bobby, you're running like a faucet! I've never seen so much precum."

I was a total mess by now. With all the excitement, her intentional teasing and her holding my cock, I just knew I was going to have an unintended accident soon. I didn't feel like I was going to cum, but I was throbbing and I knew that meant I was in the danger zone.

When she finished putting the condom on me, she stood behind me and said, "Okay now baby, arms up."

I lifted my arms as she pulled the baby-doll top up and over my head. As she pulled it clear, she reached around and rubbed my nipples. "Oh...." She said. "Your father's nipples get like this, too, sweetheart. All puffed up and hard..... and he loves it when I suck on them for him....."

I felt her warm breath as her lips encircled my right nipple and gently sucked. "HOLY FUCK!" My mind screamed. I didn't know my nipples were this sensitive, and it was one hell of a shock. It felt great. No, better than great, it felt wonderful and as she was doing something with her lips and tongue that caused me to get this warm, goose bump feeling up and down my spine again. I melted into her and held her head to my breast, wishing she wouldn't stop soon.

"Oh," she said as she pulled back, "you like that, huh? Well, I don't want to push you over the edge yet, so let's finish getting you dressed for your deflowering."

She stood behind me again, and I felt something brush against my back. "Arms up, sweetie."

Once again, I put my arms up as I hoped and prayed the next thing I would feel is her fastening a bra around my chest.

"This was your sister's bra, baby. It's an 'A' cup," she told me, "but it's padded so you'll look like you have something up there. It might be a little tight, but, it's a young lady's bra, perfect for a cute little virgin like you, sweetheart." I felt her pull it tight and clasp the back, then straighten and adjust the straps across my shoulders. She moved to the side and turned me to face her. She reached up and adjusted it to fit snugly across my non-breasts and then the room went totally silent.

"Mom?" I said.

Finally, she broke the silence saying, "It's breathtaking, baby. It's perfect. I mean, maybe you should really have a 36, but, it isn't bad, Bobby. Don't you dare peek yet."

"Sweetheart," she said as she moved my hand holding the dildo back to my mouth, "You can suck some more if you want to. It would please me if you did." I was so worked up now that I would have done anything for her. This time when I began to suck the cock, it felt much more natural to me. I don't know if it was just the familiarity of having it in my mouth before, or, the fact that the bra gave me some new female confidence that it was okay to have a cock in my mouth. In any event, I began to suck it as I had seen her suck my own cock and I was trying to imitate her actions as I remembered them and emulate the way she looked.

"Very good, sweetie." She remarked. "If I didn't think it would startle you, I would say you're taking to that much better than I thought you would." I felt her grasp my condom covered cock and stroke it for a second and then she said "You're such an eager little girl, aren't you?"

"Uh, mom," I said, pulling the plastic cock momentarily out of my mouth, "if you keep doing that, you're going to make me cum. I'm just warning you."

"Oh, yeah," she answered. "I didn't mean to tease you, sweetheart. It's just so cute and I can't keep my hands away from it."

"Let's see, now," she said, "I think the panties are next." She kneeled in front of me and lowered my panties the rest of the way, asking me to step out of them. As I lifted one foot, and then the other, I felt my cock rub against her head. I almost expected her to take my cock into her mouth and tease me again, but she didn't.

"Now," she continued, "let's try these on and see how they fit you, shall we?" She went on to say that the panties she was putting me in were some of my sister's full cut cotton panties, adding they were still in good shape, Linda just didn't like them because they weren't in style and she refused to wear them anymore.

They felt tighter than any of the other panties I had worn. Holding my cock up against my belly, she pulled them up and adjusted the waistband around my hips until they were on me right. I felt the tightness of the panty hug my cock and balls tightly against my body, and when she moved her hands to the back and cupped my buns in her hands, she uttered "Oh, yes.... these are fine, Bobby".

"Your little butt looks so cute in these, sweetheart! The elastic on the leg holes and the waist has some very fancy stitching." She said. "Oh, yes..... these are just perfect for a cute little virgin. Here's feel for yourself."

She took my free hand and pulled it down to my nuts and pressed my palm against them. "Go ahead," she said, "see how they fit and tell me if you like them."

I felt my balls and then slid up to feel my hard cock held vertically against my stomach tightly. Then, I felt higher – to the waist to find they came up about as high as my own tidey-whities did. Feeling behind me, the material hugged my butt cheeks and I grabbed a handful of my own ass just to see how it would feel.

"I need you to sit down now, sweetie." She said, turning me around and backing me up against the bed. "Hold your foot out for me," she asked, "so I can put your tights on."

I held my foot out to her as she knelt in front of me. "These aren't really tights, baby," she explained, "I thought tights might restrict your legs too much so I'm going to let you wear some of my white thigh high stockings." As she worked to pull the stocking up my leg and straighten it out, I experienced another huge boost of excitement. The sensation of her hands when she ran them up and down my leg was electric. I could feel the silkiness of the fabric through every pore in my body. "Okay," she said, "now the other foot."

As I stretched it out to her, she told me that the thigh highs had an elastic band at the top which would keep the thigh highs from falling down. After a minute, she asked me to stand up and when I did, she pulled them both up to the top of my legs, smoothed them out and evened the tops out, pulling them up to just below my crotch. I thought about opening my eyes and taking a look at my legs, but I knew she was tremendously excited about dressing me and wanted to make it a big surprise when she was all done, so I kept them closed.

Lastly, I felt her wrap something around my waist and then tug it to the right and then to the left. "This wrap around skirt," she said, "is perfect for you, Bobby. It's got velcro on the waist and it comes down enough to just barely cover the top of your stockings and it's short enough to leave almost nothing to the imagination. Your sister used to wear it years ago, but I think it's the perfect look for you right now."

"Okay, just let me check everything before you open your eyes, sweetie." She said as she put her hands on my bra to tug it down a bit. "You don't have any boobs to keep this in place, but it will work for now, sweetheart. What we really need to do is get you a few things of your own so they'll fit you properly. I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you?"

In response, I pushed the plastic cock all the way into my mouth and held it there as I nodded my head up and down. She laughed, saying "Yeah, I thought you might be interested in that."

I felt her reach up and straighten my hair with her fingers, pushing it out of my eyes and behind my ears. She loved to do that, always scolding me that I looked so 'unkept', as she would say. "Well, sweetie," she sighed, "I think we're ready. I've got to admit, you look sizzling to me. Hold on one more second and then you can open your eyes."

She took my hand and tugged me a few steps forward, turned me a little to the right and then reached up to pull the plastic cock down from my mouth and out of my hands. . "Ok, sweetie," she said, "open your eyes and tell me what you think?"

End of chapter 11. Next: Mother makes love to Bobby with the strap-on.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 12
byPro_Ball_Player©

When I opened my eyes, I was standing in front of my sister's full length mirror. Believe it or not, I was so surprised at what I saw I had to look up at my face to make sure it was really me standing there. I would say that the sight took my breath away, but that's such an understatement and doesn't really describe the way I felt about the way I looked. I think the best way to describe it is this: I was a girl.

The skirt was made of wool, red and white checked, almost like a school girl skirt. I could see that it really didn't wrap around enough to be my size since the flaps only overlapped an inch or two. It was incredibly short and when I moved, I could see the top band of the stockings peek out from under the skirt. Pulling the flaps apart, I got my first glimpse of my panties – pure white, with a huge bulge running up the middle. I saw mom's reflection in the mirror checking me out to gauge my reaction, and she was trying to hide her smile, but not doing a very good job of it.

With the exception of the bulge in the front of my panties and my hair, I had been transformed into a girl. I never had any interest in stockings before, but as I rubbed my legs together and ran my hands over them, I decided that was going to change. My hands traveled up to my bra, and as I touched it, I turned from side to side, looking at my reflection. I squeezed the cups covering my non-boobs and found the bra was, as she said, very well padded. But, looking at the reflection of my profile, it was obvious that I now had a 'bust'. Maybe not a big one, but it was the chest of a girl, not the chest of a guy.

Admiring my reflection, I hadn't seen her slip away from Linda's room. But, I saw her when she came back through the doorway, smiling and holding something small in her hand.

"Bobby," she said, "if you really wanted to go all the way dressing up as a girl, we would need to get you some clothes of your own, do something about your hairy legs, your straggly hair and your rough skin. But, you're just as cute as you could be the way you are... there's just one last thing I want to do now." She stepped behind me so I couldn't see her and after just a second or two, I saw her finger come up and touch my neck right behind my earlobe.

"We have to be careful with this," she said, "I don't want your sister, and especially your father, to be able to tell when they get home. This is my favorite perfume, baby. It's not cologne, or any of that cheap stuff. I only use a tiny, tiny bit on special occasions and I love the way it makes me smell. The problem is that when your father smells it, all the blood in his body goes south and the only thing on his mind will be sex. Isn't that devilish? Seriously, I'm not kidding, this stuff drives him wild. So, we're only going to use a smidge and maybe it will help you feel a little more feminine. It's called Halston."

It wasn't long before I could smell it. As soon as it hit my nostrils, I immediately recognized it. Yes, I had smelled it before wafting through the house and yes, it was as good as she said. I felt warm knowing she'd shared one of her special feminine secrets with me.

She stood next to me and we looked at each other in the mirror. "Seems a little foolish to spend all that time getting ready and all dolled up just so I can undress you and do what we're about to do, doesn't it?" She asked.

"It doesn't seem foolish to me, mom." I answered. "I can't describe the way I feel right now, but, I feel good. It's not like dressing up for Halloween or anything like that. I know you're overdoing all of this strictly for my benefit – kind of a 'try before you buy it' kind of thing. I really appreciate that, mom. Really, I do. And I'm really ready for the rest, too."

Turning to me and resting her hand on my chest, we looked into each other's eyes and kissed very softly, pecking each others lips several times. "That's true, Bobby." She said. "I've tried to lay it on pretty thick since I don't know if we'll ever have a chance like this again. I pushed you emotionally and physically – and I swear I've never seen a boy or a man get hard as often or as fast as you can."

We chuckled together for a minute and then she continued, "Seriously, Bobby, I've done everything I can to give you little tastes of the things we talked about, and I've exaggerated some things, too. I just thought that if you never got another chance to explore and talk about these things, at least you would have had at least one chance.... with me."

We kissed again, and I told her I loved her. "I know, baby," she said, "I know you do, and I love you, too."

We looked into each other's eyes for what seemed like a long time as we hugged. Before she spoke, she patted my tits, smiling as she fingered the cups of my cotton bra and then she said it. 'It' was the words that I knew she would have to eventually say to me before she fucked me and when my father and sister's return was imminent.

"Baby, in just a few minutes I'm going to take you by the hand and lead you to my bed where I'm going to make love to you the way you asked me to. You'll have to forgive me for telling you earlier that I was going to 'fuck' you, I know that sounded harsh, but I had to see if you really wanted this.... I can see now that you do. I want you to treasure this time so much, Bobby, because you're only innocent once. When you lose your virginity, everything changes, baby. So, I'm going to make love to you slowly and gently and I'm going to try to make it something special between us that you'll remember forever. Granted, maybe it's not the same virginity you want me to take, but, it's perhaps the best I can do for now."

"There's three things I want to say before we do this." She said. "First, once your father and sister get home, we have to go back to normal. I don't know what will happen in the future, but when they get home it has to appear the same as it was when they left. Second, I want you to promise me you'll think about talking with your father. I said this before and I'll say it one more time. Just give him a chance, that's all I'm asking. And lastly, remember there's going to be no regrets, no shame and no guilt."

"Mom," I began, "I already decided I would try to talk to dad and I was planning to ask you to be there with me. As long as you'll do that, I'll give it a try. It's not that I don't trust what you said about him, it's more that I want you to be there, too. And, I understand about going back to normal, I knew we would have to do that."

"Good." She answered. "Are you ready then?"

"Oh, yeah," I replied, "I'm more than ready."

"Well, let's have a quick look at you then and we'll see if we can get the show on the road. Pull your skirt up for me, sweetie." She asked.

She stood in front of me with her arms folded across her chest and her breasts cradled upon them. I got a huge burst of excitement as I reached down and lifted the hem of my skirt. "Lift it all the way up for me, sweetheart," she asked, "I want to check inside your panties."

I almost came when she said those words. I lifted the skirt above my waist and stood there as she looked at me. I felt deliciously exposed and exhilarated at the same time, too. It felt delightful to stand in front of her like this. I felt my face turn red and my heart rate increased, but I knew that was because of the excitement, not because I was embarrassed. I proudly held my skirt up for her to see me. My cock was angrily pushing against the cotton panties which were tented out by the force of my erection. She stepped forward and put her hands at the elastic of my panties and pulled them out so she could look inside. When she did, my cock perched out toward her, now free to seek its own erect angle. The condom was still firmly in place, but it was obvious there was a significant amount of precum trapped inside. As my cock strained toward the ceiling, she twisted it from side to side to make sure the condom was secure and when she was satisfied, she held my cock against my belly and then pulled the panties back in place and rubbed me for a few seconds.

"I think we'll just leave the condom on, sweetheart." She said. "It's been my experience that guys will either cum spontaneously or eventually masturbate themselves while they are getting it with a strap on. Remember this morning when I put my finger in you?" She asked.

I nodded my head, answering "Oh yes, I remember."

"Well this will feel a little different than that, I imagine." She said. "We're going to use the dildo you've been sucking and it's long enough for the tip to easily massage your prostrate gland. Maybe I shouldn't say this, but, Uncle Mike and your father both cum bucket-fulls with the strap-on. It can actually be kind of violent sometimes; at least it looks that way to me because it sneaks up on them and the next thing you know they are shaking and convulsing and literally spraying cum everywhere. It might happen to you, too."

I didn't know if she was telling me this to warn me or to tease me. To be honest, it sounded wonderful to me and wearing the condom wasn't a problem to me. I just wondered if she had an ulterior motive with the condom that she wasn't telling me about.

"Here's my best advice, Bobby." She continued. "Most of all, don't stiffen up on me. I'm not going to hurt you, you'll see. And, try to relax, especially those muscles you use when you clench your butt together."

I nodded my head to say that I got all that.

"When you feel it going in, press back with your muscles... I know this sounds gross, baby....... but, like you were going to the bathroom. That will open you up. Once you get used to it, it'll be fine, and I think you'll really enjoy it if you relax, let me do the work and just let it happen. Think 'submissive' sweetie."

"Okay," I said, "I'm not going to fight it, Mom. I want to do this."

"I know you're saying that now," she added, "but when we get in there, something might distract you and make you might lose your focus. Sweetheart, this can be one of the best feelings you've ever felt if you just let it happen. I'm not trying to brag, but, I'm pretty darn good at this. Just relax and trust me. Okay?"

I smiled and hugged her. "Really, mom," I said, "there's no need to worry. I trust you."

"Well." she sighed. "I guess this is it."

"Yeah," I answered, "I guess so."

She looked at me for a minute and smiled softly. I put my arms out and wrapped them around her, pulling her close to me. I felt her breasts against my chest. I looked in my sister's mirror and what I saw made me do a double-take, it looked like two women hugging... breast to breast.

She giggled a little and rubbed her hips back and forth across mine and I could feel the pressure of her body against my cock, safely hidden under my skirt and panties. "You know," she said, "I don't know who's more nervous, sweetheart.... you or me."

I smiled and answered "It must be you because I'm not nervous at all. Anxious, yes, but nervous – no."

"Come on," she said. "it's time."

She took my hand and started to turn toward the doorway of my sister's room, taking our first steps toward something I didn't even know I wanted twenty four hours ago. In that instant, I flashed back to the previous day in the laundry room and the tender way she got me to open up about the panties I stole from her and my sister. The gentleness she displayed holding her panties to my nose as I masturbated in front of her was more than I deserved. The way she listened to me without condemnation or judgment.... it was all incredible. Taking the last step before we entered her room, I felt blessed – truly blessed that I had a mother who cared for me so much that she would do these things for me.

When we arrived by the side of her bed, she pulled the sheet and comforter back all the way and let them fall off the end of the bed. Patting the bed, she turned to me, raised her eyebrows and said "Up you go, sweetheart."

I crawled up on the bed, turned and sat down. She went into her bathroom and returned with a tube of KY jelly and set it on the bed. Then she went to her closet and pulled out a zippered bag and brought it over next to me. Unzipping it, she reached in and pulled out a leather harness with straps. Reaching out her hand to me, she asked for the plastic cock saying, "Watch how this works, baby."

As I watched, she inserted the dildo into the harness and secured it in place. Mounted in the harness, it looked smaller now than it did when I was holding it. It was a comforting sight, but I was still starting to get nervous. "Here," she said as she handed the harness to me, "can you hold my cock for a second?" I had to smile as I reached out to take the black leather contraption from her. It seemed to be a funny thing for a mother to ask her son, and she smiled back at me as I reached out and took it from her.

Her hands went to her waist and she pushed her panties down her legs and stepped out of them. Picking them up, she tossed them to me and with a smirk she said "I think you've earned these, sweetie. They are yours to keep."

Stretching her hand out to me, she asked me for the harness back and I gave it to her. Her hands were shaking a little now, but she was determined to continue. I watched as she stepped into it, fastened it around her waist and then tightened the lower velcro straps to make the whole thing secure. She put her hands on her hips, took a step to the edge of the bed and crooked her finger to me as if to say 'come here'. I scooted up to the edge of the bed, but that's not what she wanted. "No, sweetie, lay down on your tummy with your head toward me." She asked. As I did, she motioned me closer and closer to her until I was right in front of her cock. "Now lean up on your elbows." She said.

She leaned forward and without saying a word, put her hands on the back of my head and guided me towards it. I took the hint and immediately opened my mouth and began sucking her. I tried to imitate everything I had seen her do, seen on the internet or in a porn movie. I sucked that plastic cock like a coed at a frat party. I tried to give my best performance, hungrily licking, kissing and sucking it as I looked up to her face for approval. I held the shaft and took it deep. I licked up and down the sides and sucked around the rim. She was looking down at me as she caressed my head and murmured what a good job I was doing. I knew she was pleased – I could tell it in her eyes.

After watching me suck her cock for a few minutes, she leaned over and snaked her hands around my head and under my chest. I felt her burrow into my bra, past the heavily padded cups to find my nipples. At first she just touched them, running her fingers around my little buds. Then she started lightly pinching the flesh around my breasts as if she was trying to pull my flat chest into real boobs. After a minute, she moved her fingers back to my nipples and grasped the miniature tips, rubbing them between her thumb and first finger. Even though her fondling restricted my sucking movements, the sensations being received by my nipples more than made up for what I lost orally. "Sweetie," she said, "a man's nipples are every bit as sensitive as a woman's. Most people wouldn't believe that, but it's true. There are just as many sensory receptors in a man's nipple as there are in a woman's".

I fully accepted what she said as the truth because as she tweaked my nipples, my cock became more agitated and it throbbed more. I even felt it in my belly – every time she tweaked me, my stomach would get butterflies.

In my current position, I could feel my cock aching and pulsing, pushing against my panties. Out of sheer desperation, I began to rub myself against the bed, grinding my cock back and forth just to relieve the growing need to be touched there.

As she leaned over me, she reached down and lifted my skirt up over by butt and spoke very softly, almost in her whispering voice telling me "Sweetie, you look so cute dressed like that, you're making mommy so wet and excited. And you're sucking mommy's cock so well, baby. I'm so proud of you, sweetie, so proud of your courage and your honesty. And mommy's going to reward you very soon by making love to her little panty man. I admire you, too, sweetie. You get a chance to experience something most men never do, and it will be good for you. Not only will you enjoy it, but, you'll get a chance to see what it feels like to have anal sex and that means you'll be better at it when you are the one giving, and not receiving."

She rose up and pulled my head away from her cock. My mouth and chin were wet with slobber and she smiled down at me as she rubbed the wetness away from my mouth with her hand. Leaning down, she kissed me lightly on my forehead, crinkled up her nose and asked if I was ready. I crinkled my nose back at her and then nodded my head up and down – my way of pleading with her to hurry.

"Okay then," she said, "move over to the middle of the bed and get on your hands and knees for me."

While I was moving, she reached up and took two pillows from the head of the bed and laid them down. Climbing up on the bed, she moved up next to me and told me to lift up. She folded one pillow in half and then slid them both between my arms. "This is for your head to rest on sweetie. You'll be more comfortable with you're head resting on something once you're in this position for a while."

I laid my head down on the pillows and looked at her. Moving up right next to me, she put one hand on my back and started to rub it up and down very softly. "Just rest for a minute," she said, "I want you to concentrate on my touch for a few minutes while you get used to this position."

She continued to stroke me and on her down stroke, she straightened out my skirt so it hung down across my butt again as if she was concerned about my modesty. At the same time, her other hand went in between my legs and found my cock. The cotton panties were losing their fight to keep my hardened cock in place and they were tented so much that I knew she could run her hands down inside my panties through the large gap at my waist. Her hand that was stroking my back mysteriously found its way to my bottom, and she started caressing my butt cheeks and running her hand between my legs from the back. Her touch was light and gentle, and thankfully, she didn't stop as she spoke to me again.

"Sweetie, you can rest your head and close your eyes if you want. You don't have to say anything if you don't want to. You can hold my panties, or do anything you want to now. I just need to help you get your legs into the right position or they're going to get tired and sore and then you won't enjoy it."

I closed my eyes and relaxed the muscles in my neck so my head floated down into the softness of the pillow and I concentrated solely on her voice and her touch. "Baby, your knees are too close together." She said. "We have to move your knees further apart and more forward. At first, you might feel stretched, but you'll find that it takes almost no effort to stay like that."

She continued to run her hand all over my pantied bottom and down between my legs while she rubbed the front of my panties. I didn't say a word – I was content to simply lie there and enjoy.

Without taking her hands off me, she leaned down to my ear and licked around it, sending shivers down my arms and back. I smiled as I silently rested. I felt a big grin overtake my face as the shivers wilted and I felt her breath on my neck. "Sweetie, just lift up and slide your knees out a little more. Can you do that?" She asked.

She told me before she was really good at this. I guess years of using a strap on with my dad or Uncle Mike could have made her an expert, so I did exactly as she asked. I lifted up and slid my knees out with her help. I instantly noticed how much more comfortable it was for me. I didn't really think I was uncomfortable before, but, this was much better. When I got into the new position, I wiggled my butt to work myself into a stable position. As I did, she pulled her hand away from my cock and ran it up my chest. I know this sounds weird, but, she never stopped touching me. As she was moving me and talking to me, her hands never left my body. And while some might not understand the importance of that, I did. I noticed it and I noticed it was deliberate.

She continued to stroke my bottom and my chest until I was in the exact position she wanted. She brought my knees forward and out, and before long, I was comfortably resting again.

"Sweetie, just stop me if you get uncomfortable with anything." She said as I felt her hand lift the skirt and fold it up over my bottom. In my mind, I knew this was it. It was staring now. I settled my head into the pillow and waited.

She didn't say anything as she reached for the KY jelly and moved behind me. Her hand never left my back until I felt her move up right behind me and lean over. She reached under me and pulled my panties away from my erection and down from the front, tucking them under my balls.

Then sliding her hands around my waist, she hooked her fingers into the back of the panties and pulled them down, too, stopping when they were at the bottom of my butt cheeks. I realized now why she wanted my knees more forward. Had she not done that, there's no way these panties would have come down far enough to make her entry possible.

She continued to touch me in some way as she did all of this. I'm not even sure when she opened the tube of KY, but right before she touched me, she told me to relax and not worry. "I'm not going to push inside yet, baby. I just want to put some lube on you." She said.

I was startled at first by the coolness of the lubricant on her finger. But as she rubbed it directly on my opening, it warmed quickly and I relaxed again. She did this three or four times, applying more and more lube as her touch concentrated more and more on my exact middle. I didn't even realize I was opening up, but she did, I'm sure. As she continued to touch me back there, I relaxed more and as I did, I opened up more. Soon, she told me she thought I was ready for a deeper touch, saying "I'm just going to touch you a little inside now, sweetie. Not very far. You're doing fine, baby."

She put more lube on her finger and touched me again. I didn't feel her push into me and I was surprised when she asked me if I was okay. "My finger is about one inch inside you now, how are you doing? Still okay?" She asked.

I nodded my head up and down and she said "Good."

When I finally felt pressure, she was slowly working her finger in and out of my butt. "I'm just going in and out very slowly, baby. About two inches, that's all. You're doing so well, baby." She said.

She withdrew her finger after a minute and I heard her squeeze out more KY and put her finger back against my hole. "Just a little deeper now," she said, "you might get the urge to clinch down on my finger. If you do, that's okay."

This time, I felt her finger sliding into me. I tried hard not to clinch, but the urge to do so was almost overpowering. Instead, I pushed back as she told me to. We were both surprised when her finger went in all the way and the urge to clinch totally subsided. "Nicely done, sweetie," she said, "the hard part is all done now. You're completely lubricated. I just want to play for a minute or two more, if that's okay."

I smiled and wiggled my butt. "Oh, yes...." I moaned, "Oh...... this is really good, mom."

I wasn't bullshiting her. Even though I knew we were going to be in a battle for time, this felt too good for me to stop her. So, without stopping this time, I felt her squeeze more lube onto her fingers and push into me slowly and deeply.

"Oh! Fuck!" I moaned.

"I'm sorry, baby," she said, "did I hurt you?"

"No, no you didn't, Mom." I replied. "What ever you just did, it felt really good."

"Must have been your prostate gland," she said, "it's like the male G-spot, sweetie."

Laying there, a feeling of warmth filled me, emanating from my bottom. I concentrated on relaxing and just like magic, all the resistance melted and I was totally hers. Her finger moved in and out of me effortlessly. She would slide in and let her finger sit inside me for a long time, and then slowly back out. She developed a rhythm and as she did, my cock jerked. The more I relaxed, the better it felt. She started to speed her finger up, a little at a time at first, and then more and more. Before long, her finger was gliding into me so fast that it all felt like one smooth motion.

The whole time she was fingering me, her other hand was stroking my back and lightly touching my cock. Slowing down, for a minute, she paused and asked how I was doing. In my bliss, I could only nod my head.

Okay, then," she said, "let's try two fingers. Just relax and you'll do fine, baby."

I could tell the difference between one and two fingers. I started to clinch up, but she stopped as soon as I did and waited for me to relax. As she began again, she went in much slower and I was able to avoid clenching. "How you doing?" She asked.

With my eyes closed and gently supported by the pillows I was fine. I was initially prepared for a searing pain and painful stretching of my ass, but it wasn't like that at all. I was fine. Her words about submission came to me and I put them in context to what she was doing at this exact moment and everything became clear. The reason I could do this was because I trusted her not to hurt me. That level of trust transcended any fear I had and so instead of this being an act of courage, it was an act of pleasure. It was easy to understand why my father would want this, too.

Soon, her two fingers were gliding into me just as easy as her one finger did. Bending down to my ear, she said, "Bobby, I think you're ready. Can I make love to you now?"

Again, I nodded my head up and down. Keeping her fingers slowly moving in me, I felt her shift on the bed and come to rest directly behind me. I could feel her almost against my butt cheeks, inching closer and closer.

Finally, it happened. She slowed her fingers and pulled them out. She placed the cock head against my anus, but she didn't push into me. "Just push back a little on me, sweetie." When I did, I felt her fingers pull me apart and then it slipped right in.

It wasn't any bigger than her two fingers put together, that I had seen, but the fullness of the cock made it feel like it was bigger. I didn't feel any pain or discomfort, though, it just felt fuller. Slowly, she leaned forward and I felt it deep in me. Soon, I felt her hips against my cheeks. "That's it baby, I'm in all the way." She said. "Still okay?" She asked.

"Hmm," I said, "yes, fine."

"I love you, Bobby. You're being so good. Can you ask mommy to make love to you now?"

I didn't even open my eyes. "Mommy, would you make love to me?" I didn't want to be fucked. I wanted to share this incredible experience with her just like I had seen her do it with dad. I wanted her to be part of it.

I felt her move back and when she did, I felt the most unusual feeling behind my balls. It felt deep. In just a second, she moved forward and I felt that feeling again. Reversing again, I realized she was doing it. I was being taken. She was making love and I was the focus of her love.

"Oh, sweetie," she said, "can you feel mommy in you? Can you feel my cock sliding in and out of you. I'm making love to you now, baby. Mommy is taking your virginity."

"Aaaahhhh," I moaned, "oh, yes....."

She slid into me and I felt her stop. She leaned forward and rested herself on top of me. Wiggling her hips, I felt her work her cock deeper and deeper into me. Her right hand left my hip and moved around my torso to find my cock. In a way, I felt disconnected from it until she grasped it and began stroking me. But as soon as she touched it, I felt it jerk wildly. "Aaaahhhh." I gasped.

Pushing her cock into me and rocking back and forth, she stopped stroking and held me tightly saying, "Do you like mommy's cock, baby? Does that feel good when I push it in deep like that? I know it does, sweetie..... I know you're loving this."

She was right. I was loving it. I felt very open and exposed. I felt vulnerable and submissive. I felt warm and loved. It was wonderful.

Lying there receiving her cock in my ass and feeling her grip begin to move up and down my cock, a swelling began inside me much like I felt this morning when her fingers were in my bottom. I knew I was close to cumming.

"I feel like I'm going to cum soon!" I gasped.

I felt her let go of my cock and rise up off my back. In one movement she pulled her cock partially out and then thrust in. "Oh, yeah!" I cried out. The friction of the cock sliding out and then plunging deep into my bottom was overpowering. "Fuck me!" I screamed. I didn't care at this point if she made love to me or fucked me, I just wanted more of it. "Come on," I begged, "please..... just fuck me."

Responding to my request, she stripped away all pretence of gentleness and began thrusting into me as fast and as hard as I had seen her fuck my father. The way the bed moved and the way my body moved under her was proof that she was letting me have all of it. The gloves were off and I was getting the full treatment.

"Put you hand on your cock and stroke it for me." She said. I was more than happy to reach down to grab myself and start stroking. The condom didn't interfere a bit, and if anything, it heightened the sensation across the crown of my cock. "That's it, baby," she groaned, "stroke that big, strong cock."

As she continued to slide in and out of me, I passed the point of no return. "Oh, oh, oh, oh!" I yelled as I gave into the involuntary reflex actions that took over. My cock became even harder and my legs began to shake and my hips trembled.

"You gonna cum now? She asked.

It was about to start and I couldn't speak. I just wanted to let it happen and enjoy it. Suddenly, I felt a sharp slap on my butt cheek and she yelled "Answer me, Bobby! Are you ready to cum now?"

"Yes!," I yelled back, "Fuck! I'm ready! I'm ready!"

I felt her lunge into me and bury her cock as far as it would go into my opened bottom. Pressing into me with more force than she had used before, she reached around, took my cock in her hand and began stroking me faster than I think I could stroke myself.

The rest all happened in slow motion. The pressure and buildup I was feeling all subsided for an instant and then everything erupted at one time. I felt my butt clinch around her cock and my own cock began to spasm. "Oh, yes, baby," she moaned, "I can feel you cumming. That's right, baby, let mommy make you cum.... let it all come out for me, baby."

During that time, I don't think I was fully coherent, but I let her jack me, stroke me and milk me until I was only a sweaty, panting mass of flesh collapsed on her bed. My own breathing was the only thing I could hear. I did feel some movement behind me, but I was trying to catch my breath and didn't pay much attention to it. I thought I felt her move away from me and opened my eyes to see her crawl over and lie down next to me. She didn't have the strap-on attached to her anymore and as I reached one of my hands back to my butt, I realized she had un-strapped herself and left the cock and harness hanging out of my bottom.

"Shhhh," she said, "just rest, sweetie. I'll slip that out of you in just a minute. I just thought you might want to lie here, basking in your afterglow, and didn't want you to be alone." She cuddled up next to me and I shared the pillow with her. Her eyes were flicking back and forth across my face and she had the beginning of a smile sprouting from the end of her lips. She kissed the tip of my nose and ran her fingers above my eyes to push the hair away and said "Told ya I was good at this."

End of chapter 12. Next: His sister gets a surprise.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 13
byPro_Ball_Player©

Author's Note: 1) This fictitious story deals with consentual sexual situations between adults, including inter-family situations, masturbation and feminization. If any of this is going to make you ill, please select something else to read. There's plenty of good stories on Literotica. 2) Also, I want to thank my friend, Jack, who proof read this chapter and offered suggestions that has made it better. 3) I have received an abundance of email on this series. Thank you for that. I try to answer each one personally. Many of your ideas and suggestions have been incorporated, or will be used in upcoming chapters. Thanks, and may the force be with you.

This chapter picks up immediately at the end of chapter 12 with no transition.

++++++++++

Have you ever been in a state where you were so utterly satisfied and content that you became oblivious to everything else around you? That's exactly where I was.

We shared the pillow, my mother and I, as I looked over at her through my squinty eyes, her lips finally turned up into that all knowing and understanding smile that simply seemed to say "Yes, I know." I smiled back at her briefly, then, suddenly feeling exhausted, I closed my eyes to rest.

I hadn't felt tired and in fact, I had been wound up so tightly since yesterday, sleep was the very last thing on my mind. But as she stroked my forehead and pushed the hair out of my eyes, I realized just how exhausted I was. Maybe it was the intense, almost non-stop excitement since yesterday, or maybe it was the fact that she had just shaken my entire world as I lay there, offering my bottom to her.

In any event, she must have either noticed or anticipated my exhaustion because she stayed with me for only a few minutes more before she softly said "Baby, let's slip that out of you now so you can relax your legs. Just stay where you are and I'll take care of everything."

I felt her move behind me and her soft, familiar touch returned, caressing my back as she did before she took my innocence. I only felt a slight pressure in my ass when she turned the harness from side to side as she slowly withdrew it. There was no pain or discomfort whatsoever, and when she pulled the dildo free from my butt, I felt.......well, I guess the best way to describe it is 'empty'. I expected her to say something, make a gesture or come back and lie down with me again, but she stepped off the end of the bed and disappeared into her bathroom.

I heard her turn on the water at the basin. Letting it run, she came back out and sat on the bed and reached for her panties. "Don't forget these, sweetheart," she said with a knowing smile as she handed them to me, "you never know when they'll come in handy."

I opened up my left hand and she placed the panties into my palm and closed my fingers around them as if she was giving me her most valued possession to hold for safe keeping. It was an incredibly touching sensation - the way her soft and warm hands closed up around my own.

Leaving the water running in her bathroom, she moved fully onto the bed and moved up next to me. Touching my shoulder she said "I just need to get that condom off you and then you can stretch out. Bear with me for a minute, sweetie."

She didn't take more than a whole ten seconds to pull the condom from my spent and soft cock. I felt it slip right off. She didn't bother to even try to roll the sheath down at all, I think she just put her hand around my shaft, grabbed the tip and pulled it off.

Moving back up toward my head, I heard her gasp and then giggle. Bending over to hold the condom up so I could see it, she remarked "Good thing we put a condom on you, huh?"

That was an understatement if I had ever heard one. As it hung in front of me, I could see the condom was full with at least an inch of my fluids, a mixture of pre-cum and the catchings of my flowing ejaculation. "Bobby," she remarked, "that's a hell of a lot of cum!"

"I'll just keep this for later." She said, as she stepped back off the bed and disappeared into the bathroom again. I heard her turn off the water at the sink and she came out with a wash cloth and reached over to my backside to wipe off the lube that was all over my bottom. "Okay," she continued, "go ahead and stretch your legs out behind you and just relax for a while. They might be stiff when you first move them, but, you'll be fine in a minute. Go ahead, sweetie." She urged.

She was right as usual. As I tried to slide my legs, I felt the stiffness and stopped. Helping me, she moved my knees closer together and then straightened them out under me as I pushed them back. Finally, I lowered my hips to the mattress and let my head sink into the pillows once again.

Watching her walk back into her bathroom, I closed my eyes and rested.

When I awoke, she was standing next to the bed looking at me, smiling as she tilted her head to the side, brushing her hair. Now fully dressed in her 'mom' clothes, she asked "Have a little nap, did we?"

I only smiled as I looked back at her. I didn't know how long I slept, but, it must have been a while because she had enough time to take a shower and get dressed. "Bobby," she said, "I'm not trying to sound crass, but, don't you love that 'just fucked' feeling?"

I smiled at her question and simply nodded my head 'yes'. And, it was true. I did feel like I was 'just fucked'. It's hard to describe, but the feeling I had was a mixture of submission, acceptance, accomplishment and satisfaction. I hoped she was, in some way, deeply affected, too, given they way she skillfully performed such an intimate and taboo act. I wanted to verbalize my feelings with her, but I knew she already knew.

She looked at the clock on her dresser and told me I needed to get cleaned up, too, before my father and sister got home from their fishing trip. "Come on, sweetie," she continued, "I ran you a nice, hot bath in the other bathroom. You can relax and soak in there for a while before they get home. I'll bring you a cold drink and help you wash up if you're not too embarrassed to let your ol' Mom give you a bath."

Setting her brush down, she reached out to me with her hand. "Come on, baby," she urged, "we don't want them to catch you with your panties pulled down like that, do we?"

I reached my hand out to her and she pulled me up. As I moved, I caught a whiff of the perfume she dabbed on me, and it suddenly brought everything back in vivid, living color – the way she dressed me up in white for my deflowering, led me to her bed, lubed me up and then made love to my ass. What an incredible gift.

Struggling to get off the bed with my panties still down below my hips, I was finally able to right myself with her help. "All petered out, I see." She observed, looking down at my cock. "I was really worried you were never going to go soft, sweetheart. I'm glad you finally worked all that off.... but," she added, "I have to admit it was fun keeping you hard and erect." She giggled as she reached down and held my cock, telling me, "You have such a beautiful penis, sweetie."

She led me into the bathroom in the hallway, the one my sister and I normally use. It's usually cluttered with curling irons, tissues, makeup, brushes and an assortment of other 'girl things' my sister leaves out, but it was spotless now. The bath tub was full, and I felt the warmth from the hot water hovering in the bathroom as soon as we entered. There was a slight sheen on top of the water and as she bent down to check the temperature, she swirled it around in circles with her hand. "I put just a smidge of bath oil in the water. Not much," she added, "but I think it's enough to cover the smell of the perfume. They'll just think I was in here shaving my legs, or something."

Looking in the bathroom mirror, I saw myself. The bra she dressed me in was still snuggly around my chest and as I turned myself this way and that to see my reflection, she laughed. Turning her way, she took my hand and pulled me to her. "Quit admiring that person in the mirror," she said, "let's get your sexy self undressed and into the tub."

She reached down and hooked her fingers into the waistband of my sister's cotton panties and whisked them down, past the thigh highs, and they settled on the floor. I stepped out of them as she reached down to pick them up. Mocking my actions when I sniffed her panties earlier, she held mine to her nose in an exaggerated fashion and inhaled deeply, looking up at me as she did. "Oh, mom" I said, "I'm sure they aren't as good as yours." Her playful way of imitating me made me smile and appreciate her gentle and understanding handling of me.

Closing the lid and sitting on top the toilet seat, she patted her lap and told me to put one of my feet up. As I lifted my right leg to her, she put her fingers in the top of the thigh high stocking and pulled it down, gathering it as she went. Slipping it off my foot, I lifted the other leg and she removed that stocking, too. Then standing up, she moved behind me and reached for the clasp of the tiny bra. I expected her to undo it and slip it off my shoulders, but she surprised me when she grabbed the bra strap, pulled it away from my back and let it snap against my skin as she keeled over in laughter. "I'm sorry, Bobby", she said in between sits of laughter, "I couldn't resist that. When I was a teenager, everyone used to snap each other's bra strap." Somehow, I didn't understand the humor in it, but she obviously did, and as I watched, she continued to giggle. At one point, she almost doubled over she was laughing so hard. Her amusement was eventually contagious and after a few seconds, I was laughing, too.

"I guess no one does that anymore, huh?" She asked when she regained her composure. Trying hard to keep a straight face she said "Never mind, baby, let's get you in the bath."

She turned me back towards the mirror and stood behind me. Reaching her arms around my chest and placing her palms over the cups of my sister's bra, she hugged me into her, pulling me back as her fingers squeezed the empty cups. "I remember when your sister got her first bra, Bobby. It was such a big day for her, as it is for any girl. She didn't have much more on top than you do now – maybe a little more puffiness, but she was so proud of that bra, and she was so happy. She wore that same bra for three days straight before I made her take it off so I could wash it. And, this is a first for you, Bobby - to go along with all your other firsts. I know how excited you were to put this on, but you need to be careful about wearing a bra around your sister and your father... at least until you decide some things."

"I know," I replied. "I've been thinking about when we should talk to Dad. Do you think we should do that soon?" I asked.

"That's up to you, sweetheart." She answered. "If you really have a strong desire to switch over to panties full time or wear a bra around the house, I think you should do it sooner, rather than later. But, there's no reason to worry about that right now."

Then, with both of us watching in the mirror, she undid the bra and slid it down my arms and off. I could see the lines and impressions the bra made on my chest, circling my nonexistent breasts. The lines made by the straps were visible and as I looked at myself, a silent feeling of pride and satisfaction came over me.

"Ouch!" I exclaimed as she swatted my naked buns. "Now get yourself into that bath so mommy can wash you up," she said as she laughed, "we're running out of time, sweetie."

Stepping into the bath, I felt the hot water surround me as I sank down into it. It was hot, yes, but it wasn't too hot. As I lay back in the water, my cock bobbed up, as if it were a periscope, searching for the surface to spy on an enemy ship. Tossing in a bar of soap, she told me to let it float around while she went to get me something cold to drink. And after gathering up my bra, panties and stockings, she laid them on the top of the commode and left me alone in the quiet of the bathroom.

The quiet was deafening. Relaxing down into the water, I spied the pile of white lingerie I had been wearing and thought about things. "What an amazing time," I thought to myself, "but, what would my sister or my dad say?" According to my mom, my dad would probably be okay with it all. How about my sister, Linda? Was she getting the same kind of attention from my dad that I was getting from my mom?

I felt my cock begin to harden again as I thought about my sister being in the throes of passion with my dad. Or, maybe she getting him with the strap-on. So many possibilities were popping into my head and each one was progressively nastier than the one before it. Reaching down to stroke my lengthening cock and feeling the hot water sloshing around me, I didn't even know my mother had returned to the bathroom. "I knew you wouldn't stay soft long." She said.

Opening my eyes, I saw her standing there with a cold can of lemonade in one hand, a clean towel with a wash cloth in the other hand, and her head shaking from side to side. "What got you going this time?" She asked. "I'm going to have to keep my eyes on you, aren't I?"

I watched as she bent down to lay the thick bath mat on the floor and kneel down on it, resting her elbows on the side of the tub. I remember this ritual from when she used to bathe me as a child. She would get down on her knees with everything she needed within arms reach and then proceed to scrub me from head to toe. Reaching in to grasp my cock, she asked again, "What were you thinking about?"

"Promise you won't get mad?" I replied.

"Okay." She answered. "I promise. There's no way I could be mad at you now, anyway."

"Alright then," I started, "why did you make me promise there would be no funny business between me and Linda?"

Her answer was delivered so nonchalantly and matter-of-factly that I couldn't believe it. "She's not on any kind of birth control, baby," she answered, "it wouldn't be good if she got pregnant."

"Oh, yeah," I replied, "that's for sure."

"So you were thinking about her? Is that why you got hard?" She asked.

"Well," I answered, "I was wondering if she might be doing the same kind of things with dad as you are with me. I mean, not that it would make me mad or anything, I was just wondering what kind of things they might be doing. That's all."

"Does it make you a little jealous?" She asked.

"Oh, no. Not at all." I answered. "Actually, I think it would be good if they are. It would make it a lot easier for us to have that discussion with him, that's for sure, and Linda won't go blabbing it all over the place, either."

"Are you worried she might do that?" She asked.

"I guess so." I answered. "Wouldn't you be worried if you were in my place?"

She thought for a minute before she spoke. "Baby, I'm sure she wouldn't do anything to hurt you. You know you have to eventually talk to her, anyway, don't you? After all, she is your sister and she lives here, too. Telling her and getting her to understand would be better than her finding out on her own, don't you think?

Again, mom's logic was right on. I would have to tell both my father and my sister if I was going to be able to coexist with everyone in the house. Of course, I could just forget about telling anyone. But that would mean I would have to cover up my new found desires and do everything behind closed doors, secretly hoping I would never be caught.

"Bobby," she said, "don't ruin the fun you've had or minimize the things you've learned about yourself by worrying about all that now. I'll help you work through everything and we'll find a good way to deal with it. I promise you.... we will."

I could see the sincerity in her eyes and I knew she would come up with a way to handle my dad and my sister. It was a comforting feeling, knowing she promised to help me find ways to make everything work. So, without a care in the world, I laid back and closed my eyes to relax in the hot bath. Life was definitely good.

"Hey," she said, "I'm going to go straighten up the bed and make everything look presentable while you soak." Handing me the can of cold lemonade, she told me to rest and she would be back to check on me in a little while.

"I'll leave the door open so if you need anything, just yell." She said. "I'll be back to wash you up in a few minutes."

Settling into the hot bath, I let my muscles go. Soon, I was daydreaming about the adventure my mom and I had been on. I thought about the discovery of my submissive desires, my fascination with lingerie – both wearing it and using it - and how she made love to my bottom with the strap on.

Dissecting everything that happened, I focused on the last few hours and how she prepared me, not only physically but emotionally, to give up my anal virginity. She was loving and understanding and the act, itself, was sweet and tender.

As was the case so many times in the last two days, my cock became hard as I thought about all of this. I felt something touch my cock and opened my eyes to see the bar of soap my mom tossed into the water bump against my straining erection. I reached down to pick the soap up, and when I did, the bar of soap almost dissolved in my hand.

Drawing my hand back, it was covered with the liquefied soap and without thinking, I grasped my straining cock with that hand and began to stroke it. The soap provided an exquisite lubricious feel as I slowly worked it up and down. Settling back into the hot water again, I made the decision to gently massage my cock until mom returned to wash me. I chuckled to myself knowing she wouldn't be surprised to find me with another hard-on, masturbating one last time.

I positioned my feet to lift my pelvis higher so I could stroke my shaft fully. I began to fantasize about a plethora of things – and finally fixated on a fantasy where mom exposed me to a woman I didn't know, making me undress to first show my panties and then masturbate in front of the woman. I started to embellish the fantasy more and more, adding in additional women and seemingly humiliating poses with me standing on a table in front of them as they gathered around to watch me jack my cock.

Then, I added a twist where they wrapped their panties around my cock and rubbed them on my face with my mother standing in the background smiling and nodding her head saying, "Go ahead, sweetheart. Make yourself cum for us.... make yourself cum for mommy".


I had fabricated such an enthralling story, I knew I was going to blow my rocks long before mom got back to wash me and in the instant I realized that fact, I decided to just let my cock erupt when it was time.

Maybe this will sound vain, but, as I got closer and closer to my eventual explosion, I opened my eyes to watch myself shoot. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught some movement and figuring she was coming back to check on me, I asked "Do you want to make me cum, mom?"

I turned to see her response, but what I saw is not what I expected. There in the doorway, with her eyes wide open, stood my sister, Linda. I had no idea how long she was standing there, but it looked like she had simply frozen in mid-step. Her eyes were darting back and forth between my cock and the pile of her lingerie I had just worn.

I was too far gone to stop my explosion and even before I could yell for my mom, or for my sister to get out, I totally erupted in a fountain of cum that shot a foot or more out of my cock, plopping down squarely in the middle of my chest. In the split second I had to think about what to do, I almost yelled. But, I had this vision of my dad hearing the screams and running up the stairs to the bathroom to see what was wrong..... and him seeing me, too. So I just sat there... myself frozen. My cock, though, continued to spurt out cum while my sister stood there watching.

A moment later, I saw my mother appear in the hallway behind my sister and immediately pull Linda away. She reached in to close the door and mouthed the words "I'm sorry."

I listened carefully to see if I could hear anything being said, but everything was silent. I heard the hum of the garage door opener and that began my major league panic. A few minutes later, the bathroom door opened and as my hands flew over my cock to cover myself, my mother came in and closed the door.

"Okay," she whispered, "don't freak out. I'll lock the door and you turn the shower on. Be sure you wash off the perfume and the bath oil. I'll go talk to your sister and everything will be fine."

My heart was thumping so hard and I was trying to get my words together so I could speak. "She saw those," I said pointing to Linda's bra and panties, "and I thought she was you, so, I called her mom and asked her if she wanted to make me cum!"

"Oh, no!" She said.

"Mom, I didn't know it was her! I thought she was you." I said frantically.

"Bobby – listen to me.... Do what I said. Turn the shower on right now and get the perfume and bath oil off you and wash your hair, too. Let me handle your sister."

With that, she turned and left, locking the door behind her. I heard voices in the hallway but I couldn't make out what they were saying. Trembling, I sat up and opened the drain to empty the tub. As it started to empty, there was a strong knock on the bathroom door. "Bobby," my father said, "when you get done with your shower, come help me in the garage." I was so startled I almost fell as I reached for the shower controls.

I washed my hair three times and scrubbed my body with the washcloth so well that no trace of the perfume or bath oil could have survived the vigorous cleaning I gave myself. After drying off, I listened with my ear to the door to see if I could hear anything, but there was nothing – only silence. Grabbing the white lingerie I wore, I hesitantly opened the bathroom door and peered out into the hall. Still, there were no sounds and absolutely no activity. It was eerie, and I just knew this meant things had taken a turn for the worse and this was the calm before the storm.

I snuck quietly across the hall into my room, and locked the door. Looking around, I found a place to stash my sister's lingerie and then I dressed as quickly as I could, making sure I put on my boy underwear.

Opening the door, I walked down the hall and listened. It was still quiet. I tiptoed back to my parent's room and looked in there. Everything looked in order, and again, no sight or sound of anyone. The absolute stillness in the house really caused me to begin to panic and my chest filled with pressure. I swore to myself I would never again touch a pair of panties and decided it would be a good time to think about enlisting in military service and being stationed far, far away.

The silence was broken with my father's strong voice yelling to me from downstairs. "Bobby!"

I swallowed hard and decided it was time to be a man and face the music. Deliberately, I took one step after another until I found myself at the doorway from the house into the garage. I took a deep breath and opened the door. The first thing I saw was my father bending over into the car wrestling with something.

"Give me a hand," he said seeing me standing there looking at him, "I think I twisted my back or something." I walked to the other side of the car, opened the door and helped him take out the tackle boxes and all the other fishing gear they took. "How was the fishing?" I asked. "Horrible," he exclaimed, "but I think your sister had a good time and I needed to spend some time with her anyway, so I guess it was fine."

He told me about their day and how my sister almost fell in the water. I'm not sure what else he said because I couldn't focus on anything except what happened with my sister. Looking down the driveway, it was clear that my mother's car was gone.

"Where did mom go?" I asked him.

"Bobby, were you listening just a minute ago?" He answered.

"What?" I said.

"I just told you your mother took your sister out to..... uh.... oh hell, I don't know. Some store, I'm sure. They ran out of here so fast I'm not exactly sure where they went. But, she said she ordered a pizza for us." He replied.

I helped him put all the fishing gear away and we went inside. After a few minutes, the pizza arrived and we watched the news and ate pizza. After an hour or so, I told him I didn't feel good and was going to go to my room and lay down. My stomach was turning and churning, and I felt like it was on fire and in knots. So lying down, I closed my eyes and tried to sleep. My mind kept playing back the look of shock on my sister's face. I thought about the worst that could happen, that being Linda telling my dad what she saw, or even worse, telling someone else. I thrashed and cursed myself, but I eventually fell asleep.

About nine o'clock, I woke up to a persistent gentle shake. "Bobby?" I opened my eyes to see my mother sitting on the bed next to me. I lifted my head up long enough to see that the door was closed. She had turned on the reading lamp that sat on my desk, so there was a little bit of light, at least enough for us to see each other.

"Your dad said you didn't feel well. Was it the pizza?" She asked. Her hand, now pressing against my forehead, felt around for a fever that wasn't there.

I could see the concern in her eyes, but the pizza wasn't the problem. My nerves and anxiousness over my sister is what drove my pain. "Oh fuck, mom. I can't believe what happened with Linda. I can't believe I said that!"

I laid back, looking at the ceiling, shaking my head. Her hands went to my shorts and she undid the button and pulled the zipper down. I looked at her, but she didn't look up at me. Putting her hands on the waistband of my shorts, she said "Up".

As if by total reaction or maybe by rote, I lifted my hips and she pulled my shorts down and off. Without waiting even one second, her hands went right to my underwear and started to pull. "Up". She said again. Just like she used to do when she got me ready for bed when I was younger, she pulled my underwear down past my hips and didn't stop until they were off.

Still without looking up to my face, she produced a pair of shiny pink panties that she must have brought in with her. "Come on, Bobby. Stand up." She said. "I can't dress you when you're lying down." She pulled me up and turned me toward her, then leaned down and held the panties open for me to step into. By this time, I was so confused with what she was doing; I simply did what she wanted.

As she pulled the panties up my legs, I noticed they felt different than the others I had worn. Pulling them up to my hips, she said "Your sister gave me these for you. She said they were soft and comfortable and she wanted you to have them tonight." She finally looked up at me and must have seen the pale look of shock on my face. "There's a matching bra, too." She said as she held it up. "Do you want to wear it?"

"Mom!" I said loudly, "what did you say to her?"

"You might want to keep your voice down, sweetheart." She answered quietly. "Your sister is probably standing right outside the door right now listening to us."

I shut up immediately.

She took my hand and pulled me down on the bed with her saying "Sit."

"Everything is fine." She said. "Your sister is not going to say anything to your father or to anybody else. I had to explain some things to her, but believe me, she's not going to rat you out." She went on to tell me that she took Linda out of the house right away so they could talk privately. Mom then told me she had no choice but to explain to Linda why her bra, panties and thigh highs were in the bathroom. Finally and unfortunately, mom told me she had to tell her why I said what I did.

"Actually," she went on, "she took it all pretty well. Right now, I can't elaborate on that because of some things we talked about in confidence, but, believe me, things are fine."

"So, she knows?" I asked.

"Well, she obviously knows some things," mom said, "but I didn't tell her everything, just enough to explain what she saw and what she heard. She knows there's more, though, I'm sure. She's not stupid, sweetheart."

I sighed. Feeling crushed and humiliated, I thought I was going to break down into tears. She hugged me and told me again not to worry. "Bobby, your sister gave you her favorite bra and panty set to wear tonight. Would she do that if she was mad or upset?" She asked.

"I don't know." I answered.

"No, she wouldn't." Mom answered. "I want you to get some sleep and you'll feel better in the morning. Your dad has to work tomorrow, so after breakfast, the three of us will sit down and talk."

My panic set in again and I asked "Why do we have to do that?"

She looked at me with pleading eyes and simply said, "Bobby, we have to. If we don't talk to her and answer her questions, she'll make up her own answers to those questions and we don't want that to happen. Trust me on this, baby, everything is going to be fine. You'll see."

She turned to me and held the bra up. "Let me help you on with this. If you decide not to wear it, you can take it off after I leave. So come on, I want you to get to sleep, I know you need it after the last couple of days."

I didn't answer or acknowledge what she said. I just held my arms out and she slipped the bra on me and fitted it around my chest. After clasping it in back, she adjusted the shoulder straps and straightened the cups. She dropped her hand to the front of my panties and smiled. "I knew this would cheer you up," she said, "you're back to normal."

My cock had awakened. She shook her head as she smiled and then stood and pulled me up with her. She hugged me to her and cradled my head in the crook of her neck. "Sweetheart, I had such a good time today. I know you're a little stressed right now, but I assure you every thing is fine. I'm not at liberty to say right now how I know that, but, believe me, all is well."

"Now," she said, "let me see what I can do to send you off to sleep in a little better frame of mind." She looked up as she got down on her knees in front of me. She kept looking up at me as she lowered my sister's panties and reached for my hardening member. Finding it and without taking her eyes off mine, she slipped the head of my cock into her mouth. I watched as she sucked first the head, and then closing her eyes and moaning, she took my fullness into her mouth deeply. I shifted my legs to widen my stance for better balance, and when I did, her free hand came up under my balls and she gently cradled them in the palm of her hand, massaging them lightly.

"Oooh," I moaned. "Shhhh." She said as her free hand started to jack my cock while she sucked and licked me, circling the rim of my cock with her tongue. She looked up at me as she worked, and I could see a smile at the edge of her mouth. All of a sudden, she started to jack me furiously, then groaned as she took me as far into her mouth as she could. Almost gagging, she kept at me, holding me balls deep inside her mouth. After another minute or two, she pulled off my cock and used her hand up and down my incredibly wet shaft. "Come on baby, I'm going to take you all the way down now. Just let mommy have your cock and your cum, go ahead and just let it go."

Again, she took me deep into her throat and I don't know what she did, but whatever it was, it was the thing I needed the most. Quickly, I felt my balls tighten and my cock started to dilate. My cock head started to throb from the heavy suction and I tried to pull back a little, but she had me so tight I couldn't move. And then, it was like my rod completely gave up and erupted down her throat. I felt like my semen was literally flowing into her and I felt the warmth of her mouth contract on my cock, and then expand back to normal.

"Holy shit," I thought, "she didn't suck me like this before. What was she doing? It feels like she is swallowing my cock whole."

I lasted another twenty seconds, at the most, before I was out of breath, myself. She was doing the work, but I was the one breathing hard trying to catch my breath. Looking down, she pulled her lips off my cock and used her fingers to wipe the remnants of my cum from the corners of her mouth. She was smiling up at me, blushing. "I wasn't sure I could do that anymore." She said. "Looks like your ol' mom still has it, eh?"

As she stood, she reached down to pull my panties up, patting my now spent cock behind the soft, stretchy fabric. I didn't know what to say. I thought about telling her what a good cock sucker she was, but, I didn't think she would appreciate those words much. So I settled on a something else, saying "That was un-be-fucking-lievable!"

She giggled softly, patted my chest and sat me down on the bed. "That ought to hold you for a few hours." Mom said. Then she leaned down and kissed me on the cheek. "Everything is gong to be fine, sweetheart, you'll see."

She stood with her hands on her hips and looked down at me. With a quick wink, she shut off the lamp, opened my door and quietly closed it behind her. My head was swimming and my cock was still twitching as the quiet darkness overtook me and I closed my eyes, content that everything WAS going to be fine.

I fell into a restful sleep, not hearing or dreaming anything until I was awaken by someone lightly shaking my shoulder. It was still dark, but I clearly recognized the voice whispering, "Bobby? Bobby? Are you awake?"

Oh, my gawd. It was my sister.

"Linda?" I asked. "What time is it?"

End of chapter 13.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 14
byPro_Ball_Player©

If you've ever been woken up suddenly from a deep and restful sleep, then you probably know exactly how I felt when my sister, Linda, woke me up. Groggy, sleepy and disoriented for the first few seconds, I reacted to her persistent shaking by initially thinking it was my mother waking me again. But, then I heard the voice that went along with the shaking and I knew instantly it was not my mother. Since it was obviously dark outside, my first instinct was to ask her what time it was. But even before she could reply, I answered my own question by turning my head to look at the red LEDs on the clock to my right. It was 1:12 AM.

Now, I know what you're thinking (if you read the previous chapter). You're thinking that if you were an eighteen year old guy.... and your mother just dressed you in your sister's bra and panties for bed.... and then your sister woke you up in the middle of the night -- you're first inclination would be to cover yourself in some way or tell her to get the hell out. Yeah, one would think that.

However, I had been so tired and was in such a deep sleep when Linda woke me up, it simply didn't occur to me.

"It's a little after 1:00 AM, I guess." She answered.

She sat on the edge of my bed, about half way between the headboard and the footboard. It wasn't until I sat up and felt the bra straps strain against my chest did I remember I was wearing her lingerie. I immediately reached for the sheet to cover my chest, but as I strained to see her in the almost total darkness, I felt her hand on my arm as she said, "Relax, Bobby."

Tentatively, I slowly lowered myself down to my pillow, keeping the sheet pulled up to my neck, not knowing what I was going to do next. "Little brother," she said, as if she had a significantly longer tenure on earth than me, "I want to apologize for barging into the bathroom and gawking at you while you, uh..... you know."

I began to think of how I was going to respond to her apology when she added, "Mom and I had a long talk about a few things, and well, I didn't want you to feel embarrassed or feel humiliated just because I saw you pulling your thing."

She went on, saying, "I laid in bed all night feeling guilty that I probably gave you the most traumatic event of your life and I wanted to tell you that's it really no big deal. Everyone does it and I've seen guys do that before, Bobby."

I felt her hand on my shoulder, and at first, I thought it was a gesture of sisterly love. But as her hand started to slowly sweep across my chest and come to rest on top of the bra cup, I realized there was nothing sisterly about her actions. While her one hand stopped and felt me, she raised her other one and it went right to my other side, feeling for the bra cup over there, too. She was trying to confirm the fact I was wearing her bra and panties, it's as simple as that.

"And, don't worry," she said, "you're lingerie secret is safe with me. Besides," she continued, "with all the other little secrets in this house, I don't think you have anything to worry about. That's for sure!"

"Huh?" I asked.

"What?" She replied. "You didn't hear them a couple of hours ago? You know.... mom and dad? In their room?"

"No, Linda." I said. "What was going on?" I asked her.

"It sounded like someone was getting spanked..... at least, um, that's what it sounded like to me." She replied.

My eyes were starting to adjust to the darkness in the room, but, I couldn't quite see her face clearly yet. I didn't know if she was kidding, or being serious. "What? Someone got a spanked?" I asked.

There was dead silence between us for a minute. Then, as if it was sent from heaven, the answer was instantly at the tip of my tongue. Together, and almost in unison, we both said it. "Dad."

I heard her chuckle, and there was no way I could help from snickering a little bit, myself. Now, at this exact time, I had no right to be snickering at anyone else. Given the fact that I was lying in bed, talking to my sister at one o'clock in the morning dressed in her bra and panties.... well, I simply had no right to make fun of my dad.

But, while I amused myself with dad's apparent predicament, the sheet slipped from my chest and slid down to my waist. As I reached for it, she put her hand on mine and stopped me. "Please." She said. "You don't mind if I look, do you?" She asked.

I let go of the sheet and sat there. Not because I wanted her to look, or even because I made a decision to let her look, but more because I didn't know how to answer her. No matter what I said, she could twist it into some kind of confession to hold over my head in the future. She had done that plenty of times when we were kids. True, that was years ago, but the memories came back and I clammed up.

"That's pretty hot." She said. "I have to tell you, little brother..... never in a million years would I have guessed you had any sexual thoughts..... much less.... kinks like this." She reached over to grab the sheet that was partially covering me and started to pull the sheet down. "Are you wearing the panties, too?" She asked.

Reacting quickly, I clutched the sheet in my fingers. She tugged for a minute and then let up, making that "tisk, tisk, tisk" sound that older people make when you do something they don't like. Looking up at her face, I could finally make out her expression in the darkness. She had this sly smile on her face and a devious look in her eye.

"Are you being modest, or are you just trying to cover up your boner? She asked me.

"Both," I said, "and it's none of your business what I wear, anyway."

"Well, maybe that's true, Bobby. But, you ARE wearing my bra and panties, aren't you? You're not even going to let me see them?"

Perhaps she had a valid request, but realizing I had a huge boner tenting up her precious favorite panties, there was no way she was going to see them. Not right now anyway.

"Never mind," she said, "I was only kidding. It's just another kink in the house, anyway."

"Linda, that's the second time you've said something like that. Do you know something I don't know?"

"Brother dear," she replied, "I can't believe you're so dense. Haven't you ever seen that little black suitcase in the back of mom and dad's closet?"

"Yeah, so?" I answered.

"Have you ever looked in it?" She asked.

"No, it's probably empty." I said.

"Uh, no, Bobby. It's not empty...... far from it. You've never been curious about what's in there and why they keep it locked up?" She continued, saying, "Believe me, there's enough sex toys in that suitcase to stock an adult novelty store."

Somehow, even though I hadn't snooped around in that suitcase, I believed her. Until I had seen my mom using the strap-on on my dad, I wouldn't have even thought they knew what a strap-on dildo was. But, after witnessing my dad being taken anally by my mother and then talking with mom about Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda and the events of the last few days with my mother, what my sister was saying about the suitcase sure made sense. But, I didn't want to let on to my sister what I knew, or didn't know, so I tried to answer her as generically as I could.

"Linda, I've never snooped in there, and whatever is in there is their business, anyway." I answered.

"Okay, maybe so." She replied. "All I'm saying is that I wouldn't be worried about your lingerie attraction, if I was you. It just might be the tamest kink in this house." She added. "And, Bobby," she said, "you really don't have to worry about me saying anything about you to anyone. I think it's kind of cute, actually."

I knew it was going to be alright when she playfully slugged me in the arm, laughed and left my room, closing the door behind her. For years, that has been our "Thick as Thieves" gesture. Anytime she was right and I was wrong, I could count on her hitting my arm. When we did something totally cool together, she would do it. When we escaped certain trouble from our parents, she did it then, too. So, when she did it just now, it was like her pledge that she would keep her promise.

I looked over at the clock, rolled my eyes and laid myself back onto my pillow to try to get some more sleep. I reflected back to the incident in the bathroom when my sister watched me masturbate and heard me call to my mother about jacking me off. Remarkably enough, Linda didn't mention that in our quick conversation, she only mentioned me wearing her bra and panties. Did that mean she wasn't shocked to hear me call for my mother to make me cum? If that's true, then why wasn't she shocked?

"Holy Fuck!" I thought to myself.

I bet she wasn't shocked because she's been doing things with dad, and maybe mom, too. Hell, she's probably been messing around with Uncle Mike and Aunt Brenda, also. Maybe that's what she was referring to when she talked about all the 'Kink' at our house. Somewhere in thinking about all of that, I fell back asleep and didn't wake up until the sunshine was trying to creep through the curtains in my room.

Even before I opened my eyes, I immediately knew what my mother was doing. The smell of maple flavored bacon was wafting through the house. That in itself was enough to convince me that it was time to get up. But, if that wasn't enough, the slight tapping on my door did it, too.

"Yes?" I said.

My mom's voice, from the other side of the door, asked if she could come in. Still dressed in only sister's bra and panties, I stood behind the door and opened it enough to peer through the crack at her. "Can I come in?" She asked.

I stepped behind the door and opened it just enough for her to slide through. "Jeez, Bobby, relax! Your father's already gone to work, and your sister is still in bed. No one is going to see you right now." She told me. I almost didn't hear a word she said, though.

"Oh, My Gawd!" My mind screamed. She was dressed only in the flimsy top of her silky blue pajamas and hot pink panties. Clearly, I could tell she didn't have a bra on because her breasts swayed loosely back and forth as she moved, and her nipples poked against the front of the shiny top, which came down to her waist. Her panties were thin and tight. As she faced me, I could see a slight crease where the material was digging in between her labia. I tried in vain to cover my hardening cock, but it was no use. Seeing her brought it to full attention, indicating my approval of her attire. Glancing at my cock, she could only smile. "We match." She said , holding up her shirt briefly so I could see just how brief her little panties were. "Except for the hard-on, I mean. But, I wore pink, too." She added. "Just so we could match."

"Come on." She said, as she walked over to my dresser. "I've got breakfast about ready. Let's get you dressed so we can eat. I've got to go out for a while in a few hours, so I want you and your sister to have breakfast so we can have our little talk before I go." Looking through my drawer, she found a grey athletic T-shirt, held it up to look at it and then tossed it to me. "Put that on and let's go." She said.

I held the T-shirt in my hands and looked at her. "There are some shorts in there that match this shirt," I said, "can you..."

"No," she said, interrupting me, "I can't, Bobby. If your sister and I can walk around dressed in just a shirt and panties, then you can, too." My eyes were probably churning with fear. She picked up on it, saying, "Look, there's no use trying to hide it now, is there, sweetheart? Linda already knows you've been wearing panties. So, if you're going to start wearing them daily, just start now -- right now. Plus, this is one of the things you said you wanted, remember? To be seen naked, or in panties? Besides, I think she's probably expecting to see you in the bra and panty set she gave you last night. After all, that's why she gave them to you..... to wear, you know. Why don't you just put the shirt on and we'll see how it looks?"

Then she looked at my cock, now hard and pushing against the material of my sister's panties. "That, though," she said, pointing to my penis, "Is going to be a problem. You're going to have to keep it up, you know, against your belly or it's going to poke out, I think."

Reaching over, she pulled the waist band of my panties away and reached in to straighten my cock out. Then holding it up, she settled the waistband on top of it to keep my cock in place. "There," she said, "that ought to help. Let's see how it looks with the shirt on."

I put the shirt on, over my sister's bra and she turned me so we could both look in the mirror. She had a squirreled-up look on her face as she tilted her head this way and that. She used her fingers to try to pluck some life into the bra as it lay empty under my shirt. "Sweetheart," she said, "I think for now we better forget about the bra. It's going to look weird under that shirt, so just take it off." She laughed to herself and then remarked, "We'll match even more..... we're both bra-less!" Okay, I know it's pretty corny, but, I thought it was funny, and true, too. If she had only worn a grey shirt, we would have matched perfectly.

She turned me around and pushed the hair out of my eyes. "Okay, this is it, baby." She said. Pointing to my bedroom door she continued, saying, "We're going to walk out that door and into the kitchen and you're going to help me finish cooking breakfast. You're sister will be along soon, and when she comes in there, you just be strong and proud. Don't turn away from her and don't try to cover yourself. The more at ease you are, and the more normal you make it seem, the more normal it will seem to her."

As she stepped toward the door, the turned to me and said, "Oh, if you start to poke out and need to adjust yourself, just turn away casually, make your adjustment and then everything will be fine." With that, she took my hand in hers, turned the doorknob with her other hand, and pulled me out into the hallway. Holding my hand, she led me down the stairs and into the kitchen. Pointing to the cabinet next to the stove, she asked me to get down some coffee mugs.

"Girls like to have coffee when they chit-chat in the morning, sweetie." She instructed me. "Your sister started drinking coffee when she left to go to college, so I know she'll have some with us. You may not be a big coffee drinker now, but, just having something like a coffee mug to hold onto might make you feel less nervous once the three of us start our talk."

Reaching up to open the cabinet door, I felt my shirt lift up. I glanced down to look and yes, the right side of my shirt was pulled up above my waist and my panties were on full display. I looked over to the door to make sure my sister wasn't standing there or hadn't sneaked in. Relieved that she wasn't, I reached up and took down three mugs.

"Gotta watch that, baby." Mother warned. "When you're wearing nothing but a little skirt, or a cover up or a shirt like that.... when ever you reach or bend, you're going to be showing something."

Placing the coffee mugs on the counter, I went to stand next to her as she finished at the stove. "You nervous?" She asked. "Yeah," I answered, "maybe a little. Well, maybe a lot." I corrected myself.

Leaning her head over close to mine she whispered, "Better get over it, sweetheart. I think I just heard your sister go into the bathroom." She looked at me and continued, saying, "She'll probably be in here in a few minutes."

I turned to look at the doorway and then back at her while she busied herself at the stove. Without looking at me, she added, "The first few minutes will be the hardest, Bobby. If you can get by that, I'm sure everything will go fine."

My hand went down to my crotch and I felt myself to see if I was still hard and throbbing. Fortunately, I wasn't. Seeing me check myself, though, she asked if I was okay. "Are you still hard?" She asked.

"Not right now. I'm scared shitless, though." I answered. "Well," she replied, "if you get hard again, try to keep yourself adjusted and tucked up like I showed you. She's going to see it hard soon enough, anyway, so I wouldn't worry about it that much."

"What does that mean?" I asked her.

"It means, Bobby," she said, setting down the spatula and turning to look at me, "that you're going to have to show her everything. I thought you understood that. After breakfast, you'll let her see you and we'll get all that embarrassment over with this morning. The quicker everything comes out between the two of you, the quicker you both will be comfortable with it."

I took a deep breath as my brain started to run away with pieces of what she just said. I was confused, partially, because she was talking in euphemisms and I really wanted some specifics. "I'll let her see me?" I asked.

"I don't know any other way, Bobby." She said as she turned to carry two of the three plates over to the breakfast table. Turning back to get the third plate, she said, "you're going to have to take your shirt off and let her see you in her panties and then you'll have to take the panties off and let her look."

Carrying the last plate over to the table she added, "Don't worry, sweetie, I've got it all figured out. I'll take care of everything. You just follow my lead and everything will go fine."

Before I could answer or react, I saw my sister peek her head around the corner of the kitchen doorframe. "Is it safe to come in?" Linda asked.

"Yes, honey. It certainly is." My mother replied to my sister's question. As my sister entered, I expected to see her in shorts and a baggy shirt, but, what I saw took my breath away and made me stare.

She was wearing a tight t-shirt and obviously no bra underneath. I could easily see the shape of her small breasts through her thin t-shirt as it clung to her chest. I could even see the small bumps on her areolas, and her tiny nipples poked out from the shirt like pencil erasers. To make mattes worse for me, she wore the exact same style of panties I was wearing, and you guessed it - they were pink, too. But, damn, they fit her much better than the ones I was wearing fit me. They were snug and tightly stretched across her mound. I immediately began to wonder if there was some collusion going on between my mother and my sister. Both of them had shirts on that brought my attention directly to their boobs, and both wore pink panties that were tantalizing me beyond belief. This was either the freakiest set of unbelievable coincidences ever, or they got together to conspire against me!

Any other time, I would have been elated to sit quietly and drink in the lovely sights as they pranced around in their panties - it would have been a dream come true for me. This time, however, was rapidly becoming a nightmare because my cock was hard again and I knew it was just a matter of time before one of them noticed it.

I apparently didn't hear my mom the first time she told me not to stare at my sister. I guess I didn't hear her the second time, either. Finally, she got right in front of my face. "Put your eyes back in their sockets, Bobby," mother said as she reached up and shook my arm to break me out of my trance, "the shoe's gonna be on the other foot soon enough, so try to behave yourself."

Hearing that, my sister giggled as if she knew something was coming. My mother, in her wisdom, turned to Linda and held up her finger and shook it back and forth as if she was giving her a warning. "Okay," she told us, "both of you sit down so we can eat."

Finally we were all seated and we started to eat. The first few minutes of our breakfast was so quiet, you could have heard a mouse fart. I only looked up from my plate once and when I did, my sister looking at me. Finally, my mother broke the silence. "Alright," she said, "since no one is going to say anything, I will."

"We all know what happened yesterday." She began. "I have to take full responsibility for that because I should have made sure the door was closed when you were in the bathroom, Bobby. If I would have done that, your sister wouldn't have walked in on you and we wouldn't be where we are right now."

She looked at me and put her hand over mine as she continued, "But, I can't change the past," she said, looking back and forth between my sister and I, "so we have to accept the fact it happened and deal with it now."

I began to brace myself for what I knew she was going to say. It would be humiliating and embarrassing for me to sit there and endure this, and I prayed that she would choose her words wisely to save me from the shame that was about to rain all over me. Mom began her explanation by telling me she took my sister out of the house as quickly as she could so they could talk 'woman to woman' about what my sister saw and what she heard.

They went to a local coffee boutique where my mother told Linda how she found their panties in my room and how I admitted I was using them to fuel my masturbatory habits. She told me she went into a fair amount of detail with my sister, even describing what happened when I helped her with the laundry and how excited I was to see and touch all their panties as we were doing the wash. Mom told my sister how she didn't want me to feel guilty or self-conscious about my panty attraction, telling Linda she told me I could use their panties to masturbate.

I sat dumbfounded while she told me she explained to Linda how she watched me masturbate and how it affected her, telling my sister she was happy that I was getting some much needed sexual release without forcing me into risky behavior with others.

As if she was trying to defend herself, she looked and me, saying, "It was an easy decision to make." She said. "No one would get any diseases or get pregnant." Then looking over at my sister, she said, "It was safer for him to live out his panty fetish at home rather than do something stupid outside the house where he might get caught. There's a supply of lingerie here, and well...... it just seemed to be a logical answer to the problem." Then she went on with her story, reciting more of what she told my sister last night.

Mom told her that she got turned on watching me jerk myself and how she was flashing back to things from her past and then the next thing she knew, she was encouraging me and edging me on, feeding both our excitement, until finally it got so bad that things happened between she and I and neither one of us could stop it.

My sister sat there and listened to my mom tell me what happened, having heard it all, herself, last night. Every now and then, she looked over at me, sometimes smiling and sometimes with a straight face. My face was beet red most of the time, utterly humiliated at being the subject of such an intimate discussion.

Continuing, Mom related to me how she told Linda she helped me discover more about my lingerie fetish by helping me try on both hers and my sister's lingerie which understandably left my penis needing some release. She didn't apologize for anything, but restated the agreement mom and dad made years ago about our sexual development and assisting us. She did reiterate, looking right at my sister, that she and I hadn't had 'vaginal intercourse', so she hadn't done anything to break that agreement, either.

After that, the rest of her explanation was easy, at least for her it was. Although not completely true, Mom told Linda I wanted to experience being fully dressed like a girl, so that's how I came to be dressed in her panties, bra, knee highs and skirt. Fortunately, she left out a bunch of things, including having her fingers up my butt, having my cock up her butt, sucking and licking each other wildly like we did, and of course, the strap-on.

Mom called my name and I looked up at her. "Bobby, your sister wasn't upset with anything I told her last night. She wasn't revolted or shocked and told me she wouldn't say anything to anyone. The whole time, she was completely understanding. She even told me you could try on some of her clothes and she would look through her lingerie to give you some bras and panties to try out. Isn't that nice of her to do that?" She asked.

I looked at my sister. I expected to see her sitting there with a shit eating grin on her face, but, remarkably, she wasn't. Instead, there was a look of understanding and compassion in her eyes. "Bobby," my sister said, "you might think this sounds weird, but, I really don't find it that crazy. I think we all have thoughts about outlandish sexual fantasies we would want to try if we had the courage to."

"Oh," I replied, "and what outlandish fantasies did you have the courage to try?" I asked, knowing full well that question would trip her up.

"Okay," she answered, "since we're all spilling our guts here..... I've had sex with another girl," she said, "in fact, I've been with two girls as the same time."

My mother almost choked on her coffee. Her eyes got big and her eyebrows rose way up. "You have?" Mom asked.

"Uh huh," My sister replied. "It happened while I was at school last year. And despite what you might think, it was a beautiful experience and I would do it again."

I looked back and forth between my sister and my mom to see their reactions. Personally, I thought it was pretty damn hot knowing my sister was into girls. After a few seconds, my mom put down her coffee cup. "Linda, believe it or not, I've been with a girl, too," mom said, "and it was a beautiful thing for me, also."

"Mom!" Linda exclaimed. "Really? You've had sex with a girl?"

"Yes, really." My mom answered. "Just one, though. You've got me beat with two."

They laughed between themselves, leaving me out of the joke. That is, until Linda added "Then I might as well really blow your mind and tell you I've had sex with two guys at once, too." She covered her face with her hands, I guess to prepare herself for some condemnation, but she wasn't going to hear that from me!

"You have?" My mom replied in an excited voice? "Uh huh." My sister said softly.

"You mean you had sex with two guys at the same time, or, does that mean you've had two guys inside you at the same time?" My mom asked.

Seeing that my mom wasn't mad, my sister proudly confessed, saying "Both. I mean the three of us were playing around and I got on top of one of the guys and then the other one got behind me..... and uh, put it in my..... you know. They call that DP, I guess."

"Yes," my mother answered, "I know what it is." My mother looked at her and then asked, "Please tell me you're on some kind of birth control."

"I am," she said, "I went to the Student Health Center and they gave me a prescription. Lot's of girls do that."

My mom sat back in her chair and looked at both of us. After a minute, she started to smile and reached over to pat my sister's hand, saying "Well, I'm glad you told me."

Linda turned to me and said, "What about you, little brother? What more have you done that's outlandish? Have you been with a guy or two guys?" She laughed.

"No," I said sternly, "I haven't been with any guys."

"Well, come on, Bobby, have you been with two girls?" She said, trying to push me to match her outlandish escapades.

"No" I said. "I haven't been with any girls." I felt embarrassed after I said it. I was an eighteen year old virgin and not exactly proud of it, especially after hearing that my sister had sex with not only one girl, but two girls and also had sex with two guys at once.

"You're a virgin?" She asked.

"Okay, okay, okay." My mom interrupted putting an end to the questioning. "Bobby, it's just fine that you're a virgin. There's no contest here, dear."

But, my sister persisted with her questioning. "But you've had oral sex, right?" She asked. "You know... a blow job?"

"Yes, Miss Smarty Pants," I replied snottily, "I've had a blow job."

She looked at me and squinted her eyes, trying to stare me down. "No you haven't, you liar!" She said. "You didn't even have a girlfriend last year at school. You told me that yourself. So who would have sucked you off?" She asked.

There was no way I could answer that. How was I supposed to tell Linda with my mom sitting right there that my own mother had sucked my cock? Sure, we could sit here and talk about stuff, but, I wasn't going to incriminate my mother after she had been so wonderful to me.

"Hah!" Linda exclaimed. "I knew you were lying."

"No he's not, Linda." My mother said. She held her hand up, propping up her elbow on the table saying, "I'm the one. I gave him a blow job."

"You!" Linda asked. "You gave HIM a blow job?" Pointing at me.

"Yes." My mother admitted. "More than once, too."

I blushed while my mother sat there with a straight face, looking back at my sister. The look on Linda's face was priceless. This was the trump of all trumps, I thought. But, how could my mother admit to my sister so easily that she had sucked my cock?

Finally, Linda asked our mother, "And did you, like.... uh, you know..... let him, finish?"

"Absolutely." Mother answered. "You might as well know that right now. Your brother has a very nice size penis and I've sucked it many times and let him cum in my mouth. So, get off your brother's case now. It's no big deal he's a virgin, and that's the end of that."

My sister's shock was short lived. She started to smile to herself as she relaxed back in her chair, pushing her empty plate to the center of the table. Her tiny breasts pushed against her shirt and I could see how stiff her nipples were. "Okay," she said, as she paused to take a deep breath, "I've sucked dad and let him cum in my mouth, too."

I looked at my mother to see her reaction. I expected her to be shocked, or at least a little surprised, but she wasn't. "I know," she answered, "your father told me about you and him last night." She reached across the table with both her hands and grasped one of mine, and one of my sister's hands. "I want both of you to know that your father and I love each other and we love the two of you, too." She looked at me and said, "Your father isn't mad at me for what we've been doing," and then looking at my sister, she continued, saying, "and I'm not mad at him for what he's been doing with you."

Then letting our hands go, she reached over to pick up my empty plate and put it on top of Linda's. Then she casually picked them both up and carried them over to the sink. Setting them down, she came back and stood beside me. "Your father and I knew something like this could happen." She said. "And I hope both of you realize the importance of keeping private things private."

I looked at my sister and together, we both said we understood.

After a few seconds, mother sighed and spoke. "Well, she said, "now that we've got all that settled, there's just one more thing we need to do before I go out for my appointment."

She reached down and hooked her hand under my arm and pulled me up so I was standing next to her. Without any delay, she looked me in the eye and gave me that little wink of hers and said, "Arms up, sweetheart."

As she spoke, her hands went down to the hem of my t-shirt and started to pull it up. When my arms didn't go up, she said "Sweetheart, you have to do this. You have to trust me. Will you do that?" She asked.

I didn't answer her, but, I raised my arms and when I did, she pulled the t-shirt over my head and set it on the table next to us. Moving the chair I was sitting in to the side of us, she pulled me over in front of my sister and turned me so I faced her. Linda's eyes were transfixed on my cock, straining against the fabric and tenting her pink panties in an incredibly obscene manner.

My heart was pounding in my chest and with each breath I felt my cock get bigger and harder. There was a wet spot at the point where the tip of my cock was pressing against Linda's panties and I stood like that for what seemed a long time while she looked at me.

"Baby," she said to me, "before I lower your panties, I want you to tell your sister 'Thank You' for letting you wear her bra and these nice panties. I also want you to thank her for offering to share her clothes and lingerie with you. You might not think it's a big deal right now, but, it will mean so much to you in the future."

When she finished talking, it felt like my heart stopped and came up through my throat. I realized that shortly, I was going to be exposed in a very deliberate way to my sister. My mind reflected back to the things my mother said this morning, and as I recalled her exact words, I realized she told me this was going to happen. Maybe I didn't catch it when she first said it, or maybe I subconsciously blocked it out. But, I now had to accept the fact that I was going to be stripped by my mother and exposed to my sister.

I felt my mother put her hand on my back and pat me lightly. "Go ahead, sweetie." She said.

I looked down at my sister. Her eyes were fluttering up and down my body, and there was no doubt she was taking advantage of the situation and having a good look at me. After a second, she glanced up and I immediately spoke. "Thanks for letting me wear your bra and panties last night," I said, "I wore them both all night but took the bra off this morning because it looked weird under my t-shirt. And, I appreciate your willingness to let me use your clothes and your lingerie. It's embarrassing to admit this, but, I am looking forward to wearing them."

As soon as I finished speaking, I felt my mother's fingers at the waistband of my panties and then it happened. Smoothly and without stopping, she pulled my panties down past my cock and lowered them to my knees. My cock strained forward, pointing out, wet and dripping, like an angry soldier aiming directly at my sister's face.

A serious hot flash came over me and my face felt flushed. There was a tingling on my chest and I was acutely aware of my exposed nakedness in front of my sister. I felt my mother's hand on my back, rubbing me softly up and down like she was trying to calm me. "Now stand still, sweetheart." Mom said. "Let your sister have a good long look at you. Tell her its okay if she wants to touch it."

I met my sister's eyes as she peered up at me, waiting for me to say it. "You can touch me if you want to." I said in a crackly voice. She didn't move, but her eyes sank back down to my hardened cock. Finally after what seemed a long time, her right hand raised up and she reached out to my cock. I stiffened as her hand approached, causing her to stop and look up at me. "Go ahead," mom said, "It's okay."

When my sister's hand made contact with my rod, it jerked and she smiled broadly. Wrapping her fingers around my shaft, she squeezed me hard. As she squeezed, several drops of pre-cum bubbled up from the slit in my cock and ran down my shaft onto her fingers. I gasped as she looked up and smiled. "He's got a nice, strong penis, doesn't he?" My mom asked Linda. "It's so hard," my sister replied, "it's spongy on the outside but it feels so hard on the inside."

My sister loosened her grip on my shaft and then, to my utter shock, started to move her hand up and down, obviously jacking me. After a few strokes, she gripped me tightly again and more pre-cum dribbled out and ran down over her fingers. My mother's hand, which had been stroking my back, was moving down, ever so slowly. I knew she was just trying to put me at ease with her continual touch against my skin, but when she got to the swell of my butt cheeks, her hand didn't stop.

Running her fingers down into my butt crack, she leaned into me and whispered, "Spread your legs as much as you can, sweetheart." She had lowered my panties almost to my knees restricting how far I could spread my legs, but I was able to move my feet another six or seven inches apart, and when I did, my sister's other hand came up and held my balls in the palm of her hand.

At the same time, my mother's fingers made their way back into the crease between my cheeks and stopped just as her finger brushed against my crinkled hole. Part of me was totally mortified that my mother might actually try to put her finger in my bottom while I stood erected and exposed in front of my sister, but, another part of me secretly prayed that she would.

My head was swimming and my sister's repeated squeezing and then jacking of my cock was both exciting and humiliating. Linda moved in her chair, adjusting herself so she could bend down to look under my balls where my mother's finger was now lightly tapping. Linda stopped squeezing me, lifted my balls as high as she could and then bent her head down to look. "Wait a minute." My sister said.

Turning her attention back to my straining cock in her hand, she increased her grip and then started to fully jack me, taking numerous long strokes up and down. After almost a full minute of this, she let go of my balls and bent my cock straight out. Then, placing two fingers of her left hand under the tip of my cock, she used her right hand to milk several small pools of pre-cum out of my rod and caught it on her fingertips.

Somehow, I knew what was coming next and it was partially a blessing and partially a nightmare. Knowing that if my mother proceeded with putting her finger up my bottom, it would end up being the ultimate humiliation a younger brother could endure in front of his older sister.

It happened in slow motion, complete with the extra pounding in my chest and trembling in my legs. My sister pushed her pre-cum coated fingers through my legs, and landed them directly against my opening. She pushed lightly, not enough to enter me, but enough to slather the natural lube generously around my hole. Pulling her fingers back and grasping my cock again, she looked directly at my mother and said "Okay."

My mother wasted no time and before I knew it, her finger was tapping again at my opening. "Much better." My mom replied. "Isn't that better, Bobby?" She asked me.

My eyes slid shut as her finger slid easily into me. My face was burning red now with embarrassment and I truly didn't know how much more of this I could stand. I kept myself from moaning in pleasure as my cock involuntarily jerked and contracted several times in my sister's hand. Linda looked up at me, smiling, then turned her eyes up to our mother she said "Oh, he likes that, mom."

My head rolled back and I relaxed my butt muscles as my mother's finger pushed deeper into me. "That's right, sweetheart," mom said, "just let yourself open up. It's okay if you like it, there's nothing to be ashamed of."

The truth is, I felt completely humiliated and completely content. I looked down at my sister who was still slowly jacking and squeezing me and made the decision in that exact instant that I wasn't going to fight it anymore, I was going to let myself cum and I was going to do it soon. After another thirty second of my sister's stroking, my mother pulled her finger out of my bottom and told my sister to stop. "You're right on the verge of shooting your sperm all over your sister, aren't you?" She asked. "I felt it, Bobby -- inside you. You started to tighten up and I felt you get very hard in there.... you were about ready to shoot."

"I think we've tortured you enough, sweetie." Mother said to me. Reaching down and pulling my panties up, she stepped to the side, next to my sister's chair. She put her hand on my cheek and said "It's all over now, Bobby. Now there's no reason to be hesitant or embarrassed about being naked in front of your sister, or wearing panties in front of her or getting an erection, or anything. She's already seen you masturbate, so there's no reason to worry about that, either. Okay?" She asked.

I nodded my head up and down to answer and she replied "Good."

"Now," she said, "I have to get in the shower and get ready for my appointment. Linda," she said, looking at my sister, "I want you to take your brother up to your room and see if you can find him some things to wear as a starter wardrobe. I know you have some clothes you don't wear any more, so look to see what you can loan him just to wear around the house. See if you can find him some pretty bras and panties, too. Some of your smaller under things are put away in your closet, so try those, too."

My sister stood and we looked at each other. It was an uncomfortable moment until she smiled at me and said "This will be fun, Bobby. I've got some really cute stuff I don't wear anymore. Come on."

I can't remember the last time my sister and I held hands -- probably when we were small children, but, she reached out and took my hand and together, we left the kitchen. When we got to the stairs, she went first, ahead of me, giving me a terrific view of her ass as she climbed. Her panties were pulled tight, hugging her butt cheeks and with every step she climbed, I could see the material of her panties stretched tight across her pussy lips from behind.

When we got to the top of the stairs, she glanced back and saw me looking between her legs. "Like you haven't seen enough already? Damn, Bobby, if I was wearing any less, I'd be naked!" She said.

So, what was I supposed to do? Was I supposed to not look at her? Yeah, like that was ever going to happen. Even with the humiliation I just sat through, that didn't do anything to lessen my desire to see her or any female, dressed in her panties.

When we got to her room, she went right in, but I stood outside. "Come on in, little brother." She said. "You heard mom, didn't you? You have to do whatever I say."

End of chapter 14.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 15
byPro_Ball_Player©

When I entered my sister's room, the first thing that came into my mind was how I stood naked in this very room just yesterday while my mother dressed me for my deflowering. "I stood right there," I thought, looking at her full length mirror, "admiring myself."

It's funny what memories you associate with places. This had been my sister's room for as long as I could remember. We played here when we were young and I recalled chasing her up the stairs hundreds of times as she fled for the shelter of her lockable door. Our lives were simpler then, there were no fetishes or fantasies to confuse us and my overall level of happiness was measured by the amount of chocolate ice cream in the freezer.

This was also the room where it all started. This is where I observed my sister pick up her worn panties while we were cleaning her room that fateful day. She lifted them to her nose to see if they were clean, and then quickly threw them in her laundry hamper. I later stole those panties, and they were one of the pairs my mother found in my room.

So here I was, standing in the very place where everything started. That day, we were both in our underwear. We were today, too, sort of. The only difference between that day and this day was that today, I was dressed in my sister's underwear, not my own.

"Yoo hoo. Bobby?" I heard Linda say.

"Huh?" I answered, breaking out of my walk down memory lane. As I turned around to answer her, my mother came into the room, interrupting us.

"Okay you two, listen up." Mother said. "Here are the rules until I get back."

Looking at me mom said, "Bobby, under no circumstances are you to cum while I'm gone." She turned to my sister and said, "Your brother's weenie is like a machine, Linda. It's always hard and he can cum more times than anyone I've ever seen, so you watch him and don't let him play with himself. In fact, don't leave him alone at all. If you do, he's going to pull that monster out and he'll be yanking on it."

Then spinning back to me, she continued speaking. "Bobby, now you be nice and do what your sister says. I want you to look through your sisters clothes to find some things to wear.... just around the house like we talked about. You let her help you find a few pairs of panties that fit you and some bras, too. Your sister has a good sense of fashion, so you cooperate and do what she says. When I get back from my appointment, I'm going to want to see what you've found, so you better take me seriously."

Turning again to my sister, she informed Linda that I needed to have a shower and reminded her not to leave me alone. "Don't let him close up the shower, and you stand there and watch him to make sure he doesn't start pulling himself." She instructed.

"Bobby, you should be well past the point of being embarrassed in front of your sister, so I'm giving her my permission to see you and touch you all she wants. If she decides to let you see any more of her than you're seeing now, that's her decision, but I don't want you touching her.... and I mean that." Mom's tone was firm and her directions were clear. I definitely understood what she said and what she expected.

She told us she would be gone for about two hours, maybe a little less, and she expected us to do what she said for that short amount of time. "I don't think that's too much to ask." She added.

"Bobby," mom said when she was finished giving us our directions, "I want to speak to you for a moment in my bedroom before I get in the shower." Then, she turned and walked out of my sister's room and vanished into her bedroom across the hall. I looked at my sister who stood there with a questioning look on her face. "You better go," Linda said, "I'll wait for you." Then shaking her finger at me and smiling, she added, "Be sure you come right back. You're not allowed to be alone, you know."

I walked past my sister to my mother's room. Mom was waiting for me at the doorway with one hand on the door ready to close it when I came through. As I entered, she closed the door and pulled me into her, giving me a full warm kiss. "Oh, gawd, Bobby" she panted, "That was so hot watching your sister her milk you like that! I swear, I wanted to grab your cock out of her hands and just devour it.... right there in front of her."

I attempted to kiss her back, but her lips were all over my face. Her hands were feeling inside my panties for my throbbing member and when she got hold of it, mom pulled it out and cradled it in her hands. Pulling me by my cock over to the bed, she sat down on the edge and peered up at me. Letting go of my cock, she slowly laid back on the bed, bringing her knees up and spreading them lewdly, showing me the shiny wetness that saturated the crotch panel of her panties. Her hands moved down to her panty covered pussy and her fingers started to trace the fissure of her visible and engorged labia. "Go ahead," she said, "put your face down there. You earned it, mister."

I didn't need to be told twice. Kneeling down at the edge of the bed, I lowered my face down to her wet pantied treasure.

Placing my hands on her legs and holding them open, I grazed my nose up and down mom's wet crease taking in her sweet womanly scent. As my nose moved progressively deeper into her furrow, I could hear the sloppy sounds of her lubricated pussy against the material of her panty. Stopping with my nose pushing against her clit, I placed my lips against her panty and sucked.

I simply can't describe the satisfaction of sucking her pussy juices through her panty into my mouth. It was, for lack of better terms -- plentiful, and free flowing. Wanting everything she had, I placed my hands on either side of her pussy and pulled her apart to open her up more, hoping she would flood me with her viscous nectar.

"Oh, yes," she gasped, "hold me open, baby. Pull me open wide and lick me"

With one hand, I pulled her panties to the side and looked into her - through her inner lips - to see her pussy juice pooled up deep inside her vagina. Spreading her as wide as I could and holding her panties back, I locked my mouth onto her and drove my tongue into my mom as far as I could. It was there that I hit pay dirt -- the same thick, musky secretions I had lapped out of her pussy when we were in her bed just a day before.

I went to work swiftly. First, nibbling on her clit and then driving my tongue into her pussy as intensely as I could. Then, I would lick the sensitive spot between her labia, concentrating on that area below her clit and above her vaginal opening. Every time I licked there, she would buck her hips up into me and moan "Oh, yes, right there.... right there."

I teased her, licking and sucking all the reaches of her sex until I had her repeating these low throaty sounds and clutching the bed as if some unknown power was trying to thrust her past escape velocity and into orbit. Finally, I licked and sucked her to the point of liftoff. Her legs went completely rigid and she started to grunt and thrust her hips against my mouth. "Oh, baby," she said, "here it comes.... here it comes! Aaahhhh!"

Then, all of a sudden, her lungs emptied and she let out a massive breath of air and pushed my face away from her pussy. I was about to dive back in when she implored me to stop, saying, "No more, Bobby.... please..... no more."

I sat back on my haunches and held her legs back as she trembled and shook to herself. After a minute, her panting subsided and I carefully pulled the gusset of her panty back across her mound and then lowered her legs to the floor.

I softly nuzzled my nose back into her panties as she rested, but the instant she felt my nose against her mound, her hands flew down and covered her pussy. "It's too sensitive down there, baby. Please, let me rest for a minute." Honoring her request, I scooted up closer between her legs and lay my head in her lap as if I was worshiping her vagina. From there, I could smell her scent, hear her breathing and feel the thumping of her heart.

I smiled to myself knowing I gave her what she needed. Her orgasm was powerful, I knew it -- I could tell by the way she stiffened up and bucked her pussy into my mouth. I completely forgot about my straining erection between my legs while I was servicing her womanhood. And, the pleasure I received from bringing her off was at least equal to the pleasure she received from getting off.

When she recovered, she put her hands on my head and asked me, "When was the last time you came, sweetie? Was it last night when I dressed you for bed, or did you play with yourself again after that?"

Leaning up from her lap, I told her I didn't touch myself after I went to bed.

"You didn't make yourself cum again last night or this morning?" Mom asked.

"No," I answered, "I was too tired."

"That's remarkable. So, you've got several hours worth of cum built up then, don't you, baby?" She asked.

I nodded my head and answered, "You guys almost made me cum in the kitchen a few minutes ago, though."

She chuckled. "I know. I could feel your prostate gland beneath my finger. When it started to get hard, I knew you were about to blast. I'm sorry we had to tease you like that, Bobby, but it turned out okay, don't you think?"

As usual, she was right. After I heard my sister talk about her sexual activities and saw my mother's general acceptance of it, I guess my panty and feminine desires didn't seem that far out, after all. I confessed to my mother how excited I was when she slowly lowered my panties in front of my sister, fully exposing me and making me stand there in all my erected glory.

"I knew that would terrify and excite you, baby." She replied. "I remember the first time I did that to my brother. It was with one of my girlfriends from school. He stood there in utter shock as I pulled his panties down to his knees and made him stand there while she looked at him." She laughed and added, "He was so worked up, as soon as she touched his cock he squirted all over her chest. She had never seen a boy cum before and she got the surprise of her life."

Her story generated new stiffness in my loins and I yearned to hear more about my mother's sexual exploits with her brother. However, she stood and pulled me to her and kissed me tenderly. "Thanks for making me cum, sweetie, but I need to get going or I'll be late for my appointment." She said.

She told me to go into her bathroom and wipe her pussy juice off my face. When I returned, she peeled her panties down her legs, folded them into a small square and set them on her dresser. "You can have these tonight, Bobby. Right now you have to go back to your sister."

I turned to leave, but she reached out and stopped me. Pushing the hair out of my eyes and then resting her hands on my chest, she bent her head to the side and looked at me. "Bobby, what I'm about to ask is important to me, and, I won't make you do it if you don't want to.... but, would you promise me you won't fuck my daughter while I'm gone today?"

Her words shocked me. I looked at her with questioning eyes and she answered my look. "Bobby, I saw the look on her face when she was holding your cock and stroking you. She wants to fuck your brains out, sweetie. If you have a weak moment and start thinking with your little head while I'm gone, I think she'll be all over you."

"Don't worry," I answered, "I already promised you I wouldn't do anything with her, remember?"

"Well, the situation has changed, Bobby." She explained. "She's definitely not a virgin anymore, and she's on birth control and she has, after all, had oral sex with your father and apparently had some group sex experiences. Plus, given my relationship with my own brother, I can't honestly see the two of you not becoming sexual. Truthfully, I expect it now and I would be extremely happy for both of you if you found each other in that way."

I was stunned. The thought of having my sister and my mother, both people I cared deeply for, in a loving and sexual relationship was profound and titillating.

"But," she said, "it can't start today. That's all I'm asking. Would you promise me that?"

I nodded my head and kissed her cheek. She crinkled her nose and smiled back at me. "Sweetheart, if you keep your promise, I have a special surprise to give you. Now go back in there and do whatever your sister tells you to do, and remember, I'm going to be very disappointed in you if you cum even one drop!"

She opened the door enough for me to slip out into the hallway. I heard the door shut behind me and at the same time my sister peeked out from her room at me. I must have had a grin the size of Texas on my face as I entered her room because as soon as I walked past her, she looked back at my mother's door to make sure it was shut and then said "You were in there a while. Did you get in trouble for something?"

"No," I answered, "she just wanted to see if I was okay. I guess she thought you guys traumatized me in the kitchen, or something.... I guess. She wanted to talk about it, that's all."

"So," my sister asked, "were you traumatized?"

"To tell you the truth, at first, I almost broke down in tears." I answered truthfully. "It was humiliating and embarrassing to know your own sister was seeing you dressed in her panties. I didn't know how you were going to take it. Then, when mom stared to undress me, I started to feel weak. You know, though, when she pulled my panties down and I saw you staring at my cock, all the fear went away and I felt much better. It was so exciting to be naked and exposed. I swear, the feeling I got with you looking my cock was unbelievable. It was something I dreaded and something I wanted, all at the same time."

She walked over to me and reached out to grab my cock. "Hmm, so you enjoyed it when mom lowered my cute little panties down your legs and made you stand exposed like that, huh? You got all excited with your dick hanging out, dripping and pointing? Why, you're just the perfect little exhibitionist, aren't you, little brother. I bet you would love to expose yourself to me again and jerk off right in front of me, wouldn't you?"

"Yes." I answered. It was true. My first little tastes of being naked in front of my mother, and then in front of my sister, were beyond what I would call enthralling.

"Yeah," she replied, "I bet you would." Then she asked, "Would you be more turned on if you undressed yourself, or if someone undressed you? What if I did it? What if I pulled those panties down right now?" She asked, pointing to the pink panties I wore since last night. "Would that turn you on?"

"Yes," I answered, "I already told you it would."

Then, smiling at me and reaching out to my hips, my sister whisked my panties down, leaving them at my ankles. "There," she said, "hand them to me." I stepped out of her panties and handed them to her. Naked and with my cock poking up obscenely, I stood proudly as she looked at my manhood.

"I think it's better for you to be naked right now, anyway," she said, "since we're going to be trying on clothes for a while."

We were still standing close together and it was then I saw the look in her eye that my mom referred to. She touched the tip of my cock and smeared a drop of pre-cum around my cockhead. "You really do like this, Bobby, I can tell." She mused. "I like it, too," she added, "and mom was right, you do have a very nice cock."

"You're much bigger than dad is," she said, "did mom tell you?"

"No," I answered, "we never discussed him."

"Well, you are," she replied, "he's got a nice one, but yours is bigger. I can see why she wanted to suck it. Believe me, any woman would want to suck this one."

Then she surprised me by pulling her shirt over her head. "My boobs aren't as big as moms are," she said as she cupped them in the palms of her hands, "but, there're pretty sensitive. My nipples really get hard sometimes."

"Do you want to be naked together, Bobby?" She asked. "Can you control yourself? You know what mom said -- no jerking off."

"I remember," I replied, "I won't."

While I watched, she looked at me coyly and began to pull her own panties down, very, very slowly. Once she got them to her knees, she stepped out of them. "Bet you didn't know I had a bald pussy, did you?" She asked, pulling her panties up to her nose and sniffing them.

"Well," I answered, starring at her perfectly bald mound, "mom told me you usually shaved during the summertime because of your swimsuits." I couldn't take my eyes off her pussy. It was gorgeous with the most perfectly shaped lips -- just a little puffy with her clit barely peeking out at the top.

"Well that used to be the case." She said. "Just between us, dad paid to have my pussy hair permanently removed last semester while I was at school. We did those new laser hair removal treatments. I love it like this, too, and so does dad."

"You're beautiful," I said, admiring her flesh colored lips and her petite breasts, "can I see down there, you know, uh, closer?"

"I might let you," she answered, "but first, I want you to tell me how you got started with all this panty sniffing and wanting to wear our panties. I've been dying to hear all about that."

Linda pulled her chair away from her desk and perched on the edge of the chair. She motioned me over and then pulled me in front of her, between her spread legs. "Hold it out for me," she asked, referring to my cock, and then said, "and tell me how it started."

I put my hand around my cock and held it out to her. I moaned as my sister bent her head down and rubbed her cheek against it. Then she rubbed her nose down my shaft, stopping when she was half way down.

She abruptly stopped and looked up at me. "Bobby, did you fuck our mother when you were in there?" She asked with a serious look on her face.

"No!" I answered.

"That's a crock of shit. I can smell it. I know what pussy smells like," she said, "and it's all over your cock!"

"Oh," I replied, "it must be my hands. See?" I said, holding out my hands for her to sniff.

I watched curiously as my sister sniffed my cock and then my hands -- back and forth until she was sure the pussy smell was coming from my hands and not my cock. "So you had your hands in our mother's pussy? Did you finger her and get her off?"

"No, Linda. I didn't fuck her and I didn't finger her." I answered.

"Well, what then?" She retorted. "Your hands smell like pussy. How do you explain that?"

"I can't say anything right now, Linda. I know you already admitted that you and dad are doing things, but, I don't know if mom would want me to talk about any of this, especially if she wasn't here." I hoped my explanation would be sufficient, but it wasn't.

"Oh, come on, Bobby." She said, as she reached out to wrap her hand around my balls, loosely. "Your hands smell like pussy! If she and I are the only girls here and I know your hands weren't in my pussy, then it stands to reason you were doing something with her in that room. If you tell me what you did, I'll tell you some of the stuff dad and I have done."

Her offer was appealing. I desperately wanted to know if dad had fucked her, and what else they had done. Apparently it had been going on for a while because she admitted to me that dad paid to have her pussy hair removed while she was at college.

Then she tried another angle. "If you tell me, I'll suck your cock?" She offered, with a big grin on her face.

The next thing I know her warm mouth was closing around my excited member, sucking around the tip and slobbering all over me. "Come on," she said, lifting her head off my cock, "I'll suck you off all the way and let you cum in my mouth if you tell me what you were doing in there."

"Linda, you heard what mom said, remember? She told me not to cum." I answered. And as much I hated to say the words, I told her she might as well stop because I wasn't going to tell her. 

"How soon you forget, little brother. She didn't say anything about me making you cum, she only said I wasn't supposed to let you jerk off. So," she countered, "how about this? If you don't tell me, I WILL make you cum -- I'll suck you so good that you'll be emptying your nuts in no time. And you better decide quickly because I'm a damn good cock sucker and I'll make you cum in about sixty seconds if you don't start talking." Her head went back down to my cock and she enveloped my shaft with warm, wet sucking motions that immediately got me worried I couldn't last thirty seconds, much less sixty. She wasn't kidding; she was really good at this -- as good as mom was.

"Okay," I said as I tried unsuccessfully to push her head from my cock, "I'll tell you."

Linda was smiling when she looked up at me. Her face and my cock were covered in spit, and looking down at my sister's naked body, I cursed myself for telling her to stop. Right now, I really needed to cum, but, remembering my promise to my mom and her unusual offer to give me a surprise, I had no choice other than to agree to Linda's terms and tell her what we did.

"I ate her out," I confessed. "I licked her and she was so wet, her pussy juice got all over my face and hands.

"No shit?" She asked. "You mean she took you in there to talk to you about what happened in the kitchen and you ended up eating her out?"

"Yeah," I replied, "that's kind of how it happened."

"Hmm, I believe you." She said. "Your cock doesn't smell like pussy, so you're probably telling the truth. But, I still want to hear how all this started, and I need to cum pretty bad, so come back over here and let me play with that nice cock of yours while you tell me all about it."

Just then, I heard the sound of the shower shutting off. I glanced through the open doorway of my sister's room to make sure my mom hadn't come out. It would be just like her to check up on us. "Linda, quick, get your clothes back on -- mom's out of the shower and I bet she's going to look in here to see if we're doing what she told us to do."

"Shit!" Linda yelped. She jumped up out of her chair and reached for her shirt. As she was slipping it on, I picked up her panties and held them to my nose, making it completely obvious to her what I was doing.

"Give them to me, Bobby. I don't want her to see my pussy like this!" She urged. I held them out to her and when she reached for them, I pulled them back. "Can I have them after mom leaves?" I asked.

"Yes," she gasped, "just let me have them now!"

I tossed the panties to her and she stepped into them. I went directly to her lingerie drawer and scooped up an armful of her silkies and threw them on her bed. Thinking quickly, I reached for the first thing I saw, a pair of her thong undies, and slipped them up my legs. I had no sooner got them to my hips when our mother appeared in my sister's doorway with a robe wrapped around her body, fresh from the shower.

As if we had rehearsed it, my sister casually picked up the matching bra to the thong I just put on and said "But, Bobby, this bra is too flimsy. It's gonna look stupid without boobs in it. Let's find something else."

My mother listened intently to our make believe disagreement. Then, she walked over to Linda's desk and picked up her box of tissues. Pulling several tissues from the box and handing them to my sister, mom asked, "You remember how to stuff a bra, don't you, honey?"

As she was about to leave, mom turned and pointed to the thong I was wearing and looked at my sister. "He's got those on inside out, I think."

"Keep up the good work." Mom said, as she walked back into her room and closed the door behind her.

I looked at my sister and we both let out a combined sigh of relief. "That was close." Linda said. "I guess I owe you one for that, little brother."

"Yeah," I answered, "once she leaves, I want those panties you have on, and I want to look at your pussy close up -- like on your back with your knees up."

She agreed, and then believe it or not, we actually busied ourselves with trying on the lingerie that was in her drawer. We tried on panties first, trying to find the ones that would hold me in. We decided that none of her tiny bikinis were going to work at all. Some of her hipsters were fine, but a few were too tight. There were some white satin panties she wore in high school that looked the best, so we kept them out and the bra that went with it. Remarkably, once we got busy looking in her closet, my cock actually deflated. She found some cotton bikini panties, still in the original packaging, that mom got for her to wear in the hospital when she had her tonsils removed a couple of years back. Of course, they were girl colors, but I didn't care -- especially when they fit me perfectly and held my cock just like my briefs did.

When my mom came out of her room dressed and ready to go to her appointment, there were piles of "keepers" on the bed and on the floor. I had kept the cotton panties on and was standing in front of the mirror while my sister was trying to adjust the shoulder straps on a plain cotton bra that she said would go well with the panties. The bra cups were really just two padded triangles. As my mother watched, Linda slipped it on me and fastened the strap in the back. With a little more adjusting of the shoulder straps, it felt wonderful. It wasn't too tight and lay perfectly over my chest.

My mother came over to inspect the bra, running her hands under the strap in the back, under the shoulder straps and inside the cups, grazing my nipples with her finger tips as she did. Mom turned to my sister and said "It's a training bra, but that doesn't matter, I think it looks precious."

Mom seemed impressed with our progress, and so was I. Even though we got a slow start, my sister really did have some nice things and also had some good ideas. I was surprised that she got into it so much. I saw a different side to my sister while we worked, a side that told me she would supportive of my lingerie desires and the few times my cock asserted itself and grew, we joked about it and then it went away.

Before my mother left, she reminded us both that I needed to have a shower, with Linda supervising. Then mom surprised me by saying she might want to take me shopping when she got back. Of course, I immediately got excited to think about what we might be shopping for, and then putting it all together, I deduced that she was taking me shopping for lingerie as my promised surprise.

Mother then told my sister to have me dressed in a nice pair of panties under some clean jeans and an attractive button up shirt. "That bra will be fine, sweetheart. Be sure you wash your hair and for heaven's sake, please shave after your shower," she said, "you look so much better without all that scraggly growth on your face."

Right before we heard the front door close, she yelled up the stairs to us. "I'll be back in about an hour and a half." I heard the front door close and then she was gone.

I grinned at my sister and pointed to her panties. "Those are mine now." I reminded her.

"At least let her get out of the driveway and down the street before you demand my panties, you pervert!" My sister replied as she playfully slugged me in the arm.

I was going to take pleasure in this, I promised myself. Seeing her naked earlier, even though it was briefly, was a tremendous turn-on for several reasons. First, this was the first real woman with a shaved pussy I had ever seen, and second, she wasn't shaved at all -- her pussy hair had been permanently removed, I assumed meaning it would never grow back. Now that was cool. Lastly, I was going to have her lie back on her bed and open herself completely up..... and I was going to get right in there! Maybe just a few inches and inspect my sister's pussy as closely as she inspected my cock.

To make the best use of time, I started to pick up the clothes we left lying on the bed so she could lie down. After I moved all her lingerie into her desk chair, I stood by the bed, held my hand out to her and said "I think she's out of the neighborhood by now."

"Okay, Bobby," my sister said, "How do you want to do this?"

"I want you to lie down naked and spread your legs wide so I can look at you." I answered.

"Oh, that's certainly unique." Linda replied, snobbily. "Gosh, where have I heard that before? Did you think of that yourself, or, is that one of the lines every high school boy has to memorize before he can graduate?"

"Quit stalling, Linda," I snapped back, "I saved your ass a little while ago. Are you trying to weasel out of our agreement?"

"No, I just wanted to see how bad you were dying to see my cunt, that's all." She answered.

"Better not ever use that word in front of mom." I scolded her. "She doesn't like that word and told me never to use it."

"Little brother, do you always do exactly what mom and dad tell you to do?" She asked.

"Of course," I answered, "and it's something you might try every now and then," I added, "because they like that and it makes things a lot easier on all of us."

She looked at me as if I was crazy. "Whatever." She moaned.

My sister stripped off her panties and threw them at me. Then stepping onto the bed, she laid down and pulled her knees up to her chest and opened them up, almost exactly like my mom did about an hour ago. My cock was hard in anticipation, so rather than keep trying to adjust the panties I was wearing, I took them off and sat down between her legs. I glanced up to her face to see that my sister was blushing.

"Go ahead," she groaned, "get your jollies. It's not like I haven't shown it off before." I scooted up next to her upturned sex and took a deep breath as I marveled at her amazing pussy.

She was completely hairless, and I don't mean she didn't have any pubic hair, I mean there wasn't even anything close to a hair follicle to be found anywhere. Her lips were plump and meaty, like my mother's, and I could see her inner pinkness hiding between them. Bending down, I inhaled my sister's sex deeply. She smelled different than my mother, but, not that different -- it was undeniably a pussy smell. I silently wondered if I would be able to tell their panties apart just by sniffing them. Something I would have to try later now that I had a fresh pair of my mother's panties and an equally fresh pair of my sister's.

I reached up to feel the softness of her hairless mound, but before my hand could touch, she stopped me, saying, "Oh, no you don't Bobby. Mom said no touching, remember?"

"Then open your pussy up so I can see inside." I told my sister.

She placed her hands on either side of her labia and pulled herself apart. I thought I was going to hyperventilate when I saw her sisterly pinkness opened up to me. She was wet, very wet. Her little inner lips were much smaller than mom's and her hole was smaller, too. My sister's clit, though, was bigger than my mother's. Not big as in long, but big as in wide and fat, something easy to grab with my teeth, I thought.

"And just so you know," Linda said to me, "when you're looking at a girl lying on her back with her legs spread wide and she's holding her pussy open like this so you can see it - it's not a vagina, or a cunny, or a pussy. It's a cunt, Bobby."

Although I didn't agree with her, I could understand exactly why she might say that. After all, from her perspective the sole reason for her to be in this exposed position holding her lips open was to let me see her sex.... her fuck place.... her cunt.

"At least let me see your cock." She asked. "Why don't you lay down next to me with your legs pointed toward my head?" She asked. "I know you can't cum, but there's no reason why I can't. You can watch while I play with myself. I know how much guys like to see chicks masturbate."

I jumped at the chance to see her stroking her hairless pussy and as I lie down next to her with my head looking between her legs, I pulled my knees up, too, to give her a good view of my cock and balls. Once I was in place, though, she reached out and took hold of my erection and pulled it a few times. She laughed, telling me I was under her control and asking, "That would turn you on, wouldn't it, little brother? To be under my control, I mean."

"What would you make me do?" I asked.

"Oh, all the stuff you love, I bet." She answered. "Maybe, I would dress you up in a nice pair of panties and then sit on your face with my panties on and make you lick me. Or, maybe I would just sit down on top of that big cock of yours and ride it for hours with out stopping and without letting you cum. Or, maybe I would let you cum in me and then sit on your face again and make you lick all your nasty sperm out of me."

Linda's fingers were sliding up and down her lips, reaching down and penetrating her vagina with each stroke and then coming up to circle her clit. Her other hand has rubbing my cock and twisting it roughly from side to side. Then she started to jab two fingers into her pussy at the bottom of each stroke, opening her legs up progressively wider each time she did. She left her fingers inside her vagina once and spread her fingers apart, then asked me, "Can you see inside me?"

"Oh, yes," I answered, "it looks tight."

"It is tight, Bobby," she replied, "and just think how tight it's going to be when your cock is fucking me.... when I'm up on top, rubbing against you and slamming down on top of that dick of yours."

"You're going to let me fuck you?" I asked.

"No," she answered, "I'm going to make you fuck me. I'm going to make you use that hard cock to make me cum." Her hand was a blur now, rubbing her clit and slicing into her pussy hole. Her forceful talk about making me do things and making me fuck her was driving me to the edge. I knew I was gong to have to stop her hand on my cock because I was starting to get close and promised mom I wouldn't cum.

I reached down to push her hand away from my rod and she looked at me. "You were about to make me cum." I explained. She didn't say anything and she didn't reach back for my crank, either. She only closed her eyes and put both hands in her pussy, one working on her clit and the other hand now shoving three of her slender fingers inside her.

"Oh, fuck!" She screamed.

I bent my head closer to her pussy, so close that I could see the pussy juice clinging to her fingers as her hands worked herself over. "Aaaahhhh, fuuuuuuuck!" she yelled, taking her hand away from her clit and bucking her mound against her thrusting fingers. "She's gonna blow!" I thought.

I watched in rapt fascination while my sister's orgasm exploded. She wasn't quiet or demure about it, either. She was moaning loudly and thrashing from side to side as she crammed her fingers into her pussy as far as they would go and held them there.

When she was done, I let her rest for a minute before I moved. Getting up off the bed, I could see that her fingers and whole hand up to her wrist were wet, slimy and covered with her sweet pussy juice. So, with my wanger bobbing just above her, I stood there staring at those fingers, salivating, until my sister opened her eyes. "Damn," I said, "that was impressive."

She held her hand up to me. "I know what you want." She replied. Looking at me with a sly smile my sister asked, "You want to lick my fingers now, little brother?"

I sat down next to her and she fed me her fingers one at a time. I savored each one, licking it from the tip to where it joined her hand. The smell of her fingers as I licked them was incredible -- so deeply musky and wonderfully feminine. When I was done licking her fingers, I went to work licking her palm and the back side of her hand. With each lick, my cock grew harder and harder with wanting and need for some release. Between the way I was continually and deliberately excited, and then denied by my mother and sister, my cock was about ready to blow itself apart. Their incessant teasing, touching and manipulation of my emotions, as well as my cock, were about to drive me up a wall. I needed some release. I needed to cum and I needed it quickly, else my good nature was going to turn south.

As I licked up the last of my sister's feminine secretions, she looked at her clock and her eyes shot open. "She'll be home in about 45 minutes, Bobby." She gasped.

Jumping up off the bed and grabbing her shirt and panties, she drug me into the bathroom we shared and told me to start the shower. The last time we were in here together, she was standing at the doorway watching me jerk my cock until it exploded all over my chest. I was so worked up now, the smallest amount of friction against my angry monster would make me spray all over the bathroom, creating a certified super-fund site.

As the water warmed up, she danced into her panties and pulled her shirt on. "Well, get in there." She motioned. I pulled the shower curtain closed behind me, but, she pulled it open about sixteen inches as she sat down on the toilet lid to watch me. "You better get yourself super clean, little brother. I may have to inspect you thoroughly when you're done. And I do mean thoroughly." She laughed.

My sister watched as I started to wash my hair. I faced her the whole time, proudly displaying my inflamed cock, swinging it back and forth as my hands scrubbed my head. "So," I said quite matter-of-factly, "you've been fucking dad, huh?"

"No!" She exclaimed. "You mean you've only sucked him off?" I asked.

She didn't answer me. I looked at her and then she cracked up. I knew there was more to it than she was letting on - and she wasn't trying to hide it very much. "What else have you been doing with him?" I asked. "Jerking him off?" I asked.

"Uh huh." She said, nodding her head.

"I bet you've been playing with all those toys in that suitcase you were snooping around in," I teased, "maybe sharing a few of those toys with our father?"

"Uh huh." She answered again.

"And letting him touch you and feel you everywhere?" I prodded.

"Bobby!" She yelled. "Quit it already, would you?" She was blushing again.

I rinsed my hair and began to wash my body. She reached into the shower and handed me a very rough and weird looking wash cloth and a bottle of liquid soap. "Squirt some of that soap on the wash cloth and use that to wash your body," she said, "your skin will really be smooth and you'll smell good... for a change."

I wasn't embarrassed at all to have her watch me in the shower. In fact, I rather enjoyed it. She spent a lot of time looking at my hard-on, and several times I lathered up my hand and stroked myself while she watched. She would let me go about thirty seconds before she would tell me to stop. "Mom was right," she remarked, "your cock is like a machine. It just keeps going and going and going....." We both laughed.

"Hand me the soap." She asked.

I picked up the bottle of liquid soap and handed it to her. "Now, turn around," she added, "and bend over."

"What!" I replied.

"You better do it, or I'll tell mom you didn't do what I said." She giggled.

I wrenched my head around to watch as my sister squeezed some soap into her right hand and then smile at me. "Pull your butt cheeks apart, Bobby." She said, laughing. "I have to make sure you're clean everywhere."

Still looking back at her, I reached around and pulled both of my cheeks apart, baring my recently deflowered rosebud to her. "I learned two things about guys while I was at school last year. Do you know what they are?" She asked.

"No," I answered, "but I bet you're gonna tell me, aren't you?" I asked in return.

"You are so astute!" Linda replied. "Actually, though," my sister added, "I'm going to show you."

She stood up and leaned toward me. Taking hold of my cock with her left hand, she placed the soap covered fingers of her right hand against my bottom hole and rubbed the soap all around. Then, in one slow movement, she inserted her finger into my ass and pushed it into me until it was buried inside me as far as it would go.

"The first thing I learned," she said as she looked up at me clutching my cock and with her finger in my butt, "is that guys who like having something shoved up their butts never pull away when you try to touch them there." She smiled as she wigged her finger and then fucked my butt a few times with her soapy digit.

"The second thing I learned," she added, "is that you can make a guy come just by touching him the right way in there. Now, where is your special place, Bobby? Let's see if I can find it."

The sensations she was producing with her dual prong attack took me to a new place, and quickly. I let go of my cheeks and placed my hands against the shower wall and found myself up on my tip toes as she literally took control of my whole body. She found my special place and as my sister pressed against it, there was no doubt in my eighteen year old mind that she was going to make me cum.

Thinking fast, I started to moan loudly and squeeze my cock muscles. "Oh, no!" I yelled. "You're making me cum, Linda!"

She let go of my cock and pulled her finger out of my ass as soon as I started to yell. "Oh, Bobby, I'm so sorry! Damn it!" She apologized. "I was just trying to tease you and keep you worked up! I didn't think you would cum that fast! I'm sorry... I'm so sorry!"

I turned to look at her, laughing pretty damn hard, and said, "You almost did, and I'll let you do that again, sometime soon, I promise."

She wasn't angry with my faked orgasm, but I could tell she knew I got over on her. Reaching out to grab my cock in her fist and squeezing quite hard she said, "Oh, you will pay so dearly for that, little brother. Maybe not today, but, you will.... you will."

I was done in the shower, so she threw the shower curtain to the side and tossed me a towel. As I was drying off, she told me not to cover my cock. "You seriously do have a nice one, you know. I mean your cock, Bobby." Linda went on to tell me that when mom got home, she was going to volunteer to dress me and shower me everyday, teasing me that I was going to be naked or in panties daily until she went back to school. "Maybe I'll have some of my friends come by and we can play dress-up." She threatened. "Maybe I'll just have you run around the house in one of my teeny tiny thongs so I can see your butt and watch your cock hang out of them." She teased. Through it all, my cock stayed hard and I loved hearing her talk about it, especially when she talked about having her friends come over. While I was shaving, she played with my cock, lightly swinging it from side to side.

Out of the blue, she started to make a race car noise with her mouth. "Vroom, vroom, Bobby!" She jerked my cock up to my stomach. "Vroom, vroom." She repeated, and then shoved my cock down and over to the side. "It's just like the gear shift in dad's old car." She giggled and continued to 'shift me' several more times while I looked at her in total dismay. I realized at that instant she was completely and utterly fascinated by my rod and I also knew that it was just a matter of time before I buried myself in between her legs and filled her girl place with a healthy amount of my sperm.

Herding me back to her room, she told me to stand in front of her mirror while she stood behind me and handed me the training bra my mother so heartily approved of. "You know how to put this on, so don't play dumb with me, just do it." She said. I took the bra and wrapped it around my waist and hooked the back together. Twisting it around, I slipped the straps up my arms and set them in place. She stood to the side of me and tweaked my nipples, making them pop out against the thin material of the training bra. "There you go." Linda said, facing the mirror to see my reflection and tweaking my nipples one more time. "Sometimes, a girl has to know when to flaunt her nips. You guys don't think we know you can see them, but, we do."

She turned to her dresser and opened the second drawer down. She dug through the nightshirts and PJs to pull out a pair of panties she hadn't shown me when we were looking through all her other lingerie. They were so sheer, you could see right through them. They had a small lace border around the legs and around the waist, but other than that, the material was absolutely transparent.

"Bobby, if you rip these, or screw them up, I swear I'll make mom let me spank your naked butt at high noon in the front yard." She said as she held them up for me to see. "I haven't even worn them yet, but mom said to dress you in some pretty panties, so that's what I'm going to do."

She handed them to me and as I put my feet into the leg holes and pulled them up, she continued her warning, telling me, "I don't care if you leak your cum in there, but you better not stretch them out or rip them."

Settling them on my hips, she put her fingers under the elastic bands and fixed the way the panties fit. Even though the panties were basically see through mesh, they were incredibly stretchy and snug. They didn't feel tight, but I could feel the snugness around my crotch as they stretched to conform to my balls and the bulge made by my cock.

Looking down, my sister rubbed my rod through the material of her panties and then reached under my arm and pulled me into my own room. Looking through my closet, she found a pair of jeans that looked new and threw them on the bed. Then, moving to the other end of the closet, she found a shirt I hadn't worn in months. It was a Hawaiian shirt my mother bought for me when they went to Hawaii last year and Linda said it would be perfect. It was multi-colored, but mostly blue; buttons from top to bottom and it had a collar and a pocket.

I found some dark socks and she went to work getting me dressed. When I was done, you couldn't even tell I had a bra on. The multi-colored print and the pattern of the shirt, along with the bagginess, completely disguised the bra. She reached up and undid another button on top, saying "Yes, that's better. Leave that button undone, too."

She marched me back into the bathroom where she took her brush to my still damp hair. Had it been me, one or two strokes with a brush or a comb would have been fine, but she had to make this into a whole project, brushing my hair one way, and then the other, finally deciding to part it down the middle, and leaving a little to hang over my forehead as bangs.

I watched her the whole time and when she was done, I had to admit it looked better than I could have, or would have done. "You know, you look pretty cute now, little brother."

"I second that," my mom chimed in, standing outside the bathroom doorway. "I see you're all ready to go." Looking at my sister, mom asked, "Bra and panties, too?"

Linda nodded and said "We did exactly what you said, mom."

"I knew you would, honey." She said to Linda.

Looking at me she asked, "How about you, sweetheart? You didn't play with that pesky wiener of yours did you?"

"No, mom," I answered, "not at all. You can ask her if you don't believe me."

Mom looked at my sister and Linda verified my story. "Yeah, I think it was the hardest thing he's ever done!" Linda said. "He was a good boy the whole time and did everything I told him to do."

Mom placed her hand on my shoulder, and squeezed it lightly. Then she ran her hand down my back, stopping to feel for a bra strap. Finding one, a smile formed and she turned to me saying, "Well, we better be going or dinner will be late."

Leaving the bathroom and heading down the stairs, I overheard mom telling my sister we wouldn't be home until after dad got home from work and that my sister shouldn't make any plans for tonight, saying, "Plan on staying home later, honey. I think your dad wants us all here tonight."

End of chapter 15.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 16
byPro_Ball_Player©

Author's note: I have received literally hundreds of emails on this story, and I apologize it took so long to resume. To make up for it, this chapter is a bit longer and the next chapter (chapter 17) should be posted right away, perhaps within a week (or less) after this one.

This chapter begins a phase of chapters that clearly take Bobby down a road which he is destined to follow. We pick up the story immediately at the end of chapter 15 without any refresher. I apologize for that.

Lastly, please be aware this is a story about a young man's sexual discovery and journey down many non-traditional paths, aided by his mother. If this is not your thing, Literotica has many wonderful authors and stories you can read.

Thanks again for your emails and comments. Enjoy.

++++++++++++++++++++++=

I waited at the bottom of the stairs for mom to finish talking to my sister, Linda. I was excited to be going out with mom; I wasn't exactly sure where she was taking me, but I had a pretty good idea.

When she came down the stairs, she walked over to me, ran her hands through my hair, put her hands on her hips, and smiled.

"Bobby, sweetheart, I have to say.... the way your sister did your hair, and the clothes she picked out.... I swear, you could just about pass for a girl.... or, a tomboy at least!" She said.

"The look is very subtle," she observed, "just a slight touch of feminine, but, it's not that noticeable, either." Laughing, she added, "Maybe you should let her dress you more often. Now, wouldn't that be interesting?"

"That's an understatement." I said. "The only thing is, uh.... this bra feels a little weird under my shirt. It's a 'nice' weird, though, not a 'bad' weird. It feels a little tight, too."

She pulled me into the kitchen and kissed my cheek. "Oh, sweetie, I wouldn't worry about that too much," she reassured me, "I think maybe you're feeling a little awkward and self conscious right now, that's all. Keep in mind, it's not everyday you put on your sister's bra and panties and go out in public. Anything new is bound to feel weird until you get used to it."

"There's just one thing I would change, though." Mom replied, as she unbuttoned my shirt and held it open to look at the bra on my chest. "I think you need a little more up here to complete the look." She said, patting my non-existent boobs in the training bra. Not a lot more, just something to make the shirt poof out a little more. Let's see what we can do."

She walked over to the counter and pulled a handful of tissues from the tissue box. Walking back to me, she crumpled up the tissues and carefully pulled the bra cups away from my chest and placed a few tissues into each cup of the bra. Then, plucking the cups this way and that to make it look right, she stood back and admired her work. "That should do it. It's not too much, but it's enough to make the shirt hang better. It gives you a little bit of a bust, sweetie."

Buttoning up my shirt, she left an additional button open at the top. "Sometimes," she said, "leaving one more button undone can make all the difference in the way you look and feel." Standing back and looking at me, she said, "Ah, that's much better."

I looked down and there were now two small bumps under my shirt. She walked behind me and pulled the material of the shirt taunt from the back. "See how much better that is?" She asked. "It's perfect now. It will give you the feeling of having breasts. Are you comfortable with that?"

Needless to say, I was. The style of the shirt was such that it could be worn by a male or a female. If anyone paid any attention to me, they would see my slight chest and my hair and probably think I was a girl. Okay, maybe a homely girl, but, none the less, they would think I was a girl.

I have to admit I felt a twinge of excitement and a little bit nasty knowing I was going out in public like this -- imitating a girl. I mean its one thing to put on bra and panties in the privacy of your own home, or even let your mother or sister dress you up in bra and panties, but once you venture outside your front door dressed like that, it's a completely different ball game.

"I'm proud of you for having the courage to go out, baby. It's kind of a big step." She said, complimenting me. "But, no one is going to recognize you where we're going, and to tell you the truth, I think you look just fine."

Mom glanced toward the stairs to make sure we were alone and then reached to feel between my legs. "Are you hard?" She asked.

As her hand squeezed my inflated cock, I could only smile. I always had a hard on when I was around her. And, she knew that perfectly well.

Squeezing it, she said "I would be worried if you weren't, sweetie. But, I guess I shouldn't be surprised. Your Uncle Mike had perpetual erections that lasted days, I think. Or, at least it seemed like days. It was so much fun teasing him and driving him wild. Oh, Never mind," she continued, "Let's get going. I can't wait to get you there!"

"Mom, before we go, can I ask you something?" I said.

"Sure, baby." She answered.

"Well," I said, "you know you woke me up this morning before I had a chance to, uh, you know, make myself cum. And you didn't let me cum with Linda after breakfast, and you told me not to cum while you were gone to your appointment. So, do you think, I could uh...."

She held up her hand and interrupted me. "Bobby, I know where this is going and the answer is 'no'." She replied as she put her arm around me and walked me to the front door. "It's not going to kill you to hold off for a while. Plus," she giggled, "I kinda like it knowing you're horny and carrying a full load."

As I got into the car with my mother, I found myself grinning as I pulled the seat belt over my body and pushed the end into the buckle. Peering over at me, she asked, "What's the smile for, sweetheart?"

"Uh, nothing," I answered, "I'm just happy to be getting out of the house, I guess. Out with you, I mean."

"Oh, that's sweet of you to say, Bobby." She said as she backed the car out of the driveway. "Maybe we should do this more often. You know, just mother and daughter." She peeked at me out of the corner of her eye with a sly smile. I don't know if it was a slip of the tongue or some foretelling of things to come.

But, I hadn't told her the real reason for my big smile.

The real reason I was smiling was because I was recalling the promise she made when I was in her bedroom after breakfast this morning.

When she made me that promise, I had just finished licking her juicy pussy through her panties and my face was completely covered with her wetness. Specifically, she promised me if I kept my hands off my sister while she ran an errand this morning, she would give me a nice surprise "later".

Then, right before she left to run her errand, she mentioned something about taking me shopping. So, based on all of that, and her comments over the last few days that I should have my own panties, I think the facts were falling into place perfectly, and it was clear to me: she was taking me shopping to buy panties!

As additional proof, she told my sister to make sure I had a good shower, shaved the teenage stubble off my face and she told Linda to dress me in some nice clothes. Then, to top it all off, she told Linda to dress me in a bra and some "pretty" panties. That was the clincher! I knew I was right. And apart from a few nervous butterflies in my stomach, I was excited as hell.

Figuring I would play dumb for a while, I asked, "By the way, where are we going?" I tried my best to keep a straight face. I even bit my tongue to keep from smiling.

"Well, that's a surprise, but you'll see soon enough. Why? Where do you think we're going?" She asked, glancing over at me while she drove.

I couldn't contain my excitement any longer and my face broke out in an uncontrollable grin. "Oh, I don't know," I replied sarcastically, "but you DID promise to take me shopping, remember?"

"Ah, now I see what you're getting at. So, you think we're going shopping, eh?" She playfully answered. "You're right! I did promise to take you shopping because we need to get you your own bras and panties, sweetheart. You can't continue to wear mine and your sister's lingerie everyday."

It was like every word she said turned a key on my jaw and my grin got bigger and bigger. The first time the topic of "shopping" ever came up was the day I helped her do the laundry. That was the day everything came out in the open about my panty desires and panty fetish. Since then, there were several conversations where she said I needed my own lingerie.

"Well, Bobby," she added, "I guess we'll just have to see where we end up. Maybe it's shopping and maybe it's not. Will you be heartbroken if it's not?"

"Nah." I answered. "Not really. I just figured that's why you told Linda to put me in bra and panties after my shower. I mean, you know.... uh, in case I had to try on something at one of the lingerie stores."

She smiled and reached over to pat my hand. "I think you'll enjoy what I have planned, sweetheart. But, tell me.... speaking of your sister.... did you and your sister 'do' anything while I was gone?"

I thought for a moment about how I should answer. Should I tell her nothing happened? Or, should I tell her half of what happened... or everything that happened? Weighing everything, I decided on the cautious approach and said "I promise I didn't touch her.... and I didn't cum, Mom."

"But," she asked, "I know you guys did more than just try on clothes the whole time, right?"

"Well, come on, mom! She didn't make it very easy for me." I answered. "She took her panties off and started teasing me and...... asking a lot of questions and saying a lot of things to get me hot. Then, the next thing I know we're both naked, and, uh, uh...."

"Go on." She said.

"Damn, Mom," I replied, "do you know she's completely bare down there? I mean like..... totally hairless? You can see everything! She let me look right between her legs!"

"Well, I expected her to try to entice you, Bobby." She reminded me. "That's why we had that little talk in my bedroom, remember?"

"Yeah, I know, but, you don't understand. I mean she's permanently bald there now." I said.

"I know," mom replied, "your dad told me all about it last night. Did she tell you why her pubic hair was removed?"

"All she told me was that dad paid for it." I answered.

"Well, trust me, there's a lot more to the story than she's letting on, dear. And, don't change the subject on me. So, did she touch you?" Mother asked.

"Yes," I said, "and she threatened to make me cum if I didn't tell her more of the things you and I have done. Then, when I was in the shower, she got her fingers all soapy and, uh...."

"Okay, I get the picture." Mom replied, interrupting me. "It should be obvious to you that your sister is more sexually advanced than you are, sweetie. She's undoubtedly learned how to tease and control boys your age. You'll have to get accustomed to that with her and learn to recognize when she's manipulating you. According to your dad, she can be quite persuasive and convincing."

"Yeah, well 'devious' if you ask me," I replied, "but I didn't touch her and I didn't cum -- although I wanted to. And before you left you promised you would have a surprise for me if I could restrain myself, which I did."

"Oh, I have every intention of keeping my end of the deal, sweetheart. You can count on that." She said, laughing. "And I think it's safe to say you're going to be, uh.... how should I say it.... properly rewarded."

"Listen, Bobby," she said after a few moments, "can we have a serious discussion for a few minutes?" She looked at me to make sure she had my attention. "Your dad and I had a long talk last night concerning you and your sister. He's going to come home this afternoon while you and I are out. He's going to talk to her, so, that leaves me to talk to you."

I began to panic, not knowing where this was heading, especially after my sister confessed that she'd sucked dad's cock. "Are we in trouble?" I asked. "Is he mad?"

"No, no," she answered, "nothing like that." She reached over again and clasped my hand in hers. "It's just that we both realize the two of you aren't children anymore."

As we came to a stop light, she took a breath and turned to me. "Bobby," she continued, "by the time I was your age, your Uncle Mike and I had done just about everything two people could do together. Sexually, I mean. And I think your father and I realize that the more we try to keep you two apart, it's only going to force you to go looking for sexual pleasure somewhere else. And quite honestly, we would much rather you and your sister find what you need at home until that special personal comes along for you."

"I think what I'm trying to say," she continued, "is that I'm releasing you from your promise not to mess around with your sister, provided whatever might happen between the two of you is consensual. Of course, that means never doing anything in front of non-family members and never talking about it outside the family. As long as you keep it in the house, you two can have your fun. And we decided that could include intercourse, sweetheart."

Did I hear that correctly? I thought about it for a minute. I immediately had thoughts of Linda and I having non-stop sex and finally losing my virginity inside a real pussy. Correction: my sister's pussy. Double correction: my sister's bald pussy.

Although I was surprised and extremely happy about what she just said, her explanation didn't say anything about either her or dad. The more I thought about it, my initial happiness started to turn into confusion. Did this mean things had to end between my mother and me? Given the choice, I would gladly give up my sister if I could have my mother under the same circumstances.

"Where do you and dad fit into all of this?" I asked.

"Well," she sighed, "your father and I are going to discuss that very topic with the two of you tonight after dinner. He and I have already talked it through and we've got it all figured out, but, that will be a discussion for this evening. Okay?"

I started to analyze what she just told me, but she broke the silence of my thoughts. "Oh, crap!" She exclaimed. "I didn't realize we were almost there. Look, Bobby, there's one more thing we need to talk about. Do you remember all the times over the last few days where I asked you to trust me?"

"Of course." I replied.

"And in any of those times, did I ever let you down?" She asked.

"No, mom, not once." I answered.

"Okay then, I'm asking you to trust me again. When we get to where we're going, I want you to go along with whatever I ask you to do. Don't bother thinking about it; I've planned everything down to the smallest detail. You have my word that if you play along, you're going to really enjoy yourself. Fair enough?" She asked.

"Fine with me." I replied.

As soon as I had answered, we pulled into a strip mall. I was trying to figure out exactly where we were, but, I didn't recognize any of the landmarks.

If we were going shopping, wouldn't we be at the mall? So much for that brilliant idea, I guess.

But, what was in this strip mall besides shopping? It all seemed puzzling, but, she didn't let me churn on it long, because in a matter of seconds she had me out of the car and before I knew it, we were walking down the walkway in front of many different stores.

As we walked, she took up the time by chatting away, saying, "Baby, this is going to be so breathtaking for you.... I can just feel it."

I don't know who was more excited, her or me. Maybe I was just nervous. I wasn't even paying attention to the names of the stores as we walked, so when she finally pulled me to a stop, I looked on the door and suddenly, a lot of things started to make sense. The name on the door said: "Brenda's".

Now, my Aunt Brenda owns a chain of hair salons in one of the suburbs close to us. This was her newest one, but, it wasn't just a hair place. I overheard mom and dad talking about it while it was being built and after it opened. Mom came here occasionally and sometimes my sister came here, too. But this wasn't your everyday hair salon. When we walked in, there was a lobby -- kind of like a doctor's office waiting room. It was a fancy looking place and when we opened the door, none of the women seated in the lobby paid any attention to us, or to me, as we walked in.

There was a large desk where a nicely dressed woman with glasses sat with a computer. My mom pulled me over to the desk and we stood there until the woman looked up and greeted us. "Hi," my mom began, "is Brenda here?" She asked.

"Hold on and let me check. Can I ask your names?" The woman answered.

"Just tell her it's her sister-in-law and her niece." Mom replied.

The woman gave me a nice smile, picked up the phone and punched a few numbers. In just a matter of seconds, she told us my aunt would be right out. I replayed my mom's words back in my head.... the ones where she said I was Aunt Brenda's niece.... and then slowly looked around to see if anyone was looking at me. I was astonished to see no one was staring and the woman at the desk had gone back to her work without even a second look at me.

In less than a minute, I saw Aunt Brenda coming through one of the doors and as soon as she was upon us, she hugged mom and then turned to me. I felt embarrassed for a minute, but when she hugged me and kissed me on the cheek, the embarrassment melted away. "Oh, you look so cute!" She whispered, almost silently, as she hugged me.

"Come on," Aunt Brenda said, "I've got everything ready."

I walked behind them, looking around as we made our way through a hallway to a door with a nameplate that said 'PROCEDURE ROOM'. "What kind of 'procedures' go on in here?" I wondered. Aunt Brenda smiled and opened the door to show us in.

I think the only way to describe this room is that it looked like a fancy hotel suite. It was big, I mean really big. It had a desk with a computer and a phone, a TV, comfortable looking chairs, a recliner, and yes... a bed. Looking over to my right, there was at least one or two more rooms back that way. There was also another piece of furniture in the room.... it looked remarkably like a hospital bed. There were rails on the side and it had wheels. "This is getting seriously weird." I thought to myself.

"Bobby, it's been too long since I've seen you," my aunt said, "here... let me look at you." Aunt Brenda held my hands in hers and stepped back to look at me. After giving me the once over, she hugged me to her and I felt her breasts crush into mine.

Releasing me from her hug, she turned to my mom and asked, "Sherri, did you tell him?"

"No," my mom answered, "I thought it might be best if I told him here. You know, like a surprise."

"Oh, I see. Do you want me to step out while you two chat, then?" My aunt asked.

"Not at all, Brenda. In fact, I think you should stay." My mom answered as she lay her purse down on one of the chairs.

Mom sat on the bed and then reached toward me. Beckoning me over to her, she grasped one of my hands and pulled me in front of her. Then, looking at my aunt, she patted the bed next to her and asked Aunt Brenda to come and sit with her.

When my aunt was seated next to my mother, mom looked up at me. "Bobby," she began, "when I went out this morning, this is where I came. Your aunt and I sat in this very room and I told her everything you and I have been through since the day I found all those panties in your room."

I think my mom was fully prepared to see the look of distress on my face. Actually, I think she expected it. So when I started to pull away from her and my facial expressions signaled my unhappiness, she held my hand tight and said, "Bobby, please hear me out."

My irritation subsided when I saw the insistent look in my mom's eyes. Recalling how she asked me to put myself in her hands while we were here, and how I agreed to do that, I nodded my head and let her continue.

"Bobby," she continued, "your Aunt Brenda knows everything now. About us, all about your panty fetish, and the strap on..... everything. I was completely honest with her. So there's no reason for you to feel uncomfortable. As you can see, she doesn't think any less of you for any of it." I glanced at Aunt Brenda as she sat there quietly.

"Anyway," she added, "we thought the two of us could help you understand and become more knowledgeable and comfortable with 'girl things'. We came up with some ideas and that's why we're here. So, like I asked you in the car, can you trust me and put yourself in my hands for a while?"

I looked at my aunt again. She smiled softly and nodded her head up and down, assuring me it was the right thing to do to say 'yes'. I also noticed she was holding my mom's hand now as if this was a pivotal moment in history, and they were giving each other emotional support.

"Sure, mom," I answered, "of course I will."

The look of relief on my mom's face was evident. Her smile came back and I felt the anxiety around us melt away. She squeezed my hand and then let go of it. "Good, sweetheart, you won't regret it."

With that, she raised her hands and began to unbutton my shirt while I stood in front of them. As she went from one button to another, she explained. "Sweetheart, before we start, I want to help you live out one of your fantasies." When she got to the last button, she opened up my shirt and lowered her hands. I looked at my aunt, and her eyes were glued to my chest, taking in the sight of her nephew in a bra.

I felt the sharp sting of embarrassment flow all over my body, practically blistering my face. It was like a hundred sun lamps were focused on my cheeks and I found myself taking short choppy breaths to keep up with my racing heart.

My mother noticed my condition. "Relax, sweetheart." Mom urged, sitting next to my aunt. "Take a deep breath and settle down. We still have a lot more to show her and I don't want you hyperventilating on me."

My aunt's eyes were staring at my bra and I could tell she now had a hundred questions in her head about me. For example, if I was wearing a bra, what was I wearing under my pants? But, the tingly excitement in my crotch was overpowering and I relished the way her gaze made me feel on display. I don't know if I was more excited for her to see me in my sister's bra, or the fact that I was becoming desperately eager for her to see me in my sister's panties, too.

Aunt Brenda stood up and laid her hands on my chest, cupping my tiny man boobs in her hands and running her fingers lightly over the material. "This is a good look for you, Bobby." She said.

"You know, what a girl wears under her clothes tells a lot about her." She added, as she toyed with the plain fabric of the bra. "I'm thinking you might like the feel of silk or nylon against your skin; something soft and slinky sliding across your body to give you that 'grown-up' girl feeling. Maybe some nice, soft camisoles? What do you think Sherri?"

My mom agreed. "I promised I would buy him his own lingerie. I think some silky camisoles would be a good addition to our shopping list."

"Do you like dressing like this?" My aunt asked me, running her hands over my chest and stopping to cover my bra cups with her hands. "It's not that uncommon, Bobby." She added. "Many men and boys are drawn to female clothing, you know. And, it's not because they're gay or anything like that, it's because they admire the femininity of a female and want to have that for them selves. Many boys grow up with a loving mom, like you did, and it's completely normal for them to want to feel feminine at times."

My aunt's words struck a chord with me. Mom could see I was thinking about what Aunt Brenda said.

"I told him he could dress as a girl at home, if he wanted to." Mom added, reaching for my hand and holding it lightly. "I'm sure his sister's not going to mind, and I know his dad is going to be fine with it."

"That's a wonderful start," my aunt replied, "being able to be yourself at home is the first step in understanding all your feelings, both male and female. I'll tell you what, Bobby," my aunt continued, "if you ever decide you want to experience full femininity, I hope you'll let me help. We can do your nails here, your hair and eyebrows..... show you some things about make up. Your mom and I can teach you about things like hosiery and so many things girl's need to know. There's no pressure," she added, "I'm just offering."

My mother's thumb was gently caressing my hand as she held it. "That sounds like a nice offer, sweetheart. I hope you'll think about accepting it." Mom said, then followed with, "Why don't you help him off with his shirt?"

As my aunt nodded, she reached up and slipped the shirt from my shoulders and down my arms. As it came off, she folded it carefully and set it on the side of the bed and then sat down next to my mom. After my aunt was seated, mom's hands reached up to my waist and unbuckled my belt. She smiled smugly and turned to my aunt as her fingers moved to the snap of my pants and said, "You should have seen the look on his sister's face this morning when I stood him up and undressed him in front of her. It was priceless."

I didn't feel it until now, maybe because I was numb by then, but, my cock was throbbing, and as mom's fingers searched for the zipper, I felt her pressing against it. My mind screamed "Oh fuck! She's really going to do it! She's going to pull my pants down and let my aunt see me wearing my sister's panties!"

Mom continued her narration to my aunt, telling her in lurid detail how she exposed me to Linda in the kitchen; taking her time to explain every facet of what happened. With every word, the level of my excitement and desire grew. When she described to Aunt Brenda how the outline of my cock looked as it pushed against my sister's pink bikini panties and how obvious it was that I was erect, I couldn't stop myself from shuttering. "Easy, sweetheart." Mom said. "Calm down. I don't want you shooting off in your pants. We don't want you getting messy down here, now do we?"

Once mother got my pants unzipped, she put her hands on my hips and pulled me a few inched closer to them. Then, without warning, she pushed my pants down and let them fall around my ankles.

Not a word was spoken as my aunt studied me. I could see her eyes looking closely, taking in the way my panties bulged out and straining to see my cock and balls through the almost transparent material. Every second I stood there in the silence felt like an hour. My heart thumped in my chest as I endured the rapture of this glorious torture.

While my aunt inspected me with her eyes, I felt my mom's hand on my bottom. She was gently caressing me, her fingers lightly tracing along the crease of my cheeks, down to where my balls were safely nestled in the girly panties my sister dressed me in.

"We're almost there, Bobby." Mom said softly as she caressed my bottom. "Let her look at you for a few minutes and then we'll go all the way and let her see the rest."

I knew the view my aunt and mom had must have been lewd and graphic, to say the least. I waited patiently while my mother continued to recount the story of how she undressed me and pulled my panties down in front of my sister. As she spoke, her free hand found its way to the front of my panties where she started to feel me up, idly rubbing and fondling my cock as it throbbed in response. Through all of this, it seemed like every other sentence out of my mom's mouth contained the words "his panties". And every time I heard it, it was like someone sucked the breath out of my lungs and I got closer and closer to a point where I knew a spontaneous ejaculation was imminent.

I stood mutely in front of them while mom told her how I thanked my sister for letting me wear her lingerie, and how I told my sister it was okay if she touched my cock while I stood naked in front of her. Each and every minute my mom drew this out, my heart beat harder and my need to be fully exposed to my aunt churned inside me. I silently prayed for her to get on with it. She knew damn well what she was doing to me -- and I think she was enjoying it.

Finally, mom finished the story. "And you didn't even let him cum?" My aunt asked. Both she and my mom laughed back and forth as my mom shook her head and answered "No, he hasn't cum all day!"

After their laughter died down, mom asked Aunt Brenda if she was ready to see me naked.

"Sherri, would you mind if I touched him for a few minutes, first?" Aunt Brenda asked.

"Of course," mom answered, "help yourself, but, be careful and don't jiggle him around too much. He's already been complaining that he needs to cum."

"Well, we should really let the boy have his cum, Sherri." My aunt replied, as her hand moved extra cautiously toward the front of my panties. Mom reached for her hand and guided it directly to my bulge. "You don't have to be that careful, Brenda," mom said, emphasizing the word 'that'. "I don't think he's going to explode just by being touched. Besides, he's probably so numb by now, he'll never even feel it."

Mom gave a little snicker and glanced up at me. "Aaahhh." I moaned as my aunt's hand pressed against my panty encased rod. I needed to cum so bad. My mom knew exactly how I would react when she told my aunt she could touch me. "Please don't get carried away now, Bobby. You'll spoil one of our little surprises if you do." Mom warned me.

It was curious how my aunt asked my mom if she could touch me, rather than directly asking me. And it was just as curious that my mom answered her, not even giving me a say in the matter. Not that I would have said 'no', mind you.

My aunt's hands were magical. She did a very thorough job of feeling me through my panties by applying a mixture of soft and firm pressure. She squeezed and felt me thoroughly, including my full nuts. Finally drawing her hands back, Aunt Brenda turned to my mom. "You're so lucky, Sherri." She said jealously. "And you have him trained so well already."

"Sweetheart," mom said to me, "I think your aunt would like to see your penis now. Do you want to slip your panties down and expose yourself, or, would you like it more if I did it for you?"

I didn't answer her, but it wasn't because I couldn't speak. Honestly, I was meticulously considering mom's question.

This morning, when she exposed me to my sister, I took immense pleasure in the feeling of helplessness that engulfed me when she pulled those panties down my legs. It was humbling, embarrassing and humiliating, but most of all, it was enormously exciting. My sister hadn't seen me completely naked since before I had dick hair, and when mom exposed me like that, it was a heart stopping experience. I know it sounds strange, but part of the reason I was so turned on was because I felt like I couldn't stop her -- like I had no control over the situation. Honestly speaking, I didn't want to be in control -- not then, and I didn't want to be in control now, either. There was no question what I wanted at this exact minute..... I wanted her to expose me -- just like she did this morning.

"Bobby, which will it be? Would you like to expose yourself, or would you prefer that I pulled your panties down for you?" She asked me again.

"Mom," I answered, "I want you to."

"Why, sweetie? Tell me why you want me to pull your panties down?" She asked.

"Because..... because, uh,...." I mumbled.

"Don't be afraid, sweetheart." She encouraged me. "Be honest with me. Tell me why you want me to pull your panties down in front of your aunt."

The whole time this was going on, her big eyes were looking at me waiting for me to say out loud what she already knew. And every time she said that phrase, "pull your panties down" I got a little harder and the desire for her to actually do it got painfully stronger.

"Are you ashamed?" She asked. "Is that it?"

"No." I said.

"Well, are you embarrassed?" She asked.

"No." I said, shaking my head from side to side.

"No, I wouldn't think so." She said to me. "You have a magnificent cock, baby. You have no reason to ever be embarrassed about it."

I took a breath and was about to beg her to pull down my panties when she spoke again.

"Did you like the way I did it this morning?" She asked. "Did you like the way I made you stand in front of your big sister? Did you like the way she looked at you wearing her panties? Did you see the way she was staring at your cock, Bobby? And did you see the way she gasped when I pulled those cute little pink panties down your legs and your cock popped out in front of her? Come on, sweetie; are you strong enough to admit it? Did you like the way I pulled your panties down and exposed you to your sister this morning?"

"Yes, mom." I answered, trying to catch a breath. Her words alone were enough to help me remember the way I felt then, how much I loved it and how much I wanted her to do it again.

"Tell your aunt how much you liked it, Bobby." She instructed me. "You and I both know you loved it, but I want her to hear it from you. Look her in the eyes and tell her in your own words how much you loved it."

I was struggling with so many emotions at that exact moment. My mother's words struck directly in the center of my being and they were meant to make me confess my desires out loud and in my own words.

I felt flushed with shame and desire. What she did to me in the kitchen with my sister, or better said -- what I allowed her to do, was almost the pinnacle of excitement for me. It was one of the hardest things I've ever had to live through, and, undoubtedly one of the most exciting, too.

I took a deep breath and looked at Aunt Brenda. "I loved it," I said, "....everything about it. I loved the way she moved me in front of Linda; it made me feel like I was the center of attention. I loved the way she didn't give me say in the matter, she just stripped me. And, I loved the way I felt when she finally did it. When I was standing naked in front of Linda, I felt fulfilled." As my words trailed off, I turned to look at my mother, who had a knowing and kind smile on her face.

"You liked it because it made you feel powerless, Bobby." She said in a loving tone. "You liked it because you got to have your fantasy by allowing yourself to be submissive. Right?"

I nodded my head. Mom stood and kissed me tenderly on the lips. "Thank you for being honest, sweetheart. I love you for that." She said.

Mom turned to my aunt and said, "He's so much like his uncle."

My aunt agreed with her, and then turning to me Aunt Brenda asked, "Is it okay if your mom lowers your panties now so I can see you, Bobby?"

I could only nod my head up and down. As I did, my mom's hands went to the waistband of my panties and she slowly, but deliberately, pulled them down leaving me standing in front of them completely exposed. When mom pulled her hands away, I felt my face burn from blushing so intensely.

My cock sprang free and presented itself to my aunt. All the emotions from this morning flooded over me and it was a complete replay of the morning's episode in front of my eager sister. However, this time, there was no mistaking the fact that I actually asked my mother strip me.

Mom moved silently behind me, took hold of my wrists and held them to my side. My heart was about to thump out of my chest as she held my arms still, keeping me from covering myself. "Now, stand like that," she whispered, "and let her look at you all she wants. Let her see your nice, firm cock. Let her admire you, sweetheart, and while she does, I want you to think about how much you love being looked at." Then in a very light whisper, too low for my aunt to hear, she said, "You might as well get comfortable with this, sweetie. This won't be the last time you'll be on display like this."

After a minute or so, mom walked around me and sat on the bed next to my aunt. "Isn't he magnificent!" Mom said to her as she reached down to pick up the pants that were puddled around my ankles. I stepped out of them and she tossed them into the chair across from us.

Then Mom reached out and put her finger on the tip of my cock and pulled it back. Looking curiously at her finger she said, "Why, Bobby! I'm surprised you're not leaking. I can't believe it." She turned to smile at my aunt, saying, "Maybe you should check, too."

When Aunt Brenda touched me, I felt an electric charge. She wasn't as gentle as my mother or my sister had been. As she grasped my shaft, I felt her grip me tightly and a deep moan escaped my lips. I really needed to cum badly!

Aunt Brenda pumped me a few times and in short order raised a big drop of precum at the tip of my cock. "Oh, look! You did it!" My mother exclaimed. "Be careful though, Brenda. He'll spray cum all over you if you don't take it easy there."

While Aunt Brenda continued to pump me, my mother stood to my side. As she and I looked down to watch my aunt, mom told me how much she enjoyed watching my aunt handle me and how cute I looked standing there with my panties down around my knees. "It's been a while since your Aunt had a cock that young in her hands." Mom stated. "Let's let her play for a few minutes and then we'll help you cum, baby. We're not going to torture you much longer."

"He's adorable, Sherri." My aunt murmured as she fondled my cock. After a few seconds she added, "He's so long and hard, too! And, I absolutely can't get over how well he minds you -- standing there so still...." Then looking up at me she asked, "I bet you want to cum pretty bad by now, huh?"

"Yes," I said softly, "really bad."

"Oh, I bet you do. I can feel it!" My aunt replied. Then turning to my mother, Aunt Brenda said, "We'll have to watch him closely from now on, Sherri. He's exactly like his Uncle Mike, that's for sure."

My mother laughed and replied "Well, I guess we'll soon find out, wont we." They both snickered and looked at me as if they knew something I didn't know.

"We're gonna let you cum soon, sweetheart." Mom informed me. "We can't have you ejaculating all over the place during your procedures, so your aunt and I are going to help empty you out. You won't mind that, will you?" My mother asked.

"No, not at all." I answered, elated that she was finally going to let me cum.

"I didn't think you'd mind." Mom said, patting my chest and smiling.

"Come over here, Bobby." Aunt Brenda asked, motioning me over to her. With my panties pulled down to my knees, I shuffled over to her and she sat me down on the bed. Then, she reached out for my hand and looked directly into my eyes. "Here, I want you to feel something."

Aunt Brenda stepped directly in front of me and to my wonderment, guided my hand under her skirt and then held it directly against the gusset of her panties. I felt the warmth of her vagina against my hand as she held it there. Then very slowly, she pressed my hand up against her slit and I felt how moist she was.

"Your mom and I have this little game we used to play with her brother, uh, I mean your Uncle Mike." She said. "It used to get him all worked up and when we finally let him cum, he would always have the strongest cums. We thought we would play the same game with you and see if you like it as much as he did."

Mother moved behind Aunt Brenda, reached down to the hem of my aunt's skirt and lifted it up to her waist. Once her skirt was up, Aunt Brenda spread her feet apart and pressed my hand deeper into her crotch. "The idea here is that you have to make me cum before we'll make you cum. But," she warned, "we're not going to make it that easy for you. And since we don't have a lot of time to waste, you're going to have to learn to read my signals quickly. Understand?" 

No, I didn't understand. But I could see my mom was trying to coach me by slightly nodding her head up and down, so I told my aunt I understood.

"You're such a smart boy, Bobby." Aunt Brenda replied.

Aunt Brenda pulled my hand from between her legs and told me to step out of my panties. As my mother let Aunt Brenda's skirt fall back in place, my aunt reached around to her side and unzipped the skirt and let it drop to the floor. Stepping out of it and positioning herself even closer to me than she was before, Aunt Brenda spread her legs and reached for my hand again.

Placing my hand palm up into her wet crotch, she pushed on my fingers and I felt them melt into the soft white fabric of her wet panties. Continuing to work my fingers between her labia, she started talking to me.

"The kind of panty you had on is called a bikini, Bobby. The kind I'm wearing now is called a "brief'. Your uncle and I buy these because he and I wear the same size, and we share. He needs a little more coverage to hold him in, so the brief works out for us the best. These are nylon. Can you feel how soft they are, Bobby?"

She let go of my hand, so I started to pull it away. Feeling my hand leaving her crotch, she reached down and grabbed my wrist and thrust my hand back between her legs. My mom sat down to the left of me, put her right arm around my shoulder and leaned over to whisper in my ear.

"She wants you to feel her, but she doesn't want to hold your hand there herself, sweetheart. So," mom said, "just press your fingers into her and feel all around, but, don't go inside her panties yet. We'll wait until she's dying for it. I'll tell you when."

"She's easy to read," mom added, "I'll walk you through it, just do what I say."

Mom shifted around so she could be more comfortable as she whispered instructions in my ear. At the same time, her left hand went into my lap and latched onto my cock as it pointed up lewdly from between my legs.

I gasped as my mother touched me. She wasn't jacking me; rather, she was squeezing me and releasing without moving her fist up and down. It felt nice to have her hand there and I saw Aunt Brenda looking down to see what my mom was doing.

"Sweetie," my mom whispered, "using only your middle finger, feel for the slit between her pussy lips. Once you find it, start rubbing back and forth in that slit until you make a valley between her lips. That's right Bobby, just like that."

"Be careful you don't touch her clit yet," mom explained further, "she needs a few minutes of warming up before you touch her there. Just keep moving your finger the way you are now. While you're doing that, I'll tell you some helpful hints about your aunt..."

She kept whispering to me as I rubbed my aunt's pussy, pushing more and more of her yellow nylon panties up into her slit. She was saturated now, and her thick, shiny lubrication was all over my fingers. "Your aunt has the biggest clit I've ever seen, baby. When she lies down, we'll open her pussy up, and you'll see for yourself. It's probably about the thickness of my little finger and sticks out a half inch when you pull her lips apart. I'm not kidding, sweetie, it looks just like a little dick. And it's big enough to suck.... You can get your lips around it and everything. Plus, she squirts, Bobby." She said. "Not every time, but sometimes if she's been touched a lot, she'll squirt when she cums. I've actually held her lips open and watched her squirt. Your dad likes to watch her squirt - it makes him hard as hell"

My fingers had created a deep furrow between my aunt's legs and the sounds of my fingers as they worked against her saturated nylon panties sounded like waves lapping up against the shore line. Aunt Brenda was sopping wet.

"Okay, now listen to me before you do this, sweetie." Mother whispered in my ear. "In one motion, I want you to slip your finger under the crotch panel of her panties and push it right into her pussy. You don't have to be gentle, she likes it a little rough..... just push it in as far as you can. Remember, just dip your finger under her panties and then push all the way in. Believe me, she'll love that and she's wet enough. Go ahead and do it when you're ready."

I rubbed my aunt for a few more seconds, pressing my finger between her lips on each stroke, then as my mom suggested, I abruptly snaked my finger under her panties, through the folds of her pussy and then pushed my finger up into her as far as I could. Aunt Brenda let out a loud gasp and thrust herself down on my finger. Her eyes were clamped shut and she was bucking herself against my finger. "Now, reach up with your thumb and rub her clit in a circle." Mom whispered.

Aunt Brenda's bucking stopped and she ground herself down against my hand forcing my thumb into direct pressure against her clit. "Okay," mom whispered, "when she gets like this, she's close to cuming. If you want to see her squirt, you're going to have to get her on her back so you can kiss or lick her pussy. If you wait too much longer, she's going to cum while she's riding your finger."

"I have to warn you, though," she whispered softly as she started to jack me, "she told me she was going home to have a quickie with Uncle Mike after I left here this morning." Upon telling me that, she lowered her head and took my solid cock in her mouth. Aunt Brenda opened her eyes and smiled at me, never stopping her grind against my finger.

Almost as if they exchanged some type of secret, invisible signal, Aunt Brenda reached out and stroked my cheek saying, "Do you want to eat my pussy, Bobby?"

"Yes." I panted in reply. Even before I had a chance to think about what I was saying, my mouth opened and I said it. As soon as I did, my mom's head came up from my cock. Almost immediately, she stood up and pulled me up with her.

As if on cue, Aunt Brenda took my place on the bed and pulled her knees up to her chest and opened her legs. In the flash of an instant, I was looking down at the flooded gusset of her yellow nylon panties as it covered her heated vagina.

I felt my mom's hand on the back of my neck gently pushing me down. "Go ahead, baby," she coaxed, "she's waiting. You don't want her to cool down, do you?"

I gave in to her, allowing her to guide me down to the floor at the edge of the bed. Once I was down, I felt her hand on the back of my head making the decision for me, and steering me down to my aunt's panty covered pussy.

When my nose came in contact with her panties, I dived right in. I had licked my mother through her panties many times and it was something I craved, so I didn't hesitate. I buried my nose into the nylon crevice between her lips and I nuzzled down into her labia as far as her panties would let me. Instinct took over and without another thought, I started to lick, suck, kiss and nibble on her through the soft yellow nylon.

I felt my mom brush against my side as she got down on her knees next to me. "Take her panties off now, sweetie," she said as she leaned down, "don't waste time doing it, just grab the sides and pull straight up her legs. Then put your hands to the side of her pussy lips, spread her pussy open wide and suck on her clit."

Like a machine, I did exactly as she said. In a matter of seconds, I stripped her panties off, opened her vagina up and took her clit in my mouth. My gawd, her clit was massive. I held it between my lips and flicked it back and forth with my tongue. Then I closed my mouth around it and sucked it liked it was a thick, long nipple.

"That's it," mom coached, "you're getting her there, baby. Keep sucking her clit. It's almost like a little cock, sweetie. Doesn't that feel nasty, Bobby? Sucking her cock-clit after Uncle Mike came in her just a few hours ago? I bet you're sucking up some of his cum right now. It's good isn't it?"

I didn't answer. I couldn't answer! My head was spinning and I was like a mad man munching down on my aunt's pussy, sliding my lips and tongue over her clit like I guess I would do if it was a cock.

I felt my aunt buck under me and her hands went to the side of my face and she pushed me away. "Quick, Bobby," mother said, "spread her open and watch!"

I spread open Aunt Brenda's pussy and watched in amazement as she grunted and then a short, thick stream of clear liquid shot up about eight inches out of her pussy. A second later, she let go another oozing trickle of juice that pooled all over her pussy and then ran down the crack of her butt and disappeared into the bedspread. Aunt Brenda was shaking under the force of her climax and all I wanted to do was watch her cum.

My mom, though, had another agenda.

She reached over to pick up Aunt Brenda's panties. Quickly finding the gusset, she turned the inside of the panel toward me and raised it to my mouth. "Lean back," she said, "open your mouth and keep still for a minute."

Following her instructions, I sat back on my haunches and opened my mouth. When I did, she put the sopping wet crotch panel of Aunt Brenda's panties in my mouth and told me to suck. "Suck 'em clean, sweetheart," she whispered, "suck out all that sweet pussy juice and your uncle's cum. If you do a good job, it'll be your turn to cum next."

Aunt Brenda was lying there panting, but she crooked her head so she could see me sucking her panty clean. She held her legs open for me, allowing me to look right into her pussy while I sucked. "Oh, Sherri," she gasped, "he's a really good pussy licker."

"Told ya." My mother answered proudly.

After I sucked my aunt's panties for a minute or so, mom pulled them from my mouth and told me to stand up. While still on her knees, and with my aunt looking on, she held up Aunt Brenda's panties for me to see.

"The secret to doing this," she explained, "is that you don't stretch the panties before you twist them up. If the twist isn't perfect, they'll be too tight and it will hurt your penis. Watch how I do this."

I watched as my mom slowly twisted Aunt Brenda's panties until they looked like a piece of nylon rope. Holding the ends, she looped the length of the now twisted panties around my cock.

"You have to wrap these loosely," she demonstrated, "right around this ridge here at the crown of your cock. You can't let it slip down the shaft if you ever do this yourself, Bobby. For this to work right, it has to be right in this little ridge."

"Then," she said, "while keeping it in place, simply make a loose knot and tie the panties in place around your cock....... just like that..... and then knot it again to keep it in place down in that ridge."

I looked down at my cock to see Aunt Brenda's twisted panties tied around my cock, right up against my cock head. "Does it hurt?" Mom asked.

"No," I answered, "it feels snug, but it doesn't hurt."

"Bobby," Aunt Brenda said, "I've seen her do this at least a hundred times and every time she does it, it works perfectly. I, on the other hand, could never do it right."

"Oh shush, Brenda." Mom replied. "You're just jealous because I can make your husband cum harder than you can."

They both crinkled their noses at each other and laughed. "Don't mind us, sweetie," my mom said, "we kid each other all the time like that."

Pointing to the panties tied around my cock, she continued explaining. "The idea here is that the panties get loosely wrapped around your penis, and then you put a knot in them. As you get close to cuming, your penis will expand right here, and the soft panties will comfortably constrict you enough to keep anything from coming out. Now, don't worry, you'll get to have your orgasm, but your cum won't be able to escape. Well, not yet anyway" "Then," she said, "when we take the panties off you, you'll get to experience a feeling most men have never felt -- not in their whole life. We'll help you when it's time for that."

"But, right now," mom said, "we need to make you cum."

Speaking to my aunt, mom asked "Do you want 'up' or 'down'?"

"Since he's your son, I'll be nice and take down." My aunt answered.

"But, we switch at the end, okay?" My mom asked.

"Sure." Aunt Brenda said. "I guess that's only fair."

"Thanks, I owe you one." Mom replied.

That said, my aunt got on her knees in front of me. Mom stood to my right side and wrapped her hand around my pole. Aunt Brenda grabbed my waist and scooted up until she was within an inch of my cock.

"Ready?" Mom asked me.

It seemed weird to me, but just looking down at my aunt and seeing how close she was to my raging hardon, I knew it was going to be interesting. "I'm more than ready." I answered.

It was clear to me that my aunt and mom had done this together many times before. Maybe with my uncle, or perhaps my dad, but once I thought about it, they probably did it with both of them. I didn't care much -- I just wanted to cum.

The first one to move was Aunt Brenda. She leaned forward and covered my cock head with her mouth. I could feel the warmth of her lips as they wrapped around me. She flooded her mouth with warm saliva and began swishing her tongue over me and applying light suction. At the same time, my mom began to jack me, stroking me fully from the base all the way up to where the panties were tied around my cock head.

The combination of my aunt's suction and the feeling of my mother masturbating me was enough to make me want to shoot immediately. Plus, the sight of my aunt looking up at me with my cock in her mouth was a major turn-on, just by itself.

Mom's hand was masterful, speeding up and slowing down in time with my moans. Almost as if she could sense the stage of my excitement, she also increased or decreased the strength of her grip in order to vary the sensations I was getting.

"I'm proud of you, Bobby." She said while she jacked me. "You didn't even flinch when you found out Uncle Mike's sperm was inside your aunt's pussy. He can cum a lot, so I'm sure you lapped up some of his cum when you were eating her."

"And you've done so well today." She added. "First with your sister, and now with your aunt. Letting me pull your panties down and showing you off naked to both of them. I know you like to feel helpless and exposed, baby, and that's okay. We're going to have to do much more of that, sweetheart. I bet we can get your aunt to help us with that, too."

My aunt moaned, then nodded her head slightly, as if she was agreeing with my mom's statement. I was getting closer and closer to cuming, and as she jacked me, she varied her technique less and less until she was steadily jacking me at the same rate, knowing full well it would push me to the end.

"I hope you're going to let me take you shopping for lingerie soon, sweetie." She whispered in my ear. "I think I need to take you in the changing room with the sales girl and have her measure you and make you try on all kinds of bras and panties while she watches. We'll go in and out, opening the door a lot.... letting everyone outside see you standing in there naked, waiting to try something else on. You might have to masturbate in front of the sales girl and I to make your erection go down. You know, most girls have a secret desire to see a man do that...... and I bet you would cum all over, shooting everywhere, covering the floor with all your hot cum...."

It was at that point where I lost it. Between my mom's steady jacking, the things she was whispering in my ear and my aunt's sucking -- my senses became overloaded and I finally felt that build up start in my balls and the first convulsion of my cock.

"I feel it, baby." Mom said. "Don't squeeze it back, sweetheart. Just let it come now. You've been waiting all day for this, so just let it come."

"Aaaaaahhhhhh!" I moaned.

"That's it, baby." She said. "Cum for mommy now."

"Gawd, I'm cumming." I panted.

My cock convulsed and shook. It lurched against my aunt's lips, but she never let go. I felt my whole body spasm time after time and my climax over took me and gave me the relief I needed. When my cock stopped throbbing, my mom stopped jacking me and Aunt Brenda pulled away from my cock.

"Anything leak out?" My mom asked, looking down at Aunt Brenda.

"Not a drop." My aunt answered.

Aunt Brenda then got up and stood on the left side of me, rubbing my back. "Damn, Sherri, he's still hard!" My aunt observed.

"Just give him a minute," mom answered, "let's see if it works."

She was right. After I caught my breath and had a chance to recover from the awesome orgasm, my cock was starting to droop.

"You better hurry, Sherri." Aunt Brenda observed, pointing to my deflating erection.

Mom smiled and laid down on the edge of the bed. Aunt Brenda sat down next to her and once they were situated, mom waved me over to her saying, "Come over here and stand with your penis hanging over my face, baby."

I took the two or three steps to reach her and stopped with my softening dong hanging over her mouth. She reached up and carefully pinched my cock between her thumb and forefinger, right behind the head.

"Okay," she said to my aunt, "see if it will just slip off the end, would you?"

Aunt Brenda reached over and hooked her fingers behind the knot of the panties. With one flick of her finger, the panty ring popped off my soft cock and fell on my mom's chest.

"You're going to love this, sweetheart." She said. Then, smiling up at me, I watched as my mom positioned my cock directly over her opened mouth and released her fingers.

There was no way I could have been ready for what I felt. It was like I got to cum again, but the feeling was so much different. A stream of thick white cum flowed from my cock and emptied out into her mouth. As the cum poured out of me, the sensation at the very tip of my cock was mind-blowing, like nothing I have ever felt before. I literally felt every viscous drop as it passed through the tip of my penis and I shuddered as it kept flowing out of me. Trying to stand still for her, I moaned, in total awe of the pleasure focused at the end of my now limp cock. It was nothing short of fucking amazing.

When my flow stopped, she milked the last few drops of sperm from my cock and shook them down into her opened mouth. I wasn't expecting much more, but, Aunt Brenda got off the bed and told me to lie down next to my mom. Then, very slowly, mom rolled over onto her stomach next to me, leaned over me and smiled. I knew what was going to happen next.

"Open your mouth, my little man-niece." My aunt said, giggling. "Now you get to have one of the best kisses you'll ever have."

I opened my mouth, and when I did, my mom opened hers, too. A small trickle of my cum dripped into my mouth from between her slightly opened lips. Then she pressed her lips to mine and we kissed like lovers, passing the cum back and forth between us as we rolled around on the bed, first with her on top of me and then with me atop her. Our faces were covered with the remnants of my ejaculation, mixed with the mixture of mutual slobber from our mouths.

What an incredibly moving experience it was to kiss her. The closeness, love and caring I felt for her at that exact moment filled my heart and was all I longed for. "I love you." I said, once we were able to catch our breath.

"And I love you, too, sweetheart." She answered.

"Okay, you two," Aunt Brenda said, interrupting our tender moment, "let's try to get this place straightened up and get ourselves presentable so we can move to phase two."

"Phase two?" I asked.

"Well, you don't think we came all the way over here just to make you cum, do you?" Mom asked.

My aunt got off the bed and disappeared into another room for a few minutes. When she came back, she was holding two washcloths in one hand and two pairs of panties in her other hand.

"You guys are such messy kissers." Aunt Brenda said. "Here," she added, "tossing a washcloth to my mom and one to me, "wipe your faces off and I think you need to straighten your clothes." She said, pointing to my mom.

Then, my aunt sat down on the bed and pulled her feet up again, openly displaying herself. When she saw me looking at her, she dropped her hand to her mound and pushed two fingers inside her wet pussy.

"Brenda, you're absolutely evil," mom said, "all you're going to do by teasing him like that is make him hard. You know we can't let him come again."

"Oh," my aunt replied, "you're no fun!"

Aunt Brenda tossed me one of the panties she held in her hand, saying, "Put those on and tell me how you like them, Bobby."

I watched my aunt wiggle herself into the other pair of panties she was carrying as I held mine up and looked at them. They were bright red and very soft and slinky. As I bent to step into them, my mom came over and reached down to help pull them up my legs. "Silk," she said, "these are silk panties, sweetie. How nice."

I reached down to feel the silk panties. They were incredibly soft. My cock started to firm up again as I ran my hands over my butt and around to the front. My mom was watching me... standing there with her arms crossed over her chest. "They look good, sweetie," mom said, "but silk panties are expensive so take care of them, and don't forget to thank your aunt."

I turned to see Aunt Brenda stepping into her skirt and zipping it. As she adjusted the skirt on her waist, she stepped toward me and reached down to cradle my growing cock in her hand. "Do you like them?" She asked.

"I do," I answered, "I like them very much. I like the feel of the material on my skin. Thank you, Aunt Brenda."

"You're quite welcome, Bobby," she answered as she winked at me, "every girl should have at least one pair of silk panties."

Aunt Brenda reached up to kiss me on the cheek and then she hugged me. Softly whispering in my ear she added, "It's just a shame you won't have them on very long."

End of chapter 16.

Next: Bobby's visit to Aunt Brenda's 'procedure room' starts to get very, very interesting.

A Mother's Promise Ch. 17
byPro_Ball_Player©

Author's note: This is a transitional chapter to set the stage for the events that what will occur in chapter 18.

*

Aunt Brenda let go of my silk encased cock and stood. Pulling my mother several steps away from me, my aunt whispered something to my mother and then they whispered back and forth for a few minutes. Finally, mother smiled and nodded her head as she glanced over at me. "Perfect." I heard my mother say.

Aunt Brenda turned and headed toward the desk as my mother walked back to me. Reaching into my panties, mother straightened my cock and pointed it to the side, tenting my new red silk panties. The new panties my aunt gave me weren't as stretchy as the panties my sister dressed me in after my shower. Consequently, the sheer force of my erection pressing against the red silk created something of a topographical representation of my cock as it was held against my body. I could see the outline of my cock head clearly as the tight material fought to keep my pole in check.

Straightening the waistband of my new silk undies, mom started to smile. Then, fingering a wet spot that was appearing at the end of my cock, she shook her head side to side and said, "It figures."

"What?" I asked.

"Well," mom answered, "you remember how you said you thought your sister was devious for threatening to make you cum while I was out this morning?"

"Yeah, I remember." I replied.

"Your Aunt," she continued, "can sometimes be the same way, I'm afraid." Then she added, "I'm betting she gave you red panties because she knew they would show a wet spot better than any other color."

We exchanged smiles and let it go. It didn't matter to me. I mean, why would I care at this point? Both my mom and my aunt watched me cum. Why would I care about something as insignificant as a growing wet spot at the end of my cock!

So, straightening the shoulder straps of my bra, mom put her arms around me and hugged me. "Are you having fun so far?" She asked.

"Jeez, that was awesome, mom." I replied. "You seem to know more about what I want sexually than I do."

"Sweetheart," she answered, "don't forget I grew up all those years with your Uncle Mike. When he was your age, and even way before that, there was no doubt he was submissive. Your aunt and I became experts at pushing his buttons, so, I've had some practice at this. Also, sweetie.... I do listen to what you say when we talk. Maybe you don't remember some of the things you've said, but I do."

"Wanting to have no control in being stripped and exposed is your submissive side coming through." She said, hugging me. "Enjoy it and don't be afraid of it, baby, I'll be here for you." Her hug was warm and loving, and her words were reassuring. Hearing them, I knew that I was perfectly safe and she was the one in control.

"Bobby, listen to me." Mom said, as she pulled back from the hug. She put her hands to my cheeks and turned my face to look at her as she spoke in a very serious tone. "In the next few minutes, you're going to have to trust me a lot and be really brave. It's not going to be easy, but, you'll be a good boy for me, right?"

Something close to panic set in and I began to think about all the possible things that could test my bravery. I looked over toward Aunt Brenda to see her facing away from us, talking on the phone. Soon, she was done with her conversation and as she was hanging up the phone, Aunt Brenda turned to my mother and nodded her head as if she was giving my mom some kind of signal.

My heart began to pound. It felt like it was going to leap out of my chest. I snapped my head back to look at my mother, hoping to get a reassuring word from her that nothing weird was going to happen. "Settle down." Mom said. "I'll be here the whole time, sweetheart."

As soon as she finished speaking, the door to the procedure room opened and a young woman came in. She was pulling a cart behind her and as soon as the door was closed, the young woman reached over and locked it.

"Fuck!" I hissed quietly as I tried to slip unnoticed behind my mother. But, mom was ready for that because she grabbed my arm and held me close to her side facing the young woman.

"Come with me," mom whispered, "and don't you dare embarrass me."

With that, she let go of my arm, calmly took my hand and pulled me toward Aunt Brenda and the young woman. As we walked the ten paces across the room, I felt the young woman's eyes on me, undoubtedly shocked to see a young man dressed only in a bra and red silk panties. Even though my mom told me to be brave, I couldn't look up from the floor. I was blushing profusely, embarrassed and utterly humiliated that a stranger was seeing me dressed the way I was.

When we got to be a step or two away from them, my aunt gestured to the young woman and said, "Bobby, this is Erika. She works for me."

Slowly, I looked up. Erika had a friendly smile on her face, but her eyes were moving back and forth between my chest and my crotch, obviously examining the way I was dressed.

"Erika," my aunt continued, "these are the clients we spoke about earlier today. This is Bobby and his mother, Sherri." Erika extended her hand to my mother and they shook hands lightly. Turning to me, Erika extended her hand and said "Nice to meet you, Bobby."

I reached out to shake her hand. When I did, it was obvious to everyone that I was trembling. As our hands came together, I noticed how light and soft her handshake was.

"Oh, your hand feels so warm!" Erika said. "Are you feeling alright?" She asked.

"I think he's just nervous." My mom answered. "He'll be fine."

I forced a small smile and as I looked at Erika, I caught her looking at my panties with the very noticeable wet mark where the end of my cock was. When she looked up and realized I caught her staring, she gave me a dainty laugh and a wink.

Erika was a pretty girl. I judged her age to be about five years older than me. She was about the height of my mother, but she was thinner, and her breasts -- although not large - were set high on her chest. Her short blonde hair was accentuated by her deep tan and she wasn't dressed provocatively at all; just a plain skirt and a pink chiffon blouse. But, because we were so close in age, I felt extremely uncomfortable and utterly disgraced as she looked at me.

"Bobby," my aunt said, trying to get my attention, "we have a rule saying there must be two staff members present anytime we do a procedure with a naked male. That's why Erika is here. She's going to stay until the procedures are over and then she'll leave. Okay?"

I looked at my mother. When I did, both Erika and my aunt looked at mom, too. I was surprised again when mother answered for me, saying "Of course. That's fine."

Turning back to me, Aunt Brenda began to explain. "I hand picked Erika to be here today for three reasons, Bobby. First, she's one of my most trusted employees and knows when to keep quiet. Secondly, she knows these procedures almost as well as I do -- maybe better - and I know your mother wouldn't settle for anything less."

I looked at my mom. She glanced at me with a knowing smile and mouthed the words "Thank you" to my aunt.

"Lastly," my aunt said, "Erika is excited about being here and helping. Today is her day off and she's doing this on her own time, which means she's here because she wants to be here, Bobby, not because I made her be here."

Aunt Brenda paused and moved over next to me so that I was standing between her and my mother. She put her arm around my waist and leaned up to kiss my cheek. "Erika, this is my favorite nephew," Aunt Brenda said, "I want him to get extra special care here today. His mom and I talked about everything this morning, so she knows what's going to happen every step of the way. And as I explained to you earlier, she'll be helping us from time to time, anyway."

"Anyone have any questions?" My aunt asked.

I think I was in shock. Between the hospital bed, a locked door, a cart full of stuff, me standing practically naked in a room with three women and all this talk about procedures, I was literally shaking and starting to sweat. I wasn't thinking clear enough to put more than three words together, much less an entire question, so I stood there waiting for my mom to say something -- anything! But when she didn't, I just looked at her with disbelieving eyes and wishing someone would clue me in on what was going to happen.

Finally, when no one said anything, my aunt shrugged her shoulders and said, "Okay then, let's get started."

"Erika," my aunt continued, "why don't you get the cart ready and I'll get the bed ready for Bobby. Sherri," my aunt said, pointing behind us, "there's some coffee and cold drinks over there by the washroom. You and Bobby make yourself at home. And Bobby," she said looking straight at me, "you might want to see if you need to use the washroom before we begin. Your mom can explain what I mean."

As she finished speaking, Aunt Brenda turned toward the rolling bed and fidgeted with the side rails. Erika walked to the cart and pulled it toward the bed. My mother, taking her cue from my aunt, took me by the hand and led me to the washroom.

When we entered the washroom, mom closed the door behind us and I looked around. This wasn't your typical washroom at all. It had a whirlpool bath, a shower large enough for three or four people, a bank of heat lamps, two sinks and an unusually large padded counter with several straps and handles.

Pushed up against the wall, there were two matching stools, about the height of foot stools. Each one of them about a foot wide and two feet long and they were covered with the same thick padding as the counters. Each of these stools had handles and straps that matched the ones that were on the counter. There was a small tray sitting on one of the stools containing tubes of lubricants, condoms, pads, tampons and some other things I didn't recognize.

"Obviously, this place wasn't only meant for going to the bathroom." I thought

"Bobby," my mom asked, "do you have to pee, or, uh.... you know.... go number two?"

Was she crazy, I thought? I pointed down to my erection and answered "Even if I did have to pee, there's no way I could with this, Mom."

"Ah," she laughed, "I see. Well, if you have to go later, tell me and I'll bring you in here. But, don't wait 'till the last minute to say something. It might take a few minutes to get you up and out of that bed." Fuck! Now I was really starting to worry. What the hell were they going to do to me?

Opening the cabinets under the sink, mom pulled out a washcloth and a hand towel. Turning the water on, she motioned to me and said, "Take your panties all the way off, sweetie, and come lean over the counter here."

When I didn't move immediately, she turned her head in my direction and said, "Bobby, come on.... please cooperate."

Following her instructions, I pulled my new silk panties down my legs and took them off. When I looked up, my mom was urging me over to the counter, so.... with my panties in my hand, I took the few steps forward and stopped next to the counter.

"Now, bend over and rest your chest on the counter and then reach back with both hands and spread your cheeks as wide as you can for me." She asked as she turned me toward the counter and urged me down.

As my chest hit the padded counter, I reached back and opened myself up as she requested. It wasn't cold in the washroom, but I was still trembling. Looking over at her, she was holding the washcloth under the water, saturating it and squeezing a small amount of liquid soap into the washcloth. When mom was done, she stepped behind me and leaned down. "You're going to have to spread your feet further apart," she told me, "and hold yourself open more than that."

I did as she asked and this time when she leaned over, I felt the warmth of the washcloth against my bottom. She also placed her hand on my back, I guess to keep me from moving. But when her hand came to rest, she seemed surprised to feel me shaking.

"Oh, Bobby..... you're shaking! Are you cold in here?" She asked.

"Mother!" I replied. "No, I'm not cold!" I exclaimed. "Did you hear all that? Just what the hell are they going to do to me?

"I told you, Bobby." She answered calmly. "We're going to help you be more knowledgeable and comfortable with girl things. Plus, you'll get to experience some of the things you told me you were curious about." Then she giggled and added "Oh, don't let them scare you, sweetie. Your aunt and I discussed everything this morning. I promise you, no one's going to hurt you."

She washed me thoroughly -- all over my cheeks, under my balls and finally, between my cheeks. As she did, she told me how important it was for girls to keep themselves clean back there, telling me I should make sure I wiped myself completely and to use a washcloth, if necessary, to keep myself fresh. When she was sure I was completely clean, she went back to the sink and held the washcloth under the water again, rinsing it out. Seeing this, I started to rise up, but she stopped me, saying "Hold on there, we're not done yet. I still need to rinse you off and dry you."

As I settled back down into position, I tried to get over my uneasiness about what Erika and my aunt were going to do to me. I knew full well mom wasn't going to let anything 'bad' happen to me, but that did very little to satisfy my curiosity and calm my fears. "What kind of procedures were they talking about, Mom?" I asked.

"You don't need to be concerned with that right now." She said calmly as she leaned back over my bottom and began to rinse me with the wet washcloth. "You need to have some faith in me, Bobby. Besides, everything that's going to happen in there isn't that much different than many females experience by the time they're your age, or slightly older."

She was done wiping me down and reached for the hand towel to dry me off. While she was bending over me, she playfully kissed my butt cheek and said, "The best advice I can give you is this," she paused and then continued, "I think you'll do much better if you resign yourself to let them do whatever they want. Remember when we talked about being submissive, sweetheart?" She asked. "Remember how I told you that true submission is really a position of strength and trust?"

Moving to my side, she leaned down on the counter right next to me so I could see her face. With a serious look in her eyes she said, "Okay, I'm going to explain it very clearly, sweetheart. Now, pay close attention to what I'm going to say." She said.

"Do you remember telling me you were interested in learning about submission and how you thought you wanted to be sexually submissive to me?" She asked.

"Sure, I remember." I answered. "I meant it, too."

"Oh, I definitely believe you meant it, sweetie. And just for the record, last night I told your father I believed it, too."

She paused for a moment to let me think about what she just said, and then she continued. "I can't tell you how flattered and proud I was when you said that to me. I've thought about it and I discussed it with your father, Bobby.... and I'll agree to let you be my submissive under specific conditions we can talk about later with your dad." She said.

"But," she continued, "I want you to be clear about this," she said with a serious look on her face, "I'm not agreeing because I have some great need to dominate you, sweetheart. I'll do it because you want me to, and because I love you, and because I think you are a natural submissive. Plus, if I don't do it for you, you'll probably go out and find someone else who will. And they might not love you as much as I do and they might use, or potentially abuse you without making sure your needs are met. That would break my heart, baby."

"So," she added, "if you're serious.... and I mean if you're really serious, and you really want to be my submissive, then now is your chance to prove it. I want you to go out there and submit to them simply because I asked you to. By doing that, you'll learn a lot about giving up control."

Looking at me with caring eyes, she smiled and said, "Bobby, don't try to figure out what's going to happen out there -- that doesn't show you trust me. I'll be here to watch over you and that's all you really need to know. This is where the trust comes in, sweetheart."

"Understand now?" She asked.

"Well, mom, why didn't you say that to me in the beginning?" I asked.

"Because you wouldn't have understood it then." She answered. "Something dramatic had to happen to force you to face your fear and shame about being submissive before you could really understand how deep this trust thing is, Bobby. That happened today with Erika and your Aunt. Remember how just a few minutes ago you were trembling and shaking -- asking all those questions about what they were going to do?"

"Try looking at it this way," she said, "two hours ago you thought being submissive was defined as me taking you with a strap-on, or, letting me stick sperm filled panties in your mouth because you liked it when we did those things. But it's not, baby. Sure, those things turned you on -- and they turned me on, too! But those things alone are not going to make you happy as a submissive. It's much, much, deeper than that." She answered.

"I think I understand what you're saying." I replied. "I think I get it now."

"We'll talk about this more on the drive home, okay?" She said. "That is, provided you survive all the procedures!" Laughing she smiled and patted my back, saying, "We'll talk more later, sweetheart, and we'll need to run everything by your dad, too."

She stood up and went back to drying me. When she finished, she pinched by butt jokingly and told me I could get up. Throwing the washcloth and hand towel into a pail next to the counter, she looked up at me and smiled. "You know," mom said, "I'm gonna have to watch that Erika girl..... she is kinda cute. And I've been watching the way she looks at you. She's dying to see your cock, I can tell."

Then without warning, she fell to her knees, held my cock with both hands and began to suck it. To say I was surprised would be an understatement. And, she wasn't sucking slowly and lovingly, either. She was gulping my hard cock down her mouth, practically manhandling me. She sucked me like she did in my sister's bedroom that day -- with purpose.

Pulling her head away for a moment, she said, "Gotta get this wonderful cock nice and clean, too." Then, she went right back to work, sucking me deeply, licking and slobbering all over the length of my shaft and around the head. The warmth of her mouth felt fantastic on my organ and I began to think she might let me cum in her mouth. But after a minute, she stopped.

"There!" She said. "All clean now. Let's get your panties on so we can get you started."

She was teasing me again. I was starting to see another side to my mom these days. She had a playful side that took great pleasure in taunting and teasing me right to the crest of explosion. She knew the right thing to say, or do, to keep me wondering, and half way between being terrified and satisfied. In the end, there was always a purpose behind everything she said or did. Be it a lesson to be taught or some pleasure she wanted me to feel. With her, nothing was left to chance.

Reaching out for my new silk panties, mom bent down and held them open for me to step into. Steadying myself with one hand on her shoulder, I lifted one foot, and then the other as she pulled them up and settled the panties on my hips. Rising up, she reached inside the red panties and straightened my cock, holding it up against my belly and then adjusting the panties until she was satisfied. She laughed to herself, and when I looked down, I could see why. My cockhead, still wet from her sucking, was sticking out above the waistband of the panties. "It's too big to fit down inside now, baby. We might as well just let it poke out. Besides," she added, with a sly grin, "you won't have these on much longer, anyway."

There was a large mirror on the wall of the washroom and I turned to look at myself. Mom moved to the side of me and as we looked together, I tried to imagine what my Aunt Brenda and Erika will think when they see my cock poking out like this. Secretly, I liked the idea very much, but, my face flushed beet red at what I saw in the mirror. Here I was with my mother, almost nineteen years old, wearing my sister's training bra and very feminine red silk panties. My purple cock head was sticking out in plain view, completely visible for everyone to see. I felt deliciously obscene, even nasty, yet incredibly good.

"Bobby," my mother whispered - trying to break me out of my trance - "it's time. I'm sure they're waiting for us by now."

As I looked at myself for one last second in the mirror, hundreds of thoughts and memories all came together in a single point of time and something clicked inside my brain to form a crystal clear picture of what was going on. This bizarre set of unbelievable events was orchestrated completely for my pleasure. In fact, I suddenly recognized that every event from this day had been meant to fulfill my own fantasies.

All these things mom did, including the things she said and the way she teased me and gently humiliated me - all those ideas came from me! I reflected back to where I told her I wanted to be stripped and exposed to my sister and to others. I told her how I wanted to be embarrassed and humiliated. I most definitely told her I wanted to be submissive. I told her so many intimate and personal things, and being the loving mother she is, she was making it all happen for me -- just the way I told her.

It only took an instant for everything to become obvious, and regardless of the path that brought me to this exact point, I was here because I asked my mother to bring me here.

I was suddenly overcome with emotion. I felt like my throat was swelling up as I turned to her. "Thank you for doing all this for me." I said, looking deeply into her eyes, seeing her tenderness and boundless love she had for me. "Mom, I love you. I can't believe you've gone to all this effort just for me."

Her eyes got teary and she hugged me to her. "Oh! I love you too, baby."

I took a step ahead of her toward the door. "Bobby, uh, hold on a minute." She said.

When I turned back to her, she was looking up at me and franticly trying to get her slacks undone. "I can't believe I'm doing this!" She said.

I watched in wonder as she pushed her slacks down enough to shove a hand down into her panties. She reached out to me and when I stepped closer to her, her free hand went directly to my cock as it poked out of my panties.

"I'm sorry, baby. I can't wait anymore. I've been looking at your dick all day.... and I know what's going to happen to you out there..... and it's making me so hot! Just give me a minute..... I only need a minute.... to cum." She begged.

The sloppy, squishy sounds of her fingers moving in and out of her lubricious pussy were echoing against the walls of the washroom. Her eyes were half closed and her head was thrown back and every few seconds, she opened her eyes to look at me.

Glancing up at my face, she pointed to one of the thick, padded stools against the wall and asked me to pull one of them over. "Now, sit," she instructed, once I had the stool where she wanted it, "this won't take long."

As I set on the stool, she pushed her slacks and panties down to the floor and stepped out of them. She turned me so I straddled the stool and then she stepped in front of me and reached down to free my cock, tucking my red panties down under my balls. Then, placing one hand on my shoulder to steady herself, she moved closer until her chest was right in my face. "Just be still for a minute, Bobby." She instructed.

Curiously, I watched as she reached down to her pussy. With her left hand, she guided my cock to her drooling pussy lips and began rubbing my cock along the length of her slit. At the same time, she resumed masturbating herself with her right hand.

Looking up, I saw her staring down at me. "I just need to cum," she said, "you can understand that, right?" "Of course." I replied.

I have to admit, my first thought was to reach up to grab her hips and pull her down onto my cock. It would be simple to do and I could do it so fast she wouldn't be able to stop me. In a matter of seconds, I could have her impaled on my rod and finally be deep inside the pussy I desperately lusted for.

"Oh, Bobby...." She moaned. "You don't know how hard it is to resist sitting down on you and taking your beautiful cock all the way inside me. Do you have any idea how bad I want to be your first lover? Do you know how much I want you to make love to me so I can feel my baby's hot sperm squirting inside me? I'm sorry for saying all of this to you, especially right now, but I can't pretend anymore."

She was panting and steering my pole up and down her slit. I could feel it when she paused, holding my cock at the entrance of her pussy, and each time she did, I waiting for her to say "Fuck it" and sit down on me.

But, despite my dreams and desire to feel her warm pussy cover my cock, I remained a good boy and didn't do anything to interrupt her. Instead, I reached up and cupped both her breasts in my hands and gently felt around for her nipples as she brought herself closer and closer to her orgasm.

"Oh, baby...... I'm so close to cumming . . . Hold me, baby.... I'm gonna cum!" She panted.

She started to grunt and press her chest into me. She leaned down, burying her face into the crook of my neck to stifle her moans and as I held her, mother shuddered and then finally gasped as she went limp. I prayed for her knees to weaken - forcing her to sink down - allowing my cock to find its way through the soft, wet folds of her labia, but it didn't happen. She simply stepped back and stood there with her eyes closed until her breathing returned to normal. After a minute, she stepped forward again and sat on my legs, scooting up to where my hard cock was pushing against her stomach. Quietly, we hugged and kissed and I was filled with feelings of satisfaction and a longing to hold her as long as she would let me.

Finally, she leaned away from me and held her right hand up to my face. Closing my eyes and sniffing in my mother's feminine aroma, a deep feeling of love and contentment flooded over me. Softly, almost like she was too weak to talk after her orgasm, she asked, "This is going to sound stupid, but..... will you promise me you won't fuck your aunt or that Erika girl today? Please?"

"Where did all of this come from?" I wondered.

I could almost make a case that the whole reason for coming here was to let Aunt Brenda take my virginity. I could understand why she didn't want me to fuck Erika -- I mean, she was kind of a stranger to us. But, Aunt Brenda was family. Mom let her suck my cock a few minutes ago and I just sucked her pussy out. What would be so bad about fucking my aunt?

But, her words seemed urgent and I detected that she was almost on the verge of crying when she asked me. "I'm not kidding, Bobby." She added. "It would hurt me if you fucked one of them."

So, why would it hurt her? We both knew mom and I could never make love together. Was she just jealous of my aunt or Erika?

"Oh, wait a minute!" I thought. "Of course! She's going to let me fuck my sister, Linda!"

She told me in the car she and dad decided it was okay if my sister and I had sex together. Mom wants me to hold off today so my sister can take my virginity! My mind started to race with all the different possibilities. Mom told me herself that dad was going to have "the talk" with my sister this afternoon, right? He's probably going to start setting it up for me. "Holy Fucking Shit!" I thought.

That has to be it! That's got to be the surprise mom promised me.... she said I would get it later... I bet dad is home right now telling Linda all about it. Maybe he's got his cock shoved down her throat at this very second getting her all warmed up for me. Damn, it doesn't get any better than this!

"Bobby? Promise me you won't let them trick you into fucking them!" I snapped out of my wishful trace to hear her ask me again.

"Mom, you don't need to worry about it.... I promise." I answered. "Actually, just so you know.... my plan is to wait until you get so horny you can't stand it - like a few minutes ago, and then the next time you tell me how bad you want my cock, I'm just going to bend you over and slip it in from behind."

She laughed, thinking I was making a joke. Well, maybe it was a joke to her, but little did she know I was dead serious. If I ever hear her say those things again, that's exactly what I'm going to do and I'll deal with the consequences later.

Having answered her, I was about to put her sweet, juicy fingers in my mouth when she stopped me. "Hold on a second, baby." She said.

She held her fingers under my nose and wiped her thick female juices on my upper lip and right under my nostrils. "I want you to remember your promise out there," she whispered, "and if you start thinking about pussy, I want it to be mine you're thinking about." Then she slowly pushed her fingers into my mouth and I sucked every bit of her divine juices from them.

When I finished cleaning her fingers, she turned and picked up her panties and slacks from the floor and started dressing. "Maybe I'll keep these off for now," she said, holding up her panties and giving me a sly giggle, "we just might find a use for them soon."

Mom turned and stood in front of the mirror as she adjusted her blouse and tucked it into her slacks. Then she used a tissue to dab around her eyes and lastly, fidgeted with her hair for a few seconds. "Okay," she said, smiling "Now I'm ready."

"I'm ready, too" I said, "Promise you'll stay with me the whole time?" I asked.

Turning me to the door she answered, "You know I will." Then she stopped, and bent down to pull my panties back into place. The only problem was that they were almost soaked with her pussy juice from when she was using my cock to masturbate herself. The red silk material in the front looked saturated, too, and with the obvious smell, it was painfully evident what we had been up to.

"Oh, well" she said, "maybe they'll just think they got wet from the sink." She observed, straightening my panties and arranging my cock head to poke out the top again.

"I know!" She exclaimed. Then, kneeling down and taking my cock head in her mouth, she licked and slobbered all over my cock head. "There." She said laughing as she lifted back up, leaving my cock head dripping wet with her saliva. "Now they shouldn't have any questions why we were in here so long."

I took a deep breath as she took my hand and walked me to the door of the washroom. She raised her eyebrows as she looked at me. I replied by doing the same as I reached out and turned the knob and opened the door. Together, we walked hand in hand out of the washroom and out into the procedure room.

Aunt Brenda and Erika were standing together, giggling and talking back and forth. When they saw us, they stopped giggling and Erika moved over to her cart, which was now set up over by the rolling bed. While mom and I were in the washroom, Erika had apparently opened the sides of the cart to make it longer and removed some trays and packages from the drawers and arranged them on top of the cart.

The rolling bed had been transformed, too. The rails that were on the sides of the bed had been dropped and the bed had been lowered. Most noticeable of all, though, were these wings, or maybe braces, attached to the side of the bed. Aunt Brenda stood next to it, smiling, as we took our final steps in front of them.

"Hmm," my aunt observed, looking directly at my wet panties and shiny cock head, "It looks like your penis is all wet, Bobby."

"Sherri!" Aunt Brenda exclaimed. "Were you performing fellatio on this young man in the bathroom?" My aunt started to laugh and then added, "And you didn't even share?"

Everyone smiled and laughed. "Okay, from now on," Aunt Brenda warned, "there's to be no more cock sucking unless I get to go first. Understand?" We all laughed again and mom blushed a little and nodded her head.

"Erika, why don't you begin." My aunt said once all the laughter died down.

I looked at Erika and she was trying her best to choke back a smile as she stared at my wet silk panties and my cock covered with mom's saliva. "What do you want him to do?" My mother asked.

"First," Erika said, "I think it's a good idea to show you what we have in the cart so you're not preoccupied with what's in here. Come over here and let me show you."

Both mother and I walked over to the cart and stood next to Erika as she began to explain. Holding up a bottle of lubricant, she said, "Bobby, this is normal, everyday personal lubricant -- the kind you can buy in the store. Many women use it when they have sex or just to keep them moist." Then she picked up a syringe and turned to look at me. "Now, don't get worried about this," she explained, holding it up for me to see, "there's no needle on it. I'm just going to fill this with that lubricant and then we're going to squirt it up inside you. You know, right up in your cute little butt. The lube will help you stay comfortable and relaxed throughout some of the procedures. It's not going to hurt and we'll get your mom to help us. If anything," she said with a smile, "you'll probably like this part a lot."

I looked at my mom and her eyes got wide and she smiled. Seeing that, Erika smiled, too and so did I.

One of the drawers of the cart was opened an inch or two and I could barely make out what I thought was a selection of plastic cocks. They were laid out on a towel side by side, with the smallest one on the left and increasing in size to the right. Erika saw me eyeing the drawer and cleverly bumped it close with her hip and gave me a slight smile, saying, "No fair peeking, Bobby."

"Let's go over here, now." Erika said, gesturing to the bed where my aunt was just finishing. "This is where you're going to be most of the time." Mom took my hand and pulled me over with her and we stood across the bed from Aunt Brenda as she told me all about it.

Aunt Brenda fluffed the pillow that was at the head of the bed as she started to speak. "This bed is almost exactly like a bed you would probably find in a hospital maternity ward, Bobby." She began. "These stirrups," she continued, "will hold your legs up and out of the way for us. They're nicely padded and you'll be perfectly comfortable."

I looked at my mom and I could see her face was flushed. I'm not sure I heard anything my aunt said past the point where she told me the stirrups would hold my legs up and out of the way. But, apparently my mom was paying attention better than I was, or she knew something I didn't know.

"Once you're on the bed," Aunt Brenda continued, "we're going to ask you to move down as far as you can and then we'll help you put your legs in the stirrups." My cock throbbed and my heart started to thump again. Not from fear, but from the vision I got of myself laying there with all my parts exposed as these ladies did things to me.

Aunt Brenda looked at me. "Bobby," she said, "your mom is going to be right here next to you the whole time. If you get uncomfortable or need anything, just ask one of us and we'll do whatever we need to do for you, but, once you're in the bed, you have to stay here until we let you up. Okay?"

I looked at my mom and didn't say a word. After a second, mom squeezed my hand and told Aunt Brenda we understood and it was fine. I think mom was proud of me for allowing her to answer and truthfully, I felt completely comfortable letting her speak for me.

My aunt looked at Erika, then my mom, and lastly at me. "Anybody have any questions?" She asked. I could see her glancing back and forth, looking at Erika, my mother and then me again.

In spite of my previous fears and anxieties, all the questions I had were completely gone. Deep inside me, I knew with complete certainty I had nothing to fear. I also knew that if mom set this up, it was going to be wonderful. And hearing that mom was going to stay by my side the whole time, well.... that told me everything I needed to know.

"If not," Aunt Brenda said, "I think we're finally ready."

"Do you want him naked?" Mom inquired.

"He'll have to lose the panties," Erika said, pointing to the red silkies my aunt gave me earlier, "but, he can keep the bra on if he wants to.... it's totally up to him."

"Well?" Mom asked. "Do you want to keep your bra on, or take it off, sweetheart?"

Both Erika and Aunt Brenda stood quietly and waited for my answer. "Whatever you think is best," I answered, "I'll do whatever you tell me to do."

"Hmm," she replied, "I know how much you enjoy wearing the bra, sweetie, but I think for now its best if you're completely naked for us." My cock lurched when she used those words "completely naked for us."

Erika and my aunt agreed. Aunt Brenda then looked at my mom and asked, "Sherri, is it okay if we undress him?" Then to my surprise, my mom let go of my hand and took a step back. Aunt Brenda held out her hand to me as she circled the bed to where I was standing and Erika joined her. "Is it okay if we take off your bra and panties?" Aunt Brenda asked.

I glanced over to my mom, and she smiled. "Yes," mom said, "I think I'd like to see that."

"Sherri," my aunt asked, "can we play with him a little, too?"

"I think that will be okay." Mom said. Then turning to stand in front of me, she added, "Sweetie, you be good and do what they say now, understand?"

"I understand, mom," I replied, "they can do anything they want to me as long as you're here."

"Anything?" Erika asked. "Yes," mom answered, "just don't make him cum. He has to earn that." As I stood between them, Aunt Brenda and Erika began to run their hands all over my body. Before long, Erika's hands were feeling their way over my wet panties, feeling my bulge and rubbing the knob of my wet cock as it poked out the top of my panties. Erika's hand became wet as she felt me and when she moved her hand to her nose to sniff the wetness, a small grin appeared on her face and she gave me a knowing look to tell me she knew my panties were saturated with my mother's pussy juice.

My aunt on the other hand, was running her hands over my ass, feeling the firmness of my cheeks and lightly squeezing me. "Remember, you said we could do anything, Bobby." My aunt whispered in my ear.

Aunt Brenda reached over to the cart and picked up the lube and squeezed a generous amount onto her fingers. At the same time, Erika got down on her knees in front of me and started kissing the head of my cock. I felt my aunt's hands reach down inside the back of my panties and go right between my cheeks to my bottom hole.

"Aahh," I moaned as her finger found my hole and began to play with it - tapping it and slathering it with the lube.

"Pull his panties down," my aunt said to Erika, "let's show this girl what it feels like to be groped."

Erika didn't waste any time. As soon as the words were out of my Aunt's mouth, she reached up and pulled my panties all the way down, leaving them at my feet, baring my ass to my aunt's probing fingers and freeing my cock to whatever Erika wanted to do to it. My mother moved between them and reached down to take the panties as I stepped out of them.

"Tell me, Bobby," my aunt asked, "do you want us to refer to you as a girl, or a boy while you're here today?"

I didn't know how to answer. Surely I was a boy, but I was dressed like a girl. I remembered how I felt that day my mother fucked me with the strap-on, and that day I felt like a girl as she was sliding in and out of my bottom. Before I could answer, though, my aunt peeked around in front of my face and said, "I know one thing for sure..... you're going to feel like a girl when we're done."


Holding my panties in her hand, my mom stood there, riveted to the scene unfolding in front of her, watching as my aunt and Erika took liberties with me. Her other hand was pressing into the inseam of her slacks and her face was red -- it was clear to me that mom was getting off watching Erika and Aunt Brenda have their way with me.

Almost as if they coordinated their attack, Erika's mouth latched on to my cock at the same time my aunt's finger invaded my bottom. "Spread your legs, sweetheart." My mom instructed, "open yourself up so your aunt can get into you easier." I almost fell over as I shuffled my feet apart, but as my aunt's finger went into my ass deeper, her other hand pressed against my chest and held me steady.

Mom moved up next to me and kissed my lips. "Just stand still and let them touch you, Bobby. But, don't let yourself cum."

My focus switched to Erika and the way she was sucking my cock. I had no clue what she was doing, but, it felt awesome. She used a combination of her hands and her mouth -- licking me, jacking me and sucking me. It was a completely different feeling than when mom sucked my cock. With mom, it was more loving and gentle. But with Erika, it was nothing but cock oriented sensations and I believe her only goal was to try to make me cum. She alternated with long, wet licks, then taking me all the way into her throat and almost swallowing it. The warmth of her mouth as it closed down around me was breathtaking. When I thought I was starting to get close, she sensed it and reached down to pinch the base of my cock until the feeling went away and then she went right back to work.

At the same time, my aunt's finger was embedded inside my rectum. She kept telling me to relax my muscles and when I did, she pushed deeper and deeper until she hit that special spot deep inside my ass.

All the attention I was getting was unreal, and these two definitely knew how to bring someone right to the brink and then back off. I closed my eyes and let my head drift back, just enjoying what they were doing. I decided there was no reason for me to even worry about cumming, because if I did, it was their fault, not mine.

"Bobby!" My aunt said, trying to get my attention. "Quit clenching down on my finger! Relax and open yourself up. Push back a little on me. How do you expect to be able to take anything bigger than my finger if you keep fighting me like this?"

I opened my eyes when I heard her last few words. Was that one of the procedures they were going to do? Put something else in my butt? If that wasn't enough to start me thinking again, my mom was now on her knees next to Erika, watching her intently as she sucked my cock. When Erika saw me looking down at her, she pulled away from my cock and bent it over to my mom and without any pause, my mother took my cock in her mouth and began to suck me while Erika held it for her.

"You like that, Bobby?" Erika asked. "I bet you like it when your mommy sucks your cock. I bet she'll teach you to suck one, too. All girls need to know how to suck a cock, you know." I about died when she said that and I started to wonder if mom really did tell Aunt Brenda 'everything'.

The sight before me was incredible. This beautiful young woman was holding my straining cock so my mom could suck it. Lick after lick - suck after suck, Erika held my cock like a lollypop as she switched back and forth between looking at me and watching my mother enjoy herself. After a few minutes, Erika pulled it back and resumed sucking me herself.

"You're leaking a lot, sweetheart. I love that taste so, so much." Mom said to me. "Doesn't he taste good, Erika?"

Erika pulled me out of her mouth and jacked me for several seconds. Then she squeezed my cock, milking it from bottom to top. When her milking produced a big drop of precum at the tip, she rubbed my cock all around her mouth, spreading my precum across her lips like it was lipstick.

Taking me deep into her mouth again, Erika reached over and took my mother's hand and put it on my shaft. Immediately, mom got the idea and held it still so the young woman could suck me. There was a bit of apprehension in my mind as I watched this, especially after my mother made me promise - almost begging me not fuck her. So, why was she holding my cock for Erika to suck?

"Isn't that cute?" Aunt Brenda whispered to me, peering around my shoulder looking down at my mom holding my throbbing cock for Erika to suck. "You must like it, Bobby, because I can feel it your ass.... I can tell you're close to cumming."

"But," my aunt continued, "I don't think your mother would be very happy with you if you emptied your balls down Erika's throat, do you? I think we better put an end to this and get you up into that bed. We have so many fun things in mind for you today."

End of chapter 17. 



A Mother's Promise Ch. 18
byPro_Ball_Player©

Authors Note: For those of you that are following this story, I think you know what to expect by now. For the others, this story series contains inter-family scenes and very non-traditional sexual activity. Hey, no one is holding a gun to your head to read this, so if you don't like it, please just move on to something else.

This chapter picks up immediately at the end of chapter 17 with Mom, Bobby, Aunt Brenda and Erika in the procedure room.

Lastly, I want to thank my friend, Jack, for being my sounding board and previewing chapters. Also, others have provided ideas and helped me develop story details, such as the bed you will read about in this chapter. I appreciate all the help and all your emails and comments.

****************

After tormenting me for another minute, Aunt Brenda withdrew her finger from my bottom and tapped my mother on the shoulder, saying, "We need to get him on the bed, Sherri."

Erika pulled her mouth off my cock and looked at my mom. "Yum yum," Erika remarked, "I see what you mean. He does taste good! Does he leak like this all the time?" Erika asked.

"As far as I can tell he does." Mother answered, and then added, "Let's quit teasing him and get him into the bed before he enjoys himself too much."

Mom and Erika laughed between themselves for a moment, and then Erika tugged on my cock a few more times before they both stood up. My aunt, still standing behind me, reached up to unclasp the bra I was wearing and as soon as it was loose, Erika reached up and pulled the straps off my shoulders and lifted the bra away from my chest.

My thoughts drifted back to what my mom said before we left the house about having to get used to wearing a bra, and she was right. Once I got in the car and we got on our way, the unusual feeling of the cotton bra strapped around me went away and until just this second, I completely forgot about it.

Now that I was completely naked, a sudden rush of embarrassment and excitement flooded over me. In a matter of a few minutes, they had stripped my panties off and removed my bra. I was now stark naked, standing in front of three women sporting a leaking hard-on. I felt the now familiar tingle of a red flush spread over me, and noticing it, Erika reached out to touch both my boy nipples with her hands, pinching them lightly.

"Oh," Erika exclaimed, "his nipples are hard!"

My aunt, still standing behind me, reached around and felt for herself, placing her hands over my breasts and squeezing a handful of my boy-boobs. Then using her thumb and first finger, she clamped down on both my pebble size nipples at the same time, causing me to jump with surprise. "This is what you have to look forward to as a girl," my aunt whispered in my ear, "being pawed and pinched." Then, she let go of my nipples and reached around my waist with her left hand to grasp my cock, stroking it gently while she massaged one of my nipples. "But," she added, "I bet that feels good. Doesn't it?"

They were all waiting for my answer, looking at me with curious stares. I had to admit, the momentary pinch she applied to my nipples startled me for an instant, and they were now super sensitive. But, her gentle massaging felt damn good. And when you add in the way she was stroking my cock, I had to agree, it did feel good, and I told them so.

Smiling and reaching her hand out to take my cock away from Aunt Brenda, mother took hold of my member. "You'll learn to like having your nipples touched, sweetheart. Believe me," my mother went on, "when it's done right, you'll feel it right down here." She said as she squeezed my rigid cock.

"Come on," mom said, "it's time for you to get up on the bed, sweetheart."

Mother pulled me by my cock over to the side of the bed as Erika and Aunt Brenda followed. Standing there and looking down, I could see a sticker that said 'Labor and Delivery Birthing Bed'. I looked at my mom and asked "A birthing bed?"

Aunt Brenda stepped up next to me and told me they used a birthing bed because it provided easy access to where they had to work and the stirrups would hold my legs out of the way comfortably. "You're going to be in that position for a while, Bobby. Really, it's for the best."

As she held my cock with one hand, mother patted me on the back and said "Up you go, sweetie." With that, she pushed me against the birthing bed and as I stepped up and got on, Erika, my mom and Aunt Brenda maneuvered me into center of the bed. The whole time, mom never let go of my cock, and when I was finally settled, mom ended up standing right next to me with her hand still holding my pole.

"I need you to scoot down, Bobby." Erika asked. "Use these handles on the side to help you scoot your butt down toward the end of the bed. We'll help you get your legs into the leg supports, but we need you to scoot down first."

I did as Erika asked, grasping the side handles labeled 'Labor Grips', and she and my aunt helped me scoot my bottom down to where they wanted it. Then, lifting my legs one at a time, they placed them in the leg supports. "Wiggle yourself around to get comfortable," my aunt suggested, "then we can put the straps on the stirrups and you'll be able to relax."

I took a minute to wiggle down into the thick bed cushion until I was completely satisfied. As I did, I realized that my bottom was almost hanging off the end of the bed and my entire body was being supported by the leg supports as I laid there on my back. It was comfortable, though. In fact, it was very comfortable. The leg supports were thick and padded and as soon as I relaxed back onto the pillow, my mom asked me if I was "Comfy."

When I told her I was, Aunt Brenda and Erika moved to the leg supports and swung them out, opening my legs up much wider. Then, as I watched, they wrapped velcro straps around my legs. "These are just to help keep your legs stabilized." Erika said as she secured my left leg. "We won't make them too tight." Aunt Brenda added.

As they secured the straps on me, mom casually tilted my cock toward the ceiling and started to jack me - slow at first, and then a little faster as my aunt and Erika watched. When a drop of precum appeared at the top of my cock, mother stopped stroking me and held my cock so all of them could see it. All three women looked back and forth between themselves until Erika finally said "Well, are we just going to let it sit there?"

"Okay, you two," my aunt said, referring to my mom and Erika, "I know what you're thinking and if I remember correctly, it's my turn now." And with that, my aunt sidestepped next to my mom, bent down, took my cock head into her mouth and gave me a healthy suck. My mom, in turn, began to milk me - forcing as much precum up into my aunt's mouth as she could until she said, "I think that's enough, Brenda."

Smiling, my aunt lifted up from my cock and licked her lips. "He is quite tasty," my aunt agreed, "and very thick, too." The three of them giggled amongst them selves as my mom's grip loosened while she held my now throbbing cock.

"Bobby," my aunt said, "until we're done, one of us will be standing next to you, holding your penis like your mom is now. That way, we can keep you from masturbating and control how much stimulation you get. All you have to do from here on out is lie there and be still. And unless you have any questions, I think we're ready to get started."

This time, I think they finally meant it. They'd said several times it was time start, but they never seemed to do anything but touch me or handle my cock. But, when Erika turned to the cart and picked up the tube of lubricant, I knew they were serious now.

"Sherri, I think you should be the one to do this." Erika said, holding up the lube.

"I'll take that." My aunt said, reaching for my cock.

Then, as my aunt's hand came in contact with my hard-on, my mom let go and leaned down to kiss me. "I'll be gentle," mom whispered to me, "don't worry, baby."

I watched my mom as she joined Erika at the end of the bed. They both smiled as they looked down at my exposed condition. "Oh my!" My mom exclaimed, seeing the way I was splayed out before them. "Now I see why you suggested we use the bed, Brenda."

Erika gave the lubricant to my mother and told her to lube my bottom up, and to use as much as necessary to get the job done. "We have plenty of lube, Sherri." Erika added. "The idea here is to use your finger at first. Get him lubed, relaxed and open so we can insert the syringe into his cute little butt and squirt some more up into him beyond where your finger can reach."

My mom smiled as she squirted some of the clear slippery liquid onto her fingertip and applied it to my bottom hole. Erika coached her as she applied some around her target and then pushed her fingertip into me. As her finger went in, my cock lurched in my aunt's hand causing Aunt Brenda to grin. "Another reason we're going to hold your cock is so we can tell if you're getting close to cumming, Bobby." My aunt explained. "It's way too early to let you cum again, you know. We'll save that for later."

I closed my eyes as my mom's finger started to move in and out of my bottom, transferring more and more lube into me until I heard Erika say, "Try two fingers now." I opened my eyes to see all three of them looking at my mom's finger as it glided into my bottom. "Don't worry," my mom said holding up the two fingers she was about to push into me, "these are a lot smaller than the strap-on I used on you the other day."

Her words pierced right through me and I instantly blushed deep red with embarrassment. "Oh, Bobby," my aunt offered, "we've all had either a strap-on or a real cock up our butts, so there's nothing to be embarrassed about. Your mom told me how much you loved it, and besides," she added, "as a girl, you're going to have to get used to some action back there."

Under Erika's watchful eyes, my mom applied more and more lube to my bottom as she worked her two fingers into me, little by little. She didn't hurt me, but it was uncomfortable and Erika saw my discomfort and stopped my mom. "Let me take a quick feel, Sherri," she said, applying some lube to her fingers. Then with my mother watching, the second person ever to put their finger in my ass proceeded to finger me.

"Bobby, you're pushing against me." Erika said. "You have to loosen your butt up," she added, "try concentrating on the feeling down here and gradually let your muscles go." Mother looked up at me and said "Try it, baby. Bear down a little and then just let your muscles relax."

While the three of them watched Erika's finger doing circles inside my butt, I closed my eyes and concentrated on letting myself loosen. "That's it," Erika said, "but even more."

Erika's finger was moving effortlessly now, and I could barely feel any friction as her finger slipped in and out of me rapidly, accompanied by a wet slapping sound. My aunt was jacking me at a leisurely pace, and as I settled back into the pillow and let go of the grips on the side of the labor bed, I made a conscious effort to relax every muscle in my body and just enjoy what the three of them were doing.

Soon, Erika had two fingers in me, all the time adding more lube to make it easy for her to push in and pull her fingers out. "Here, Sherri," Erika said, "take over while I get the syringe ready." I kept my eyes closed as my mother's tender fingers took Erika's place and with almost no pause, mom's two fingers were inside me. "Oh, sweetheart, that's much better," mom said, praising me, "just keep concentrating and let yourself open up as much as you can. Don't worry about anything else, just concentrate on the feeling and allow yourself to accept the feeling and open up to it."

I opened my eyes enough to see Erika filling the syringe with the liquid lube. When she was done, she returned to her spot between my legs, watching my mother fucking me with her two fingers. To say it felt heavenly would be an understatement. The sound, itself, was intoxicating. The 'squish – squish' I heard was coming in rapid iterations, and it felt magnificent.

I watched as Erika and my mother, side by side, negotiated the syringe into my ass. It was one quick movement – first my mother withdrew her fingers and at the exact same time, Erika was there to push the syringe in. And once it was in, I felt a little pressure as she drove the plunger home and emptied the liquid lube deep into my bottom.

Erika asked my mom to hold the syringe in place for a second while she went to the cart. Curious as to what she was doing, I watched Erika open the drawer that held the plastic cocks and withdraw one. Then walking up to the side of the bed, she leaned down and showed it to me.

"Bobby, this is the number two size. It's only a tad bigger than your mom's fingers and I'm sure you won't even notice the difference." She said. "The trick to taking something comfortably in your butt is concentration and relaxation. You probably won't even notice this one very much. But, be sure you say something if you feel uncomfortable, and don't worry about the length, we're not going to push it all the way in at first."

I simply nodded and closed my eyes. My aunt's hand was still leisurely masturbating me, not enough to make me cum, mind you, but enough for me to know that someone was giving my cock some attention.

When mom withdrew the syringe, I felt the round tip of the plastic cock against my hole and then before I knew it, they guided it inside me. Erika was right, I didn't even notice it much and when my mom asked if I was doing alright, I just smiled.

"I'm going to start pushing it in deeper." Erika warned. "Just say something if it hurts."

After a few seconds, I heard my aunt gasp and when I looked up at her from where I was laying, I could see a surprised look on her face. Then looking down between my legs, I could see Erika's arm making long in and out motions that matched the slight friction I felt in my ass. "Doing okay, sweetie?" My mom asked.

I simply smiled and pushed my butt out to meet the cock as it moved into me again. Both my aunt and my mom watched as Erika fucked my ass with that plastic cock. Eventually I felt it bottom out against my butt cheeks and after a few seconds I heard my mom remark, "It's in all the way."

Erika instructed my mom to keep the motion up – to keep moving the cock in and out, saying, "Sherri, keep doing this while I go get the next one." Erika told her. "Just keep up a continual and gentle motion since he's opened up so well."

I was enjoying the slow, rhythmic motion of my mother's actions; it was neither fast nor slow and it wasn't urgent or demanding, either. It was perfect. The more she did it, the more I wanted it. I wondered to myself if this was what a girl felt when she was being fucked, but then I pushed all that aside as nonsense knowing it was my ass that was being fucked, not my.... I mean, not a pussy. I chuckled to myself for even thinking those thoughts. How silly it was to even think of myself as having a pussy.

My daydream was interrupted by my aunt whispering in my ear, saying "Bobby, I've seen real cocks smaller than the one your mom is fucking you with. Just think about that for a second." She smiled at me and then winked.

Just then, Erika moved up next to the bed holding another plastic cock in her hands. It was thicker, longer and had a wire coming out the end of it. As she held it up for me to see, she explained. "This one is a little bigger and it has a vibrator inside. Once we get it in you, I'll give you the vibrator control and you can turn it up or down, depending on how it feels and what you like."

After her explanation, Erika moved back down between my legs and whispered something to my mother. When my mother glanced up at me, I knew the two were up to something. "Brenda," my mom asked, "is your arm getting tired? Why don't we swap places for a while? You come down here and I'll take over with that."

Aunt Brenda got this little grin on her face and reached down to kiss my cheek, saying, "Bobby, I want you to hold your cock for me while your mom and I swap places. No masturbating, mind you, just hold it up so we can see it."

So, as I held my cock as she instructed, Aunt Brenda moved between my legs and took over from my mother, resuming the gentle fucking of my ass with the plastic cock. When my mom moved up next to me, instead of reaching out for my erection, she just looked at me.

"Tell me the truth," she asked, "Does it feel good? What they're doing down there, I mean. Is it pleasurable?"

Her question took my breath away. Not because I was surprised she asked it, or even because I was going to answer it. It took my breath away because I was about to confess in front of these three women that I liked it. While I would have done anything they asked of me, the mere fact that I was laying in such an exposed condition, letting them handle me, stroke me and penetrate me was extremely embarrassing. And admitting that I liked it - saying it out loud so they could clearly hear it.... that took my breath away.

But, something in me wanted them to hear my confession. Something was driving me to answer. I wanted them to know. So, I answered, telling my mom, "Yes, mom. It feels good and I like it."

"And you're doing so well, baby." She replied. "Prepare yourself now." She added. "We're going to put in the larger one now."

As soon as I nodded, I felt Aunt Brenda pull out the smaller cock and Erika pressed the bigger one into me. I could feel the bigger girth start to stretch me as Erika gently pushed. "Take a deep breath, sweetheart, and push down against it." My mom said, bending over me and stroking my cheek. "That will help you open up. Once it's in, it will feel wonderful. The hardest part is getting the head through the opening. You'll see."

Staring into my mother's eyes, I took a deep breath, concentrated on my butt and pushed down against the cock as Erika held it. Then, like magic, I opened up and the cock slid a few inches into me. As it did, I let my breath out and mom leaned down to kiss me.

Leaning back up, mother glanced between my legs and watched Erika push the cock slowly into my ass. Then, turning back to me, she smiled and asked, "You still okay?"

I told her I was okay and then looked at my aunt. Her eyes were as big as saucers and she had this look of disbelief on her face as Erika pushed the cock to a final resting place all the way up in me. Then slowly, Erika began to pull the cock back out and pushed it in again. I closed my eyes and concentrated on the feeling of the larger cock as it fucked me, relaxing my muscles more and more until it was gliding in and out of me as easily as the one before it had.

I felt a blast of warm air on my nipples and opened my eyes to see my aunt bending down over me on the other side of my bed, about to suck one of my nipples into her mouth. "Relax, sweetie," my mom coaxed, "close your eyes and just let everything happen."


Aunt Brenda's mouth was hot and wet as she tongued my nipple, playing with it and sucking it up into her mouth. At the same time, my mom bent down and whispered to me very softly, saying, "That cock in your butt is bigger than your dad's, and you're taking it fine. Bobby, a plastic cock is one thing, but, I want you to think about letting your dad give you your first real cock. He'll be gentle, I know he will, and I could be there with you if wanted me to."

My mind began to spin thinking about letting my dad fuck my bottom and it seemed like an eternity before she spoke again. "Would you like that, sweetheart?" Mom asked. "Would you like your daddy to put his cock in you?"

Before I could answer, she started to masturbate me - slowly stroking my engorged cock while she waited for my answer. "Maybe your sister could be there too," she whispered, "we could all get naked and watch – the whole family gathered around to see you take your first cock.... your daddy's cock. What do you think, sweetheart?"


My heart was pounding again and I simply couldn't keep up with all the different physical and emotional sensations being thrown at me. They were overloading me, especially mom's trademark whispering – she knew what that did to me! And the exquisite feeling of having my nipples sucked, and Erika sliding that cock in and out of my ass, I was on the verge of sensory overload. Then to add to it, mom began lightly sucking on my ear. The warmth of her mouth and her breath almost pushed me into total emotional submission.

"Oh, gawd!" I moaned. "Yes. Yes." I uttered.

"Yes to what, Bobby?" She asked.

"Yes to dad and me." I said.

"Oh no, sweetheart," she answered, "it's not going to be that easy. If you want your dad to fuck your pretty ass, you're going to have to say it. Don't beat around the bush with this. These aren't just words you say in casual conversation, you know. If you really want it, I want you to prove it to me by saying those words right here and right now – with all of us listening. So if you really want it," mom urged, "we're listening."

"Come on, mom." I begged. "Please don't make me say it in front of them." Somehow, I knew my plea wasn't going to work. I knew with complete certainty she was going to press the point further and make me humiliate myself in front of my aunt and Erika.

Aunt Brenda stopped sucking my nipple and looked at me. "Bobby, it's no big deal." My aunt said, "I think we've all figured out by now that you want to try a cock in that cute little butt of yours. So, just say it, then it'll be over with and you won't have to be embarrassed about it ever again. Look, all three of us enjoy having a man's hard cock in our butts and no one expects anything different from you."

I was about ready to give in and make my humiliating confession when my mom let go of my cock and stepped away from the bed. My aunt did the same and Erika pulled the plastic cock from my bottom and stepped back, too. I looked at my mom as she stood there with her arms crossed over her chest looking at me. "We're waiting." Mom said.

"Okay, okay!" I exclaimed. "You want me to say it out loud? Alright, I will." I said, turning my head to look at my mom.

"I want dad to fuck my ass." I groaned. "There, I've said it! I admit I want to try it and I want him to be the one. And, yes, I want you to be there, mom. I want you to dress me up and watch while I take his cock in my butt. Hell, as far as I'm concerned, you can all come and watch..... I really don't care as long as he still fucks me."

Hearing my confession, my mother moved back to my side, wrapped her hand around my cock and started to stroke me again. "See," she said smiling, "that wasn't so hard."

"It's was embarrassing, mom." I answered.

"Maybe so," she replied. "But, I had to make sure you knew what you were saying. I didn't want you dancing around the subject on this. And sweetheart, we all knew it already. I think you're the only one that didn't know it for sure."

A second later, I felt Erika gently insert the cock into me and restart her fucking motion, pushing it in and out of my bottom. At the same time, Aunt Brenda reached out and took the vibrator control in her hand and turned it on.

Immediately, the plastic cock came alive and as soon as Erika realized the vibrator was on, she pushed the cock all the way in and held it there, grinding it into me.

"Oh, fuck!" I moaned, feeling the sensation of the vibrator as it quivered and pulsated inside my ass. Reaching out to grip mother's hand for support, I started thrusting my ass against the tool in Erika's hand. I became a wild man, throwing any pretense of modesty and humility out the window. All I wanted was more of that cock up my butt!

"Sherri!" Aunt Brenda exclaimed. "Look!"

My aunt was pointing to my cock, referring to the way it was leaking copious amounts of precum through the tip. "Too much stimulation on his prostate, I bet." She added.

"Shit!" My mom cursed as she pulled her hands away from my cock.

My aunt turned the vibrator control off and Erika took her hands off the plastic cock, leaving it buried in my ass. As silence over took the room, all I heard was the beating of my heart and my own panting.

"That was close," mom said, "I got so involved, I just wasn't paying attention." My aunt and Erika both looked at my mom and burst out laughing, chuckling back and forth as they looked at each other.

"He almost blew!" Aunt Brenda said, kidding my mother and making exaggerated circular movements in the air with her hands.

They laughed amongst themselves for a few more seconds until Erika spoke up, saying. "Seriously, though, I think we better leave the vibrator turned off from here on out. It's his first time having something this big in him, and having the vibrator on is just going to make him blow."

My mom nodded, agreeing with Erika. My aunt, still giggling after my near eruption, looked at her watch and raised her eyebrows. Looking at my mother and tapping her watch with her finger, Aunt Brenda said "Why don't we leave that cock in him and move to the next procedure?"

"That's a good idea," my mom said, "we're going to need some time for, uh....."

"Yes," Aunt Brenda interrupted quickly, "you're entirely right, Sherri, so let's get him ready."

They all knew what was coming next because Aunt Brenda and Erika busied themselves at the cart while my mom stood next to me holding my cock. Her hand was coated with my slippery precum, and with a slight grin on her face, she lowered her mouth to my member and engulfed the head between her lips.

As mother licked and sucked me clean, I glanced over to Erika and my aunt to catch them watching my mom and whispering between themselves. My aunt was smiling as they talked, amused at my mother's attention to my rod.

Turning her attention back to the cart, my aunt reached down to one of the bigger drawers and pulled out three small bottles. "I'll go heat these up." Aunt Brenda said as she glanced up at me and added, "Don't go anywhere, Bobby. We're not done with you yet!"

Yeah, as if I could go somewhere, or for that matter, as if I wanted to go somewhere. Believe me, I was more than content to stay right where I was having three women tease, touch, caress and play with me.

As Aunt Brenda disappeared into the washroom, I turned my attention to my mother who was finished cleaning the precum off my cock. She licked her lips and then leaned over to kiss me, thrusting her tongue into my mouth and pressing her lips hard against mine.

"Oh, you're doing so well, sweetheart." Mom said as she ended our kiss. "You took a much bigger cock than any of us thought you would. I'm so proud of you, Bobby. And don't worry about your aunt or Erika hearing you say you wanted your dad to fuck you. If you really want to be feminine, you're going to have to learn to take a man in your behind. It's as simple as that. And when it happens, don't worry because I'll be there right by your side when he takes you the first time."

As usual, mother had a way to put my thoughts into simple terms. Before today, I though my feminine desires would be accommodated by my mother and maybe my sister, too. But as I thought about it, it made sense that my father would have to be included, if for no other reason than he had a real cock. And after all, girls need real cocks.

When Aunt Brenda walked back into the procedure room, my mother told me that I needed to stay hard for the next procedure. "No matter what," mother said, "it's important you stay rigid. So, if you feel yourself starting to get soft, you have to say something right away. I seriously doubt that will happen, but, if it does, make sure you say something right away so we can get you hard again."

So far, I didn't have any trouble staying hard. If anything, I was having trouble getting soft. My cock had been hard almost non-stop since I woke up this morning, and I wasn't complaining about that. I was starting to hope they were going to let me cum again, though.

As my aunt and Erika joined my mother at the side of the bed, mother jacked my cock a few times and asked Erika if she wanted to hold me for a while. "Sure!" Erika answered enthusiastically. So while I watched, Erika reached out and grasped my cock and my mom let go. I briefly took stock of who had done what since I'd been at Aunt Brenda's salon: All three had put their fingers in my bottom.... all three had sucked my cock..... all three had jacked me.... and all three had used the plastic cock on me. But only one of them had kissed my lips. Only one told me she loved me. So, even though they were equal parties in my experience, my mother retained her number one place in my heart and at the forefront of my desire.

Erika's grip on my cock was more aggressive that my aunt's or my mother's. She jacked me only slightly, but the firmness of her hand as it clenched my cock made up for the lack of up and down movement. As she held it, I tightened my cock muscles, causing it to lurch in her hand. In turn, she calmly looked down to me with a knowing smile and I did it again just to make sure she knew I was doing it intentionally.

My mother was the first of them to speak as they moved around the bed, telling me the next procedure was potentially dangerous and I had to remain totally still. Then she explained, saying, "Sweetie, since boys develop two or three years later than girls, boys your age usually associate their masculinity with their pubic hair. So, I was thinking I could help you feel more feminine if we removed it. You probably already know that most girls your age keep themselves shaved so they can wear sexy swimsuits and sexy lingerie without all their pubic hair poking out."

"So, the next thing we're going to do," she continued, "is remove all your pubic hair. And I want you to get used to it because you'll look much better if you don't have all that mess sticking out of your pretty panties everyday."

I took a minute to visualize myself without any hair down there. They were all looking at me, gauging my reaction when my aunt spoke up.

"I've heard that removing pubic hair is a frightening thing for some guys," my aunt added, "but you don't have to worry, Bobby, I've done this hundreds of times. But, you have to remain still because we have to shave around your shaft, your balls and around your butt."

"Sweetheart, we can do this safely as long as you don't jerk or move on us." My mom said. "We're going to use a special blade designed to remove pubic hair, but it's incredibly sharp. So, you have to be still. Understand?"

"Uh, yeah." I replied. "I trust you, so, go ahead.... I'll be still for you."

Honestly, I didn't have any concerns with them shaving me. Since my sister's admission that her pubic hair had been permanently removed, I sort of expected it to come up eventually. I even admired Linda for showing me her hairless pussy and in some ways, I thought it was appropriate for me to be hairless, too. And this was definitely the perfect time to do it.

They started by snipping the long hairs around my crotch with scissors. With my mom between my legs, my aunt at the side of the bed and Erika holding my cock up and out of the way for them, they started cutting. My mom carefully stretched my ball sack and snipped around them while my aunt used a small comb to lift the hair and cut it as close to the skin as she could. The look on their faces amazed me. They were completely engrossed with what they were doing, being careful not to cut me, and remove as much as they could with the scissors.

Little by little, the tufts of hair below my waist disappeared as my aunt snipped away. I looked up at Erika as she held me and I wondered if she was shaved. When she saw me looking at her, she told me how much she loved seeing a shaved man. "You'll look bigger and you'll feel sexier." Erika informed me, adding that she always insisted her boyfriends allow her to shave them or at least trim them way back.

Erika then squeezed my cock and a huge bubble of precum came up to the tip of my penis. As soon as it did, she leaned down and licked it off with her tongue and smiled. I tensed my cock muscles as she did, causing my erection to throb and lurch in her hand.

"Hey!" My mom exclaimed, pulling her scissors away from my balls and looking up at me. "Don't clench like that, sweetie. When you do, it makes your balls move! You don't want to get cut, do you?"

Erika looked down at me, shook her head and smiled. "Better be still," she giggled, "or you might leave here without your nuts." I smiled back at her and when I did, she nonchalantly ran her tongue between her lips and turned her eyes down to my cock and then back toward me. "Did you like the way I sucked you earlier?" Erika asked.

"It felt...... uh, different," I answered.

"Well, if you relax your throat when you're sucking and let it go all the way in, you can use the very back of your tongue to massage the underside of the shaft." Erika replied. "It takes some practice, but if you can learn to do it, every guy you suck will remember you forever."

"Give it a try," Erika added, "maybe with your dad when you get together with him. Don't rush it, just try to relax your throat and let it go all the way in for a few seconds. You'll get better the more you do it."

Erika and I talked back and forth while my aunt and mother worked diligently on my pubes. Every now and then, my mom would bump the plastic cock embedded in my bottom, sending a twinge of sensation racing through my body. Once, she reached up and slid it out a few inches and then pushed it back in. "Still okay with this?" Mom asked.

The feeling of the cock as it glided back into me and came to rest deep inside my ass left me speechless. Looking up at me from between my splayed legs, mom smiled and gave me a knowing look to tell me she knew what I was feeling.

After mother and my aunt finished with their scissors, they used a wet cloth to remove as much of the cuttings as they could. Then, my aunt picked up one of the items she warmed up for me. "Bobby," my aunt said, "we don't use shaving cream here. Instead, we use this lotion which protects the skin much better. That way, we can shave you closer and you won't get razor burn, plus you get the added benefit of going longer between shaves and it has a nice fragrance, too."

My aunt opened the small bottle and poured the lotion on my stomach and rubbed it around. Then, reaching around to the cart again, she picked up a straight razor and showed it to me, saying, "Bobby, I've used these for years. I promise you won't feel a thing but you have to try hard not to move. Okay?"

I nodded that I understood. Then, we all watched as my aunt began to shave the few hairs below my belly-button and across my waist. She made one pass over each area, using her fingers to pull the skin tight and then feel the area she just shaved. Within a few minutes, she had run her blade all around me, leaving a small amount of hair around my cock shaft. "Okay," my aunt said, "next I'm going to do your balls, then we'll do around your shaft and around your butt last."

Aunt Brenda moved next to my mom, between my legs, and looked down. "Sherri, can you pull his sack out? See how far you can stretch it out for me, would you?"

With my mother helping, they shaved my nut sack, front and back. As my mom moved it around for her, my aunt bent and twisted her arm to get the best angle for the blade. It didn't take long and when they were done, they stood back and admired their work. Even Erika leaned over to peek between my legs and then looked back up at me, grinning.

My mom and my aunt then moved to my side across from Erika. Aunt Brenda again reached for the lotion and squirted some of it into the palm of her hands. As she rubbed her palms together, she murmured to me, "I love this part, Bobby."

As she looked down at me, Aunt Brenda took my cock away from Erika and began to massage the lotion around the base and then up and down my shaft. She gripped me tightly and jacked me for a few seconds. The lotion provided enough lubrication for her to move smoothly, but the tightness of her grip immediately got my attention.

"I won't do this very long," my aunt said to my mother, "but, I'll let him get close, if that's okay with you."

"Hmm," my mom answered, "I've got a good idea!" She reached between my legs and grabbed the plastic cock and pulled it out several inches. Then wasting no time at all, she pushed it all the way back into me.

"Oh, fuck!" I moaned. I started to feel like I was going to cum and when I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, my aunt let go of my cock and watched it bob back and forth as my urge to climax slowly went away.

"You just gotta watch their eyes when you're doing that." My aunt remarked. "When you see 'em roll back in their sockets like that, it's means they're starting to get close. And, we don't want that, do we?" She asked, looking right down at me. "At least not yet!"

The three women giggled as they looked down at me trying to catch my breath. Then, Erika reached out to hold my cock and my aunt held the shaving blade an inch away from my shaft.

"Sherri, now would be a good time to distract him for a few minutes." My aunt suggested. So, within a few seconds my mother side stepped around my aunt and came right up next to the bed. She leaned over my chest, placed her hands on my cheeks and turned my face so I was looking directly at her.

"Baby, you've been such a good boy today. I'm really pleased with the way you've accepted everything and done what I've told you." She said. "I apologize that you haven't gotten much relief, but, maybe we'll let you cum soon. Would you like that, sweetheart?"

"You bet I would," I answered, "but, uh.... can you.... uh, uh.... never mind."

"No way, Bobby. You know you can't start to ask something and then stop like that. Tell me what you were going to say." She asked.

I didn't want Erika or my aunt to hear what I wanted to ask. Erika was standing to my right, mere inches away, holding my cock so my aunt could shave my shaft. She acted like she wasn't listening to us talk, but I couldn't be sure if she could hear us, or not. If we would have been at home, I wouldn't have been so embarrassed, but right now, with Erika and my aunt here, I didn't want to say it.

"Just whisper it in my ear." Mom said as she bent down close to me.

"I just wanted to.... uh, I mean, can you, uh..." I stuttered.

"Just settle down, baby." She said as she rubbed my chest. "Tell mommy what you want."

As she leaned her ear back down to me, I told her. "Can you use that cock on me and let me have your panties when I get to cum?" I asked.

She lifted her head up and smiled. "Is that what you're fussing about?"

I nodded my head and looked at her with hopeful eyes. "Of course," she answered, "I have something special in my purse I brought from home just for that exact purpose. Just be patient for a while longer."

She glanced over her shoulder to see how my aunt was doing, and satisfied that my aunt was done shaving around my shaft, she raised herself off my chest and we all looked at my crotch. Sure enough, every trace of pubic hair was gone. I was completely bald; my full erection stretching up from my torso looking bigger, harder and ready to explode.

"Just one more area and we'll be done." My aunt advised. "For this, we have to take the toy cock out of your butt, Bobby."

As Erika held my straining cock in her warm hands, my mom and Aunt Brenda walked back between my legs and looked at the plastic cock filling my bottom. "I'll take it out," my aunt said to my mom, "but as soon as I do, I want you to put two or three fingers into him and just move them in and out very slowly to keep him from closing up all the way."

My mom nodded and I saw my aunt reach in. As my aunt withdrew the cock from my ass, I felt every inch of it slide out of me. When it was out, my mom inserted her fingers and then glanced up at me.

Aunt Brenda walked around my mom and stood next to me. Then, to my amazement, she held the plastic cock that was just in my butt next to my own cock. "We played a little joke on you, I'm afraid." My aunt said to me. "This was really the largest cock we had, Bobby. You took the others so well, and opened up for us so well, we thought you might enjoy the fullness of the biggest one."

I looked at the cock as she held it next to my own. In comparison, it was much bigger than mine. Not only was it longer, but it was thicker. I was shocked, looking at the size of the cock, remembering the pleasure it gave me and realizing that very cock was all the way in my butt.

"You see, Sweetheart," my mom said with her fingers still in my butt, "if you relax, you can take just about any cock. You can see for yourself it's bigger than your own and I'll tell you right now it's much bigger than your father's. So, you don't have to worry about being uncomfortable when your father's cock enters you."

Erika and my aunt looked at me and I turned red. Erika started to giggle and was soon joined by my aunt and then my mom. "I would sure love to see that!" Erika said.

"Erika!" My aunt gasped.

"Well," my mom chuckled, "maybe we'll take pictures."

Mom looked at me, raised her eyebrows and then pushed her fingers into my ass a little deeper. "Pictures" I thought?

"Come on," my aunt said, "let's finish shaving him so the boy can get some relief!"

"Erika," my aunt suggested, "why don't you trade places with Sherri so she can have some time with her son while we finish."

I watched as Erika let go of my cock and applied the lube to her fingers. Then as my mother pulled her fingers out, Erika slipped hers in. And as before, Erika was less gentle with me.... not that she hurt me, but I could sense she was less concerned about my comfort than my mom and my aunt were.

My mom wiped her fingers off and pulled a stool up to the side of the bed and sat next to me. Gathering my hands in hers, she kissed them tenderly and looked at me. For a second, I thought I saw a tear form in the corner of her eye but before I could look closer, she stood and leaned over the bed and kissed me on the lips. I kissed her back, wrapping my arms around her neck and rubbing her shoulders with my hands. I felt her tongue probing against mine and I sucked hers into my mouth and then held it there as our lips mashed together. As our kiss broke, I pulled her to me and hugged her.

As we hugged, I whispered in her ear how much I loved her. She didn't say anything in return, but, that didn't stop me from saying anything else. I told her how beautiful she was and how sexy she was. I went on and on, like we were in our own little world – just she and I.

I didn't even feel my aunt and Erika shave around my ass hole. I was too busy with my mom. I heard my aunt clear her throat, and at first I disregarded it. But when she did it again, my mother broke our hug and turned to look between my legs.

"We're all done." My aunt said. "He's been completely denuded - front to back and all points in between."

Mother got up and joined Erika and Aunt Brenda between my legs. My aunt reached up and moved my cock around, looking for errant hairs. When she didn't find any, she smiled to herself and said "And not even one cut or nick, either!"

My aunt looked at my mom and asked, "Sherri, do you mind if I ask a favor? I know we didn't talk about this earlier, but, would you mind if a few of my staff to take a quick look? Erika and I are the only ones at this location that have ever shaved a male customer and I think the rest would benefit from seeing one done properly."

I looked at my mother nervously waiting for her answer. Letting my aunt see me naked was one thing – she was family. And letting Erika see me was exciting. But letting others.... strangers..... see my cock was.... was.....

"Hmm, I don't know." My mother answered, obviously considering my aunt's request. "But, from an educational perspective, I can see how it might help them. So, yes, I guess they can come in for a brief look, Brenda. But, can we limit it to no more than say...... five or ten minutes?"

"Thank you, Sherri!" My aunt replied. Then turning to Erika she pointed to the plastic cocks and the cart and asked her to straighten it all up quickly and make it presentable. "We don't want anyone to think we did anything other than shave him, do we?" She asked.

As my aunt left the room and closed the door behind her, my mother stepped beside me and began to stroke my cock. Her eyes were twinkling and she had this strange smirk on her face. "You said you wanted to be exposed, remember? Well, here's your chance to see how you like it." Mom said. "Just be calm and let them look. I'm sure your aunt will keep them under control. If you're a good boy, I'll let you cum after they leave."

Mother turned to watch Erika as she hurried to put everything away in the drawers of the cart. After another minute, I heard aunt's voice along with other female voices out in the hallway. My mom was pumping me feverously now, her hand flying up and down my cock and stopping to squeeze me every few seconds. A big drop of precum appeared at the head of my cock and she milked as much of it as she could until she heard the door knob turn and the door open. Immediately, my mom let go of my cock, smiled at me and turned to look.

The next fifteen seconds seemed to last forever as I heard my aunt usher in the women that were with her. I couldn't look. I was too embarrassed to even acknowledge their presence. The only thing I could do was stare up at the ceiling and try to get through this.

"Come on," my aunt said to them, "everyone move over here and please remember to be respectful of our client. I shouldn't need to remind you that we're professionals here."

I heard their footsteps as they came closer. I also heard faint giggles and a lot of whispering. I felt myself turning beet red and my cheeks felt like they were on fire.

"Move around the bed so you can see," my aunt said, "you won't get this chance very often and I want you all to get a good look."

Finally, I looked down from the ceiling to see six women standing at the side of the bed looking at me. My mother stood next to me with her hand on mine as if she was standing watch, ready to protect me if necessary.

"Ladies, this is our client Bobby and his mother Sherri." My aunt explained to them. "Bobby has graciously agreed to let you see him after his hair removal so you can get an idea of the differences between male and female hair removal in the genital region."

My mother smiled demurely and patted my hand as my aunt continued her tour of my nakedness. "Sherri brought Bobby to us today," Aunt Brenda said, "so we could do some hair removal in his bikini area. As you can see, we had to use the leg supports on this bed to give us better access to his genitals. Ladies, doing hair removal on a male is considerably more difficult than for a female because of the penis and testicles, so it's important that you have good lighting and position the client so you have plenty of room to work."

"Now," my aunt continued, "I'm sure you've all noticed that Bobby has an erection."

I saw many of the women smile when my aunt brought their attention to my erected condition. Unfortunately, standing in the front row was the receptionist who we first spoke to, and to whom I was introduced as Brenda's niece. She wasn't smiling like the others were, though. She was staring directly at my cock. I don't think she was listening to my aunt at all. After a minute, made eye contact with me and gave me a very serious look. I looked away at first, but when I looked back, I was met with her stare again. My mother, seeing what was going on between the two of us, squeezed my hand tightly to get my attention. I heard my aunt speaking and tried to concentrate on what she was saying.

"Given his age and the fact that we've had to handle his penis a lot while we shaved him, I think his erection shouldn't be a surprise to any of you. You're simply going to have to expect that a male client will become erect during the procedure. He might feel embarrassed or humiliated when it happens. If he does, just comfort him and explain that it's okay. You're going to find that it happens almost every time you have a male client."

"Now," my aunt said, "if everyone can move down here, I want you to see his testicles."

Once everyone gathered around the end of the bed, my aunt began telling them about my shaving my balls. "Notice that Bobby's scrotum has been shaved." My aunt pointed out as she reached to lift my ball sack so they could see. When she touched me, my cock twitched and precum dribbled out of my cock forming a small puddle on my stomach. Every one of them stared, watching the puddle of precum become bigger and bigger as I leak out onto my belly.

"Ladies, what you just saw is an involuntary physical reaction that the client can't control." My aunt explained. "As I said before, we've had to handle his penis quite a bit, and this is just the normal reaction to having his penis touched so much. Again, this is to be expected."

I looked at the women gathered around me. Most of them looked away as I scanned their faces, probably embarrassed that I caught them looking at my leaking cock. However, I noticed a young girl in the back who was blushing about as badly as I was. Then it hit me, I knew this girl! It was Katie! I went to high school with her but I hadn't seen her since graduation. Holy fuck! Now I was really turning red.

"Now I want to point out the area around the base of his penis." I heard my aunt say. Then to my surprise, my aunt reached down and grasped my dripping cock and tilted it up. When she did, I heard a few of the women giggle and the lady closest to me gasped.

"Notice that we've shaved around the base of his shaft. This is probably the hardest area to shave on a male. Let me make an analogy here.... how many of you shave your vaginal area?" My aunt asked.

None of them responded to my aunt's question, so she said, "Come on, raise your hands.... how many of you shave down there?"

A few of the women started to slowly raise their hands and as I started to look around, more and more hands started to go up, including Katie's. I also noticed Erika raised her hand, too, and when she saw me looking at her, she grinned at me.

"Okay, then," my aunt continued, "the area around the base of the penis is harder to shave than that area right above your clitoris where your lips meet. So if you've ever cut yourself there, like we all have, then you can get an idea how hard it is to shave around the penis. What you have to do is this...."

Aunt Brenda grasped my shaft and leaned my cock to one side. I closed my eyes and tried to control myself, but, with everyone looking and the way she was holding my cock, I couldn't help but clench my cock muscles again and when I did, several more drops of precum drooled from the tip of my rod and ran down the side of my shaft.

I heard many of the women gasp as my cock leaked down my shaft and onto my aunt's hand. Hearing this, my aunt chastised them, saying, "Ladies! Please! I asked you to be respectful of our client."

"Now, as I was saying," my aunt added, "you have to hold the penis to one side. When you do, the skin will stretch tight on the opposite side and then you can shave there. When you're done with that area, just bend the penis to the other side like so...."

Aunt Brenda demonstrated bending my penis from side to side to show them where to shave and how to pull the skin tight. I laid there in that bed, unable to do anything, and gritted my teeth. I just wanted to die! My cock was leaking all over my aunt's hands in front of everyone and it was horribly embarrassing. Plus, they had a full view between my legs, including my butt hole, and I'm sure they all got a good look down there.

"Okay," my aunt said, lying my cock down on my belly, "I wanted you to see what you might be in for when, and if, you have a male client. And for being such a good sport, I'm going to give Bobby a coupon for two years worth of free hair removal here. Now," my aunt added, "I think we have just a minute or two for questions, if you have any?"

A woman about my mother's age spoke up. Pointing to my mom, she asked "Are you his mom?"

"Yes." Mother answered.

Then the woman looked at me and asked "Isn't it kind of weird to have your mom in here while you had something as private as this done? Wasn't that terribly embarrassing?"

Everyone waited for my answer. Even my aunt and my mom looked at me, wondering what I was going to do or say.

I had to clear my throat before I could say anything. I took a deep breath and answered the woman. "Honestly, no it wasn't. She's my mother and I know she loves me. I'm not afraid for her to see me naked, if that's what you're asking."

Another woman raised her hand and my aunt called on her.

"How do you feel about us seeing you with an erection and....uh, you know...." She asked, pointing to my leaking cock.

"Well, believe me, it's embarrassing as hell." I answered. "But, if you've never had a male client, then maybe seeing me like this will give you some idea what you're in for when you do get one."

"Okay," my aunt said, "one more question and then I think we all need to get back to work. Who has one?"

The receptionist who was eyeing me raised her hand. I silently prayed that my aunt wouldn't call on her. I didn't want to have to explain why I posed as a girl and told her I was Brenda's niece. But, my aunt pointed to her and told her to ask her question.

"Oh, fuck!" I thought. "Here it comes."

"I don't really have a question," the receptionist replied, "but, I wanted to say that if you come back for your free hair removal, I would be honored if you let me do it for you."

A few of the women clapped and a few of them laughed and said "Yeah, I'll do it!"

They all thought it was funny and after a few seconds, Erika and my aunt herded them all toward the door and walked out with them. All except one, that is. Katie, the girl I knew from high school, sheepishly approached the bed instead of following the rest out.

As she came close, she raised her hand to wave and shyly said, "Hi, Bobby."

"Hi, Katie." I answered. I saw her eyes zoom in on my shaved cock and balls. My stomach started to turn over with the fear that she was going to blab to everyone I know about seeing me like this. I tried to cover myself with my hands, but my mom clenched her hand around mine and squeezed me like she did before to tell me to lie still.

My mom smiled at Katie and then turned to me and asked, "You two know each other?"

"Uh, yes, mom." I replied. "This is one of my friends from school..... Katie."

Mother extended her hand across the bed to Katie saying, "Nice to meet you, Katie. I'm Bobby's mother." Katie put her hand out, too, and they shook hands directly over my pulsating cock.

"Bobby," Katie said softly as she gazed down at my cock, "I just wanted to say that I think it's perfectly fine that you let your mom see you naked. In fact, I admire you for it."

I was totally speechless, to say the least. I panicked when I first saw Katie standing with the other women, and when she walked up to me I thought I was going to hyperventilate. But her words were calmly spoken and it actually sounded like a compliment. So, looking up at her as she stared down at my naked body, I thanked her with a shaky voice.

"That's so nice of you to say, Katie." My mom replied. Then mother said, "Katie, as you can imagine, this is something of a difficult situation for Bobby. We didn't think we would run into anyone he knew here, so, I was hoping you might be gracious enough to keep this to yourself."

"Oh, you don't have to worry." Katie answered, looking at my mother and then down to me. "I understand completely and you have my word that I won't ever mention this to another living soul."

"Thank you, Katie. That's very kind of you." Mom replied. "I'm sure Bobby appreciates that very much."

"Well, I've been working here a few months now, and I've done a few Brazilian Waxes for female clients, and it's all done confidentially and discretely, I assure you." Katie explained. Then looking at me she added, "Bobby, if you do decide to come back again, I would be happy to do you, uh, I mean, do your hair removal. Plus, I'm getting to be pretty good with nails, facials and hair styling, too."

The longer Katie stood there, the more comfortable I became. As I listened, mom thanked Katie again and then they had a short conversation about cutting my hair and the other services they offered at the salon. I was sure mother was trying to wrap up their little chat, but, she surprised the hell out of me by what she said next.

"Katie, I'm not trying to be pretentious," my mom began, "and please excuse me for asking, but your eyes have been taking glances at Bobby while we've been talking and I can't help but wonder if your trying to get a closer look at his hair removal."

"I'm sorry if I was staring." Katie answered. "It's just that I've never seen a shaved man before. I'm trying to be professional about it, it's just hard not to look, you know?"

"I understand totally." My mom replied. "But, if you want to get a closer look, you might as well. I mean, he's right here and you've already seen him so I don't think there's any harm if you take a closer look. Is that okay, sweetheart?"

Oh, crap! Now mother was drawing me into their conversation and inviting Katie to look right at me. Mom's eyebrows went up as she waited for my answer. I figured I didn't have much choice in the matter since my mom had already suggested it, so, I cheerfully agreed, and when I did, mom patted my hand again and moved around to the end of the bed and motioned Katie over between my legs.

"Go ahead," mother encouraged Katie, "I know you're curious. You can look."

Katie looked up at me through my spread legs and bent down close to where my butt was exposed and my nuts were hanging. After a minute, she looked at my mother, saying "He sure looks smooth. I don't know how he looked before, but, there's no hair there now."

"You can feel for yourself if you want to." My mother suggested.

"Uh, maybe I shouldn't." Katie answered.

"No, its perfectly okay, Katie. Go ahead, its fine." Mom replied.

"Really?" Katie asked, looking up at me.

I nodded my head to tell Katie it was okay to touch me. So, very slowly, Katie reached her hand out and ran her finger tips over my hairless nut sack. My cock jumped as her fingers came in contact with my balls, not from my own doing, but from the sensation of her light touch. Katie instantly drew her hand back and looked at my mother.

"Don't be startled, Katie." Mother said calmly. "He's just a little over excited, I'm sure. With all the touching he's had today and your co-workers seeing him and all... well, I think you get the picture, don't you?"

"I guess so." Katie answered with an unsure look on her face.

"Come over here." My mom said, guiding Katie over to the side of the bed. Then, pointing to my cock she added, "See how smooth and soft he is around here?" Katie literately turned bright red as she blushed. I knew she was looking right at my cock as it lie across my belly, which was spotted with drops of precum that leaked out of my cock.

"You can touch there if you want." Mom told her. "Just pick him up like Brenda showed you and you can feel around his penis as much as you like."

Katie's eyes grew huge hearing this, and when her hand started to reach out for my pole, I panicked. I just knew that as soon as she touched me another drop of precum was going to drip out, or I might even have a spontaneous orgasm and erupt all over the place. One thing became clear to me, though – this wasn't so bad after all. I had to admit, I was starting to enjoy this. One look up at my mother told me she was enjoying it, too.


When Katie's hand was an inch or so away from my waiting cock, she pulled her hand back and looked at my mother. Sensing that Katie was unsure of herself, mother leaned over and whispered something in Katie's ear. I couldn't hear what she said, but, after a second, Katie shook her head from side to side. My mother got a surprised look on her face and then said very softly, "That's okay. Here, I'll help you."

I tried to figure out what mother had said to her, but completely ditched that idea as my mom took Katie's hand and placed it directly on my shaft and curled her fingers around it. "Now just lift him up." Mom told her.

Katie started to breath hard as she held me in her hand. She pivoted my cock to a standing position where I promptly flexed it, causing the head of my penis to turn red and swell. Feeling my cock strain against her, she immediately let go, causing it to slap down on my stomach with a loud "plop!"

"Oh!" Katie exclaimed. "I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?" She asked looking up at me.

"No," I answered. "Not at all."

Mother peered at me, giving me a cautioning look knowing full well I was being mischievous with my shy friend.

"Let's try it again," my mom suggested, "this time hold him a little tighter."

Again, mother guided Katie's hand to my cock and placed it on my shaft, curling her tiny fingers around it and squeezing it softly. "Now, when I let go, pick him up and hold him in your hand, but, don't let go this time."

When my mom pulled her hand away, Katie lifted my cock and held it up. Even though I knew my mom had warned me, I flexed my cock again, making it lurch in Katie's hand. This time, she didn't let go. Instead, she snapped her head toward my mom and gasped.

"It's just a normal reaction for guys, dear. You didn't do anything wrong." She told Katie. "Their penis is very sensitive, surely you must know at least that much."

Katie looked at me and then back to my mother saying, "I've just never touched one before and I, uh......"

"I know," my mother said, quickly interrupting her, "you'll get used to it. Just hold him for a minute and see what it feels like. Squeeze it a little if you want to, it won't hurt him. Feel how rigid he is? "

I put it all together now. Katie had never touched a cock in her life so this was all new to her. That surprised me because she was a cute girl. True, she was one of those girls that always hung out in the school library – kind of a book worm chick, but I would have guessed a cute girl like her would have had at least a few boyfriends and guys wanting to take her out. Maybe I was wrong, though. I didn't remember her being this shy.

After mom let her hold my cock for a minute or so, she reached over and put her hand on top of Katie's and started to move it up and down. I couldn't help but moan as she guided Katie's hand up and down my shaft. My soft moans didn't go unnoticed by either of them and after a few seconds my mom leaned over and whispered again into Katie's ear. Katie's reaction was one of delight and when my mom let go of Katie's hand, the girl kept masturbating me! After a few more strokes, several drops of precum leaked out and dripped down the side of my cock, coating Katie's fingers.

"That's normal, too," mom told her, "don't worry about that stuff. It just means you're making him feel good." I looked at Katie and she was blushing behind her shy smile.

Mother glanced over her shoulder to make sure my aunt and Erika hadn't returned to the procedure room yet and then she let Katie stroke me only for another minute. I was starting to breathe heavily, myself, and even though she wasn't an expert at hand jobs, it was starting to get me close. Mom must have picked up on the fact that I might blow my wad soon, so she reached up and put her hand on top of Katie's and said, "We better stop now, Katie. Your boss is probably on her way back, and, I think you're about to push Bobby to the point where we'll have a huge mess on our hands soon, if you know what I mean." Mother smiled at Katie and after a few seconds I think Katie fully understood.

"Oh! Well, okay." Katie replied, crinkling her nose and giggling along with my mom.

As Katie withdrew her fist from my cock, mother got up and reached for a tissue from the cart next to the bed. Mom took Katie's hand in hers and wiped my precum from Katie's fingers and then leaned in close and said something to Katie that I couldn't hear. Katie peered around my mother's body to look at me and smile, and then said something back to my mother.

"Come on," mom said to Katie as she put her arm around the girl, "I'll walk you out."

I watched as they walked to the door and then disappeared out into the hallway, letting the door close behind them. I started to think about Katie and how I knew her for so many years at school and never gave her a second thought. I wondered if she would have gone out with me.

I lay in the room by myself for several minutes thinking about the way Katie looked at my exposed nakedness and before I knew it, my hand moved to my cock and I was leisurely stroking myself. I started fantasizing about seeing Katie naked and seeing her shaved pussy spread open, then my thoughts switched to Erika and my aunt, and finally to my mother. I was picturing mom lying back on a bed with her legs spread inviting me to lick her luscious vagina. My hand was in full motion when the door opened and Erika, Aunt Brenda and my mother walked in.

As soon as they walked up to the bed, my mom reached out to stop me, holding my hand motionless saying, "Oh, no you don't. I knew I shouldn't have left you alone in here."

"You've had quite a day at the hair salon, haven't you, sweetheart?" Mom went on. "I want you to know that bringing those women in here wasn't part of our original plan, but, I think it turned out to be a nice surprise. We got a kick out of seeing you squirm and I know your sweet little friend Katie enjoyed it immensely." Mom added. "I can't get over the way those women looked at you, or the way they shuttered when your cock leaked in front of them. And do you know Katie's never seen a real live cock before today?"

She let go of my pole and bent her face down to kiss me. "Gawd," she moaned, "I'm so turned on right now after all this, I could almost drag you to that bed over there and fuck you until we both pass out!"

"Be careful, mom," I warned, "you remember what I told you before? I'm very close to getting up out of this bed and taking you up on that."

"Actually," my aunt laughed, "no you're not, Bobby. You're not going anywhere with those straps on your legs. And since you can't reach them yourself, you might as well just relax."

I tried to lean up and reach the straps holding my outstretched legs in the stirrups, but she was right, there was no way I could reach them. I lay back on the pillow and looked at my mother, saying "Yeah, okay. Very funny. You're lucky I can't get up, though."

My aunt laughed and pulled my mother aside. They spoke for a short minute and then my aunt took Erika by the arm and pulled her into the washroom, leaving my mom and me alone.

Mom leaned down on the bed and peered into my eyes. As I looked back at her, she smiled. After a few seconds, she reached for my hand and holding it gently, she said in a soft voice "Sweetheart, I'm so proud of you. Everything that you've been through today... with your sister this morning, with your aunt, Erika and the cocks we put in your butt..... shaving you, then all those women seeing you naked and shaved, and that cute little Katie, well..... you handled yourself pretty well and I couldn't be more proud of you than I am right now."

I didn't know what to say back to her. She was praising me and I loved the way it made me feel. I kept looking into her eyes, thinking how much I loved her and how much I wanted to kiss her. She must have read my mind because her lips grew close to mine and in the solitude of that room, we kissed deeply and passionately.

"I promised I would let you cum." Mom said to me. "Anything you want, sweetie. Any way at all - you just tell me what you want to do and we'll do it."

"Any way I want?" I asked.

"Yes," she answered, "just name it."

"Okay then, I want to make love to you.... right over there on that bed – just like you said. I want us to make love."

"Anything but that, Bobby." She replied, smiling. "And not with your aunt or Erika, either, so don't even think about it. You'll have your chance soon, I promise you that."

My thoughts went to our earlier conversation about my sister and I begrudgingly accepted the fact that my sister would have to suffice as a stand-in for my mother. On one hand, I was happy that I was finally going to lose my virginity, but I was still sad that it wasn't going to be with my mother.

"Okay, then" I answered, "you said you brought something in your purse from home. What is it?"

"Well, your father and I made love last night after we had our long talk about you and your sister. I kept my panties on while he played with me and when he was ready, I just pushed them aside and he made love to me while I was wearing them."

As she told me this story, I started to get excited, hoping it was going to end with me getting her panties my father had fucked her in.

"He came in me," she explained further, "and I wore those panties until I got up this morning and cleaned myself off. They were still sopping wet when I took them off. So, thinking you might like them, I put the panties in a plastic baggie and placed them in my purse. So, I have them with me if you want them."

"Oh, yes!" I exclaimed. She brought her wet panties with her today just for me.

"So, tell me," she asked, "how would you like to cum? Would you like to use my panties? You know they have your father's cum in them."

"Oh mom," I moaned, "you know that's exactly what I want."

"Okay, then," she replied as she gave me that knowing smile, "just tell me how you want to do it. Do you want your aunt here? Do you want Erika here? Do you want us to watch you, or suck you, or fuck your butt with one of those cocks? Tell mommy what you want to do. Just say it, sweetheart, and mommy will make it happen for you."

I thought about it for a minute before I answered. "Do you remember the first time... you know, in the laundry room, when you held your panties up to my face and talked to me while I masturbated?"

"Yes," I remember, "is that what you want to do?"

"Well, yes," I replied, "but would it be okay if I had one of those cocks in my bottom at the same time?"

"Of course it is." She answered. "Do you want Erika or your aunt to do that?"

"Can I really have anything?" I asked.

"Sure you can." Mom answered. "Just tell me what you want, baby."

"Alright," I said, "then I want it to happen in this bed, just like I am now. I want Erika to fuck my bottom with one of those cocks and I want Aunt Brenda to suck me. I want you to hold the panties up to my nose and talk to me, like you did before. But, when I get ready to cum, I want you to finish sucking me and let me cum in your mouth."

"No problem. Do you want me to kiss you when I'm done?" Mother asked.

I was about to go into overload as she asked, so all I could do was nod my head up and down to say 'Yes'.

"Okay," she replied, "I can make all that happen for you, but I want you to do one thing for me."

"Sure, what is it?" I asked.

"I want you to let me tie your hands so you can't touch yourself." She said. "I want you to lie back, relax and let us do all the work. You've been through so much today, I think you need to be pampered now."

I opened my eyes wide and looked at her with a questioning gaze. She never suggested tying me up or restraining me before now and the thought of it was unsettling.

"I'll be here all the time, sweetheart." She added. "Will you trust me?"

I finally nodded my head and she smiled. "Okay then," she said, "right now I want you to close your eyes and keep them closed until I tell you to open them. I don't want you to say anything or resist us in any way. I'm going to turn the lights down so it's not so bright in here and then I'm going to go talk to your aunt and Erika. When we come back, we'll start."

Mom leaned down and kissed me. "I love you." She said, as she brushed my hair across my forehead. "Close your eyes now, sweetheart."

I settled back into the pillow and closed my eyes. I heard her footsteps fading away as she left me. Through my eyelids, I could tell when she dimmed the lights, and then I listened to her footsteps as they disappeared into the silence.

I had no sense of time while I laid there anticipating her return, so I don't know if it was five or thirty minutes that I waited in the darkened room. I thought I heard sounds every now and then, but they must have been random noises from the people in other rooms of the salon. I was taken completely by surprise when I felt a hand cover my eyes.

"Remember, keep your eyes closed and don't speak at all. When you're ready to cum, I just want you to call my name."

Then, I felt hands on both sides of me moving my arms up over my head. No one spoke at all and I couldn't tell who was doing what. I felt straps being wrapped around my wrists and then I felt them being tugged higher above my head.

Then, my mom whispered to me again, saying, "I'm going to put your hands on the bed frame, sweetheart, so you can hold on to something while your hands are secured."

I felt her guide my hands to the cold steel of the bed frame above me and as I gripped it, I felt the straps on my wrists tighten and I couldn't move my arms after that.

I could hear breathing on one side of me, and across the bed, too. I sensed someone close to me and then a second later, I felt something damp placed on my face. It only took a second for me to recognize my mother's scent, and I realized she had just covered me with her wet panties. Lying there, I felt her arrange them across my eyes and over my nose and mouth.

"Open your mouth." I heard mother say.

I did as she asked and as I held my mouth open, I felt her tuck the gusset of her panties into my mouth and gently push my chin closed.

I used my tongue to examine the fabric in my mouth. It was wet and saturated with her juices. As I started to suck on the material, the realization that I was probably sucking my father's spent cum out of her panties hit me. My cock lurched at the thought of what he might think or say if he saw me doing this.

I was startled when I felt a lubricated finger invade my bottom. Just slightly at first, but then as more lube was applied, the finger pushed into me all the way. I moaned as the finger slipped easily in and out of my bottom and soon, the finger pulled out and more lube was applied. Then, more fingers and more lube went into me until I felt I was dripping with lubrication.

I waited in anticipation for the cock to push into my bottom. Instead though, I felt my cock being held and a pair of hot lips gobbling my cock down a warm mouth. The blow job was wet and noisy and I could hear breathing and slobbering going on down in my crotch. It had to be my aunt sucking me, because it wasn't gentle. The hand on my cock held me tight, stroking me up and down as she sucked. I was just getting into it when she suddenly stopped and pulled off my cock.

An instant later, I felt something touch my ass. "Bear down a little, sweetheart, so we can fuck your cute little ass." With little effort, I pressed down against the cock waiting to enter my ass. An instant later, I opened up and the cock slid easily into me.

"Aaaahhhhh!" I moaned.

"That feels good, doesn't it, sweetie?" Mother asked.

"Gawd, yes!" I gasped. Then the mouth returned to my cock and I felt its warmth swallow me.

"Bobby," my mother whispered softly into my ear, "Erika's going to fuck your ass now, slowly at first, but then she's going to go deeper and faster. At the same time, your aunt is going to suck your cock. When you feel like you're going to cum, tell me so I can take Aunt Brenda's place. I want to feel all your hot cum to go straight into my mouth and then I'm going to suck you dry before I kiss you with a mouthful of sperm."

The beating in my chest quickened and I felt Erika start to move the cock shoved up my ass. I started to pant as Aunt Brenda's mouth began jacking and licking my cock. I felt my mom's fingers push her worn panties closer to my nose and then she started to speak.

"Sweetheart," she continued, "I want you to know how much I love you and how much I want you to be happy. I want you to be sexually fulfilled, too, baby. I know you're interested in everything about panties. I know you like to look at them, touch them, smell them and wear them. And I have a little surprise for you, sweetie..... your cute friend Katie gave me her panties to give to you."

Erika was fully fucking my bottom now, not furiously, but she was deliberate in pushing the cock all the way up in me and then pulling it almost all the way out. My aunt was deep throating me, almost gagging on my pole as she swallowed my entire length. I was trying to hold back, trying to keep myself from coming, but between my mother and my aunt and Erika, I was losing ground fast.

My mom's voice appeared in my ear again, saying, "And I know you're interested in being a girl, baby, and I think that's so cute. I could dress you up so nicely, Bobby. I could dress you in pretty panties and a matching bra. We could buy you some nice dresses and do your hair just like a girl. I already know you want to suck a real cock and feel one inside you. I'm going to help you with all of that. If you'll let me, I'll have your dad be the first man to fuck you, and you can pretend to be a girl. I'll make him go slow at first until you get used to his cock. I think you might like it, Bobby. I love it when he fucks me like that."

Erika was nudging that plastic cock up into my prostate, grinding it and rubbing it into me. My mom was driving me crazy with the things she was saying.... I didn't know if she was saying them just for my benefit, or if she really meant them, but regardless of why, they were pushing all my buttons. As she started whispering again, I knew it wouldn't be long before I erupted with an awesome cum.

"You're getting to be such a good submissive, sweetheart. The way you minded me today and did what I wanted you to do made me so happy. And the way you let those women look at you naked got me so hot, baby. You even let Katie look at you and touch you. Sweetie, I almost couldn't stand it. Oh, do you know she's a virgin, Bobby. She told me she was. You know, I might have to invite her over to the house one day without telling you and let her see you in your bra and panties. I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you? I bet you would almost beg me to undress you in front of her and make you masturbate yourself while she watches you. Maybe we would wear our panties for you and let you look at us while you performed. Doesn't that sound exciting?"

That was it. That was all I could take. I felt the rumble begin deep in my balls. I waited until I knew it was coming. I knew it was going to be a big one.

"Mom! Now!" I groaned.

As soon as I said it, I felt my aunt pull off my cock and my mother immediately took her place. Erika stopped plunging me with the plastic cock and thrust it up in me as far as she could.

I felt mom use both her hands to hold my pole as she jacked me and sucked me. Then she took me deep into her throat, something she never did before. And as I felt the first contraction come, I gasped out loud: "Oh, fuck... I'm cumming!"

I felt the first blast of cum erupt through the head of my cock into her mouth and she began to moan. My body jerked and twitched as she sucked my first blast. Then wave after wave of hot cum squirted from my cock into my mother's hot waiting mouth. I probably ejaculated a good thirty seconds into my lovely mother's mouth, and the whole time, I heard her moaning and edging me on. At the end, she started milking me, coaxing the last few drops of my semen into her mouth. Then at last, when it was over, I went limp, totally exhausted from the power of my climax.

Finally, when she was sure I had no more to give, she pulled away from my cock. The panties covering my face were pulled away and I felt her hands turning my face to her. I reached my lips up in anticipation of her kiss, but she teased me for a few seconds rubbing her nose against mine like an Eskimo kiss.

Then, as I was about to become angry, her lips met mine and we opened our mouths together. We kissed deeply, sharing my hot cum and sucking each other's tongue as we shared our love. The emotions I felt while we kissed were stronger than at any time I could remember and when the kiss ended, I was literally spent.

As she pulled away from the kiss, I felt the wetness of our spit and my cum all over my face. I laid there in complete emotional bliss and exhaustion trying to catch my breath.

"I love you, sweetheart." She said. "Just rest now, baby. We're going to undo your hands and help you take your legs down out of the stirrups and cover you with a sheet so you can rest while we clean up. I want you to keep your eyes closed and rest for a few minutes, then we'll have a quick bite to eat and move to the last procedure."

End of chapter 18.

