
Adam's Bargain
by John Doelman
 

Show Story Details

Adam Shepherd lay in his bed on fine summer Saturday morning staring at the ceiling. It was almost 10 o'clock but he was in no hurry. He was indulging in his favourite pastime - masturbation - and his hand moved lazily on his shaft as he lay and listened to the sound of his mother preparing breakfast downstairs.

Indeed, it was his mother he was thinking of as he brought his cock to erection. Adam was 11 years old and his cock had only a small collection of tiny black hairs at its base but his body was beginning to change and the process was having a marked effect on him. He seemed to be unable to think of anything but naked women - not that he had ever seen one "in the flesh", only pictures in his friend Larry's magazine - and every time he thought about them his cock would become erect in an instant. Then he'd have to sneak off to the bathroom and masturbate until he shot his thin white spunk into the pan. It would only be a short while later before he would be hard again. Almost anything got him hard nowadays. It could be catching sight of a woman with slightly larger than average breasts, a fleeting glimpse of thigh as a skirt blew up in the wind, the way a girl's nipples pushed at the front of her blouse - whatever the cause the end result was always the same - Adam's cock would be up in an instant and once again he would be heading for the bathroom to jerk off. Adam had heard the expression "sex mad" and he sometimes wondered if that was exactlywhat he was - crazed by sexual lust.

He even came in his sleep - the sheets were, even now, damp with last nights emission. What would his mother say? Adam knew that he only had to think about his mother and his cock became stiff in an instant. He often imagined her naked - not that he had ever seen her naked - imagined her breasts, her buttocks, her pussy bared for his examination. Adam speeded up his manipulations as images of his mother flashed across his mind like a series of still-frames from a movie. He saw her bending forward to drop her breasts into her brassiere - a sight he had blundered on one morning when he walked unannounced into her bedroom as she was dressing. His hand moved faster as he remembered the fleeting glimpse he had got of one dark nipple and the undercurve of her ripe breasts.

Then he re-lived the scene last week when he had been sitting on the floor reading his comic and had looked up at his mother sitting on the sofa. She was tired and half-dozing and relaxed enough to be careless about how she was sitting and her legs had drifted far enough apart for Adam to see, from his low viewpoint, right up her skirt to her panties. He moved his hand faster and faster, remembering how his lust had overcome his fear of discovery and he had stared at the plump cotton-covered bulge between his mother's thighs for what seemed like an age - picturing what lay beneath that thin layer of cotton, trying to imagine what his mother's pussy looked like.

His hand moved frantically on his shaft as he remembered every detail, the aching desire in his balls as he had feasted his eyes on her exposed thighs, the way she had seemed almost to be displaying herself deliberately, and the thought came into his mind - "I'd do anything for a look a Mom without her panties!"

"Anything?" said a deep voice with a trace of amusement.

Adam's eyes flew open. Who had said that? He turned his head and was startled to find a figure standing beside the bed.

"Do you really mean that, Adam? Would you really do anythingto see your mother without her underthings?"

Adam's strangled, "Yes!!" was almost inaudible. He was finding it difficult to speak - partly through shock at finding anyonein his room but most of all because he could hardly believe what he was seeing. The interloper looked, at first glance, like a man of perhaps 30 years of age with large shoulders and a short beard. That, however, was where normality ended. The creature appeared to be a lot hairier than any man Adam had ever seen. Most bizarre of all, the stranger appeared to have the legs of a goat between which hung a huge phallus. Adam felt his own modest organ shrinking in shock. "Who are you? WHAT are you?"

"My name is Adamus and as to the second part of your question - tell me Adam, have you ever heard of fauns?"

"Fawns?" said Adam. "Aren't they deer or something?" He was staring wide-eyed at the apparition beside his bed - half believing that he was still asleep and this was some wierd dream.

"No, Adam," said the stranger with a smile, "Fauns are certainly not deer - although we may be distantly related to goats. But you haven't answered my question - how badly do you want to see your mother naked?"

The faun's eyes seemed to light up slightly as he whispered the last word and Adam noticed that the creature's huge cock appeared to grow slightly, as if it was starting to become erect.

"I want to!" Adam blurted out, "I think about it all the time - especially since ... since..."

"Since you looked up her skirt when her legs were apart the other night and wondered if she knew you were looking at her - wondered if, perhaps, she was doing it on purpose?"

"How did you know..." stammered Adam.

"Because, Adam, I can see into your mind - especially when you are thinking of sex. And don't worry - your Mother was totally unaware both of what she was displaying and of your close interest in her cunt"

Again Adam was aware of the faun's stress on the last word and the effect it seemed to have on the creature. Now the monster penis was definitely semi-erect.

"I don't understand. How do you know these things? Where did you come from?"

"Ah, Adam! Perhaps I should explain. How do I know? We faun's have been in existence since the dawn of time and I can see into your mind as easily as you see ... up your mother's skirt." Adamus smiled at the thought. "As to where I have come from ... do you know why this dwelling is called "The Copse?"

Adam shook his head.

"Because until very recently - only a few millenia ago - all this land was covered by trees. Then we, the fauns, lived here. This was our domain. We spent our time chasing the nymphs, and ravishing them"

Another stiffening of the creature's cock.

"But now we have no woods, no nymphs. All we have left to us is a hunger - a hunger for female bodies ... to caressto toy with, to PENETRATE!!"

Now the creature sported a huge erection. It curved up and touched Adamus' hairy belly. The purple end had slid out of its sheath and glistened in the sunlight filtering in through Adam's bedroom curtains.

Adam stared at the faun and asked, "So why me? What can I do?"

Adamus smiled. "You, Adam, share my hunger. I have never known anyone with such a constant craving - so strong, so ... insistent! I want to share your mind, Adam. I want to use your body. We fauns cannot... copulate ... with humans. I want to enter your mind - to feel what you feel. To experience every sensation. But you must invite me in - I can see your mind but I cannot share it unless you invite me to. Let me share your mind, Adam. Let us fuck your Mothertogether!!"

Again the emphasis on the words and the strange, manic gleam in the eyes. Adam was terrified.

"No! No, I won't! I don't care about seeing Mom without ... I don't want..."

Adamus smiled. "Really?"

Adam gave a gasp as he heard his bedroom door open. "Mom!!

He looked in consternation from his mother to the faun and back but Adamus was totally unconcerned.

"She can't hear you Adam. Look at her eyes. She is completely under my control. We fauns know exactly how to control females. She will do exactly as I tell her - unquestioningly, completely. Just imagine what we could do to her, Adam! Strip her! Touch her! Feel her breasts, her cunt! Finger her! FUCK HER!!"

Adam looked at his mother's eyes. They were blank and empty. She stared straight ahead as if sleepwalking.

"I can see why she excites you so, Adam. Such good breasts. So big! So firm! You like looking at them, Adam. Remember how you saw her in her bedroom. Remember how they dangled! Remember how her nipple looked. Would you like to see them again? It is such a long time since you sucked at them. Do you remember how it felt, Adam, when you were a baby. How it felt to have those breasts in your mouth? Shall we see if they have changed at all?"

Adam stared in amazement at his mother, taking a good long look at her. The faun was right. At the age of 38 Marion Shepherd did have good breasts and it was a long time since anyoneapart from herself had seen them. Adam's father had walked out 8 years ago and she had been celibate ever since. Not for lack of offers - she was a good looking woman with shoulder length hair the colour of a raven's wing and green eyes. Although she had put on a few pounds over the years, she was still in reasonable shape - enough for plenty of men older than Adam to look at her and wonder what she would look like naked. Now she stood, blank eyed in the doorway of her sons bedroom dressed in a white t-shirt tucked into a dark blue, knee length, pleated summer skirt. Her feet were thrust into plain mules.

Adam watched in amazement as his mother pulled up the front of her t-shirt. She lowered her chin to hold it up out of the way while she reached around behind her back and unclipped her plain white brassiere. She pulled the cups up and her breasts tumbled out. Adam held his breath as he gazed at his mother's tits. Jesus, they were as beautiful as he had pictured them from that fleeting glimpse in her bedroom! Breastfeeding and the passing years meant that Marion did not have the pert breasts of a teenager but they were still firm, although they sagged slightly. They were large and heavy (36D - Adam had sneaked a few guilty peeks in her underwear drawer), the semi-erect nipples large and dark in colour, surrounded by even darker areolae. She was standing immobile, holding her t-shirt and brassiere high, exhibiting her breasts to the boy and the faun, a slight smile on her pretty face.

"Can I enter your mind Adam? Can we fuck her"

"No!" Adam was in a turmoil and the faun sensed it - read his mind easily.

"Perhaps a little suck on those pretty titties, Adam. For old time's sake. You were such a greedy baby - you were always desperate to get your lips around those beautiful teats! How you sucked at her then, milking her, feeling her milk pumping into your mouth"

Adam watched, unable to move, as his mother came over to the bed. Her breasts swayed as she walked - Adam was alomost hypnotised by them. Still holding the bra and t-shirt high she bent forward and dangled her big, heavy breasts in her young sons face. Adam ogled the now erect nipples and felt his resolve weakening.

"Go ahead, Adam, suck on your mother's teats. It used to make her feel so good. Remember how she sighed - how her nipples got harder and harder as you worked on them. Go on, suck them again!"

Adam raised his hand and touched his mother's left breast. It felt so soft, so warm. He ran his finger over the nipple and then pulled her down to him, taking her erect teat between his lips and suckling on it hard and urgently. He heard his mother moan and gasp as he sucked her. What harm could it do if he let Adamus share this. Why not let him in? He felt a strange sensation, as if he had an itch inside his head. He saw Adamus smile and watched as the faun pursed his lips and sucked the air. The creature was trying to share his mind and it seemed that he was succeeding - sharing the sensation of the hard nipple against his lips, feeling it slippery and erect as his tongue lapped at it - as big and hard and rubbery as a pencil eraser.

"No!!" Adam released his mothers breast and felt the strange sensation inside his head subside.

Adamus was grinning lecherously. "Sweet breasts. They tasted even sweeter when she was in milk"

"How do you... ?" Adam was incredulous.

"Even as a baby you were full of lust, Adam. We shared your mother then, you and I. I remember many a time when she was feeding you - suckling you then just as she does now - and your tiny pizzle grew hard with pleasure. Your lust attracted me to you even then. Your mind was open then - welcoming me in. I suckled with you and she never realised that there were two of us tasting her milk. Now let me in, Adam and we can fuck hertogether"

Adam was disconcerted by the way the faun almost hissed the words. He was still uneasy about allowing Adamus into his mind. "I don't know! I'm scared!"

"Perhaps you need to be reminded of the prize, Adam. Remember what you want to see! We must get your mother to give you a look at her panties again"

Adam swallowed, his mouth dry. His mother had straightened up and was slowly lifting the hem of her skirt. Adam stared as she revealed more and more, the skirt sliding higher and higher until at last he could see her panties.

"Such a plump cunt, Adam," the faun crooned, "See how the garment has moulded itself to her form. See how proud she is to show you her pussy! Look, Adam! She wants to give you a better view!"

As if responding to a command which only she could hear, Adam's mother moved her feet apart. Now Adam could see how the plain white cotton panties - his mother had exchanged the frivolity of frilly underthings some years back in favour of plain, comfortable styles - were pulled up slightly into her pussy, showing the outline of her slit. A few stray hairs escaped from one leghole, the jet-black curls contrasting with the pure white of her panties.

"Touch her Adam. She won't stop you. She can't. Feel how plump your mother's cunt is. Run your finger between her legs, Adam. You've dreamed of doing this haven't you? Now make your dreams come true. Feel the heat of her, Adam. She's ready for us!"

Adam reached out his hand and found he was trembling. His fingertips brushed against the bulge of his mother's mons (so plump, so soft!) and he traced the line of her slit down between her thighs, pressing the thin material into her cleft, causing a few more ebony hairs to spring out into the light. He reached up dreamily to pull his Mom's panties down.

"No!! If you attempt to remove them without letting me share your mind your Mother will wake up at once. How will you explain yourself to her then, Adam? "Sorry Mummy, I was just pulling your panties down so I could play with your pussy!" - Oh Adam! What would she say? But we can do it together, Adam. We can explore her together! You can take those panties down - see her naked cunt. Can I come in?"

Adam was staring at his mother's crotch - desperate to remove the final flimsy barrier. "Yes! Yes! Whatever you want!"

Adam felt that strange itch again and then it seemed that everything changed slightly, as if the world had been slightly out of focus and was now sharp. Every sense seemed heightened. He reached for his cock and slowly pulled at it. Something made him turn his head and he saw that the faun's huge phallus appeared to be being caressed by an unseen hand. The skin covering the shaft moved in perfect time with his own.

"See Adam - we are sharing every sensation! Now let's carry on. Bare her cunt. Let us see her. Your Mother is almost ready for us to fuck her - I can smell it!"

Adam, too, found that his sense of smell was heightened to an amazing degree. He could smell his Mother's musk and he tore at her panties. Grasping the waistband he tugged them down and gazed for the first time at a real, live, adult cunt.

"Oh boy!!!" he whispered as he stared at his mother's sex, "It's so ... hairy!"

He was right. During her marriage Marion had kept her pubes trimmed, shaving her bikini line so that she could wear the briefest of swimsuits but in recent years she had left her mound untouched by scissors or razor. There was a thick springy bush covering her plump mons and a mass of jet-black curls hung like a little beard between her white thighs.

"Part her hairs, Adam. Find her lips. Explore her slit."

Adamus was urging the 11 year old on but he had no need. Adam was only too keen to investigate his mother's sexual secrets. He climbed off his bed and knelt before her, his face level with her crotch. Marion stood passively, her panties around her knees and her feet apart. She was holding her skirt high and her son could see all her lower body. Perhaps his mother had a slightly bigger belly than the girls in Larry's magazine and her thighs were perhaps a touch thicker but her pussy - Oh God, her pussy!!

He reached forward with both hands and gently parted the mass of hairs. He was amazed at the size of the wrinkled lips. They were visible even before he moved the hairs, their edges just peeping through the springy thicket. When he had burrowed down, however, pulled his mother's sex gently open, he saw just how long they were - like the petals of some exotic flower. He slid his finger between them and felt her arousal on his fingertips, smelt it with his heightened senses.

"Put your finger up her! Find her opening! Explore her!"

Adam slid his finger along the channel between his mothers labia. He was amazed at how far back his fingers got before suddenly slipping up into his mother's vagina. He had somehow imagined the entrance to be further forward. He heard her give a little gasp of pleasure and he pushed his slim young finger as deep inside her as he was able until his knuckles were pressed up against her soft buttocks. He wriggled his finger around, marvelling at how hot and slippery it was up there. As he did so his mother gave another moan and he felt her grip him with her cunt muscles - almost as if she was trying to milk his finger.

"She's ready, Adam. Let's fuck her now!" Adamus was hoarse with excitement.

Adam reluctantly slipped his finger out of his mother's pussy and waited for Adamus's next instruction. Marion stepped out of her panties and knelt on the bed, her face pressed into the covers and her buttocks raised high. Her skirt was hiked up over her ample hips. Her mules fell to the floor. She reached around and held her buttocks wide, displaying her sex, the tight pink rosette of her anus. Adam could see how swollen her labia were, how they glistened wetly. His mother's slim fingers were stretching to part them, open them wide. He could see the dark entrance to her sex, the hairs at each side matted with her juices. The smell of her musk was almost overpowering.

"Now Adam! Mount her!! Fuck her!!"

Adam knew instinctively what to do. He took his young cock in his hand. Not yet a man, no longer a child, his penis was no more than 4 inches long and slim. But it was as rigid as an iron bar, the veins showed through the taut skin and the head was dribbling clear fluid. He guided it to his mother's cunt and felt the thrill as his cock-head glided between her pussy lips and slid inside her. Adamus was controlling him now, dictating the pace, making him thrust frantically into his mother. He guided the boys hand around beneath the woman's belly and she cried out in ecstasy as he manipulated her swollen clitoris. Marion was squeezing her son's cock with her powerful internal muscles but suddenly she felt him pull out.

Adam had no say in the matter - Adamus was controlling his actions completely now. Adam could feel every exquisite sensation but he was a passenger in his own body. He felt the tip of his cock pushing against a tight ring of muscle and then it yielded and he was thrusting into a hole that gripped him with a beautiful tightness. He realised what was happening - he was fucking his mother's anus! He slipped his hand further around from Marion's clitoris and pushed two fingers up her slippery cunt. He felt her grip him again and heard her mumbling, "Fuck me! Fuck me! Harder! Oh, yes!! Harder!!"

He glanced across at Adamus. The faun was mirroring his every thrust, the scimitar-like penis fucking the air but his mind feeling every sensation that Adam was feeling, feeling the woman's tight sphincter gripping his phallus.

Then Adam felt his seed surge up his shaft and he squirted jet after jet inside his mother. Every spurt was matched exactly by the faun, thick ropes of sperm spraying over the bedcovers. He heard his mother sobbing and the grip of her pussy on his fingers was almost unbearable.

Adam felt the faun leave his mind and he pulled his slackening cock out from between her soft cheeks. His mother had slumped forward on the bed, her legs still wide apart. Adam watched a pearl of gleaming semen dribble from her anus and run into her slit.

Adamus smiled. "So good, Adam! So many years since I last penetrated a woman. And your mother was a prize worth waiting for. Now - let us discuss what we are going to do next!"

Adam sat on the edge of the bed. His mother was now lying on her back on top of the covers, her eyes closed. She seemed to be asleep. She had pulled her skirt down to cover her sex but had made no attempt to re-arrange the rest of her clothing and her heavy breasts lay, slightly flattened, on full view.

Adamus was stretched out on the floor, his penis now flaccid but still enormous.

"I still don't understand," said Adam. "Why are you here and how can you control Mom like that? Why can't you fuck her yourself? Why do you need me?"

The faun chuckled, "So many questions! Let me start at the beginning - the *very beginning - for fauns have existed since the dawn of time. We live only for one thing - sex. It is the force that gives us life. Unfortunately, over the centuries the magic we need to keep us - the magic of the woods and glades - has faded with the going of the trees and the nymphs are long gone. But I can exist while I can find a human with an equal appetite to my own. Many years have passed since I last found one like you, young Adam. You have a hunger almost as strong as my own and now that you have tasted the pleasures that a female can offer your hunger will increase." Adamus grinned, "See, only minutes since you fucked her and you want to play with your mother's cunt again!"

Adam blushed, "How did you... ? Can you read my mind that easily?"

"When you are thinking of sex, yes! Don't worry, Adam, if you want to explore her further go ahead. She is ours now. Besides, it is some years since she has been pleasured by a male"

"So she enjoyed what I ... we ... did to her?"

"Oh yes!" chuckled the faun, "I allowed her to retain that capability. She has been unpleasured for too long - apart from the work of her own fingers. It would be cruel to deny her a little relief when she is so on heat"

Adam flipped up the hem of his mother's skirt and ran his fingers through the thick springy hairs on her mons. His fingers dipped lower and the woman opened her legs to allow him access She sighed and licked her lips.

"How do you control her? Can you do it to any woman?" Adam's mind was suddenly full of images of girls and women that he had masturbated over, dreamed of fucking - Larry's 16 year old sister, Susan! ... Mrs Bowman, his maths teacher! ... Pamela Anderson! - the possibilities were endless!

The faun smiled indulgently. Adam was a raging mass of desire - a hard-on on legs.

"Any woman, Adam. Men are designed to penetrate - women to be penetrated. Over the millenia the basic drives have become hidden, pushed under the surface, but every female is born with a need to be penetrated. Your mother was easy - she has been been so long without - her need was huge, just waiting for my call. But I cannot control any female outside my territory. They have to enter my domain. But if my power is made stronger, if I can add to my force, then I can send my call over larger and larger areas - even pass some of my power on to you, my lustful young friend. Then perhaps you will be able to do play with the cunt of this "Pamela Anderson" the way you are playing with your mothers"

Adam's eyes lit up at the thought. "Neat!! So how do we go about increasing your power? Do we have to fuck Mom again?"

The faun laughed. "Oh Adam! I knew that once you had tasted your mother's cunt your lust would know no bounds! No, my lustful young friend, what we need is a virgin and your mother is hardly that! Every virgin we deflower increases the power. The need in a virgin is enormous and the younger the virgin the more dormant that need is. Awakening that dormant need unleashes enormous power - power that we can use for ourselves!"

"OK." said Adam, "So where do we find a vir... ?" Realisation dawned, "Becky!"

Adamus smiled, like a teacher whose favourite pupil has just answered a particularly difficult question.

"Your sister is waiting patiently downstairs, Adam. Under my control and completely unaware of what we have been doing up here. Shall we bring her up?"

Adam frowned. "But she's only a little kid. She only had her eighth birthday last month!"

"Ah but you have lusted after her before Adam, haven't you - remember?"

Like a series of scenes from a movie Adam found pictures flashing across his mind - him and Becky in the bath when she was 5 and he was 8 - Becky in her swimsuit last year, the wet material going see- through and showing her little cunt - Becky sitting on his lap last month at her party, wriggling her bottom against his crotch. And every time, on every single occasion, Adam's slim cock had been stiff with lust.

"Remember Adam, I am attracted to your lust. Whenever you have felt lust I have been there. When you saw your sister's cunt, your mother's breasts, when you persuaded your cousin to show you her panties. Every time I was there. Now shall we get Becky up here?"

Adam grinned, his cock stiffening already. "Yeah!"

"I think we should have a little game with this one. Give her a little power of her own - a little freedom. Let her be seduced. I'm sure your mother will help us to ... unlock her desire. Satisfy her need to be penetrated"

Adamus was getting aroused again, Adam noticed. The faun's eyes twinkled mischieviously.

"Stand here, Adam, with your back to the door. Now, if we have your mother..."

Marion opened her eyes and got off the bed. She knelt down before her son and took his stiffening penis in her fingers.

Adamus smiled. "Good! A pretty scene. Don't worry Adam - your sister won't be able to see or hear me. Just do as I tell you

and we'll soon be exploring her sweet young *cunt!"

Adam watched the faun's phallus swell and grow as he said the words. His Mother called out, "Becky!" and he heard his sister answer.

"Come up here to Adam's room a moment!"

Adam heard his sister open the kitchen door and start to climb the stairs. Then the 11 year old gasped in surprise as his mother took his semi-hard cock into her mouth and began to suck it to full erection.

Adam could hardly believe it. It was as if this was the most normal thing in the world - as if his mother did this every day. As he felt his mother's tongue swirling expertly over his glans he decided that this was something she wouldbe doing every day in future - maybe twice a day! His mother easily took all his four inch shaft into her mouth. Adam was ready to explode.

He heard his sister reach the top of the stairs and then he heard her voice.

"Mom, Adam, where are... ?"

The little girl stood in the doorway, unable to make out what was going on. There was her big brother, totally naked, with his back to her and there was Mom kneeling in front of him. Becky couldn't see what her mother was doing round there but she felt a blush rise to her pretty cheeks as she looked at Adam's bare bottom.

Marion released her son's cock with a soft "Plop!" and looked around him at her daughter. Becky was a smaller version of her mother - the same dark hair falling to her shoulders, the same green eyes. But she was an undeveloped, podgier version, standing there in her "My Little Pony" t-shirt and pink skirt. She wasn't worried about her "puppy fat" - Mommy said she's soon grow out of it.

"Come over here, honey. There's something I want to show you now that you're getting to be a big girl."

Becky stepped forward. She was pleased that her mother thought she wasn't a baby any more. What was she going to show her?

The little girl's eyes widened in surprise as she saw her brother's erect cock - she had never seen it so big before and her Mom was holding it in her hand!

"Mom!!Adam!! What are you doing?"

Her mother smiled at her. "It's time you learned about boys and girls and what big boys and girls do. Surely you've seen Adam's cock before?"

"Y ... yes ... but it's so ... stiff!"

"That's because I'm playing with it. isn't it Adam? That's what big girls do to big boys. See how I can make the pretty purple end come out to play!"

Marion was masturbating her son now, slowly slipping the skin back and forth, teasingly, voluptuously. Adam felt the faun slip into his mind, felt the heightening of senses that accompanied it. He heard Adamus's voice, low and langourous,

"Oh Adam, she is goodat this! I control her mind but the skill is all hers." Adam wondered that neither his mother or sister seemed to have heard the remark.

"Of course not, Adam! They can't see orhear me remember. Ohhh ... your mother is skilled in pleasuring males! And your sister seems keen to learn!"

Adam looked at Becky. Her eyes were wide and fixed on his cock, almost hypnotised it seemed by the movement of her mothers hand on her 11 year old brother's erect member.

Marion took her little daughter's hand. "Here, Becky, you try it for a while. Feel how hard it is, how velvety the skin is!"

Adam watched in amazement as his little sister wrapped her small fingers around his slim shaft and began to move her hand backwards and forwards as she had seen her mother do. Good old Adamus - he knew how to control females all right!

"On the contrary, Adam! I'm not controlling your sister at all! I told you - every female has the need to be penetrated, they are attracted to an upright member like a bee is attracted to a flower. She is awakening, Adam. She will soon be ours!"

Indeed, Becky seemed to be totally fascinated by her brothers cock. Her little hand moved up and down and she smiled as a small pearl of clear fluid appeared at its tip. She gasped as her mother bent forward to lick the crystal drop off with the tip of her tongue. Marion looked at her daughter through drowsy, half-closed eyes. "Taste it, Becky!"

Another drop appeared from the tiny slit at the end of Adam's glans and he had to try very hard to prevent himself from coming as he felt his sister's darting tongue against his cock-end.

"Mommy, I feel sort of funny!" Becky murmured.

"Where honey?"

"My pee-pee feels sort of tingly!" The little girl said shyly.

Mommy will show you what big girls do when their pee-pees feel like that. Come sit on the bed next to me."

Becky reluctantly let go of Adam's cock and the little girl and her mother sat on the bed. Marion pulled her skirt up and spread her legs to expose her pussy.

"Mommy! You haven't got any panties on!" Becky giggled.

"Well I'm sure Adam will be only too pleased to help you out of yours too!" said her mother as she lifted the hem of the little girl's short pink skirt. Adam knelt on the floor beside the bed and reached for the waistband of his sisters panties. They were white with a design of "My Little Ponies" all over them. Adam had the fleeting thought that plump pussies must be a family characteristic because between his sister's podgy little legs there was a cotton-covered bulge that promised a cunt as plump and beautiful as her mothers.

He tugged the little 8 year old's panties down, threw them over his shoulder and pushed his sister's legs apart. Her little cunt was perfect - smooth and hairless, in total contrast to the hairy sex of her mother. Marion had her hand between her own thighs and was parting her puffy lips. Becky's pussy was tightly closed, there was no sign of her tiny inner lips. Marion reached her free hand down between the little girls thighs and expertly eased her slit open with two fingers so that her child's tiny clitoris was revealed.

"Just here, Becky. Is this where the tingle is? Just ... here?"

Becky gave a start as her mother's finger brushed over the little nub of flesh. "Ooooooh ... yes!! There! ... There!"

Adam heard Adamus whisper, "Lick her Adam! Lick your sister's cunt! She will soon be ready for us to FUCK!"

Adam could feel the faun's excitement. He wanted to thrust his cock into his sister now but he was willing to wait just a little longer. He bent his head between the little girl's thighs and lapped at her tiny clit, running his tongue up and down the sweet channel, down between her legs until he felt his tongue dip into her tiny opening and then up over the swollen button at the top of her cleft. He pushed his fingertip against the tight entrance and felt it go slightly inside. His sister gave a start but her mother soothed her - "Shhhh! It feels good my little one ... so good... !!"

Adam licked his finger, covering it with spittle and tried again. This time he was able to get his finger into her up to the first joint. All the time his tongue was lapping at the little girl's clitoris.

Marion had been fingering herself with one hand while she held her daughter's pussy spread with the other. Now she dipped two fingers inside herself and brought them out coated with a mixture of her own and her son's juices. She transferred them to her daughter's vulva, coating the child's sex and Adam worked the lubricant inside his sister's cunt.

Adamus hissed, "Now Adam! Take her maidenhead! Mount her! Deflower her! FUCK HER!!"

Adam grabbed the little girl's legs and bent them back towards her chest. She cried out but didn't struggle. His mother was urging him on - "Do it Adam! Get ready Becky! He's going to fuck you!"

Adam looked down between the little girl's spread thighs. Her tiny cunt gleamed with juices and his slim, rigid cock was poised at her opening. He thrust, entering his little sister up to the hilt in one unstopable movement. He heard her scream as he took her virginity and then he was fucking her wildly, feeling, to his astonishment, her little hips rising to meet his every thrust. His mother was craning forward to watch her son's cock as it appeared and disappeared inside her little daughter. All the time her fingers were moving frantically over her clitoris.

It was too savage and abandoned to last long. Adam felt the sperm surging up his shaft for the second time in an hour and he filled his sister's vagina with his hot seed, feeling it leaking out around his shaft as he came and came and came. Once again he saw the faun's penis pulsing in time with his own as Adamus shared the sensations but this time the jets of pearly fluid were aimed at his mother and she was receiving the offering over her heavy breasts. As Adam slumped to the floor he saw, to his amazement, his mother raise her breasts to her lips and lick the faun's seed off with an expression of pure ecstasy.

Becky was lying, stunned on the bed and Adam studied his mother carefully as she sat next to her daughter. She was running her tongue over her lips, seeking out the last traces of the faun's sperm. He felt Adamus leave his mind.

"Jesus!! Was that something else!!"

"And now we have added to our power with the penetration of a virgin, Adam. I think it is time for you to have a little power for yourself. My power is growing but we need more virgins to increase our control. It is time for you to drive some into my domain. Listen carefully."

Adam's bedroom looked like the aftermath of an orgy. Adamus sat on a chair, his huge penis hanging limply between his shaggy thighs. Adam sat on the floor at his feet, admiring the partially clothed bodies of his sister and mother who lay sleeping on his bed totally exhausted. Adam, his lust temporarily sated, quizzed his new friend about the power he had over females.

"This power - how do you use it? What do you have to do? Could I do it?"

Adamus smiled indulgently. "It is very simple, Adam. All females, as I explained, have a need to be penetrated. It is a drive which is stronger than hunger, stronger than thirst. But since our time - the time of the fauns - the drive has been pushed down, hidden, denied. But search out that need, uncover it, set it free ... and it will be the only thing she obeys. All you need to do is see the need inside her."

Adam frowned. "How can you seesomething like that?"

"Look at your mother, Adam"

Adam looked. She looked very sexy as she lay on the bed, her skirt still hiked up and her jet black bush matted with his sperm but he still couldn't see any "need""

"Look again, Adam. Look into her mind!"

Adam felt that strange itch as Adamus shared his mind. He felt his senses become sharper and looked at his mother again.Then, like an image suddenly coming into focus, he saw what Adamus was talking about. It was almost like one of those trick pictures that suddenly became a 3D image. He could see his mother's mind like a shifting cloud of vapour and in the very middle of it was a shining ring. Filling the centre of the ring was a burning blue rod.

"The lock and the key, Adam. That blue column is my maleness and while it is in her lock I am in total control of her. The stronger the need, the easier it is to insert my maleness. See Adam! Look how strong her need is! See how strongly it burns. Now look at your sister."

Adam turned his attention to the 8 year old girl lying next to his mother. And this time it was easy to see the little girl's need. This time the shape was less distinct - more glowing than burning. Sometimes the vapour obscured it completely.

"Try and control her, Adam. Put your key into her lock!"

And Adam found that he could! As if by magic a slim, faint blue shape floated across the space between himself and his little sister and merged with the glowing need. Adam saw that it was a very loose fit and he had to concentrate hard to keep the rod- shaped key visible but he did it. He was vaguely aware of his sister's thoughts - a sense of wonder about what had happened to her, excitement and a feeling of wetness - and understood how Adamus was able to read minds.

"Very good, young Adam! Now try it by yourself."

Adam felt the faun leave his mind and he tried again. He could do it! He could see both of their drives - their "locks" - and he managed to insert his key into his sister's.

"Excellent!" Adamus was smiling with satisfaction. "Your power is still quite weak but it will grow with every virgin you deflower. Every female you penetrate adds to your power - our power - but a virgin adds so much more than any other."

"Woweee!! I can have any woman I want now. I'm going over to Larry's place right now! Shit - I can't wait to get my cock into that cute sister of his!"

Adamus threw his head back and laughed. "Not so fast my young ram! Your power is far too weak for that. You can suggest - these females will certainly go along with suggestions that are not too far from their own wishes, things they would not balk at doing every day - but you are a long way from controlling anybody."

Adam scowled. "Oh shit!! So how am I going to increase my powers?"

Adamus smiled and explained exactlywhat Adam was to do.

...

"Hi Adam! What brings you here?" Mrs Fellowes smiled at the young boy at her front door.

"I just wondered if Melanie was in, Mrs Fellowes. I need to talk to her about the science project we're doing at school."

Adam looked at the middle-aged woman in front of him and, almost instantly, he could make out her "core" as Adamus had termed it. It didn't burn like his mothers - obviously Mr Fellowes was keeping her well fucked and satisfied - but Adam knew that once his power was strong enough he would be able to enter it, harness it and control her absolutely if he wanted to. She had bigger tits than his mother - perhaps he would be back in the future. She went in search of her daughter and Adam smiled as he recalled the way he had seen the desire for sex evident in every woman he had passed on the way to Melanie's house. He had seen a "core" in every mind and had been amazed to see that even old Mrs Fowler, the elderly widow who lived on the corner, still had a desire to be fucked. Amazingly, her "core" seemed to have got slightly brighter when she smiled and wished him "Good morning!"

"What about the project Adam?" Melanie had appeared at the door. She was in the same class as Adam at school and lived a few streets away. Adam and his friends often joked about "fat girl Melanie" and it was true that the blonde 11 year old was, perhaps, the wrong side of "chubby". Despite the jokes, the boys loved watching the way her fat little kiddytits jiggled as she ran around on the tennis court.

Adam looked at his classmate and was amazed at what he saw. Her "core" burned with an intensity that outshone even that of his mother. At its centre was a blinding, pure-white light. Adam had asked the faun how he would know a virgin when he saw one and Adamus had simply replied, "Oh, you'll know, Adam. Believe me, you'll know!" Now he saw what the faun had meant. He concentrated and saw the blue rod of his maleness float towards the girl's mind. It slid into place and Adam fancied that the girl's eyes widened slightly.

"I'd like you to come to my house to help me with my project" It was almost a command, just overstrong for a suggestion, but Melanie responded immediately. "Sure! Let's go!"

As they walked the couple of streets to Adam's house the boy could hardly contain his excitement. He kept sneaking glances across at his companion. Those fat little titties were jiggling nicely - she was too small for a bra and the tight halter-necked top showed their shape nicely - and the matching pink shorts she was wearing clung to her fat little rump very provocatively. Adam felt his cock rising and noticed that the blue rod got slightly bigger and brighter. That was the secret! The hornier he was - the greater the maleness he transmitted - the more any female would be under his control.

As they entered the driveway to Adam's house he saw a change come over his companion. Her eyes took on the same stare that he had seen in his mother's eyes when she had stood beside his bed earlier. Melanie had entered the faun's domain and he was taking control. Adam saw his own rod replaced by the dominant blue key of Adamus in the girl's core.

They entered the house. Melanie seemed to know exactly where she was going - Adam followed her into the sitting room. His mother and sister were sitting, stark naked, on a couple of chairs - one in each corner of the room. Melanie halted and stood docilely in the middle of the room.

"Let us see what we have got!" the faun murmured, "She is very ... ripe! Just ready for plucking!"

Adam watched, his erection growing, as Melanie took off her top. Her chubby little mounds were topped by pale, flat nipples. Her plump belly swelled over the top of her shorts. She hooked her thumbs into the elasticated waistband and pulled them down. Adam swallowed hard, watching as the pale pink cotton panties followed. Now the 11 year old girl was naked but for a pair of sandals. Adam looked down between her legs. There was just the faintest hint of peachy fuzz on her fat little mound, just at the top of her tightly closed slit.

"I think it is time you learned how a female pleasures herself. It will help you to satisfy them, to know how and where they like to be touched. Watch!"

Adam could hardly believe his eyes. Melanie sat back on the sofa and opened her legs wide. She spread her fat little outer lips with one hand and began to run the middle finger of her other hand up and down between them. Her eyes were tightly closed and she was beginning to breathe heavily.

Adam whispered, "You mean girlsdo that to themselves? Play with themselves?"

Adamus seemed surprised at his innocence. "Surely you did not think that only boys satisfied their lust like this! This one has been doing this two or three times a day for the last year or so! She would display her breasts for you and your friends and watch your pizzles grow stiff and she would feel lust. This is how she sates her lust. Every night, while you lie in your bed and play with yourself this young female is lying in herbed doing this. Watch and learn!"

Adam knelt between the girl's podgy knees and watched her fingers moving over her cunt, saw her teasing her clitoris with a fingertip, saw her inner lips blossom, saw the gleam of her juices, smelt her excitement. He glanced around and saw that his mother and little sister were following her example. His 8 year old sister was rubbing herself frantically while his mother finger-fucked herself, the two fingers she was thrusting inside herself were slippery with her juice and she grunted each time she buried them up to the hilt.

Adam could hold back no longer. He grabbed Melanie's hand and pushed it out of the way. He was desperate to get his cock up her fat little pussy. Roughly he forced her legs wide open before grabbing his shaft and pushing it down towards her entrance. His cock seemed to have grown thicker, longer. He could feel rough hair against his hands. His pubes had grown since yesterday! Adam felt his cock against his schoolmate's cunt. The boy looked down into his classmate's eyes - she was smiling up at him with an expression of dreamy surrender.

He heard her whisper, "Do it to me, Adam! Put it inside me!" The 11 year old needed no second invitation and he thrust cruelly into her. She cried out as he took her virginity and he saw the white heart of her core explode in a shower of light. Then he was thrusting wildly, feeling his balls - which seemed to be bigger too - slapping against the girl's plump cheeks as he slammed into her.

He glanced around. His mother was on all fours and Adamus was behind her, his huge, curved cock aimed at her sex. Holding his shaft and directing it towards the waiting orifice, was Adam's little sister. Her other hand was holding her tiny cunt open and the faun has his finger inside her. Adam heard his mother cry out as she was impaled on the monster penis. Then, to his amazement, she started to thrust back against the faun, forcing more and more of the massive organ up inside her.

Adam was thrusting faster and faster into Melanie. God, she was tight! It was as if his cock had swelled to enormous proportions! He placed his hand on one of her small tits and squeezed, feeling the tiny nipple grow and stiffen."

Faun and boy kept pace, matching thrust for thrust until they both gave a cry and emptied their seed deep inside their respective females. Adam felt the fat 11 year old bucking under him as she reached her own climax. He slid out of her, exhausted. He looked over at Adamus. The faun was lying contentedly as Adam's mother licked the last traces of their combined juices from his shaft. Her daughter was lapping the same mixture direct from her mother's sex.

Something occured to Adam. "You told me that fauns were forbidden to penetrate human females. You said you couldn't fuck my mother by yourself!"

"So now I am not completely faun - now I am part human. A little deception Adam. I shared your mind and stole just a little part. I have that gift from you - I am now, in just a tiny part, human - but as long as I am, even by the smallest amount, human I can penetrate human females. You have a gift from me that means you are part faun"

"What! What part? What..."

Adam suddenly understood. He looked down and saw that his penis, only a slim 4" this morning, now hung down a good 7" and that was flaccid!

"And now you have the power as well. This second virgin has given you almost as much power as me. Use it well Adam"

Adam made a move towards his mother but the Adamus snarled, "Back!! Fauns have their own collection of females and these two are mine. I will take the other girl too if you don't want her again!"

Adam was furious but it lasted only a moment. He remembered Mrs Fellowes and her big tits, Larry's sister and her cute, tight, 16 year old buttocks, even old Mrs Fowler - the world was full of women just waiting to be penetrated by a well-endowed boy! He heard his mother moaning with renewed lust as Adamus set about catching up on a milennia of abstinence. Adam was already halfway down the driveway before his sister felt her recently broken maidenhead probed by a hairy curved phallus. The faun had three willing females - Adam had the whole world to explore.

Adam was pleased with his bargain.