Chapter 1
Posted: April 20, 2015 - 08:20:01 am
Updated: July 30, 2015 - 09:24:09 am

Charles Ralston was an ordinary kid, living an ordinary life in the suburbs of an ordinary town in America. At seventeen Charles was tall, reasonably handsome, physically fit, and socially acceptable. He wasn't a jock, but he wasn't a nerd ... in fact, he was an average high school senior looking forward to graduating and going off to college. The fact he had better than average grades helped. It meant that he got along with his teachers and with most other kids at his school. It also meant that he might get a scholarship, which would be great considering how things were economically, and it also meant that people took notice of him; not enough notice to attract bullying, but enough to attract some pretty girlfriends.

Charles lived with his parents and younger sister just a couple of blocks away from his school. This made life easy every morning and allowed Charles to come home for lunch if he wanted. It was a nice, clean, middle-class neighbourhood made up of cookie cutter homes. His dad, Ted Ralston, was a bank manager at a national branch. He worked hard to support his family. His mother, Caroline Ralston, was a librarian at the local college, bringing in the extra income needed to keep the family afloat. Still, all things considered life was good at home. His parents loved him but gave him a lot of slack and his sister, Melissa, rarely got underfoot, so all in all, Charles had very little to complain about.

Of course, that was before Charles landed into a very awkward situation.

The first sign that something was wrong was one Monday morning, late in the final semester of Charles' senior year. Charles was sleeping and as he slept, he dreamt. He dreamt about Amy Winters, a fellow senior and the hottest chick on the school's cheer squad. In his dream, Charles had finally gotten lucky with the ever popular, bodacious teen. Amy had agreed to have sex with him and as the dream played out, Charles imagined that he was lying on his back in his bed, naked with Amy kneeling between his legs. Amy was naked as well and the sight of her was making Charles horny. Charles smiled with pleasure as Amy lowered her face into his groin. His smile grew as her warm mouth engulfed his raging hard-on. It was a good dream, or it was until that awkward thing happened.

So there Charles was that fateful morning, happily dreaming about Amy Winters giving him a wonderfully wet, incredibly fantastic blowjob, her tongue getting his dick slick with her saliva before she engulfed it, taking him into her warm, hungry mouth with the head of his dick teasing her tonsils. It was awesome! Of course, Charles knew it was a dream. In his waking mind, he could sense it. However, it was a good dream and he was going to enjoy it to the end. His imagination let Charles visualize Amy naked. He saw her firm round teenage breasts and her plump, hard nipples, and her pubes covered in a down of blonde, curly hairs. The visualization helped enflame his desires and as the dream progressed, Charles knew that he was on the verge of a major wet dream. Then it happened, one minute it was Amy's head bobbing up and down over his groin and the next moment it was his mother's face.

That image made Charles gasp out in his sleep. His cock twitched and he almost came right there and then.

Charles rarely dreamt about his mother. It wasn't because she wasn't good looking or anything like that, because for a mom, she wasn't that bad to look at, especially when she was all dressed up or in a bikini; and it wasn't because he thought that dreaming about one's mother or sister was perverted. Charles had read enough, both academically and on the web to know that people sometimes dreamed things that appeared awkward, but in reality, those things were normal. After all, you can't control where your subconscious decides to go when you're sound asleep. He did know however that his mother was his mother and that was that, and that anything beyond, especially something sexual, just didn't register with Charles. Still, the image of his mother sucking him off was nice.

It was even nicer when she slipped from between his legs and straddled his waist. Charles gasped once more in his dream as his mother took hold of his throbbing cock and slipped it into her warm, wet pussy. Instinctively, Charles' cock jerked and with a very audible groan, Charles started to climax.

"That's it Charles," his mother murmured softly as she sank down on his shaft. "Fill me with your cum!"

That is when Charles woke. He woke to the sensation of blowing his load and the feeling of a wet, hot pussy milking his appendage dry.

"What the..." Charles muttered as his eyes fluttered open.

"That's it Charles..." groaned his mother once more, rising and falling on his cock as she did, "fill me with your cum!"

Charles eyes went wide. In the dim light of the early dawn, he saw his mother. She was straddling his waist and she was naked. Her small, round breasts bounced slightly as she rose and fell over him. Her hands were pressed against his chest, pinning him down while supporting her body as she fucked him. Her dark, plump nipples jutted toward him, displaying her arousal. Without thought, Charles's eyes drifted downward, gazing between the arms that held him in place. They fell to where his mother was joined to him. He stared in disbelief at the dark triangle of hair that rested just above his lower abdomen. Instinctively, his cock twitched again and Charles came a second time.

"Yes," declared his mother, increasing her pace as the second load of sperm flooded her womb. "Fill me up with your warm, gooey spunk."

"Mom... !" Charles cried out frantically, his voice filled with anxious disbelief.

"Oh god that feels so good!" gasped his mother, tossing her head back as she cried out. Then her body trembled and she came.

His mother continued to bounce up and down for the next couple of minutes, grinding her pussy against his belly as she did. Amazingly she came twice more. As she did, she moaned and groaned her pleasure. Charles just laid there and said nothing. His mind was too blown away to do otherwise.

"Yes..." she cried out over and over again, "must fuck ... must have sex ... must come. God this is good!"

Then it was over. With one last gasp of ecstasy and a shiver of pleasure that rumbled down her spine and into her pussy, sending a jolt of pleasure to Charles' spent rod, his mother collapsed. She fell flat against Charles' naked form and laid there panting with exhaustion.

"Mom?" Charles whispered after a moment or two of silence. There was no response.

"Mom!" Charles called out in a slightly louder, yet firmer voice. This time his mother responded. She let out a snort and then a sigh.

His mother was asleep.

Charles laid there for a moment, silently bearing the weight of his mother's naked, slumbering form. His mind was filled with confusion. What had just happened?

Had his mother been sleepwalking? Had she been dreaming about having sex with Charles and because of that, this is what had happened? Should he wake her up? If he did, would she freak out? God, this was awkward.

Charles was afraid and that fear held him in his bed, confused and filled with indecision.

Yet he knew that he couldn't stay where he was. Even now, his spent cock had softened enough to pop out of his mother's cum filled pussy. He sensed it dangling, wet and cold between his parted thighs. That knowledge caused his cock to twitch again. No, he cried silently to himself.

His mind was racing. He wanted to move his mother off of him, but he feared touching her naked body. What if he touched her and she woke? How would he explain his hands grasping her naked flesh, and what if she had been sleepwalking, and when he moved her, she woke to find her pussy filled with his spent loads. Charles knew that she would freak all over him. Still he couldn't stay there forever.

It was an awkward situation, but Charles knew that he needed to do something. Time was ticking by and if he stayed where he was, he knew that all hell would break loose. After all, his father had to be awake somewhere in the house. What if he walked in looking for his wife and saw them together like this? He'd go ballistic! Moreover, Charles thought to himself, what about Melissa? If his father started screaming, his sister would wake. Then she would barge in and see what had happened.

Charles had to move!

Gently, and with the utmost care, Charles moved his mother off of him. Taking and wrapping his arms about his mother's back, Charles clasped her naked form to him, as he shifted his body towards the outside of his bed. As he did, he carefully rolled his mother's limp, slumbering frame towards the inside of the bed and towards the bedroom wall. It took a minute or two, but in the end, it worked.

Charles slipped out of bed and stood up. Instinctively, he grabbed a pair of discarded gym shorts that he had left lying on the floor beside his bed. Quickly, he pulled them on. Then he turned and looked down at his mother.

His mother was still asleep. A smile was on her face. It was a smile of contentment. Charles eyes panned over her slumbering form and curiosity forced Charles to gaze where he shouldn't have. A soft glow seemed to rise off of her. Charles smiled to himself. His mother was beautiful.

As he stood there, silently appreciating the sight of his mother's naked form, his vision moved down over his mother's naked bosom. They were small, round and slightly saggy, but they appealed to Charles' teenage desires. As far as he was concerned, they were nice. Then his gaze moved on. Eventually, they fell to his mother's crotch. Her thighs were slightly apart and Charles saw that the thick patch of pubic hair that covered his mother's sex was glistening with wetness. He knew that the wetness was his mother's juices, fluids that had flowed freely from her as she had climaxed over and over again. He also knew that some of the wetness was his spent cum. Suddenly, a pang of guilt filled him.

Grabbing his housecoat, Charles laid it over his mother's naked form. Then he turned away and headed towards his bedroom door. As he did, Charles grabbed a change of clothing that he had laid out the night before, picking it up off a chair that sat beside his bedroom door.

Charles' intent was to let his mother sleep. He would sneak into the bathroom and get ready for school. He would then try and get out of the house before she woke. If nothing else, Charles hoped to get out of the house without having to face the awkward situation of explaining what had happened to his father and his sister. If he were lucky, his father would already be gone and he would be able to avoid any questions about where his mother was. If he wasn't gone, Charles hoped that he would be able to bluff his father. Of course, then there was his sister. He would have to deal with her as well. Fortunately, Melissa was a typical sixteen year old and morning wasn't the best time of the day for her. Hopefully, she wouldn't notice that their mother wasn't around this morning.

If Charles was lucky ... and he hoped he would be, then he would get out of the house without anyone realizing what had happened that morning. True his mother would eventually waken and she would know that something had happened, especially when she felt the dry cum clinging to her pussy hair, but hopefully she would keep her mouth shut. At least, he hoped that she would remain silent until they had a chance to talk about it, in private.

That was what Charles hoped for, unfortunately, fate decided that today Charles wasn't going to get a break. In fact, things got really awkward right after he opened his bedroom door and stepped out.

Carefully, Charles pulled the door shut behind him as he stepped into the hallway outside his bedroom. He heard it snap closed. No noise came from the bedroom. Charles let out a heavy sigh of relief.

Thank you, he whispered softly, raising his eyes up towards the ceiling. God laughed in return.

A sudden noise startled Charles causing him to jump. As he did, he dropped the clothing that he had carried out of his room. Even as he glanced about in wonder, the noise came again. The noise was a creaking sound that was coming from his parents' bedroom. It was a familiar sound. It was the sound of someone having sex. Someone was having sex in his parents' bedroom.

The relief that Charles had been feeling slipped away.

Charles turned towards his parents' bedroom door. Cautiously, he took a step towards it. A faint groan filled the air. A groan of pleasure that sounded very much like it was coming from a woman. Charles suddenly felt very anxious. Who was in his parents' bedroom? He knew exactly where his mother was, for he had just left her passed out in his bed, so he knew that it wasn't his mother. Yet the voice sounded familiar to Charles. Someone was having sex. The question was who?

Charles came to a halt outside of his parents' bedroom door. The door was partially open and Charles had a clear view of the master bed. He cautiously took a look.

Charles gasped with surprise. His mouth opened and his eyes became locked on what was going on in the bedroom. There on the surface of the master bed was his father. His father was totally naked and he was having sex. He was having sex doggie style with Charles' sixteen year old sister, Melissa. His father had his hands clasped to his sister's youthful hips and he was pumping away at her with all his might, and his sister, she was taking it with a big grin on her face.

Melissa was kneeling at the foot of the master bed and she was holding on to the footboard with all her strength. She was naked, just like her father and totally oblivious to everything but the fact that her father was pumping into her young, teenage pussy. Her eyes were closed, and her head bobbed about with every thrust of her father's cock, and other than some soft moaning and groaning, she didn't say a word.

Charles just stood there and watched.

While he watched, his mind reeled with shock and bewilderment. It was shocking because a teenager never expects to walk in on their parent having sex, and it was bewildering because it blew clear out of the water, his theory about why his mother had fucked him this morning. After all, he could have accepted the thought that his mother had fucked him while sleepwalking. Such a thing wasn't unheard of on the internet or in the news. Unfortunately, what was happening before his eyes made the whole situation even more awkward.

What was even more awkward was the fact that he was getting a hard-on again.

Charles knew it was wrong. Melissa was his baby sister, even if she was only ten months younger, and while she seemed to be enjoying it, the fact was that the man fucking her was their father. That made it incest and that was wrong. Yet the sight of her tight, firm teenage body jiggling back and forth under the amorous assault of their father was causing something to stir.

He knew he should leave. He knew it was wrong to watch, but he stayed. He stayed and he watched in silence, getting harder and harder as his father banged away at his sister and his sister took it with a smile.

Then suddenly his father came and silence was broken.

"Oh my god, honey... !" his father grunted loudly, "I'm coming!"

"Yes Daddy, yes!" cried Melissa, tossing her head from side to side, in response. "Fill me with your baby making cum!"

"Oh god yes," screamed his father, ploughing deep into Melissa as he came. "Must fuck ... must have sex ... must come. God this is good!"

"Yes," whispered Melissa in reply, "must fuck ... must have sex ... must come."

Then as her father pumped into her pussy once more, Melissa tossed her head back and she keened out her orgasm as she too started to come.

"God this is good!" she cried out, "Oh my fucking god, this is fantastic!"

"Yes," bellowed Charles' father once more, "must fuck ... must have sex ... must come. God this is good!"

"Yes..." parroted his sister as a second wave of pleasure hit her, "must fuck ... must have sex ... must come. God this is good!"

Then it was over. His father shuddered once and then fell backwards onto the surface of the master bed. His spent rod popped out of Melissa's tight, teenage pussy. Melissa sighed softly as it left her body. Wasted she let herself slip off of the bed and onto the floor. She laid there panting for breath.

Charles blinked. God, he thought to himself, what is going on? Then he thought some more and silently thanked God. His father had raped his sister! Charles knew it had to be rape, it just had to be, regardless of what he had seen, and the pleasure he had heard emanating from his sister's lips ... but Melisa was safe. He remembered ... his father had gotten a vasectomy after Melissa had been born. There was no baby making cum. Melissa was safe. Charles sighed with relief.

Suddenly fate reared its head once more and Melissa stirred. As she sprawled herself out on the floor, her eyes fluttered open for a moment and her gaze fell on Charles. A smile slowly formed on her lips.

Charles felt a shiver run down his back. No ... he thought to himself, shaking his head in disbelief.

"Charlie... !" his sister exclaimed eagerly.

Charles said nothing in reply. He was too stunned by what he had seen to react and too bewildered by what was going on to think straight. Dumbfounded, he just stood there and stared at his sister.

"Charlie..." his sister called again. As she spoke, she pushed herself up off of the floor.

Charlie again failed to reply. Still, while he might have been mute, Charles certainly wasn't blind. His eyes were fixed upon his little sister. He saw her as she lifted her sweat covered body off of the floor. He saw her youthful, heaving bosom capped with plump erect nipples and her mound covered in dark locks.

His sister was now kneeling on the floor, staring back at him. A very serious look was upon her face.

"Charlie..." Melissa mewed softly, "help me ... please!"

Help. His sister had just asked for help. Charles blinked in surprise at his sister's words.

"Please Charlie..." Melissa pleaded, extending her arms towards him as she spoke, "Please help me!"

Charles instinctively stepped into the room. Things might be all fucked up but his sister needed him. There was nothing else he could do.

"What's going on, Melissa?" Charles asked as he walked over to where his sister was kneeling.

"Daddy popped my cherry, Charlie," Melissa said in reply, looking up at Charles as he came to a halt in front of her.

"But why... ?" Charles started to say.

He never finished his question. Instead, as he spoke, he glanced from his sister and looked over to where his dad was lying. As he did, Melissa moved. Like a serpent she struck and there was nothing Charles could do to stop her.

Suddenly, as her brother's eyes moved their gaze from her, Melissa sprung into action. Reaching out she grabbed hold of Charles' shorts and with a quick tug, pulled them down. As she did, Charles' rock hard cock popped out of hiding. It bobbed invitingly before Melissa's face.

"Hey!" Charles cried out in surprise, responding to his sister's attack. As he spoke he automatically stepped backwards, trying to escape her clutches. That was a mistake. With his shorts down about is calves, he stumbled. The next thing Charles knew was that he was falling.

Bam! He landed on his ass and back.

Melissa continued to move. As her brother flopped on the floor, she leapt on him. As she did, Melissa murmured in a low voice the same repetitive chant that she and her father had just cried out as they were coming.

"Must fuck ... must have sex ... must come!" exclaimed Melissa as she yanked Charles' shorts completely off him. Then without another word, she engulfed Charles' throbbing hard cock.

"Mel?" Charles cried out in surprise, as his cock became nested in the warm, ravenous orifice that was his sister's mouth.

"Yes," gasped Melissa as she pulled her mouth off of Charles cock. "You taste like mom's pussy. That's good ... must fuck ... must have sex ... must come."

Then without taking another breath, Melissa dropped her head into Charles' lap once more and she started to suck.

Oh my god, thought Charles to himself. He stared in wonder at his little sister, amazed at her ability to deep throat his manhood and horrified by her comment. Had she actually tasted their mother's pussy he wondered. Oh god, that is so wrong! Oh, sweet Jesus, that feels great!

The blowjob lasted for the next couple of minutes, during which Charles just laid on the floor and accepted what his sister was doing to him. After all, he still didn't know what was going on, and he figured protesting and making a scene wasn't going to get him any answers. So he lay there willingly, and accepted his sister's incestuous attention in hopes that a sated sister would be agreeable to give him a few answers.

Unfortunately, Charles didn't reckon on what his sister wanted.

Thus after slurping and sucking his cock to the verge of bursting, and after playing with his balls while she blew him, Melissa decided to take things up a notch.

"Must fuck ... must have sex ... must come!" intoned Melissa as she pulled Charles' cock out of her mouth.

"What the... ?" stammered Charles.

Melissa didn't answer. Instead she crawled up from where she had been kneeling between Charles' legs and moved over him until she was straddling his crotch. Then holding Charles' erection in her grip, she lowered herself down onto his stiff manhood, impaling herself as she did.

"God," muttered Charles as his sister's tight, youthful pussy wrapped itself around his cock. It was warm and it was wonderful and it felt great.

Instinctively, as pleasure rippled through Charles' body, fuelled by the carnal embrace of his sister's warm, welcoming orifice gripping his raging member, Charles threw his arms up, to take hold of his sister. In his mind he wanted to pull her off of him. It didn't go that way. As his hand's reached towards Melissa, Melissa took hold of them, drawing them towards her.

"Yes," hissed Melissa, a grin of ecstasy forming upon her lips, as she drew Charles' hands to her youthful bosom. "That feels great! Oh my yes! Must fuck ... must have sex ... must come."

"Yes," murmured his father in a deep voice, stirring from where he had been lying. "Must fuck ... must have sex ... must come."

"Melissa," Charles cried out frantically, "why is this happening?"

"It feels good, Charlie," gasped Melissa, in between rising and falling on his cock. "Your cock feels so good in my pussy and I need it. I need to fuck ... I need to have sex ... I need to come! We all need to come! Please fill me with your come Charlie. Please fuck me ... please have sex with me ... please come!"

"But why?" groaned Charles in protest, fighting to retain control over himself, as his sister rose and fell upon his throbbing manhood, milking it with her vaginal muscles.

"Come for me Charlie, come for me!" Melissa chanted, interrupting Charles' confused questions.

"Come for her, Charles" intoned his father, who was now sitting on the edge of the bed, stroking his manhood as he watched his children couple.

"Yes Charlie ... it feels so good!" sighed Melissa, running her fingers over her naked body as she rose once more and sank down upon Charles' cock.

"Oh my god... !" exclaimed Charles loudly as his cock started to twitch violently deep with in Melissa's tight, squeezing orifice, spewing forth his load into his sister's womb.

"Yes ... yes ... yes!" cried out Melissa as she felt her brother's warm fluids fill her. "Fuck me Charlie, have sex with me Charlie, oh come for me Charlie!"

And with that Melissa came.

"Yes Charles," murmured his father softly, just over the sighs and groans of his daughter's climax. "Fuck her Charles, have sex with her Charles, come for her Charles."

"God yes!" cried Charles loudly as his cock exploding once more into his sister's depths. "I'm coming for you Mel!"

It was over now. Charles had spent his load for the fourth time that morning and he had nothing left to give. He laid there gasping for breath as his sister slid off of him, slumping to the carpeted floor beside him.

"That was so good!" murmured his father, standing up as he spoke.

Yeah it was good, thought Charles in response, yet ... still he shouldn't have let it happen. It was wrong to have let his sister fuck him. It was really wrong.

"That was good!" intoned his father again. "Must fuck ... must have sex ... must come."

"What?" asked Charles, gazing up from where he was lying, his eyes fixed upon his father in a questioning manner.

His father was standing there, gazing back down at him. His father's hand was wrapped about his cock and he was stroking himself hard.

"Must fuck ... must have sex ... must come!" his father chanted once more, his eyes glazed with desire.

Charles eyes widened with horror. A thought filled his mind and it was not something he wanted to think about. Panicked, Charles pushed himself up off of the floor, moving away from his father as he did.

"Must fuck ... must have sex ... must come!" intoned his father once more. His father stepped towards him.

"What the fuck is going on here?" demanded Charles as he continued to back away from his father.

"We must fuck Charles..." his father replied, "we must have sex and we must come!"

"No... !" Charles cried out vehemently. "Leave me alone!"

At that Charles turned and ran. He ran down the hallway and then down the flight of stairs that led to the main floor. He didn't stop there. Panic filled him and a great deal of fear. His mind was racing and all he could think of was getting away from his father. He kept running.

Charles ran through the kitchen and out the backdoor. He needed to find help. There had to be someone out there who could help him. But who?

He stopped for one second and took a deep breath. As he did, he looked around. Instinctively, his eyes fell on his neighbour's house. A light popped on in his mind. Charles started to run again. He ran out his back gate and across his neighbour's driveway. He headed straight for their backdoor.

Katherine Taylor was Charles' neighbour and a long time friend of his family. She was a single mother of twin sixteen year old daughters who were total hotties. She was also a registered nurse. That was why Charles had headed towards her house. If anyone could help him, Katherine could.

Reaching the outside door, Charles grabbed hold of it and wrenched it open. Then without thinking, Charles pushed open the interior door and ran inside. He ran directly into the Taylor's kitchen. Suddenly he came to a halt.

"What the... ? Charles stammered aloud as his eyes fell upon the scene that awaited him in the Taylor's kitchen.

To his utter surprise, he found the Taylor women engaged in sex. Jennifer Taylor, the youngest of the twins was lying on the family's kitchen table, totally naked. Her soft café-au-lait skin glistened with a fine sheen of perspiration and Charles realized immediately that Jennifer was in the throws of an orgasm. She was climaxing because her mother was making love to her.

Katherine Taylor was also naked. She was bent over the table and her face was buried in her daughter's crotch. Charles stared in silent disbelief as Katherine Taylor fingered Jennifer's pussy and licked her clit. He also stared and watched as Anna Taylor made love to her mother.

The eldest twin was kneeling on the floor beneath the kitchen table, positioned so that her face was buried in her mother's crotch. Eagerly, Anna lapped up at her mother's sex. As she did, Anna fisted her mother's pussy. With a hand encased in a surgical glove, the girl moved her hand in and out of her mother's vagina, pumping into her slowly as her mouth suckled her mother's clit.

It was an awesome sight and it stopped Charles in his tracks. Instantly his eyes grew wide with the vision of the three lovelies entwined in incestuous lust and his cheeks flushed in response to his sense of awkwardness.

Of course, the three women immediately noticed the arrival of Charles. The outside door had slammed loudly behind him as he had barged into the house and his cry of disbelief ensured that the three women took note of him. Responding, they ceased their amorous play and turned their attention towards Charles.

"Charles," Katherine Taylor muttered as she stood up from licking her daughter's pussy. Turning to face him, a broad grin formed on her cum smeared face.

"Charles!" exclaimed Jennifer Taylor as she slipped off of the kitchen table and stood naked beside her mother.

"Charles!" exclaimed Anna Taylor as she pulled her fist out of her mother's pussy and then scrambled on to her feet.

Silently, they stood for a moment and gazed expectantly towards Charles. A broad grin formed on each of their faces, and Charles noted where they were staring. Fear filled him once more and suddenly Charles felt the need to flee again.

"Nice cock!" declared all three Taylor women simultaneously.

Charles blushed, his cheeks turning bright red. He had forgotten that he was naked. In his fear and panic, he had fled his house without putting on any clothing. Embarrassed, Charles instinctively placed his hands over his groin, hiding his manhood from the wanton gaze of the Taylor women.

"Ms. Taylor," Charles said, taking a step backward as he spoke, "what is going on here?"

"Must fuck Charles!" replied Katherine Taylor, taking a step towards Charles as she spoke. "Must have sex ... must come Charles!"

"Must fuck ... must have sex ... must come ... Charles!" Jennifer and Anna Taylor intoned a second later. As they did, they took a step towards him as well.

"Stop!" screamed Charles in protest, raising his hand defensively towards the three women as he spoke. "Stop right there!"

To Charles' amazement, all three women stopped in mid step.

A minute passed with Charles staring at them in disbelief. That minute passed without the three women moving and it passed without them intoning the chant that everyone seemed to be repeating. Another minute passed with Charles wondering what was going on, and in the end, it took another minute of bewildered wondering for Charles to realize that his command had stopped the Taylor's in their tracks.

Charles scratched his head and blinked. He had done it. He had stopped them with a command. Did that mean that he controlled them? Did that mean that he controlled everyone? Did that mean ... was he responsible for what was happening? He had read enough on-line porn to know the basic plot of most 'mind controller' stories, and he knew that what was happening fit the basic premise. Charles needed to know ... was he causing this to happen.

"Tell me," Charles said in a commanding voice, "who told you to fuck and to have sex, and to come?"

"The Master of Earth did!" declared the Taylor's simultaneously.

"And who is the Master of Earth?" Charles demanded to know.

"He is the Master of Earth!" replied the three as one.

"Ms. Taylor," Charles said, directing his words towards Katherine Taylor, "tell me, do you know the real name of the Master of Earth?"

Katherine Taylor blinked several times in response. Her face began to twitch as she thought about what was asked of her.

"No!" she declared firmly after a moment or two.

"Am I the Master of Earth?" Charles asked bluntly, ignoring the knot of anxiousness that was forming in his stomach.

Again Katherine Taylor hesitated for a moment or two before replying and again, her face twisted as she thought about the question.

"No!" replied Katherine Taylor after a very long pause.

Charles let out a sigh of relief. Suddenly the knot that had been forming in his stomach disappeared.

He wasn't the one causing this to happen. That was good. At least he didn't have to blame himself for what had happened earlier. He wasn't at fault for having sex with his mother and sister, and he certainly hadn't commanded his father to have sex with him. That was good to know. Still somebody had ordered people to have sex, and while it appeared that Charles was unaffected, it also appeared to have affected more than just his family.

"Do you know where to find the Master of Earth?" Charles asked, gazing from one Taylor to another as he spoke.

"No.!" declared the three, answering in unison.

Damn, thought Charles to himself. He needed more information. He needed to find out who the 'Master of Earth' was and where he could find him. If he was going to put things right ... and that was his deepest desire, then he needed to learn this stuff. Unfortunately, he knew that he wasn't going to find the answers here. The three Taylor's knew nothing other than they had been commanded to have sex. That was it, and while he could try and ask the same questions of his own family, deep down Charles was pretty certain that they would give him the same answers.

There had to be another way of finding out. Somehow, he needed to find this 'Master of Earth' and put an end to it. The question was how?

Suddenly Charles winced with pain. Throwing his left hand up, he pressed it to his forehead. As he did, he bent over as if he was going to be sick and clutched the kitchen counter with his other hand. His head throbbed with what felt like a massive headache. Then as quickly as it had appeared, the pain passed. Sighing with relief, he straightened up and glanced around, wondering what had just happened.

"Work ... clean ... tidy!" exclaimed Katherine Taylor without warning.

"School ... school ... school!" Jennifer and Anna Taylor chanted all of a sudden.

"What... ?" muttered Charles in disbelief.

What was happening now?

The Taylor's began to move.

To Charles' amazement, Katherine Taylor turned and walked silently over to the pantry that adjoined her kitchen. A moment later, she returned carrying a broom. As she returned to the room, her daughters' started walking. They walked right by Charles, chanting 'school ... school ... school'. They headed straight for the backdoor.

"Stop!" ordered Charles as Jennifer Taylor reached out to push open the outer door.

Everyone stopped.

"Did you just receive new orders from the Master of Earth?" Charles demanded to know.

"Yes!" replied the Taylor's as one.

"And you've been ordered to go to school?" Charles asked, directing his question to the twins.

"Yes!" replied Jennifer and Anna simultaneously, turning back to face him.

"You've been ordered to school..." Charles stated loudly, "without any clothing and without your school bags and lunch!"

"Yes!" replied the twins.

Charles bit his lip for a moment and thought.

"Are you receiving any other orders?" Charles asked after a second or two.

"No," replied the Taylor's, "we are receiving no other commands."

"Good," stated Charles firmly, slapping his hands together as he spoke. "Jennifer and Anna, you are not to go to school today. You are to stay home and help your mother clean the house. Once the house is clean, you may take a shower and get dressed. Until I tell you otherwise, you will not have sex. You can study or watch television or just read, but you will not have sex. Do you understand? You will be good for me."

"Yes Master!" declared Jennifer and Anna without hesitation.

Charles blinked. Was that what he was? Was he a Master? Was he like the person who had done this to the Taylor's and his family?

His family! Melissa would be going to school as well. He needed to stop her. He didn't know what was going to happen at the school but he figured it wasn't going to be anything good.

"Okay," Charles said quickly, "you three be good and do as I say. Hopefully, I'll be back soon and I'll have a solution to this mess. Until then, no more sex. You're to clean the house and yourselves, and get dressed. Understand!"

"Yes Master!" the Taylor's chanted in reply.

With that Charles was gone. Quickly he brushed pass Jennifer and Anna, and then dashed out of the Taylor's house. Once outside, he ran towards his house.

As he did, he looked about. There were plenty of people in the streets. There were old people, and young people and even children. They were all naked. The teenagers were walking towards the high school.

The sight filled Charles with fear. Whoever had done this was a complete sicko and he had to be stopped.

Charles bit his lip and hurried on.

Charles ran into his house and called for his sister. There was no response.

His mother was in the kitchen. She was filling up the kitchen sink so that she could do dishes. She was still totally naked.

"Mom," cried Charles, "stop what you are doing."

His mother turned off the tap and stopped moving.

"Look at me!" Charles commanded.

His mother turned slowly and looked at him. She stood there and gazed at him blankly, totally ignorant to the fact that she was naked.

Charles noticed however. His cock twitched slightly at the sight of her and though spent, it tried to rise with renewed interest. Fortunately, he remembered that she was his mother. That caused him to blush. It also made him remember why he was in a hurry. He needed to find his sister.

"Mom," Charles said anxiously, forcing himself to stare into her eyes, so that he would stop ogling his mother's breasts. "Where's Melissa?"

"School ... school ... school!" chanted his mother in reply. "The Master of Earth said that all good children had to go to school!"

"And where is Dad?" Charles asked, wondering what had become of his father.

"Work ... work ... work!" replied his mother in the same tone as before. "All men must go to work!"

"And what has the Master of Earth ordered women to do?" Charles asked with interest.

"Work ... tidy ... clean!" answered his mother. As she replied a smile broke across her lips and it appeared that she was happy with the thought of cleaning her house.

Of course, Charles knew that his mother hated house cleaning. It was a job that was normally delegated to her kids now that they were old enough to do it without supervision. Charles sighed deeply as he reflected on what this all meant.

Whoever the 'Master of Earth' was he had a very fixed idea how this should be. Men worked, women cleaned house, and children went to school. It was very black and white and showed no imagination. Maybe whoever the 'Master of Earth' was, this was how he thought, or maybe that was how things worked when you took control of the world. Maybe it was too difficult to do more than keeping things basic.

Charles wondered about it for a moment or two. Perhaps knowing this would help him find out who this 'Master of Earth' was. Perhaps ... with a little more knowledge he could figure it out and then ... hopefully he could put everything back to the way it was. For now he pushed his thoughts to the back of his mind. He needed to stop Melissa from going to school. An instinct told him that something was going to happen at school today, something that he didn't want his 'little' sister to experience.

"Okay Mom," Charles said firmly, turning his mind back to his mother. "I order you to stop cleaning. You're to go upstairs and take a shower. Clean yourself up and then get dressed in something comfortable. Afterwards you can do a little housework. Do you understand?"

"Yes Master!" replied his mother in a neutral tone. Then without waiting for another word, his mother turned and headed out of the room.

Charles stood there for a second and watched her go. As he did, he ground his teeth as rage welled up in him. Whoever the 'Master of Earth' was, he was going to pay. Then he balled his right hand into a fist and punched his left hand.

Smack! The sound resonated through the silent house. God, Charles swore to himself, the bastard was going to really pay!

Charles hurried to his bedroom after that. As he entered it, he picked up the clothing that he had dropped earlier, when he had first tried to make his escape. Quickly Charles threw on underwear, socks, a t-shirt, and a pair of jeans. Then he hurried back downstairs and headed to the front entrance of the house. There Charles put on his sneakers, and out of habit, he pulled on his school 'hoodie'. After that he was out the door.

Charles ran. He ran as fast as he could. While he ran he ignored everything he saw. He ignored the people driving by in cars who were totally naked. He ignored the naked crosswalk guard, and he ignored all the naked mothers who were putting their naked children on school buses. Charles even ignored the carnage that he passed; cars that had crashed killing their occupants. They were few and far between, but they were there and the sight of them filled Charles with dread. Truly, Charles wished he didn't have to ignore these things, especially the things that he knew were really wrong, but he had to keep running. After all, he had to stop his sister and she had a good head start on him.

Thank god Charles was young and fit. It took running the whole distance to school to catch up with his sister, but he did it. He was panting and puffing from overexertion when he spotted her amongst a group of teenagers walking up the front walk to the school. She was just a couple of yards from entering the building.

"Melissa Ralston," Charles cried out at the top of his lungs, as he came to a halt at the edge of the front lawn of the school. "Stop!"

Melissa stopped. The remainder of the teenagers continued on into the school.

"Melissa," panted Charles as he jogged up to her, "you are not to go to school today. You're to go home right now. When you get there, you're to take a shower and clean yourself up. Then you're to get dressed in comfortable clothing and help mom tidying up the house. Do you understand?"

"Yes Master!" answered Melissa in a monotone voice, and with that she turned and started to walk back home.

"And no more sex!" screamed Charles after her. "Do you hear me?"

"Yes Master!" replied Melissa, pausing for a moment and looking back at Charles, as she spoke. Then she turned and walked away.

Good, thought Charles to himself. Hopefully, that will keep his mother and sister out of any trouble. Now to see what was happening in the school.

Charles walked into the building. As he did, Charles was hit by another headache. It wasn't as strong as the first time it had happened, but it did cause him to wince with pain. He stopped in the entranceway and sucked in a deep breath as the pain slipped away. Breathing in slowly, Charles glanced about, taking in what lay before him.

The entranceway was filled with students and staff. Everyone one was naked and everyone appeared to be oblivious to what was going on. Charles stood there and glanced around in wonder.

The first thing he noticed was that everyone was heading towards the school auditorium, which was fine with Charles. If everyone was heading to an assembly, it meant that someone was going to make an announcement. Perhaps that someone was the 'Master of Earth'. If so, Charles would confront him. The second thing that Charles noticed as he followed along behind the crowd was that not everyone was behaving the same.

It appeared that some people, both student and staff were behaving more differently than others. To Charles it appeared that people who were pudgy or fat were down on all fours and acting like pigs. They grunted and squealed as they moved through the crowds. Charles also noted that most of the kids who were classified as geeks or nerds were also down on all fours. They were scurrying around barking like they were 'yappy' lap dogs. Finally, Charles saw that most of the bruisers and jocks were also acting like animals. They were hunched over and dragging their knuckles, and as they moved through the crowds they grunted like gorillas.

Charles scratched his head. Well he thought, at least this tells me something. It tells me that whoever the 'Master of Earth' was, he has a hate on for fat people, geeks, and jocks. That means that he was probably 'Joe average', someone who doesn't stick out of the crowd unless he wants people to notice him, and then ... what? Perhaps the guy was a goof or a trouble maker. Maybe that was why he was doing this. After all, who would want to be the 'Master of Earth' except someone who rarely got noticed?

The thought didn't make Charles feel any better, but it was another piece of the puzzle and if his hunch was right, before long Charles would know more. Perhaps that knowledge would be enough to figure out who was the bastard that had fucked up the world.

Charles was one of the last people to enter the auditorium.

The place was packed. Both students and staff were filling the rows of seats that arced around the room, and faced the stage. Charles stared at them as he moved down the centre aisle.

Everyone was doubling up. Behind every woman and girl, there stood a man or boy, and where there were no more girls, guys stood behind guys, and every man or boy standing behind someone was stroking their cocks and getting themselves hard. Charles walked on. It didn't take a genius to figure out what was going to happen next.

As Charles continued down towards the stage, he scanned the crowd and noted who was in the audience and more importantly, who wasn't in the audience. Who was in the audience was everybody who was somebody. The principal, the vice-principal, his staff, his secretary, the teachers, and the support staff were all there. So were the cheerleaders, the jocks, the geeks, the band, the science club, and just about everyone else. The only people not there were the trouble makers and the bullies.

Charles stopped three quarters of the way down the aisle and waited. As he waited, he took a deep breath and exhaled. He wondered if he was doing the right thing. He wondered if he would succeed. He wondered who the fucking bastard was who had done this to his world. Charles didn't have long to wait to find out.

Suddenly the auditoriums lights dimmed, and the stage lights flared up. There was a drum roll and unexpectedly the PA system started to play 'Hail to the Chief'. On the last strain of music, the curtains came up and out marched the school's bully-boys. Surprisingly, they were naked like the rest of the student body.

Interestingly they were carrying someone on their shoulders. That person was clothed and wearing what appeared to be a cape and crown. Charles stared up at him in hopes of recognizing who it was. Unfortunately, the lighting and the movement of his escort obscured Charles' view.

As for the bully boys, they goose-stepped their way right across the stage until they came to a halt beside the podium. There they carefully lowered the person they were carrying. When they were finished, they prostrated themselves upon the stage, bowing with their knees upon the stage and their arms extended before them just like people did in movies about ancient pharaohs and kings. The sight of it just made Charles fume with rage.

Without a word or sign of acknowledgement, the individual stepped past his worshiping escort and walked up to the podium and into the light. Charles could see that the person was a tall, thin kid, with long, stringy hair. He still didn't recognize him.

The kid picked up the mike and screamed out to the assembly.

"Student's and staff of Sunnyvale High," he cried out in a loud voice. "I am Clyde Walker and I am the Master of Earth. Salute your master by fucking!"

And at that command, every man and boy in the audience, standing behind someone, stepped forward and pressed their cock into that person's orifice, regardless of whether they were a she or a he, and regardless of whether they were young or old, or even sexually appealing, and when their cocks were buried into the depths of the person in front of them, the man or boy let out a great big grunt and they started to fuck. As they did, the person being fucked leaned forward and placed their arms and hands upon the person in front of them, bracing themselves against the vigorous thrusts that were being driven into them. Those in the front row braced themselves against the edge of the stage.

Of course, Charles wasn't surprised by the coupling on command, for he had suspected it was in the plans of the 'Master of Earth' when he had first walked into the auditorium and when he had seen how everyone was arrayed. He was however surprised by the wave of pain that hit him, when the 'Master of Earth' had spoken.

The pain hit him like a slap in the face, startling him for a moment and forcing him to clutch his forehead in a vain effort to block against it. Fortunately the pain wasn't as strong as the headache that Charles had experienced at the Taylor's house and he was able to keep on his feet. Still it had been unexpected. Yet the pain passed quickly enough that Charles was able to hear the chanting of the audience.

"Yes ... yes ... yes!" screamed the individuals being fucked. "Great is the Master of Earth. Must fuck ... must have sex ... must come!"

Charles clenched his fists in anger.


Chapter 5
Posted: April 22, 2015 - 08:06:35 am

"Yes my mindless slaves," cried Clyde Walker into the microphone. "Fuck for me!"

"Fuck for the Master of Earth!" cried the audience as one.

"Yes!" hissed Clyde with satisfaction.

"No!" cried Charles aloud. "Everyone stop fucking right now!"

Everyone stopped moving. Everyone that is, except for Clyde Walker. Clyde winced with pain.

"What the fuck?" Clyde screamed out in surprise, clutching his forehead as he did.

Charles was surprised as well. He was surprised to see Clyde respond to his command like that. It made him wonder. He was also surprised by what he saw behind Clyde. Someone else had winced in pain, someone who had been hiding behind the curtains. The pain had revealed them for a moment. It was a girl! Charles couldn't make her out but he knew it was a girl because she was naked. It made him wonder who she was. It distracted him for a moment. That was a mistake.

Clyde recovered quickly. The pain that had washed over him abated within seconds. As he did recover, Clyde stepped out from behind the podium. He walked to the edge of the stage and stared out in the direction of Charles. Raising his hand to shield his eyes from the light, he glared down towards where Charles stood.

"Who the fuck is out there?" Clyde demanded to know.

"Me!" exclaimed Charles, stepping towards the stage as he replied. "Charles Ralston and I demand that you put an end to this!"

"You do now," sneered Clyde, "and why should I?"

"Because it's wrong!" said Charles angrily. "What you're doing is sick and wrong."

"Personally," Clyde said in reply, "I think its right and I have no desire to stop doing it."

Charles clenched his fists and took another step down the aisle, moving towards Clyde. He wanted to leap up on stage and punch the guy out, but there was something preventing him from doing that. It was something that was nagging in the back of his mind. Something Charles knew that he needed to solve before confronting this guy. It was a question that needed to be answered.

Charles glanced around. The girl wasn't there anymore. Who was she and what was her relationship to Clyde? Charles needed to know what was going on!

"Why are you doing this?" Charles asked bluntly, turning his gaze towards Clyde.

"Because I can," Clyde sneered back in response, "and nobody can stop me!"

Charles bit his lip. He wasn't going to be baited into acting.

"Still, why do this?" Charles asked, stretching his arms out to either side of himself, and indicating to the audience with his hands, "I mean, with the power to control people, you could have had fun in private. Why make everyone into your puppet?"

"Because 'moron', I can," replied Clyde in a vehement manner. "Why should I play games when I can do as I please? Nobody and that includes you, can stop me!"

"Well, if I can't stop you, why not answer my question?" Charles asked, lowering his arms and taking another step towards the stage. "Don't tell me you're afraid?"

"Just like in the movies ... huh?" Clyde sniggered in response. "The good guy gets the bad guy to do some talking so that the good guy can learn his plans so that he can defeat the bad guy. Well it won't work here. I'm not going to tell you a thing and there's nothing you can do to make me talk."

"Fine," Charles said with a huff, "but you've got to realize how fucked up this is man. Think of the people. Every last one of them is simply doing the things that you command them to do. Essentially, they're little robots incapable of thinking for themselves. Besides dude, think of all the things that require human supervision. What about nuclear reactors, chemical plants, and hospitals. By turning everyone into drones you're endangering people's lives. Think about it man. You've got to put everything back to normal."

"Fuck you, Charlie boy!" exclaimed Clyde. "I don't care about those things, and I'm not changing things back, so go screw yourself."

Then an evil grin appeared on Clyde's face.

"Better yet..." Clyde said, "Bully boys ... get that asshole and fuck him hard!"

Pain lashed out at Charles once more. This time it was only for the briefest of moments. Still it caused Charles to stagger backward. That was lucky for him.

At Clyde's command the bully boys leapt to their feet. Then they jumped off of the stage, landing where Charles had just been standing. The closest one, a bully by the name of Hector Vasquez was just inches from grabbing Charles.

"Freeze!" Charles screamed at the top of his lungs.

The bully boys froze exactly where they had landed. As they did, Clyde winced in pain.

Charles attacked.

"Everyone..." Charles commanded, "Attack Clyde and stop him."

At that Clyde screamed in agony once more. This time he dropped to his knees, clutching his head. His crown fell to the stage and rolled away from him.

Everyone obeyed Charles. The staff and the student body disengaged themselves from the carnal coupling forced upon them by Clyde. Then they moved forward like a wave crashing down upon a beach. The wave swarmed pass Charles, leaving him untouched. With them they took the bully boys.

Charles took a few steps back up the aisle, moving back behind the on rushing crowd. As he did he spotted something stirring in the curtains. The girl was still there.

"No..." Clyde cried out fiercely, as he gazed up at the wave of naked bodies rushing him. "Stop right there! I am the Master of Earth and I command you!"

The wave crashed to a halt. This time it was Charles who cried out in pain.

Shaken, Clyde picked himself up off of the floor of the stage.

"So you can control them as well," Clyde growled in a loathing manner, "and when you command them, I feel pain. Of course, when I command them you feel pain as well, so we're even. That means that we can be at this for a while, until one of us gets the upper hand, while the other is wincing in agony. It could be me or it could be you."

"It could be," Charles answered, steeling himself for the next attack.

"I think I have a better idea." Clyde said, a grin forming on his lips again. As he spoke Clyde reached one hand under his cape. A moment later he pulled out a revolver.

Charles' eyes went wide with surprise.

"See Charlie boy..." Clyde said pointing the revolver at Charles. "You could get the next command off before me, but it won't matter. When the pain hits me, I'll fire and you'll be dead. Afterwards, I'll seize control of everyone once more and I'll have my fun. There will be no more interruptions. So keep you're mouth shut and you'll live ... well ... for a minute or two longer anyway."

Charles stared at the revolver pointing at him. His mind raced. He knew that if he opened his mouth to speak or to command the crowd, Clyde would fire. He also knew that if he did nothing, Clyde would kill him anyways. Then the world would be his forever. Charles knew he had to do something. The question was what!

Then Charles spotted the movement in the curtains again. The girl had stepped out of hiding. Charles saw that she had something in her hands.

"You know," Clyde said as he cocked the hammer of the revolver, "I should just drill you right now and get this over, but I won't. Why is that you ask? Well, it's because I'm impressed. You see, I thought I was the only one with this gift. Now I find out there are others. Of course, you're the first I've met face to face but ... that pain thing, I've felt it before. About a week ago, just after I discovered I could control people. Of course, then I thought it had something to do with the powers and since it only happened once, I didn't worry about it. Now I think I should think about it some more. So if you want to live for more than a minute asshole, you're going to answer me a question. One question and you won't use words. What you'll do is nod your head for 'yes' or shake it for 'no', and if you don't answer the question, I'll just shoot you dead where you stand."

Charles said nothing. His mind was racing though and he knew he had to think quickly or he would be dead. The girl was inching closer to Clyde. She was sneaking up behind him and from the look of it she was carrying a baseball bat. Charles knew that she was going to take out Clyde. All Charles needed to do was to keep Clyde's attention focused on him.

"So the question is... ," Clyde continued, "did you have your powers a week ago? Did you asshole?"

Clyde said nothing. He just stared into Clyde's eyes and bit his lip.

"Answer me, yes or no!" snapped Clyde.

Just then the girl stepped on something. There was a noise, a scratching noise. It echoed in the silence of the auditorium. Clyde heard it and started to turn towards it.

Charles decided that now was the time to do something. He yelled. As he yelled, he dove into the crowd of naked students and staff.

"Attack..." screamed Charles, "attack now!"

Clyde turned back towards Charles. As he did, he snapped off a round. The round drove into the spot that Charles had just vacated. It imbedded itself into the aisle.

"No... !" Clyde roared in frustration. As he did he waved the revolver around, staring into the crowd, looking for Charles.

Clyde didn't see Charles. Nor did he realize that he had felt no pain and he didn't notice that no one was moving against him. He did however feel the baseball bat when it came down upon his head. The blow took him from behind. Fortunately, much of the bat hit him across the back and shoulders. Only part of it hit his head. Still it was enough to send him flying off the stage and into the crowd that stood below it.

Charles moved instantly. He rushed towards where Clyde had fallen. As he did, he pushed his way past the packed naked bodies that blocked the way. As he did, his frustration got the best of him. He screamed at the crowd.

"Get out of the way!" Charles cried, "Let me through!"

Obediently, the crowd did as Charles commanded. That was good. Unfortunately, the girl winced with pain as his command hit her. Crying out in agony, she dropped the bat and fell to her knees, clutching at her head. Charles noticed it, but ignored it. He needed to get to Clyde.

Clyde was lying on the floor unconscious. If the blown hadn't knocked him out, the fall probably did. The revolver was still clutched in Clyde's outstretched hand.

Charles picked it up. Then he checked Clyde's pulse. When he felt it, Charles let out a sigh of relief.

"He's still alive," Charles said as he stood up and turned his attention towards the girl.

"Too bad!" spat back the girl, her face twisted with a mix of rage and pain. "I meant to kill the bastard."

Chapter 5
Posted: April 22, 2015 - 08:06:35 am

"Yes my mindless slaves," cried Clyde Walker into the microphone. "Fuck for me!"

"Fuck for the Master of Earth!" cried the audience as one.

"Yes!" hissed Clyde with satisfaction.

"No!" cried Charles aloud. "Everyone stop fucking right now!"

Everyone stopped moving. Everyone that is, except for Clyde Walker. Clyde winced with pain.

"What the fuck?" Clyde screamed out in surprise, clutching his forehead as he did.

Charles was surprised as well. He was surprised to see Clyde respond to his command like that. It made him wonder. He was also surprised by what he saw behind Clyde. Someone else had winced in pain, someone who had been hiding behind the curtains. The pain had revealed them for a moment. It was a girl! Charles couldn't make her out but he knew it was a girl because she was naked. It made him wonder who she was. It distracted him for a moment. That was a mistake.

Clyde recovered quickly. The pain that had washed over him abated within seconds. As he did recover, Clyde stepped out from behind the podium. He walked to the edge of the stage and stared out in the direction of Charles. Raising his hand to shield his eyes from the light, he glared down towards where Charles stood.

"Who the fuck is out there?" Clyde demanded to know.

"Me!" exclaimed Charles, stepping towards the stage as he replied. "Charles Ralston and I demand that you put an end to this!"

"You do now," sneered Clyde, "and why should I?"

"Because it's wrong!" said Charles angrily. "What you're doing is sick and wrong."

"Personally," Clyde said in reply, "I think its right and I have no desire to stop doing it."

Charles clenched his fists and took another step down the aisle, moving towards Clyde. He wanted to leap up on stage and punch the guy out, but there was something preventing him from doing that. It was something that was nagging in the back of his mind. Something Charles knew that he needed to solve before confronting this guy. It was a question that needed to be answered.

Charles glanced around. The girl wasn't there anymore. Who was she and what was her relationship to Clyde? Charles needed to know what was going on!

"Why are you doing this?" Charles asked bluntly, turning his gaze towards Clyde.

"Because I can," Clyde sneered back in response, "and nobody can stop me!"

Charles bit his lip. He wasn't going to be baited into acting.

"Still, why do this?" Charles asked, stretching his arms out to either side of himself, and indicating to the audience with his hands, "I mean, with the power to control people, you could have had fun in private. Why make everyone into your puppet?"

"Because 'moron', I can," replied Clyde in a vehement manner. "Why should I play games when I can do as I please? Nobody and that includes you, can stop me!"

"Well, if I can't stop you, why not answer my question?" Charles asked, lowering his arms and taking another step towards the stage. "Don't tell me you're afraid?"

"Just like in the movies ... huh?" Clyde sniggered in response. "The good guy gets the bad guy to do some talking so that the good guy can learn his plans so that he can defeat the bad guy. Well it won't work here. I'm not going to tell you a thing and there's nothing you can do to make me talk."

"Fine," Charles said with a huff, "but you've got to realize how fucked up this is man. Think of the people. Every last one of them is simply doing the things that you command them to do. Essentially, they're little robots incapable of thinking for themselves. Besides dude, think of all the things that require human supervision. What about nuclear reactors, chemical plants, and hospitals. By turning everyone into drones you're endangering people's lives. Think about it man. You've got to put everything back to normal."

"Fuck you, Charlie boy!" exclaimed Clyde. "I don't care about those things, and I'm not changing things back, so go screw yourself."

Then an evil grin appeared on Clyde's face.

"Better yet..." Clyde said, "Bully boys ... get that asshole and fuck him hard!"

Pain lashed out at Charles once more. This time it was only for the briefest of moments. Still it caused Charles to stagger backward. That was lucky for him.

At Clyde's command the bully boys leapt to their feet. Then they jumped off of the stage, landing where Charles had just been standing. The closest one, a bully by the name of Hector Vasquez was just inches from grabbing Charles.

"Freeze!" Charles screamed at the top of his lungs.

The bully boys froze exactly where they had landed. As they did, Clyde winced in pain.

Charles attacked.

"Everyone..." Charles commanded, "Attack Clyde and stop him."

At that Clyde screamed in agony once more. This time he dropped to his knees, clutching his head. His crown fell to the stage and rolled away from him.

Everyone obeyed Charles. The staff and the student body disengaged themselves from the carnal coupling forced upon them by Clyde. Then they moved forward like a wave crashing down upon a beach. The wave swarmed pass Charles, leaving him untouched. With them they took the bully boys.

Charles took a few steps back up the aisle, moving back behind the on rushing crowd. As he did he spotted something stirring in the curtains. The girl was still there.

"No..." Clyde cried out fiercely, as he gazed up at the wave of naked bodies rushing him. "Stop right there! I am the Master of Earth and I command you!"

The wave crashed to a halt. This time it was Charles who cried out in pain.

Shaken, Clyde picked himself up off of the floor of the stage.

"So you can control them as well," Clyde growled in a loathing manner, "and when you command them, I feel pain. Of course, when I command them you feel pain as well, so we're even. That means that we can be at this for a while, until one of us gets the upper hand, while the other is wincing in agony. It could be me or it could be you."

"It could be," Charles answered, steeling himself for the next attack.

"I think I have a better idea." Clyde said, a grin forming on his lips again. As he spoke Clyde reached one hand under his cape. A moment later he pulled out a revolver.

Charles' eyes went wide with surprise.

"See Charlie boy..." Clyde said pointing the revolver at Charles. "You could get the next command off before me, but it won't matter. When the pain hits me, I'll fire and you'll be dead. Afterwards, I'll seize control of everyone once more and I'll have my fun. There will be no more interruptions. So keep you're mouth shut and you'll live ... well ... for a minute or two longer anyway."

Charles stared at the revolver pointing at him. His mind raced. He knew that if he opened his mouth to speak or to command the crowd, Clyde would fire. He also knew that if he did nothing, Clyde would kill him anyways. Then the world would be his forever. Charles knew he had to do something. The question was what!

Then Charles spotted the movement in the curtains again. The girl had stepped out of hiding. Charles saw that she had something in her hands.

"You know," Clyde said as he cocked the hammer of the revolver, "I should just drill you right now and get this over, but I won't. Why is that you ask? Well, it's because I'm impressed. You see, I thought I was the only one with this gift. Now I find out there are others. Of course, you're the first I've met face to face but ... that pain thing, I've felt it before. About a week ago, just after I discovered I could control people. Of course, then I thought it had something to do with the powers and since it only happened once, I didn't worry about it. Now I think I should think about it some more. So if you want to live for more than a minute asshole, you're going to answer me a question. One question and you won't use words. What you'll do is nod your head for 'yes' or shake it for 'no', and if you don't answer the question, I'll just shoot you dead where you stand."

Charles said nothing. His mind was racing though and he knew he had to think quickly or he would be dead. The girl was inching closer to Clyde. She was sneaking up behind him and from the look of it she was carrying a baseball bat. Charles knew that she was going to take out Clyde. All Charles needed to do was to keep Clyde's attention focused on him.

"So the question is... ," Clyde continued, "did you have your powers a week ago? Did you asshole?"

Clyde said nothing. He just stared into Clyde's eyes and bit his lip.

"Answer me, yes or no!" snapped Clyde.

Just then the girl stepped on something. There was a noise, a scratching noise. It echoed in the silence of the auditorium. Clyde heard it and started to turn towards it.

Charles decided that now was the time to do something. He yelled. As he yelled, he dove into the crowd of naked students and staff.

"Attack..." screamed Charles, "attack now!"

Clyde turned back towards Charles. As he did, he snapped off a round. The round drove into the spot that Charles had just vacated. It imbedded itself into the aisle.

"No... !" Clyde roared in frustration. As he did he waved the revolver around, staring into the crowd, looking for Charles.

Clyde didn't see Charles. Nor did he realize that he had felt no pain and he didn't notice that no one was moving against him. He did however feel the baseball bat when it came down upon his head. The blow took him from behind. Fortunately, much of the bat hit him across the back and shoulders. Only part of it hit his head. Still it was enough to send him flying off the stage and into the crowd that stood below it.

Charles moved instantly. He rushed towards where Clyde had fallen. As he did, he pushed his way past the packed naked bodies that blocked the way. As he did, his frustration got the best of him. He screamed at the crowd.

"Get out of the way!" Charles cried, "Let me through!"

Obediently, the crowd did as Charles commanded. That was good. Unfortunately, the girl winced with pain as his command hit her. Crying out in agony, she dropped the bat and fell to her knees, clutching at her head. Charles noticed it, but ignored it. He needed to get to Clyde.

Clyde was lying on the floor unconscious. If the blown hadn't knocked him out, the fall probably did. The revolver was still clutched in Clyde's outstretched hand.

Charles picked it up. Then he checked Clyde's pulse. When he felt it, Charles let out a sigh of relief.

"He's still alive," Charles said as he stood up and turned his attention towards the girl.

"Too bad!" spat back the girl, her face twisted with a mix of rage and pain. "I meant to kill the bastard."

Charles didn't say anything in reply. Part of him felt the same way. Still part told him that they needed Clyde alive if they were going to get their world back. So, instead of saying anything, Charles gazed up at the girl. That was when he recognized her.

The girl was Connie Adams. Connie was a petite red head, whose long straight hair hung down her front, covering her small, round breasts. Her skin was pale and her eyes were green. Connie was in his sister's homeroom class. She was considered one of the brightest students at Sunnyvale High. She was also considered strange. She had few friends and most of those were geeks. What made her strange was her clothing. She always wore baggy, long sleeved men's shirts, long flowing skirts, and floppy hats. That and she had a pair of big, oval glasses that made her look like an owl. Not to say that she wasn't pretty, because she was. Unfortunately, she did nothing to enhance what God had given her. In many ways, she was very much a plain Jane. That was why Charles hadn't recognized her.

Instead of focusing on her face, Charles had focused on her naked body and her shape was not one that he immediately recognized. In fact, when he had first spotted her he thought she was a freshman. That was because Connie was short, with a very slight frame, and petite breasts, and barely any pubic hair. If it wasn't for the fact that Connie was wearing her trademark glasses, Charles would still be wondering who the heck she was.

"Connie ... right?" Charles asked out of habit. His eyes flickered to her face first, and then out of habit, down her naked form once more.

"Yeah," replied the girl, staring down at Charles. "Now do you mind not staring at my crotch?"

Charles blushed and looked away. Of course, that was a mistake as well. He found himself staring at Amy Winters naked body.

"And would you mind not ogling the other girls as well," Connie said curtly.

"Sorry," replied Charles, forcing himself to gaze at his feet. "I didn't mean to stare."

"Yeah," said Connie, her voice sounding a little more sympathetic. "I guess it is hard not to stare when everyone is naked."

"Umm ... yeah," answered Charles, trying not to look up. "Do you have any clothing?"

"No," replied Connie softly, "I thought I'd be clever and blend in with the crowd. I never thought to bring something to wear."

"Here," said Charles, pulling his 'hoodie' off as he spoke. "You can put this on for now."

Then, trying not to look, he held the garment up for Connie to take.

"Thanks," the girl said taking the garment from his hand.

"No problem," Charles murmured in reply. Then he went back to staring at his feet.

"You can look now," Connie said after a minute.

Charles looked up. Connie was standing on the stage wearing his 'hoodie'. Because of her size, it hung down on her like an oversized dress, which in a way was good. It meant that it covered her past her thighs, concealing Connie's nudity from Charles' gaze.

Charles smiled up in relief.

"Thanks," Connie said, spreading her arms wide as she spoke.

"No problem," Charles said again, "and it should be me thanking you. You're the one who snuck up on Clyde and walloped him."

"Yeah," replied Connie, pulling her arms back around her, and looking a bit sheepish, "but you distracted him long enough, so that I could get close to him. If it wasn't for you, he would have turned and shot me, so as I said ... thanks, both for distracting that bastard ... and your hoodie."

"And as I said, no problem," answered Charles, a warm smile forming on his face. "The way I see it, we worked together, and now I think we need to talk."

"About what?" asked Connie sounding hesitant in her response.

"Well..." answered Charles, "about what we are going to do next!"

There was silence for a moment as Connie took in a deep breath, and then with a sniffle she looked away. Charles waited patiently. Connie whipped her face on the sleeve of the 'hoodie' and then looked back. She didn't look at Charles. She stared past him, down at where Clyde lay unconscious.

"I think we should kill that bastard before we do anything else," Connie said in a voice filled with pain.

"And I think we should keep him alive," replied Charles firmly, "at least until we find out how to put the world back the way it was. I think we need him for that."

"Fine," snapped Connie, turning her gaze from Clyde to Charles. Her eyes burned with rage and it was obvious that she didn't like Charles' suggestion. "Then I think we need to tie him up."

"Agreed," nodded Charles. Then he glanced around. He looked up at the stage and then about the crowd. Suddenly his face lit up.

"Coach Greeley," Charles called out to the school's head coach. "Come here."

"Yes Master!" the man answered in a flat but obedient tone. Silently the man worked his way through the crowd of staff and students, moving as quickly as he could until he came to a halt directly in front of Charles.

"Coach..." Charles said gazing into the older man's expressionless face, "I want you to run to the gym and gather up all the jump ropes. When you have enough to tie a person to a chair, bring them to me. Do you understand?"

"Yes Master!" the coach replied without hesitation.

"Then go and do it," Charles commanded, "and come back as quickly as possible. Time is important."

With that order, the coach turned and ran up the aisle and out of the auditorium.

"I barely felt that!" Connie noted, as Charles turned his attention back to her. "There was almost no pain at all."

"Really?" Charles replied looking a bit surprised. Then he bit his lip and thought for a moment.

"I want you to give the next order Connie," Charles asked after a second. "I want you to order two of these kids to carry Clyde up onto the stage. Then I want you to order them to sit him in that chair over there."

Charles pointed to a wooden armed seat that stood near the centre of the stage.

"Okay," Connie said, giving Charles an understanding smile. "Here we go!"

Connie did exactly as Charles had instructed her to do. She picked Frank Nesbitt and Sam Watson out of the audience and commanded them. They were both members of the Sunnyvale football team. Because of that they were both big and muscular. They had no problem lifting Clyde up from the floor, and they had no problems manhandling him into the chair that Charles had told Connie to have them put Clyde in.

Of course, Clyde moaned and groaned a bit when they moved him. It caused both Charles and Connie to cringe with fear, but luckily, Clyde never woke.

Then, by the time the guys had Clyde propped in the chair, Coach Greeley had returned, carrying several lengths of jump rope. Charles commanded him to tie Clyde up securely.

"Well?" asked Connie inquisitively, as she and Charles watched Clyde being secured. "How was it?"

"Fine," Charles said, smiling up at Connie as he spoke. "I barely felt a thing."

"Then the big pain comes from..." Connie started to ask.

"First, I have one last test." Charles said interrupting Connie. Then without hesitating he turned and addressed the audience.

"Everyone..." Charles said in a commanding voice. "You are all to go home. You're to go home and you're to clean up and you're to get dressed. You're to stay home for today and relax. Tomorrow, you will all come back to school as normal. Tomorrow will be a normal day and everyone will behave normally. Do you understand?"

"Yes Master!" the crowd roared in one voice.

"Then go and do as I command," Charles said forcefully.

The crowd turned and left.

Charles turned back to Connie. Connie was kneeling on the stage once more, her hands pressed to her forehead. Her face was pale, with beads of perspiration upon her forehead and it was obvious to Charles that she was in a great deal of pain.

"Sorry," apologized Charles awkwardly, "but I wanted to be sure."

"Well," gasped Connie as she forced herself back to her feet, "now we know for sure. Still, next time, give me some warning. That smarted!"

"Sorry," Charles said again, feeling a little embarrassed by what he had done.

"Forget it," Connie replied, forcing a smile on her face. "We needed to know and now we do. Small commands don't register at all, while commanding large groups cause pain. But how does it help us?"

"Well," Charles answered, "I'm not certain; at least not totally however, in a way it could be of help to us."

"How so?" Connie asked.

"Clyde said he felt pain over a week ago," Charles said carefully, "which means that someone was controlling a large number of people a week ago. I know it wasn't me, and I do remember having a strong headache about then. What about you? Were you using powers a week ago?"

"No!" snapped Connie in reply, anger colouring her face. "I didn't know anything about this before today. But ... I do remember having a headache a week ago as well. It came out of no where and it lasted for about fifteen minutes."

"Then," Charles said thoughtfully, "there has to be someone else out there besides Clyde, you, or me, who can control people and make them do things. That means that we can consider the pain a warning system. If you or I feel pain, we'll know that there is somebody else out there who's controlling people."

"And what will you do with that knowledge?" a low voice asked from across the stage.

Startled, Connie and Charles turned and gazed towards where they had left Clyde.

Clyde was awake. He was smiling wickedly towards Connie and Charles. A chill ran down Charles spine. Then there was pain. Both Charles and Connie dropped to their knees.

Clyde started to laugh.Chapter 7
Posted: April 23, 2015 - 07:50:12 am

As the wave of agony faded, Charles pushed himself to his feet and then scrambled up onto the stage. Quickly he strode towards where Clyde was bound. As he walked past Connie, he grabbed hold of her by the arm. Forcefully, he dragged her to her feet. Then before she could protest, Charles forced her along with him.

"What did you just do?" Charles demanded to know when he came to a halt opposite Clyde.

"Answering my own question!" insisted Clyde glaring angrily at Charles. Then his expression changed and he chuckled aloud. That was a mistake. Clyde winced with pain suddenly, his face becoming contorted. It took a minute for him to recover.

"Fucking bitch!" screamed Clyde when he opened his eyes again. "You busted my shoulder!"

"Be happy that's all I busted, you fucking bastard!" Connie snapped back.

"Enough!" Charles cried out, giving Connie the eye. Then turning to Clyde he said, "I want to know what you just did?"

"Well, I'm not going to tell you asshole," Clyde sneered in reply, "and there's not a thing you can do about it, which by the way answers my question. Even if you know that somebody out there is controlling people, somebody other than us three, there isn't a bloody thing you can do about it. You'll never know what that person did unless it happens under your fucking noses."

"Look you piece of shit," Charles growled raising his fist in a threatening manner. "You're only alive right now because I wanted it, so if you don't start answering our questions, you're going to start wishing that Connie had killed you."

"Threaten me some more, Charlie boy!" Clyde spat back, looking at Charles with loathing. "I know you don't have the stones to do it, so fuck off. Now as for Connie here, well ... she surprised me. I would have never have guessed that a virginal book reader like her could muster the energy to wallop a guy. I must have done something to piss her off real good."

Connie reacted immediately to Clyde's taunt. Unbridled rage erupted and she lashed out cursing and swearing.

"You fucking bastard!" Connie shrieked vehemently, spit spraying from her mouth as her barely contained anger boiled over. "You fucking piece of shit!"

As she spoke Connie swung her hand at Clyde. Her blow clipped him on the chin.

The blow had scarcely touched Clyde, but that didn't matter. Clyde had flinched as Connie had flung her fist at him. He had tensed his body and that was bad. The pain made him wince once more and cry out in agony.

"Stop it!" yelled Charles grabbing hold of Connie and pulling her away as he spoke. "Stop it right now."

"Maybe she didn't like who popped her cherry this morning!" Clyde said tauntingly, as he recovered from the blow. "Didn't you know incest is best?"

"You fucking bastard," cried Connie, struggling to break out of Charles' grip. "I'll kill you, you fucking, god forsaken bastard!"

"No," Charles screamed, pushing her further away from Clyde. "We still need him!"

"No ... we don't!" snapped Connie in reply.

"Look," Charles said, lowering his voice so that only Connie could hear him, "he's playing you Connie. The more you and I fight, he wins. We've got to get answers out of him. I need him to answer some questions. Then and only then, you can have at him. Considering what he's done, I don't think anyone will fault you for killing him. All right?"

"No it is not all right," replied Connie, staring violently into Charles' eyes, "but I'll give you five minutes. If he doesn't start cooperating, then he's mine!"

"Fine..." sighed Charles, letting go of Connie as he spoke. "Just keep out of the way until then. Okay?"

"Okay!" answered Connie, as she stepped away. As she did, she reached down and reclaimed the baseball bat from where it had fallen on the floor.

"All right then," Charles said, walking back towards Clyde, "now for some answers."

"Hah!" snorted Clyde. "You can dream on Charlie boy, you're not going to get anything out of me."

"Look Clyde," Charles said in a calm manner, "you're our prisoner. You're not going anywhere and you're in need of medical aid. If you cooperate, I'll call a doctor and get you looked after, if you don't cooperate, well then you'll have to deal with Connie, and you know she'll kill you."

"True," said Clyde softly, canting his head towards where Connie was standing. As he did, he winced in pain once more, and then bit his lip.

"Fuckin' bitch hurt me bad," Clyde muttered as he gazed back at Charles, "so, when this is over with, she's going to be mine!"

"Now who's dreaming?" Charles asked.

Clyde just chuckled to himself, before wincing in pain once more.

"Look," Charles said in a worried manner, "why don't you answer my questions, and while you're doing that I'll send for emergency services? Come on Clyde ... what do you say?"

Clyde hesitated. He gazed at Charles for a moment, and then he glanced over at Connie. Finally he nodded his head.

"Fine ... I'll answer your questions," Clyde muttered softly, "and you can call for your medic."

"Good!" Charles said, a smile forming on his lips.

Then he hesitated not knowing what to do. A frown replaced his smile. Clyde saw the frown and grinned with satisfaction.

"Can't think how to do it, can you?" Clyde taunted. "What a dork! You can't call 911, because nobody is going to pick up the phone. Most people are still fucking their brains out and those who did go to work don't know how to do their jobs without somebody to tell them what to do, so if you're going to call emergency service, you have to do this."

Charles and Connie winced in pain for a second.

"The bastard!" Connie shrieked furiously, taking a step towards Clyde and then pausing as Charles glared at her.

"What the..." Charles said angrily, turning his attention back to Clyde.

"Don't panic dork," Clyde laughed between gasps of pain and agony. "I just placed the call myself. Didn't you realize that you can give commands without words? All you have to do is to think what you want someone to do. I just ordered the local emergency services to get over here, so relax, it could take a while.

"Fine," Charles grumbled, glancing from Clyde to Connie and then up towards the entrance of the auditorium, and then after a moment, back at Clyde. "Then we have time for questions and answers."

"Okay," replied Clyde with a grin, "just ask away!"

"You've been controlling people for a week, Clyde," Charles stated slowly. "Tell me about it."

"Tell you about it?" Clyde asked with a look of surprise on his face.

"Yeah," said Charles, "tell me about it. Like ... who did you control first, second, and third? How did it feel? Did anyone notice? Did you make anyone forget that you controlled them? Were they normal afterwards?"

"Ah hah!" Clyde murmured with a nod and a smile of enlightenment. "That's what you really want to know. Have I been able to put people back to the way they were. Well, Charlie boy, unfortunately no and that is why we're here today. You see, I started with my older sister. A week ago Saturday, I found out that I could make her obey me regardless of what I asked her to do for me. I played with her for the day, having her clean my room and cook for me. Then I got bored and made her into my fuck slave. That was okay until Sunday morning. I tried to turn her back but it didn't work. Then my mother noticed and I panicked. So I made her my slave as well. That turned out okay, because it meant I could screw my sister while my mother took care of all the domestic stuff. It was fun for the next couple of days, but then things started to get complicated. Both my mom and sister were drones. They couldn't function without me giving them instructions, so I couldn't let them out of the house. That meant my mom missed work and my sister missed school. People started to call, asking if they were sick. I told them yes and when they insisted on speaking to my mom, I put her on and told her what to say. The real problem arose when my dad came home. My dad's a trucker and he comes home usually Friday nights. When he saw my mom and sister he blew a gasket. I tried to make a deal with him. I offered him my sister and anyone else he wanted. He slugged me. So I turned him into a drone and I used him like a door mat. The problem was that no matter how hard I tried I just couldn't put people back to normal. That meant I had a choice to make. You see Charlie boy, this power is addictive and once you start using it, you can't stop. So, I had to choose whether to hide my power and what I had done with it or to come out to the world. That's what I did this morning. I came out to the world and became the Master of Earth. Since I couldn't tell anybody what I could do without getting in trouble, I decided to make everyone my slave and have some fun, and that's what I was doing until you and book bitch came along."

"Are you crazy!?" Charles said after hearing Clyde's rant. "Is that why you did this? So that you wouldn't be found out by the cops or other people! Man, you fucked up the world to cover your ass!"

"Yeah," murmured Clyde with a strained chuckle, "and as the cartoon says, 'I would have gotten away with it if it hadn't been for you meddling kids!'"

"Fuck!" declared Charles, shaking his head from side to side in disbelief.

"The fucking asshole!" Connie growled angrily. As she spoke she rushed forward, again holding the baseball bat. "I'm going to kill the prick."

"Stop!" Charles cried out at Connie.

"And the funny thing is," Clyde murmured with a smile on his face. "I might still win."

Charles didn't hear Clyde. He was trying to stop Connie from killing Clyde. Connie didn't hear Clyde either. She was screaming angrily declaring that she wanted to kill Clyde. They didn't notice much until it was too late.

"Kill them!" commanded Clyde.

Charles and Connie had ended up struggling in front of Clyde. The pain hit them simultaneously and they both winced. Fortunately, it was a minor pain and it passed within a second or two. Still it was enough to stop them in their tracks and make them aware that Clyde was up to something.

Instinctively, they both looked into the audience area of the auditorium. Their eyes fell on the central aisle. In it were four individuals, partially clothed in the uniform of the local police. They were all armed with shotguns. Silently, like radio controlled robots, they were raising the shotguns and aiming them at Charles and Connie. It all seemed to be in slow motion.

Charles acted first. He grabbed Connie and pulled her to him. Her light, slender frame made it easy for him to manhandle her, especially in his adrenalin driven state. As he pulled her to him, he pivoted on his heel. Spinning he dragged her out from in front of Clyde and then dove with her to the floor. There was a volley of fire as they went thudding into the floor.

The volley continued for a moment and then both Charles and Connie screamed, "Stop firing!"

Suddenly there was silence.

Charles took a deep breath and let it out. Then, cautiously he turned his head and looked towards the half clothed police officers. They had lowered their weapons and they were standing there, waiting obediently for whatever order came next. None came.

"Could you get off of me?" Connie grumbled after a moment or two.

"Sorry," Charles muttered, suddenly remembering that he was lying on top of Connie. Carefully he stood up. Then he extended a hand and helped Connie to her feet.

As Connie got to her feet, she glanced around. First, she glanced at the police officers. Then she gazed past Charles and looked at Clyde. Her face suddenly turned white and she looked away.

"Are you okay?" Charles asked upon seeing Connie's face turn pale. Instinctively, he glanced around. Turning he stared in the direction of Clyde.

"Holy fuck!" exclaimed Charles, his eyes widening with horror. Then as his stomach churned, he looked away as well.

Clyde was dead. The blasts of four shotguns had hit him ... twice. They had slammed violently into his body and the chair that he had been sitting in. There wasn't much left of him or the chair.

"Let's get out of here," Charles whispered to Connie.

At first Connie didn't move. Sensing that she was in shock, Charles took her arm and gave her a shove. Willingly Connie surrendered to Charles, letting him direct her off the stage and away from the horrible scene.

Charles took one last look at Clyde as they exited the auditorium. Then he sighed deeply and shook his head.Chapter 8
Posted: April 23, 2015 - 11:17:20 am

Charles and Connie were sitting in Charles' living room having a drink of water. Connie was still pale and Charles still felt a little queasy. They had walked home together from the school. During that time, they had said nothing to each other. Their thoughts stayed their own, and as they walked, they ignored anything that was out of the ordinary. Their minds weren't ready to think beyond what they had just experienced.

When they had got to Charles' house, they had found Charles' mother and sister busy cleaning the place. Windows were opened to air out the place and his mother was washing the floors. While she was doing that, Melissa was hanging a load of laundry on the clothes line. Charles put an end to that. It was a distraction that they didn't need at that moment.

Now Charles' mother and sister were sitting across from Connie and Charles, staring blank faced into space, silently waiting to be given an order. Their bodies were rigid and lifeless.

"That was horrible!" Connie stated bluntly, as she put her empty glass down upon the coffee table.

"Yeah," Charles acknowledged with a murmur.

"The bastard deserved to die ... but," Connie stammered, "that was just horrible!"

Connie shook her head mournfully and then she started to cry. Charles sat there and let her. For the next few minutes there was only the sound of weeping.

Finally, after wiping her nose and pulling herself together, Connie spoke.

"So what do we do now?" Connie inquired gazing over at Charles through reddened, blurry eyes.

"I ... don't know," Charles said absentmindedly.

"We need to do something" Connie said desperately. "We can't live in a world filled with drones."

"Tell me about it," Charles replied, nodding his head in concurrence. "We certainly can't live like this."

With that, Charles gazed over at his mother and sister. Connie followed his gaze.

"What do you want to do?" Connie asked after a moment of silence.

"I was serious when I told Clyde about the nuclear reactors and stuff like that," Charles said, not taking his eyes off his mother and sister. "There is a ton of things that go on day to day that we take for granted. Have you ever watched one of those 'end of the world' series?"

"No," Connie replied softly, "I'm not into that kind of stuff."

"Well, I have," stated Charles, letting out a heavy sigh before going on, "and I can tell you one thing: while there are a lot of failsafe devices out there protecting the world from destruction and most of them work just fine when an emergency occurs, they still need humans to monitor them and to fix them if things go wrong. If people don't react to a situation, then eventually the failsafe device breaks and then things go from bad to worse. That's what I'm thinking about right now, that and what is going on around the world as we sit here. Clyde called himself the 'Master of Earth' and he claimed that he had taken control of everyone on Earth, not just our town. In that case, there are people walking around naked in some inhospitable locations. True we're in springtime here, but what about the people living in Alaska or Siberia. Are there people out there freezing to death because nobody has the brains to get dressed?"

"So," asked Connie in a serious tone, "what do you want to do?"

"I want to use my mom and sister as test subjects," Charles said, glancing over at Connie. "I want to try and get them to behave normally, before we try and mess with the rest of the world."

"Sounds logical," Connie acknowledged, nodding her head as she spoke, "and how do you plan to proceed?"

"When we were being shot at," Charles stated, "we both screamed for the cops to stop firing. I didn't feel any pain."

"Now that you mention it," murmured Connie thoughtfully, "I didn't either!"

"I don't know whether it was because we were touching each other or," said Charles, "because we spoke our commands simultaneously. Whatever the reason, neither of us felt pain. I'd like the two of us to work together and command my mother to behave normally. It might work."

"It might," Connie replied slowly, "but the question is what is 'normal'? Can telling someone to behave normally, make them normal again?"

"We won't know until we try," answered Charles.

"True," nodded Connie thoughtfully. Then she sighed. "I'm ready when you are."

"All right then," stated Charles, "My mother's name is Caroline. We should use that when we command her. What I want to do is hold hands, you and me. Then we will both think the command at the same time. Hopefully it will work."

"And what do you want to try as a command?" asked Connie.

"I want us to say, 'Caroline ... you are no longer a slave of the Master of Earth," Charles stated slowly, looking at Connie as he spoke the words. "You are free of the commands of the Master of Earth. Remember who you are and be free to do as you will."

"That's a lot," said Connie thoughtfully; "maybe we should write it down and read it off together. I think that would work better. We need to say the same thing without screwing it up."

"Okay we'll try it your way," agreed Charles with a nod. "I'll go and get a pen and paper and write it down for us."

Charles hurried out of the room and headed up to his bedroom. It took only a minute or two for Charles to find a pad of paper and a pen. Then it took another minute for him to write down the command. Connie waited patiently for his return.

"Okay then," Charles said on his return. "Are you ready?"

"As ready as I'll ever be," replied Connie, sighing heavily as she spoke. "Let's get this over with."

Charles stood before Connie and extended his left hand to her, offering it to her to aid in getting off the couch where she was still sitting. Connie took it and stood up. Her hand was much smaller than his.

Together they stepped across the room and stood hand in hand in front of Caroline Ralston. They both gazed at the paper that Charles held in his right hand. Then at a count of three, they started reading aloud simultaneously.

"Caroline ... you are no longer a slave of the Master of Earth," both of them stated slowly, their voice merging into one as they intoned the words, and their eyes gazing intently at Caroline Ralston. "You are free of the commands of the Master of Earth. Remember who you are and be free to do as you will."

There was no pain for either of them. They waited a minute in silence.

Caroline Ralston's eyes blinked for a moment or two and closed as if she was resting. At the same time her body became relaxed.

"Mom..." Charles said softly, "are you okay?"

Caroline Ralston's eyes fluttered open. They stared at Charles for a minute, and then they glanced over at Connie. Finally, she glanced about the living room and looked at her daughter, who was sitting beside her.

"Yes son," Caroline answered softly, a smile forming on her lips. "I'm fine!"

"Do you know what is going on right now?" Charles asked, wording things cautiously.

"What's going on?" Caroline repeated in a low voice. "Yes, of course I do ... you and your pretty friend were just talking to me."

"Do you remember why you're at home and not at work?" Charles asked, being more direct with this question.

"Well..." Caroline said slowly in reply. "I remember getting this urge to clean the house today, so I stayed home and did that."

"Do you remember anything about this morning that was unusual?" Charles asked pointedly. "Do you remember anything at all?"

"Yes dear," Caroline replied, giving Charles a warm smile as she did. "I woke this morning and made love to Melissa, and then I took her to your father so that he could deflower her. Melissa licked me to a fantastic orgasm while your dad fucked her. After that I went to your bedroom and fucked you awake."

"And how does that memory make you feel?" Charles asked cautiously.

"How does it make me feel?" repeated Caroline thoughtfully. "Well, it angers me a little. Mothers shouldn't fuck their sons, at least not without using a condom. After all, I could be pregnant with your child right now."

"Is that all that's bothering you Mom?" Charles asked, looking deep into his mother's eyes.

"Of course son," Caroline replied, "I know that incest is wrong, but I have to admit that the sex was good."

"Okay..." Charles said slowly, "and if I asked you to sleep in my bed tonight, would you?"

"Of course honey," Caroline said, giving her son a big smile as she replied, "after all you're my Master."

That word struck Charles silent. His eyes grew wide with disbelief and his mouth fell open in response. For a moment or two, Charles was oblivious to everything. Then he felt an urgent tug on his arm. The tugging was Connie, drawing him away from where they had been standing, leading him towards the entrance to Charles' living room. In a daze, Charles surrendered to Connie's urgings and followed her.

"So it didn't work?" Connie whispered when they were finally a few feet away from Charles' mother and sister.

"I don't know," Charles answered, giving Connie a hesitant look before turning his attention back to his mother. "I'm not certain yet. Maybe one more question."

"Tell me Mom" asked Charles raising his voice and directing it at his mother, "what are your plans for tomorrow?"

"Plans... ?" Caroline said, repeating Charles' question again. "Well ... after seeing Melissa and you off to school, I'll be going to work. There's a staff meeting first thing in the morning. After that, I have some books to pack up and register in the computer system. Then I'll cover off the main desk for the lunch hour. Finally I'll put away the books in the return cart before the end of my shift. After work..."

"And will you be having sex with anyone?" Charles asked interrupting his mother.

His mother paused for a moment and stared into Charles' face. There was no indication of shock or anger. Instead, her expression was one of deep thought. After a moment, Caroline Ralston answered.

"No honey," she replied, "I won't be having sex tomorrow. You told me this morning ... no more sex, and I always obey my master."

"Thanks Mom," said Charles in reply, giving his mom a smile. "And I appreciate that you do obey. Now why don't you go and start getting supper started. Dad will be home soon, and I'm certain that he will be hungry."

"Alright son," Caroline Ralston said to her son. "I'll do that."

Then without another word, Charles' mother stood up and walked out of the room.

"You know," Connie said as she walked out of sight, "you can let go of my hand now."

"Sorry," apologized Charles, letting go of his grip on the girl's hand. "I got so wrapped up in the questions, I forgot."

"Yeah," said Connie thoughtfully. "That can happen. So what do you think?"

Charles looked at Connie for a moment and then looked over at his sister who was still sitting in an overstuffed chair, looking zombie-like out into space. Charles took a deep breath and sighed.

"Let's talk outside, okay?" Charles asked, looking awkwardly at Connie.

Connie looked at Charles for a moment and then over at his sister.

"Okay," she said a moment later.
Chapter 9
Posted: April 24, 2015 - 07:50:25 am

Charles led Connie through his house and out into his backyard. Connie followed silently. They ignored Caroline Ralston as they went by her. She was busy peeling carrots at the kitchen sink. She ignored them as well.

"Sorry," apologized Charles once more, still looking a little awkward.

"It's okay Charles," Connie said, giving Charles a smile. "I understand. It must feel weird talking about this in front of your sister."

"Yeah, it is," agreed Charles, nodding his head as he replied, "and it's embarrassing as well. You see ... my mom isn't the only one to screw me this morning. I came upon Melissa and my dad as they were finishing up. Melissa spotted me and went for it. I tried to escape but I tripped and ... well she mounted me and then rode me till we both came. Now all I can visualize is my sister's naked body as she orgasmed."

"Okay..." Connie said slowly in response, looking both embarrassed and irritated. "I can see where that would freak you out, but we need to talk about this. I mean ... come on Charles ... the world is fucked up and we need to sort it out. Now if I can focus on this then so can you ... I mean this hasn't just happened to you."

Charles' mouth opened and then it closed. He looked at Connie and she looked back, angrily. Charles looked down at his feet and felt awkward again. Then he looked up and noticed a tear running down Connie's cheek. He felt like a heel. Connie brushed the tear away with the sleeve of his 'hoodie'.

"Sorry, again," Charles said softly. "I forgot about you and what you must have gone through. I'm really sorry!"

"Forget it," Connie answered, brushing Charles words aside with a look that told him she wasn't ready to talk about this. "Let's just get this over with, okay."

"Yeah..." Charles said slowly with a nod, realizing that he had really fucked things up with Connie. Unfortunately now wasn't the time to fix it. Maybe later he thought to himself as he turned his mind to the issue at hand and resumed their conversation. "Well, I think we can get the world back up on its feet. I know that my mother is not back to being normal. In fact, she's far from normal but that's fine. What's important is that she is functioning as a person."

"Yeah a person on autopilot!" interrupted Connie, giving Charles an angry look as she did. "We need more than that. We need people who can think independently and function without us telling them what is right and what is wrong, and going 'Yes Master' every time we ask somebody to do something."

"I know we do," Charles replied, nodding his head in acknowledgement, "but for now functioning is good. It will get the world back to work for today and for the next little while. It will allow people to do the work they're supposed to be doing, thus keeping us safe and alive while we figure out how to break this slave thing."

"And what if we can't free them?" Connie asked bluntly. "What if we're stuck babysitting the world for the rest of our lives? What do we do then?"

"Connie," Charles said his voice filled with frustration. "I'm just as worried about this as you are. So our first try wasn't a resounding success. Well, I'm not ready to give up and play puppet master. I say we try this first. Then we start experimenting. Hopefully, we will be able to break Clyde's 'Master of Earth' programming and hopefully, it will not take the rest of our lives to do it. I know it appears impossible, but I'm not ready to give up yet, so the question is ... are you ready to help me out?"

Connie looked at Charles for a minute and then started pacing back and forth about his backyard. Every once and a while, Connie stopped and looked at Charles. Charles stayed silent and let her think. Finally, Connie stopped in front of Charles and stared him in the eye.

"When you say experiment," Connie said firmly, "do you mean that we're going to manipulate people?"

"Maybe," Charles replied, returning her stare, "if we need to and only if we need to do it. I'm not thrilled with the whole control thing you know, but if all else fails and we can't free everyone ... well, maybe with some tweaking we can make people behave as close to normal as possible."

"For now I'll accept it as being possibly necessary," Connie stated coldly, "but I want your promise that our end goal is to free people from being anyone's slave. I never dreamed of commanding people to do my bidding, and I don't want to get use to it. Personally, I want to wake up and find that this is all a bad dream, but I don't think it will happen. Now if you want my help, I want your promise."

"You do have my promise Connie," Charles declared in a firm voice. "Look, I don't want to be anyone's master either. Personally, I'd like to remember my mother and sister without seeing them having orgasms while riding my cock. However, you and I are going to have to accept that this day has changed us forever. Now it's up to us to work together ... like partners ... and hopefully in the end we'll put things right. So what do you say?"

Connie said nothing for a moment, her face cold and rigid and her eyes steeled with anger and resentment. Charles stayed silent and waited. Finally Connie's shoulders slumped and her glare faltered, giving way to a heavy sigh of acceptance. In the end, Connie nodded her head in agreement, extending her hand towards Charles as she did. Charles took it and gave it a firm handshake.

"Good," Charles stated with relief, giving Connie a reassuring smile again. "Then let's get down to work. Okay?"

"Okay!" Connie replied with some enthusiasm, "Let's get to work."

Charles released Connie's hand and then told her to wait for him while he ran in the house and got paper and pen again. Connie waited patiently, lost in her own thoughts.

When Charles returned, the two of them sat and discussed the wording of the command that they were going to try and broadcast to the world. They considered what they wanted to achieve and they referred to what they had already tried with Charles' mother. It took them a few drafts to get what they wanted down on the paper.

When they were finally ready, Connie suggested that they think about the people of the world as a whole. As she explained to Charles, she felt that they needed to get in the right frame of mind, before broadcasting their order. Charles thought about it for a second, and then agreed. As he saw it, it couldn't hurt and in the long run, it might just help.

"Okay," said Connie calmly, "let's hold on to each other's hands first. Then while we're doing that, we should focus on the people of Earth. We both want the best for them so we should clear our minds of everything else and only think about helping the Earth. Then when you feel ready, squeeze my hand. When you do that, I'll do the count down. At zero, we read the command. Okay?"

"Okay!" Charles said in a firm voice.

"Good, then let's start!" Connie replied.

Connie and Charles did exactly as they had agreed. They thought about the Earth and the need to make it right. They were calm and they were focused. After a minute or two, Charles squeezed Connie's hand and she counted down just as she said she would. At zero they read the command.

"People of the world," they said as one, "listen to us. The Master of Earth is no more. You need not obey him any longer. You are free to think and to live as you did before he commanded you to obey. With our words, we free you. You can now return to your lives. You can live, love, and do as you did, before the Master of Earth commanded you. You can go back to your jobs, your studies, or your children and live free once more. Open your eyes and unshackle your brains. You can return to your lives free. Embrace the world and remember your place in it. Open your minds once more and be part of the Earth. Remember, people of the world, who you are and be free to do as you will."

Then they stopped and stood in silence and listened. They listened for the world to respond. They waited for a while.

"Did it work?" Connie asked after a couple of minutes had passed.

"I don't know," Charles said in reply. "I guess we'll have to ask someone."

"Your sister?" Connie asked.

"Yeah, my sister!" replied Charles.

Then still holding Connie's hand in his, Charles led her back into his house.
Chapter 10
Posted: April 24, 2015 - 11:00:06 am

"Hi honey..." Charles mother said as they passed through the kitchen into the house, "will your friend be staying for supper?"

"No Mrs. Ralston," Connie answered firmly, as Charles turned to question her. "I've got to get home soon myself."

"Okay dear," replied Caroline Ralston with a smile, "just remember that you're always welcome here."

"I will Mrs. Ralston," nodded Connie.

"That was weird!" Charles declared as they stepped out of the kitchen and into the hallway that separated the kitchen from the living room. "My mom responded to you as if you were familiar, like you were an old friend or something."

"Maybe our command left a residual affect," Connie suggested, shrugging her shoulders as she paused and looked back at Caroline Ralston. "Maybe..."

"Damn!" came a cry from the living room.

Charles and Connie stepped into it and looked about. Melissa was standing in front of the television set, clicking away with the remote.

"There's nothing on the television," bemoaned Melissa upon noticing Charles and Connie. "All the channels are dead."

"Maybe they're having broadcasting problems right now." Connie suggested casually. "Give it an hour or so and then try again."

"Okay," Melissa murmured softly, "I'll do that."

As she spoke, she turned off the television and put down the remote.

"How do you feel sis," Charles asked his sister as she turned back to face Connie and him.

"Good," Melissa replied, "Why do you ask?"

"Well," interjected Connie, "it's been a screwed up day and Charles was worried about you."

"God that's nice bro," Melissa said with affection. Then she walked over to Charles and kissed him tenderly on the cheek. "Thanks ... it has been a screwed up day, but I'm fine now, so don't worry abut me. I guess I'll go and read for a while. At least until supper and then maybe the television will be working. Bye now."

"Before you go Melissa,." Charles said as his sister moved away from him and started heading out of the room, "I've got a couple of questions for you, if you don't mind."

"Sure Charlie," Melissa replied, stopping in the entrance to the living room. "I'll answer anything you'd like to ask me."

"Do you remember this morning at all?" Charles asked bluntly.

"Yeah," Melissa replied her face colouring as she started to remember. "Mom licked me wake and gave me a great orgasm. Then I licked Mom while Dad fucked me. Then I fucked you."

"And what do you think about it?" Connie asked with interest.

"Well ... it's a little embarrassing to talk about," Melissa replied, glancing aside as she spoke. "I mean it was my first time and everything, and well ... it's something you don't normally talk about with your brother."

"But you fucked me,..." Charles pointed out.

"True," Melissa said, nodding her head in acknowledgement, "so I guess I shouldn't be too embarrassed about talking about it. Still ... it feels strange."

"Please Melissa," Charles asked his sister, "please tell us how you feel about what happened this morning."

"Okay Charlie," Melissa replied, giving her brother a warm smile, "I'll tell you. Well ... being eaten out by Mom was fun and eating her out was interesting. It was the first pussy I'd ever tasted, but I enjoyed it. I've always been a little curious about that, but I've never done anything about it. After all, it only takes one person to call you a 'dyke' and then everyone is calling you a lesbian, which by the way I'm not. Still, mom's pussy tasted great. As for sex with daddy, well his popping of my cherry was naturally painful, but afterwards it felt good and he gave me a great big orgasm. As for sex with you ... well that was great as well."

"But what do you think about it Mel..." Charles asked firmly, "I know you enjoyed it ... but are you mad about it? Do you think you did something wrong? Do you think Mom and Dad did something wrong?"

"Well, yeah..." Melissa replied looking thoughtfully at Charles and Connie. "I know that incest is wrong and that dad essentially raped me, but ... I don't feel angry about it or upset. I don't know why but ... I know that it wasn't dad's fault, no more than it was my fault that I tripped you and then rode your cock."

Just then, the front door to the house opened and in walked Charles' dad. The man was still naked.

"Dad's home Mom!" called Melissa, as she turned and gazed out of the living room and into the hallway. "And he's naked as a jaybird."

"Hi honey," Ted Ralston said upon seeing his daughter. Putting down his briefcase by the front door, he walked over to her and gave her a kiss on the cheek. Then he turned to Charles and smiled.

"Hi sport," said Charles' father, "how was your day?"

"Awkward Dad, very awkward," replied Charles hesitantly, "and how was yours?"

"Good," Ted Ralston replied, giving his son a smile, "but a bit strange. Half my office was out for the day and they didn't even call in. It was all the female personnel. Of course, nobody really noticed until a half hour ago, and then it was like 'wham', somebody hit us between the eyes and we all woke up. Then we realized that we were all naked. That was funny. I mean you'd think we would have noticed that the first thing this morning. Still, nobody was upset about it. What was even weirder was the fact that everyone was fucking or blowing someone else. It was a complete orgy at the bank. Thank god nobody came in today. My boss let everyone go home since not much work was getting done. So here I am. Now are you going to introduce me to your friend?"

Instinctively, Charles looked over at Connie before replying. The look on Connie's face told him that Connie wasn't in the mood to meet his father, especially since his father was standing there with his cock dangling out in front of him. Biting his lower lip, Charles turned back and faced his father.

"Not today Dad," Charles said in a firm manner, "I think you should go upstairs, take a shower and get dressed. Okay?"

"Okay son," Ted Ralston said, still smiling at Charles and Connie. "I'll do that right now."

Then Charles' father turned and walked away. A moment later he was heading up to his bedroom to do as Charles had suggested.

Charles then turned to Melissa.

"Why don't you go up to your room and read for a bit, Mel," Charles suggested. "At least until Mom calls us for supper."

"Sounds good to me bro," Melissa replied, giving her brother another smile as she spoke.

Then without another word, Melissa turned and walked out of the room.

"Sorry about that" Charles apologized as he turned back and gazed at Connie.

Connie looked away. Her face was flushed and tears were welling in her eyes. Unable to face Charles she walked over to the living room window and stared out. Unfortunately, that wasn't much help to her. Outside cars were pulling up into driveways and naked men were getting out of them. Connie threw her hands up to cover her eyes. Then she turned away.

"Can I get you something?" Charles asked after a second or two. "Maybe another drink?"

"No!" Connie sniffled in reply.

The room fell silent again. It remained that way for a moment or two while Connie continued to sniffle and cry in the corner of the room. Then without a warning, Connie wiped her eyes dry once more, and then turned and faced Charles.

"Sorry," apologized Connie.

"It's understandable," Charles reassured her, "considering the day we've had. It's a wonder that we're both still standing."

"I killed my mother's boyfriend," Connie declared out of the blue.

"What?" stammered Charles in response.

"He raped me this morning and sodomized me." Connie continued, blurting out her story while ignoring Charles' reaction. "I had been sleeping on my stomach when he took me. At first I was too stunned to react. I don't even think that I thought of anything. All I could do was to scream in pain as he deflowered me and then to scream some more as he sodomized me. Only when he was done, did my mind focus enough to decide that I had to get away. The moment he pulled out of me, I pushed away from him and ran. Unfortunately, he followed me into my upstairs hallway. Then he started with that blasted chant that Clyde had everyone saying. He wanted more and I had to do something to stop him, so I grabbed a candlestick holder that my mother had bought at a yard sale a few years ago. I hit him and kept hitting him until he stopped moving. Then I ran. I ran downstairs calling for my mother. I found her on the doorsteps having sex. She was blowing the paperboy while the milkman fucked her doggie style. I screamed in horror. My mother didn't even blink. All she did was pop the kid's dick out of her mouth and chant those words. Then the mailman and the paperboy started chanting them. I just stood there too shocked to move. My mother, the milkman, and the paperboy made a move for me. My mother actually took hold of me by the wrist and tried to pull me down so they could have sex with me. All the time she just kept on chanting those words. I finally snapped. I screamed at them to stop."

"And they stopped," Charles said softly.

"Yeah ... they stopped just like that!" Connie said, as she wiped tears from her eyes. "That was when I noticed other people moving around naked, other people chanting those words. I yelled at them as well and they stopped. It was that simple. If I hadn't panicked Bert would still be alive. But I did. That bastard Clyde made me a murderer."

"It was self defence Connie," Charles said firmly gazing sympathetically at her as he spoke. "You were raped against your will and you didn't have a chance. It wasn't your fault. None of this is your fault ... or mine. Clyde did this to the world. I got off lucky. True my mother and sister technically raped me, but ... it's not the same. I know it's not the same but what I'm trying to say is that you didn't have a choice."

"It doesn't change the fact that Bert is dead," Connie whispered softly turning away from Charles as she spoke, "and from the look of things, nobody will miss him."

Charles walked over and put his arms around Connie. Connie went tense, but she didn't say anything.

"You'll remember him Connie," Charles said softly, "and so will I, and perhaps when we sort out this mess, maybe your mother will as well."

Then he squeezed her affectionately and let go of her.

"Maybe," Connie said after a moment or two. "Still it doesn't change the present. Bert is dead and the world is fucked up. We're got people functioning again but they're not perfect. Nobody cares about what happened this morning and they're oblivious to things that should matter, and while you don't have to order them around continuously, both your mother and sister are your obedient slaves, willing to do anything that you ask of them."

"Still people are functioning Connie," Charles protested, "and that in the immediate is what is important. So for now, we have everyone back doing the things that we need them to do to keep our world safe."

"Sorry," Connie said shaking her head as she spoke. "I know you're right, but right now I need to go home and deal with Bert's body."

"Do you want me to come along and help out?" Charles offered.

"No," replied Connie, shaking her head again. "This is something I need to do myself. Don't worry though, I'll be fine. I'll see you at school tomorrow and we can talk. Maybe a night's sleep will help us come up with a solution to this whole mess."

"Maybe," Charles said, trying to sound reassuring. "I'll give you my cell phone number, just in case. You can call me if you need me. Okay?"

"All right," Connie murmured reluctantly in response, forcing herself to smile as she did, her face clouded with emotions.

Charles just ignored it. Quickly he jotted down his number and handed it to her. A second later Connie was gone.
Chapter 11
Posted: April 25, 2015 - 09:06:28 am

Charles watched Connie leave, staring after her as she hurried away. She was still wearing his 'hoodie'. He had asked her if she wanted to borrow some of his sister's clothing; at least some panties and maybe a pair of sandals for her feet. Connie had said no. There wasn't much to say after that. As he watched her leave, Charles thought about Connie and what she had said to him. When she was no longer in sight, Charles went and sat down on the couch. Silently he turned on the television, ensuring that it was muted. All the channels were still black. Biting his lower lip once more, he put down the remote and started to think.

Charles felt sorry for Connie. True the world had turned upside down for him as well, but he had survived essentially unscathed. Connie on the other hand had suffered greatly. First she had been raped and sodomized, and then she had killed the guy who had done it. She had sought help from her mother and was almost raped a second time. Then there was Clyde. True she hadn't killed him, but she had wanted to badly. Seeing him after the cops had emptied eight cartridges into him had taken a lot out of her. Now she was on her way home to deal with her mother's boyfriend's body. Life sucked the big one. Thankfully, he had been smart enough to keep his mouth shut. Charles wasn't sure how sympathetic Connie would have been if he had mentioned his father's attempt to have sex with him. Maybe she'd listen politely one day, but not today. Charles really should have gone with her, but Connie had insisted that she had to do this alone. Hopefully, everything would turn out okay.

About then the television channel started flickering. A minute later the news came on.

Charles turned up the sound and sat back to listen.

The news wasn't good. There had been massive deaths that morning, not only locally but from around the world. Government officials in every country were reporting that their countries had suffered enormous losses. No country could give a firm number at the moment, because emergency services were still searching for victims, but the reports placed a conservative estimate at over three million dead.

That caused Charles to sigh heavily and shake his head. He thought of Clyde and cursed him under his breath.

The reports stated that for a period of almost six hours, the world had suffered a massive trauma. Something had happened, that had sent the population of the Earth into what some psychiatrists were calling a 'psychotic crisis'. People had engaged in unrestrained sexual depravity, regardless of where they were or what they were doing when the urge hit. People driving cars, crashed their vehicles when the urge hit them. This occurred to people operating all kinds of vehicles, including pilots who crashed their planes as they joined with their passengers, coupling madly as their planes plummeted to the ground. It happened everywhere and people paid for this 'crisis' with their lives. Then just as it had inexplicitly started the crisis ended. People woke from the crisis naked, either at work or at home or in their schools. So far, no one knew whether the crisis had been caused by terrorists or by solar flares or even by aliens.

Charles watched with interest. When he became bored with one commentator, he changed the channel and tried another. Every channel was covering the event. There was nothing else on but the news.

What interested Charles the most about these news reports was the manner that they were being reported in. The reporters, both famous and local, did their jobs professionally. They all stood by and watched as bodies were pulled from the wreckage of burnt out vehicles and they droned on about the event. They interviewed people about what had happened and the people droned on about what had happened. They interviewed the police and the government and these people droned on about what had happened. None cried over the dead. Not one person, victim or witness showed any emotions. No one mentioned a state of emergency nor were there indignant calls for an investigation. The crisis had happened. People had sex. People had been raped. People had died because of people having sex, but no one showed any emotion as they reported it.

That worried Charles. It worried him a lot.

The good news was that people were up and functioning. Charles watched the television and noted that the people who should be responding, the police and emergency services, were responding to the situation. True there was no emotion or sense of urgency in their actions, but they were responding. People were being rescued, the dead were being cleaned up, and the gears of the world were turning. There wasn't any sparkle but things were happening. Charles could even hear the sirens of rescue vehicles moving throughout his neighbourhood responding to calls for help. One of those calls was probably from Connie. That thought saddened him the most.

When supper was ready, Charles joined his family at the table. It tasted good so that was reassuring. It meant that people still knew how to do the things that they were supposed to know. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a quiet meal. Charles didn't feel like talking and that feeling silenced his family. There were no questions about the day from either parents or any mindless banter from Melissa about the dumb things that her friends had done at school that day. There was no discussion whatsoever. The silence was so thick that it disturbed Charles, causing to pick at his supper. After a half hearted attempt at eating his meal, Charles excused himself.

Charles was concerned with how people were reacting, or more appropriately, how they weren't reacting. For a while, he stood around just watching his family interact. Normally, after supper, his mother and father would retire to the living room to watch the news while Charles and his sister did the dishes. Tonight was no different.

Except, unlike other nights there was no life in his parents. Charles recalled that both his mother and father were vibrant people, both on the low side of thirty-plus and that both held strong views on politics and current events. Every night they would rip the evening news apart as they watched it. Charles remembered hearing them arguing over differing opinions or agreeing loudly with each other when they had seen eye to eye. Tonight they were silent. They watched the news but that was it and although the news was horrendous, it seemed like it was making no impact on them at all.

As for Melissa, normally she would have complained about doing dishes with her brother. She did this every night even though she had been doing dishes with Charles for over six years now. It was part of the routine and part of her character. Tonight she said nothing. After their parents had left the dinner table, she simply got up and started clearing the table. She didn't even call Charles to help.

Charles watched for a minute or two, thinking about what was happening. Again, Melissa said nothing. She didn't complain that he wasn't helping, as he should. After a minute or two of watching her, Charles had a thought. He wanted to test her, to see if she would react to something.

"Mel," Charles said in an innocent manner, settling himself at the kitchen table as he did "I really liked seeing you naked this morning sis and I was thinking that it would be nice to see you do the dishes naked. What do you think?"

Melissa stopped in her tracks and stared at Charles for a second. Charles returned her stare. He noted that his sister wasn't showing any emotion at all.

"It sounds okay to me," Melissa said a moment later. With that, she put down the dishes she was carrying and quickly stripped, tossing her clothing into a pile beside the kitchen counter as she did. Then once she was naked, Melissa went back to doing the dishes.

Charles sighed softly to himself. His sister hadn't even blinked at the suggestion that she strip for him, and he hadn't even implied that it was a command. She had just done it because he had asked her. Well, one more test he thought to himself, and then ... he'd move on.

Standing, he walked over to where his sister stood before the kitchen sink, running water into it. Charles reached down with his right hand and placed it on his sister's naked ass cheek. Melissa didn't even flinch. She did however turn her head and look at him. There wasn't any emotion in her face at all.

"Yes Charles," Melissa said in response to his touch.

Charles leaned in and kissed his sister on the lips. Melissa returned the kiss willingly, parting her lips as she did. Charles held the kiss for a minute or two, thrusting his tongue into her mouth, teasing Melissa's tongue with the tip of his. Melissa responded eagerly. Then Charles pulled away.

He looked into his sister's face. She was smiling at him and she was happy, and there was a little flushing of colour in her cheeks, but there was nothing else. She had responded to his kiss physically, but not emotionally. Charles let go of her ass cheek and stepped away.

"I'm going out for the evening sis," Charles said softly, "so you'll have to do the dishes alone."

"Okay Charles," Melissa said in reply. Then without another word, she went back to doing the dishes.

Silently Charles walked out of his house with his head hung low and his heart heavy with emotion.

Chapter 12
Posted: April 25, 2015 - 11:10:43 am

For the next little while Charles walked around his neighbourhood casually observing people doing things. He watched people returning home from work. He watched them go into to their homes and he watched them greet their families just as they probably did every day. He watched mothers bringing home their children, old women walking their dogs and men mowing their lawns. Simply put, Charles watched people being normal, just as Connie and he had ordered them to be. The only problem was that they were doing everything without any spark of life. In fact, they behaved like the drones that Clyde had made of them, oblivious of their behaviour and oblivious of world around them. Not one of them took notice of Charles even when he walked up to their windows and looked into their homes, and they certainly didn't take notice of anything beyond their homes, like the local emergency service cleaning up the wreck that Charles had spotted earlier in the day, or the bodies of those that had died in the crash. It was very disheartening to observe. Thus after about an hour, Charles stopped observing. By then he had ended up in the neighbourhood park.

Kids were playing here and they were being watched by their parents. Charles smiled to himself. It was a small pocket of humanity and that made Charles happy. It would allow him to observe and that is what he did. He sat himself down on a park bench near one of the sandboxes and watched. It didn't take long for him to observe a few things.

The park was a small one, more suited for younger children than for kids Charles' age. As such, that was who was there. Not many but some. The sight of them got Charles thinking.

Children were running, playing, and falling. The mothers and the few fathers present in the park sat and watched their children. However, unlike what normally occurred when children fell, no one reacted. The child didn't cry when they hurt themselves and the parent didn't rush to the aid of the child. The child just picked itself up and went back to playing, ignoring their tumble whether they had really injured themselves or not.

Charles watched and thought about it for a moment or two. Then he tried an experiment. A child was making a sand castle. Charles walked over and deliberately stepped on it. The child looked at him but said nothing. The parent looked at Charles, but said nothing. The child went back to making a sand castle. Charles decided to try something else.

Charles glanced about the park and spotted some kids playing kick ball. Charles thought about how kids normally acted. How some would cry when they got hurt playing or when they didn't win at what they were playing. Charles also thought about how their parents' or caregivers would normally react. Charles gazed intently at the children and then at the adults sitting on the benches. He focused his thoughts and projected them.

Just then, a boy tripped another boy. He had tried to kick the ball. Instead, he had missed and he had tripped his playmate. The other child fell. He went down with a yelp and a thud. The next moment, the stillness of the park was broken by crying. The child cried as a normal child would when they hurt themselves. Charles smiled.

Off on a nearby bench a young woman rose and hurried over to the boy. It took only a moment. Charles stood and watched as the woman picked the boy up, brushed off his knee, looked at it and then brushed away his tears. Charles couldn't hear what she was saying to the child, but a moment later the child had stopped wailing and silence fell over the park once more. The child went back to playing and the woman went back to the bench.

Charles was pleased with his experiment. To him it was a good first try. Still it wasn't perfect. While the kid's mother had reacted to what had happened, no one else had. That made Charles wonder about what was needed to cause everyone to react. He knew that instinctively, every parent would at least look at the sound of a crying child, just to make sure it wasn't his or hers. Charles looked around the park a little more. He needed to try another experiment. His eyes fell on the mother of the boy who had cried.

Charles walked up to the parent. She was an attractive, twenty-something Asian woman, with long flowing black hair, who was wearing a white blouse and gray slacks. The blouse was open at the top two buttons and her cleavage was clearly visible. Charles moved behind her and reaching over her shoulder, slipped his hand into her blouse. Gently, he wrapped his hand about her bra clad breast, squeezing it carefully as he got a good grip upon it. The woman didn't even flinch. She did however glance back at him.

Charles smiled at the woman and immediately she smiled back. Then Charles let go of her breast and pulled his hand out of her blouse. Turning away, he focused his attention on one of the male parents. Charles ordered him to do the same to the woman. Again, the woman didn't even flinch.

Charles sat down upon a bench opposite to the woman and stared at her. He thought for a moment and then made a decision. He had told Connie that he was going to experiment. The woman would be his first try. He cleared his mind and then thought about the woman. Silently, he thought about what was appropriate behaviour. Having a man grab your breast in public was certainly inappropriate. If a person copped a feel without your permission, you should get upset. In fact, you should at the very least make a scene. Charles thought about this, and projected it to the woman.

When he was done, Charles picked the same man again and after a few gentle tweaks, he sent him over to the woman. The woman took no notice of him. The man reached into her blouse and squeezed her tit. This time the woman went ballistic. Instantly she leapt to her feet and faced the man. She screamed and shouted with indignation. Charles smiled with satisfaction.

Interestingly, the other women in the park reacted in the same manner as the Asian woman. They rose in shock at what the man had done, expressing their own indignation quite verbally. Charles watched while the man apologized vehemently just as Charles had programmed him to do, and then satisfied with the result of his experiment Charles smoothed it all over with a thought, making everyone forget that the incident had happened.

Then Charles completed his experiment. Cautiously he walked up to the Asian woman once more. Stepping behind her, he noticed that she had not even taken notice of him. Again, he reached down and slipped his hand into her blouse, this time slipping his fingers beneath the fabric of her bra. The woman didn't even flinch, nor did the other women in the park take notice. She did however purr with pleasure in response to his touch. Smiling to himself, Charles mischievously pinched the woman's nipple and then moved on. He stepped behind the woman sitting beside the Asian woman. She was an African-American woman, with a fuller body, who was slightly older, and wearing a dress. Charles stood behind her and paused for a moment. Then he reached into her dress and took hold of her breast. This woman responded by clasping her hand to his, forcing him to squeeze her breast. Charles happily squeezed her tit twice and then released it.

Biting his lip, Charles looked about the playground. His eyes fell upon another young mother who was playing in the sandbox with her toddler. The woman was bent over and wearing a skirt. Charles walked boldly over. Reaching down, he placed his hand on the round of the woman's ass. The woman failed to react. Charles pulled the woman's skirt up, exposing her panties. Again, she did not react, nor did the other women in the park. Smiling with satisfaction, Charles reached between the woman's legs and stroked her sex through the fabric of her panties. The woman willingly bore back against his fingers, forcing her sex against them. He did this for about three minutes, stopping only when he felt wetness beginning to soak the material.

Satisfied, Charles replaced the woman's clothing and then turned his gaze on a man who was walking by, pushing a child in a stroller. With a gentle nudge, Charles sent the man over to the woman that he had just molested, commanding him to do the same. The results put a smile on Charles' face. The woman, upon feel the man's hand reach between her legs, pulled away and spun on her heels. Her hand came up and slapped the man across the face. Shrieks of indignation filled the air, both from the woman and the other women in the park. Even the children stopped their play and took notice, as did the fathers that had been watching them.

Of course, after a moment or two, Charles smoothed things over once more, calming everyone down. Then Charles turned and walked out of the park. For the first time that day, he felt positive about what had happened. Smiling to himself, he walked back home.

Charles didn't actually go home. Instead, as he walked up his driveway, he paused and stood for a moment. While he stood, he thought the same commands as in the park towards the women in his house, and in the Taylor's house. Then smiling to himself, he walked over to the Taylor's. The back door was unlocked so he just opened it and walked in.

"Hello..." Charles said as he entered the Taylor's kitchen.

Anna Taylor was standing at the counter drying dishes. Her eyes widened with happiness at the sight of Charles. Smiling, she returned his hello. It was however, her only reaction. She didn't call for her mother and she didn't demand to know why Charles hadn't knocked before entering their house, and she certainly didn't scream at him to get out.

"Where is everyone?" Charles asked casually.

"Jennifer is in her room listening to music," replied Anna, still smiling happily at Charles, "and my mom is in the bathtub soaking."

"Good," replied Charles with a broad grin on his face, "then when you're done here, I want you to strip out of your clothing and then come up to your mother's bedroom. I need to talk to your mother and sister and of course to you. Okay?"

"Okay Charles!" Anna answered enthusiastically.

With that Charles walked out of the Taylor's kitchen and up the stairs to their second floor. The first person he found was Jennifer. She was very happy to see him as well. Charles told her to strip as well and then ordered her to meet him in her mother's bedroom. After that Charles walked down the hallway and into the Taylor's bathroom.

Katherine Taylor was sitting in her bathtub, washing herself. Her face lit up upon seeing Charles. Charles smiled at her.

"Hello Charles..." Katherine Taylor said cheerfully, oblivious to the fact that she was totally naked in front of the neighbour's teenage son. "What brings you here tonight?"

"Well," replied Charles, grinning happily at the sight before his eyes, "I've come over to finish up some business that started this morning. I have a few questions to ask you and the girls, and then depending on your responses ... I'll either be spending the night here or going home."

"That sounds interesting Charles," said Katherine Taylor in response, failing to pick up on the declaration that he was going to be spending the night in her house. "Well, I'm certainly willing to answer any questions that you might have," Katherine continued, "if you don't mind waiting until I'm done bathing."

"Of course not..." replied Charles, "I'll be happy to wait."

Charles sat beside the tub on the toilet and watched as Katherine Taylor finished her bath. It didn't take long. Then when she got out of the bathtub, Charles picked up a towel and helped with drying her off. He ran the towel up and down Katherine Taylor's long, luscious legs and over her round, firm ass. He dried her pussy and then stood up and dried her large, heavy breasts. Katherine Taylor just let him do it. When she was dry, Charles ran his hand freely over her naked, satiny skin. He smiled as Katherine responded with purrs of enjoyment.

Finally he took Katherine Taylor by the hand. Silently he led her to her bedroom. There they were met by Jennifer and Anna. Both girls were sitting on their mother's bed naked, just as Charles had ordered them. Smiling, Charles ordered Katherine to join them.

"First question," Charles asked the three chocolate skinned beauties. "Prior to today, have any of you had a sexual thought about me?"

"No," replied Katherine Taylor and her daughter Jennifer.

"Yes," replied Anna. The girl smiled at Charles, but that was it. The girl displayed no shyness or embarrassment in her response.

"Tell me about it?" Charles asked Anna.

"Well," said Anna thoughtfully as she recalled the events related to this feeling, "there have been a couple of times in the last year. The first time was last summer. You were cutting our grass and you were wearing only a pair of shorts. Your skin was hard looking and bronzed, and I thought you looked really great, especially since a sheen of perspiration glistened off of you. I could see your muscles bulging. You must have spotted me looking at you because soon after I noticed that your cock was bulging as well. Well, that night I masturbated to that image. Boy did I have a big orgasm. Since then, I've masturbated to that memory a couple of times."

"So, prior to today," Charles asked with interest, "if I had asked you out on a date, would you have said yes?"

"Yeah," replied Anna, grinning happily. "That would have been fun."

"What about you two?" Charles asked Katherine Taylor and her daughter, Jennifer.

"Of course not Charles." replied Katherine firmly, "I'm a mother of two teenage girls, both of whom are old enough to be your girlfriend. It would be ridiculous for me to date the neighbour's son."

That was no surprise to Charles. Still, while he had expected that answer, it was disappointing to hear. What was pleasing was Jennifer's reply.

"Sure Charles," responded Jennifer, "while I've never thought about you sexually, you've always been a good friend. I've always got along with you and I wouldn't have minded if you had asked me out on a date. It might have been fun."

Charles stood there for a moment and stared at the naked girl. Wow he thought to himself. Then he decided to let his curiosity loose.

"Do you mind if I touch your pussies?" Charles asked the three women.

"Not at all!" replied the three women.

Silently Charles step forward and extended his hand. The first pussy he touched belonged to Katherine Taylor. He ran his fingers over her hair covered pubes and let a finger drag along her tight furrow. It was wet ... but from the bath that she had just taken and not from any sense of arousal. Charles then ran his hand over Jennifer's crotch. There he found nothing. The girl was dry as could be. Finally, he placed his fingers between Anna's thighs. The girl was wet ... sopping wet and as his fingers slid into her furrow, she gasped with excitement in response. Encouraged, Charles thrust his index finger into Anna's tight opening. The girl gasped again in response. Charles finger met no resistance. Anna wasn't a virgin.

A smile appeared on Charles' lips.

"Do you have any condoms?" Charles asked Anna's mother.

"Yes Charles," Katherine replied. "They're in my purse."

"Then get them," Charles instructed her. "Get them and bring them here. I'm spending the night with Anna. You can sleep with Jennifer tonight."

"Of course Charles," Katherine responded. "I'll be back in a minute."

Charles dismissed Jennifer, sending her off to bed and waited for Katherine's return. She didn't take too long. Then with a kiss and a final grope, he dismissed her as well. With her gone, Charles stripped out of his clothing and climbed onto the bed with Anna.

Anna looked at him but said nothing. A smile was on her face but there was nothing in it to show that she wanted him. Charles reached out and pulled her to him and kissed her. Anna kissed him back. It was a tentative kiss and it lasted but a moment. When it was done, Charles drew back his face from Anna's, and gazed thoughtfully into the girl's blank eyes. Softly he sighed to himself.

"Tonight we'll have fun Anna," Charles said to the girl, "and hopefully, by morning, when I kiss you, you will kiss me with warmth and passion, and when I look at you, you will look at me with lust and desire. But for now I want you to mount my cock and ride it, while I think about how to command you."

"Yes Charles," Anna murmured in reply, pushing Charles back amongst the pillows of the bed. As she did, Anna reached for one of the condoms that her mother had given them. Carefully, she ripped opened the wrapper and then, with care, slipped it down over Charles' rock hard cock.

Charles smiled with satisfaction as Anna rose up over him, and then without a moment's hesitation, guided his cock into her body.

"Yes!" Charles groaned as Anna sank down engulfing his manhood into her warm, wet pussy. Then he spoke to her.

"Anna," Charles murmured softly as he reached out and cupped her young, firm breasts. "How does it feel to have my cock buried in you pussy?"

"It feels very nice Charles." Anna answered with a tone of detachment.

Charles ignored that voice and what it implied. He knew what he was dealing with and he had an idea about how to overcome the problem, so it didn't matter how Anna reacted at that moment; all that mattered was how she would react in the morning.

Charles squeezed Anna's youthful breasts and twirled one of her plump hard nipples as the girl slowly rose and fell on his cock. He smiled with contentment and as he did, he focused his thoughts on how things should be and as he did, he continued to speak to the girl.

"Well Anna." Charles went on, explaining to the girl his thoughts, "if a person is having sex with another person and they do something that feels nice, the normal response is to sigh or gasp lightly if it is just a little bit nice, or to groan loudly if the nice feeling is very strong. Words like 'yes' can be used as well to communicate with your partner to let them know that they're doing something that pleases you so long as it is said enthusiastically. When the nice feelings become great feelings during sex, then more groans and gasps and words like 'Oh god' are appropriate. Now we're going to fuck for a little while and I want you to pay attention to what I say and do, especially what I do and I want you to remember it. I want you to feel my passion for you and retain that sense and feeling. Okay?"

"Oh yes. Charles," Anna gasped as she rose up on his cock and sank down again. "I'll pay attention and remember. Oh my ... yes!"

Charles smiled and as he smiled he thought about his mother and sister, and Katherine Taylor and her daughter, Jennifer. He pushed his thoughts to them as he pushed his words and commands into Anna. As he did, he pulled Anna's young, firm bosom to his face.

His tongue flickered from his mouth and Charles lapped at Anna's perky nipples as she continued to rise and fall on his cock. God it felt good, Charles thought to himself.

"Oh god, that feels good!" gasped Anna, grinding her sex down against Charles as she responded.

Charles' smiled with satisfaction. It was going to be a long night, but in the end it was going to be worth it.

Chapter 13
Posted: April 25, 2015 - 05:53:22 pm

Connie Adams waited patiently at the main entrance of Sunnyvale High. She was dressed in a white blouse and an ankle length, peasant skirt that was embroidered with wild flowers. She had on her trademark floppy spring hat and her big oval glasses. About her shoulders, Connie had thrown Charles' 'hoodie'. Her long straight red hair hung over her shoulders, covering her youthful bosom.

Connie had gotten there early, impatient to get away from her home and the memories that haunted her. She had arrived with some trepidation, wondering what would happen today and if Charles would show up. Fortunately she didn't have long to wait to learn whether he would or not. Charles was early for school as well.

"Hello there," Charles said upon seeing Connie, a warm smile appearing on his lips.

"H-Hello..." Connie stammered in astonishment. For a moment, her mouth hung open and she didn't know what else to say. Then her expression turned into a frown.

Charles smile grew as he noticed Connie's reaction and he chuckled softly to himself in response. He knew what had caused her to stutter her greeting and he knew why she was now frowning, and that knowledge made him laugh.

Connie had stammered her greeting because of what she saw. On either side of Charles, were two very attractive Afro-American girls. They were of course, Jennifer and Anna Taylor, and they were walking, each with an arm slipped casually about Charles' waist. Connie saw that there was an air of intimacy between the three of them.

What had shocked Connie was the level of interaction that seemed to exist between the girls and Charles. Unlike everyone else who had walked past Connie over the past ten minutes, Jennifer and Anna were animated in their behaviour. In fact, the twins were giggling in response to Charles' words to them, and smiling at him with warmth and affection. Amazingly, they were acting very normal. For a moment, Connie wondered if they were in fact normal just like herself, but then Connie spotted the tell-tail signs that told her that they were not. That was when she'd frowned.

"What's going on Charles?" Connie asked bluntly as Charles and the girls came to a halt in front of her.

"Relax Connie," Charles said with a chuckle. "I told you that I would be experimenting."

"Yeah," Connie shot back, her voice curt and very cold, "and I didn't think that raping drones was considered an experiment."

"We're not drones," protested Jennifer, before Charles could say a word, "and Charles didn't rape anyone. In fact, the only person he slept with last night was Anna and I can assure you she went willingly."

Connie's mouth dropped open at that.

Charles chuckled once again.

Jennifer and Anna glared at Connie, their eyes filled with resentment.

"Alright ladies," Charles said after a moment of silence. "I want the two of you to go off to class and have a good day. I'll see the two of you this evening."

"Okay Charles," piped Jennifer in response. Then she gave him a peck on the cheek before slipping away from him.

"You have a good day as well," Anna said, giving Charles a warm smile. Then she slipped her arm from around his waist and turned to him. Placing her hands on his shoulders, she leaned into him and kissed him on the lips. It was deep and passionate, and Anna purred with desire as Charles returned her embrace.

"Later!" Charles murmured when Anna slipped away at last.

Connie just stood there and gawked as the two girls sashayed past her, giving her the look as they went by.

"Sorry," Charles apologized as Connie turned and faced him. "Anna's a little passionate."

"I can see," Connie replied coldly, staring at Charles with an inquiring gaze, "however, the question is how come? Aren't she and her sister like everyone else."

"They were until last night," answered Charles, giving Connie a mischievous smile as he replied, "but then I experimented on them. Do you want to see how it works?"

"I'm not sure that I do," Connie replied hesitantly, "but alright, you can show me."

"Great!" Charles declared enthusiastically. "Come with me!"

With that, Charles grabbed hold of Connie's hand, taking it without asking and led her into the school. Connie followed with little enthusiasm, her resentment visible on her face.

Ignoring Connie's obvious response, Charles led them past the auditorium and to the area in front of the school's office. This area was heavily travelled and the students passing by were clearly visible to any teachers and staff who might be in the office.

"Now pay attention," Charles said, still grinning with pleasure.

He had stopped with Connie just beside the entrance to the school office. There they stood, Charles still holding Connie's hand, while Charles scanned the students who were walking by. After a minute or two, his eyes brightened up, and his grin grew even bigger.

"Here goes," Charles whispered softly to Connie. As he spoke, Charles nodded his head towards a student. It was Amy Winters.

Suddenly Amy stopped in her tracks. Then, like a drone she walked over to where Charles and Connie stood. Silently she put her books down against the wall. Then without any regard to where she was or who was watching, Amy stripped off her blouse and bra. These she left lying with her books. Finally, without any sign of embarrassment, she turned and started walking slowly down the hallway. She walked by the school office and waved. She strolled to the end of the hall, passing about a hundred lockers and the students who were standing in front of them. Then she turned around and walked back towards where she had left her stuff, the whole time her well developed bosom bounced freely in front of her.

"Nothing," Charles stated aloud as Amy came to a halt in front of them. "Now watch as I send her down the corridor again."

Suddenly Amy was walking pass the office again. With her head held high, she strutted her stuff for everyone to see. This time there was a reaction.

Every male who saw her reacted. Some cried 'oh my god' and stared at her as she went by. Others hooted and hollered at the sight of her naked bosom and a few blushed and hid their faces.

Amy just walked by them smiling, without any kind of reaction.

"Now watch this," Charles said to Connie as Amy reached the end of the corridor.

Amy turned and started heading back. As she did, new reactions started to occur. Girls were now reacting to the situation. Most gasped with horror at the sight of Amy strutting along topless while a few joined the guys in whistling and hollering their appreciation. There were even a couple who shouted at everyone to behave.

Amy remained oblivious to everything until she reached the end of her march. Then suddenly her eyes became wide and her skin turned red with embarrassment. Shrieking with horror, she threw her hands up to cover her exposed breasts. Thankfully, some of her friends appeared at that moment. Seeing her standing in the corridor, topless and screaming her lungs out, they went into action. Two grabbed Amy and forced her into a nearby girl's washroom, while another grabbed up her clothing and books. As she disappeared from sight, there was a chuckle or two, and then silence.

The student body were drones once more.

"Let's go," Charles said to Connie. Then still holding her hand, he led her to the school library.

Chapter 14
Posted: April 26, 2015 - 08:16:51 am

"Well?" Charles asked as they sat themselves down in the reading area of the school library. "What did you think?"

"I'm impressed," Connie said in reply, gazing intently into Charles' face. "I'm not happy with making Amy prance around half naked, but I have to admit that the experiment showed results. The question is, are they permanent?"

"Yes," replied Charles with confidence. "If a girl was to walk topless through the school in the near or distant future, everyone would now react just like they did a few minutes ago. In fact, if a girl went topless outside the school then every person here today who saw her, would react accordingly. The change is behaviour specific not site specific, if you understand what I mean"

"So what did you do?" Connie asked, ignoring Charles last statement.

"I reprogrammed them!" Charles replied bluntly.

"You reprogrammed them?" Connie asked, her face reflecting her surprise.

"Yeah," Charles grinned in response. "Yesterday I went for a walk after you had left and I reflected on what Clyde had done, and what we had achieved. Somehow, the image of a computer being rebooted in 'safe mode' came to mind. I thought to myself that everyone was like a computer. We had rebooted them but it was missing operating instructions. So I did some experiments on some women in a neighbourhood park and after some trials, I concluded we could reprogram people to react to specific situations."

"Really," Connie muttered, nodding her head as she listened. "Tell me about these experiments."

So for the next fifteen minutes Charles sat across from Connie and told her about what he had done at the park. He did however leave out any mention about how people responded to him even after being reprogrammed. At the moment, Charles felt Connie didn't need to worry about it, although he knew that they would be talking about it soon.

"Okay," Connie said thoughtfully as Charles came to the end of his tale, "and you used these findings to reprogram Jennifer and Anna Taylor?"

"Yes," Charles said with a nod, "along with my parents, sister, and Mrs. Taylor."

"Wow!" declared Connie aloud, her face reflecting both her amazement and her disbelief. That look lasted but for a moment, then as suddenly as it had appeared, it faded away. A second later Connie was sitting back in her seat, and staring blankly into space. Her face clouded over for a moment and tears started to run down her cheeks.

Charles reached out and held her hand again.

"Sorry," Connie said in apology after a couple of minutes, brushing her tears away as she spoke, "what you've done is marvellous. It's the best thing that I've heard since this horrible thing started, and it certainly offers us some hope. We might not be able to break the slave / master relationship but maybe with some work, we can give people back their lives."

"I never asked how things went last night," Charles inquired softly. "Is everything okay?"

"Things are as well as they can be considering how fucked up things are." Connie stated with a sniffle. "I contacted the police and they came and took Bert's body away. They didn't even ask me what had happened. The weird thing was that my mother spent the day cleaning the house and not once did she try to move his body. She just ignored it. Even after we commanded everyone to go back to their life, freeing them from Clyde's commands, she ignored Bert's body. I found her folding laundry naked."

"I'm sorry," Charles said sympathetically, squeezing her hand gently as he spoke.

"Don't be..." Connie replied, forcing herself to smile at Charles. "What happened yesterday happened and it wasn't your fault. Besides, what you've done with your experiments has given me hope. Maybe, one day, my mother will realize that Bert is dead and she will grieve for him."

"Hopefully, that day will come soon," Charles said, pursing his lips as a thought came to him.

"What is it?" Connie asked upon seeing Charles' face.

"Just a thought," Charles said in an off hand manner, "something that I'd like to confirm. You see so far, I've done my experiments by myself or with me holding your hand. You've never done one by yourself. I'd like you to try and I have a specific test in mind. You see, I'm concerned that if I make a change that whatever I've done will prevent you from doing any future changes and the same with me if you do some reprogramming."

"Okay," Connie said slowly, her face showing a touch of confusion, "and who do you have in mind to test this on?"

"Well, Ms. Reed, the librarian is a lesbian," Charles said, glancing towards the woman who was currently restocking the shelves with books that had been returned. "However, I'd bet you a million dollars that if I walked over to her right now and groped her, she wouldn't even blink an eye. So, I want you to reprogram her for me. I want you to make her remember that she's a lesbian and that she prefers sex with women only. In fact, I remember overhearing a couple of teachers last year saying that she was rabid about things like bisexual females. They said she couldn't stand bisexual women at all. She actually considered them traitors."

"Okay, so you want me to turn her into a hard core dyke then," Connie asked, raising an eyebrow as she asked her question. It was obvious that she wasn't happy with the idea.

"Well, she was a lesbian before and quite open about it," Charles reminded Connie, "so you'd only be returning her to her true nature. However, you don't have to make her rabid. If you want to make her bisexual then so be it. What is important is three things: one is that she is gay and very gay at that, two is that public displays of affection at school are not cool, and three, regardless of whether you make her hard core or bisexual, I want you to program her not to allow me to touch her sexually. That is sexual harassment and abuse, both legally and morally wrong. Do you understand?"

"Sure," Connie replied, giving Charles a look, 'although I think you're going a little overboard. Do you want to hold my hand again?"

"No," answered Charles, drawing his hands away from Connie's. "I want you to do this without me being in the loop. Besides, you're only manipulating one person so the pain should be slight."

"Alright then, here goes!" Connie said. She gave Charles a quick smile and then turned and faced Ms. Reed. As she did, she closed her eyes and started to think. She stayed that way for about three to four minutes. After that, she opened her eyes and smiled.

"Done," Connie declared firmly, "Are you okay?"

"Yeah," replied Charles with a grin. "I barely felt it. Now, let's move on with the experiment."

Charles took a moment and looked around the library. Fortunately, there was another female teacher in the library. The woman was Mrs. Hawke. While Ms. Reed was tall, athletic, and blonde with an inclination towards slacks and blouses, Mrs. Hawke was shorter, fuller in shape, slightly older, and Afro-American. Charles smiled upon seeing her.

Silently, he reached over and took hold of Connie's hand once more.

"Watch this!" Charles said before turning his attention back towards Mrs. Hawke.

One minute Mrs. Elizabeth Hawke was sitting reading a magazine and the next she was up out of her seat. Silently, she looked about the library. She ignored Charles and Connie, acting as if they weren't there. Then spotting Ms. Reed bent over a trolley of books, she approached her. Then when she was standing behind Ms. Reed, Mrs. Hawke reached out and ran her hand across the other woman's ass.

"Mrs. Hawke!" exclaimed Ms. Reed loudly. Then remembering where she was Ms. Reed lowered her voice and said, "Elizabeth, that is totally out of line."

"But Karen," pleaded Mrs. Hawke, "I need you badly. Please let me touch you while you kiss me."

"No Elizabeth," Ms. Reed said looking at the woman sternly. "While I might like women sexually, I do not like kissing women in the school library. I think that you would agree that it is totally inappropriate for us to do that."

"But..." Mrs. Hawke tried once more.

"I said no!" Ms. Reed said firmly. "Now, if you don't mind, I need to go back to work."

And that is what she did. Ms. Reed pushed her trolley over to another row of books, and seeing that she wasn't going to get any, Mrs. Hawke walked away. A second later both women were acting as if nothing had happened at all.

"Well, that was interesting," Connie exclaimed, glancing over at Charles, "Of course, Ms. Reed would have screamed sexual harassment and law suit under normal circumstances, however considering that the world is totally screwed up, what she did makes sense."

"True," Charles said in agreement, "and eventually, we'll reprogram her and every other woman to do just that, but for now we have to settle for what we've achieved. Now if you will excuse me, it's my turn."

Connie watched as Charles got up from the table. She watched him boldly walk over to where Ms. Reed was putting a couple of books away. Like Mrs. Hawke, he walked up behind her. When he got there, he reached out and touched Ms. Reed's ass. Nothing happened.

Connie let out a gasp of surprise and Charles smiled to himself.

"Turn round Karen," Charles said to the librarian. Obediently, the woman did as she was told.

Charles leaned into her. He placed one hand on the back of her neck. He held it there as he kissed her. His other hand he placed on her firm, round breast. As he kissed her, he squeezed it. Then as he French kissed her, he slid his hand down the front of her clothing. He popped the top button on her slacks and then slid his fingers into the front of her pants. He finished her off by diddling her while he asked her questions.

"Are you a lesbian?" Charles asked as he slipped his fingers into her panties.

"Yes," Ms. Reed replied in a monotone voice.

"Do you like boys at all?" Charles asked as he rubbed his fingertips over her clit.

"No, I hate them!" declared Ms. Reed firmly, ignoring what Charles was doing.

"Are you supposed to let me touch you sexually?" Charles asked pointedly, letting his fingers travel into her tight, hair covered furrow as he spoke.

"No, not at all!" replied Ms. Reed, as adamantly as she could.

Charles smiled. He rubbed Ms. Reed for a few more seconds, teasing her gently. Soon wetness started to form between her thighs, although the woman herself showed no outward response to his touch. Feeling it, Charles stroked Karen a couple of more times, enough to allow her furrow to become slick with her natural lubrication. When he felt it, he drew his hand out of her pants.

"You smell good Karen," Charles murmured teasingly as he brought his fingers up to his nose. Karen said nothing in reply.

Charles turned and walked back to Connie, wiping his fingers off as he went.

Connie stared at Charles, her face wide with wonder at what had just passed between Ms. Reed and him. As Charles slipped into his seat, he smiled knowingly at Connie. Connie turned red and blushed.

"That was interesting," Connie said after a second or two. "I didn't even sense you commanding her."

"I didn't!" Charles said bluntly. "I'm sorry but I kind of led you on."

"Oh!" Connie said curtly, her facing changing from flustered to growing displeasure. "How did you mislead me?"

"Well," Charles said slowly, gazing sheepishly at Connie as he spoke, "it has to do with the reprogramming thought line. I suspected something last night, something that I noticed during my experiments and I wanted to find out if I was right or not. Originally I wasn't going to mention this to you, at least not right away but considering how you are feeling and that we're going to be working together on this, I decided you needed all the facts. So here goes. I told you that I was worried about our commands interfering with each others efforts to clean up this mess. I lied. The truth is I suspected that we were like 'master programs'."

"And what is a 'master program'?" Connie asked, beginning to look a little worried.

"Well," Charles said, "a 'master program' can override whatever programming exists. It's more 'malware' than an actual program. What it means is that it doesn't matter to us how well we clean up this mess, because even if we get everyone back to normal, we will still be their 'Masters.'"

"Are you certain?" Connie asked, her voice sounding slightly off.

"For now, yes!" Charles said softly, reaching out his hand and taking hers in an effort to reassure her, "but you don't have to worry. I'm certain we're on the right track to cleaning up this mess. As far as the world is concerned, what we're doing will help them. From their perspective, they will be back to normal, and really that's all that matters."

"But how can you be certain?" Connie asked anxiously. "I want a normal world, but I want to be part of it."

"But you will be part of it Connie," Charles said, giving her hand another reassuring squeeze. "You and I are going to be an integral part of this world. In nine months, there will be millions of babies being born. We will be the ones ensuring that they are born into a safe world, and after that, we will be the one's seeing to it that they grow up to lead the planet in our place. That's what our role will be."

"Yeah, but that's a bit..." Connie said, looking a bit distressed.

"A bit overwhelming!" Charles said interrupting Connie. "True, but I can reassure you that there are some fringe benefits from being a 'Master'."

"Oh, like what?" asked Connie, giving Charles a questioning look.

"Well," Charles replied giving Connie a mischievous grin, "I would bet a million dollars that you could walk over to Ms. Reed and do to her what I did. I'd bet two million that she won't even lecture you on public displays of affection."

Connie pulled her hand away from his and gazed at Charles in surprise. His suggestion horrified her or at least it did for a second or two, and then she thought about it. Thinking about it made her blush. Charles grinned at her merrily.

"It's wrong!" Connie muttered half-heartedly.

"It's only a suggestion," said Charles, leaning back in his chair, trying not to grin too much. "Think of it as part of the overall experiment."

Connie gave into the suggestion after a minute or two of moral struggle that ended with her conscience losing. Finally, she rose from her seat and walked to where Ms. Reed was standing, busy sorting magazines. Connie spoke to her and Ms. Reed turned and faced her. Connie moved in and did as Charles had done. She kissed her on the lips ... passionately. The kiss lasted for quite a while. Charles watched with pleasure. Connie even shoved her hand down the front of Ms. Reed's slacks.

"You were right," Connie said gleefully, as she returned to where Charles was sitting. "Ms. Reed's pussy does smell nice.

Chapter 15
Posted: April 26, 2015 - 01:31:57 pm

"You enjoyed that didn't you?" Charles said with a smile, gazing across at Connie.

"Of course I did!" replied Connie boldly, giving Charles a grin. Then her cheeks went red and she blushed and looked away. Then in a half hearted voice, she sheepishly whispered, "It was still wrong."

Charles said nothing in reply. Instead he took a long sip of his cola, gazing thoughtfully at the girl who was sitting before him.

Charles and Connie were sitting in the main food court of the Sunnyvale Mega Mall. They had left school after the incident in the library, so that they could get some fresh air and think about what they were going to do next.

Charles had remained silent during their walk to the mall, keeping his thoughts and reactions to himself. In a way it had made Connie happy, for her mind was filled with conflicting thoughts.

Truth be told, it had been the first time that she had ever touched another woman and while it had felt fantastic in ways that were indescribable, Connie still felt guilty for abusing someone who had no choice in what was happening to them. That and the fact that she had done it so soon after having been abused herself, made her feel twice as guilty and ashamed. And she had done it, knowing that it was wrong to manipulate another person.

Still Connie told herself, it had been an experiment and a necessary one. The fact it had felt great and it had turned her on didn't matter. What was important was that Connie had learned thing or two about this power that she now possessed. One thing filled her with both hope and confidence. With it she might be able to clean up the mess that Clyde had made. Yet the other thing ... it filled her with fear. What Connie had done with Ms. Reed had filled her with passion and desire. For a moment there in the library Connie had been so aroused that it had scared her. For the first time in her life Connie had felt unbridled sexual desire for someone else. But it was scary feeling desire for someone else, especially when you had the power to take without asking.

As a esult, Connie had been pleased when Charles suggested that they leave the school and head to the mall. After all, what better place could a young, slightly confused teenage girl go and hide from confronting her emotions than at a mega mall. At least, that had been the plan. Now, there with Charles, Connie started to have second thoughts.

The reason Connie was having second thoughts was because the mall was dead. Sure the stores were open and there were employees doing their jobs, but that was about it. There were no gangs of kids skipping school and hanging out. There were no window shoppers and there were very few real shoppers either and those who were shopping, simply came in and got what they wanted without doing any browsing and then left. It was really depressing to see.

Of course Charles came to the rescue. Seeing the mall and how it was affecting Connie, Charles had suggested that they get a drink in the food court. Connie had agreed, and now they were sitting across from each other, sipping on colas. After a minute or two of silence, Charles had broken the ice with his question.

"What we did bothered you," Charles asked in a very serious voice, "didn't it?"

"Yes," Connie replied softly.

Charles put down his drink and reached out and took Connie's hand. He squeezed it tenderly as he continued to speak.

"You know," Charles said softly, "you really shouldn't let this bother you."

"But it does," Connie declared firmly, glaring into Charles' eyes as she spoke. "After all, what makes us any different from Clyde, if we go around abusing people for our own pleasure?"

"We're not abusing them!" Charles protested, "at least not maliciously. What we did with Amy and Ms. Reed today were experiments that needed to be done. Perhaps we didn't need to go as far as we did, but I certainly didn't do it for pleasure or to harm anyone. Besides, the experiments told us something important. It told us that regardless of how normal we get the world to be, when we interact directly with someone, they will be our slave, and when they do something for us, it will because they have to obey us."

"Then how are we ever going to have a relationship with people?" Connie asked, glaring sternly at Charles as she spoke. "We will never know if they love us or not, and I'll always wonder if I'm a good person or not."

"You are a good person!" declared Charles with conviction. "You want what I want, a world back to the way it was before Clyde, and you're willing to work towards that with me, regardless of how long it will take. As for knowing if someone loves you or not, well ... you could try what I did with Anna."

"What did you do with Anna?" Connie asked, her face softening as curiosity and hope rose within her.

"Well," Charles said, giving Connie another mischievous smile before continuing his tale. "I went to her place last night after my experiment in the park. There I asked Anna and her sister, and their mother a few questions. I asked all three of them the same questions, and each of them gave me their answers. I asked them to think to prior to yesterday morning and I asked them if any of them had ever thought about me sexually. Only Anna answered yes. Then I asked if any of them had ever thought about going on a date with me. This time both Jennifer and Anna said yes. It was those answers that made me pick Anna last night to be my lover. Now you could do the same if you wanted and hopefully you'll find someone who says yes. Your other option is to ask someone who is still normal!"

"You're the only other person still normal," stated Connie, pulling her hand out of Charles' as she spoke.

"I know but you could still ask me," Charles said giving Connie his look once more time.

Connie blushed red again and looked away. For a moment she bit her lip and said nothing.

Charles took the initiative.

"You have to trust me Connie," Charles said softly. "I'm not teasing you or playing a game with you. I'm trying to help you."

Connie looked back at him for a moment, staring at him thoughtfully. Then she blushed again. It took a couple of minutes for her to speak.

"If I asked you to have sex with me," Connie asked slowly, "would you?"

"Yes!" Charles said without hesitating.

"But why... ?" Connie asked, looking at him with a gaze of bewilderment.

"Because I like you," Charles said, giving her a reassuring smile. "I've noticed you a few times around the school and I've heard things from my sister. For the most part it was good stuff and it seemed that my sister liked you. She told me things about you like how smart you were, or the fact that you were socially conscious, or something about you helping tutor someone. I won't say I thought about you sexually before yesterday, because it won't be true. Still from what I saw yesterday, I have to say that I like what you have. In fact, you're cute. So, yes if you asked me, I would have sex with you."

"Oh!" said Connie in response, her face going bright red once more.

"You don't have to worry though," Charles stated in a knowing manner, "because I won't be chasing you and demanding sex from you, and before you get upset or angry, I'll tell you why. First, I've always thought that you were a lesbian or possibly bisexual, and therefore not interested in me, and two, I had assumed after yesterday's incident, you'd never want to be touched by a man again."

Connie blinked at Charles for a minute or two, and then, her eyes started to water again. Charles reached out and took her hand once more. Connie let him hold it.

"I'm sorry," Charles said tenderly.

"Don't be!" Connie replied, sniffling back her tears. "You're the kindest guy I've ever met and I should be flattered. You're right ... I've always thought of myself as being gay. Boys have never interested me before, and as you've pointed out, yesterday's incident hasn't made me want sex with a guy any time soon. But ... I like you Charles ... I really do. I know we've only known each other for twenty-four hours, but ... I trust you and care for you, and to hear you say that you want me ... it makes me feel good. Still, I think if I try anything I'll go with your first option."

"And I think that's a good solution," Charles said in agreement. "Besides, I wouldn't want to screw up our budding friendship, no pun intended."

Connie chuckled in response to Charles' lame joke, and then wiped away her tears. Picking up the last of her drink, she raised it in salute to Charles.

"To friends!" Connie cried out loudly.

"To friends!" cried Charles, saluting Connie in return.

Then they both laughed.

"What now?" Connie asked once their drinks were done.

"Now we work." Charles said, pushing himself up from his seat, "and after that we can go shopping!"

"Shopping?" Connie said her face filled with surprise.

"Yup..." Charles answered with a chuckle, "First work and then we shop till we drop."

"But we don't have any money!" declared Connie.

"Money," Charles chuckled in reply, "you and I don't need money anymore, and before you get all concerned about taking things that we're not paying for, consider it our pay. We're going to be working to fix Clyde's mess. It's going to take time and effort, and we're probably never going to get thanked. So..."

"So we're going shopping!" Connie cried out, interrupting Charles. As she spoke she got up from her seat. Then for the first time ever, she reached out and took Charles' hand of her own accord.

"After we work!" Charles reiterated.

"After we work," grumbled Connie in reply. Then giving Charles a smile, she tugged on his hand and pulled him away from the food court, leading him towards the stores.

Chapter 16
Posted: April 26, 2015 - 05:19:42 pm

Charles stood outside the main entrance to the Sunnyvale Mega Mall and waited. While he waited, he watched closely the people that went by him into and from the mall. A week had gone by since the change and in that time, Charles had been very busy, watching and paying attention to the people that droned by him. Charles had become very observant and his observations helped him in the task that he had set for himself and for Connie, his friend and workmate.

Charles smiled when a woman walked by with two children in tow. The woman was cleanly dressed in a bright summer dress and sandals, calm and relaxed, with a content look upon her face. Her children matched her. They were clean, tidy, and well behaved, two perfect little angels. Unfortunately, while Charles appreciated the plus to having two perfect angels when a parent needed to get some shopping done, he also knew that what he was looking at was far from normal. The mother and kids, for all their appearance were still drones, drifting through life without experiencing it. It filled Charles with anger and frustration, and it moved him to action.

As he watched the mother and children go by, Charles remembered the trouble that he and his sister used to get into when they went shopping with their mother as children. He remembered how frazzled their mother used to get. He also remembered how forgiving his mother had been once they behaved themselves. He brought those memories to the forefront of his mind, and then with a push passed them on to the woman and her children as an upgrade.

All hell broke loose. The children started running about, trying to be the first to get to the doors and the woman started shouting, telling them to behave themselves. Charles just smiled and chuckled to himself. He knew that the woman would catch the children and the children would behave for a bit, before acting up again. Still the woman would forgive her children, remembering that at one time she was a kid as well.

Charles smiled again and thought that he would talk to Connie about it. Perhaps they could spend a day or two at the local schools, upgrading the children as he had just done a moment ago. It would take a little finessing to get it right, but it was something that they could do together as a team, before pushing it to the world. Of course, thinking of Connie brought warmth to his heart and a twinkle to his eyes. It also reminded him of how close they had grown over the past week.

They had been busy and things were happening. True there was still a lot to be done, but the main point was that it was getting done, which made Charles happy. It made Charles happy because each little success put a smile on Connie's face and that was important to him.

True, he had told the girl that he wasn't going to pursue her sexually and that he would never do anything to screw up their friendship, but in honesty, he did care about her. Mostly as a friend, but sometimes, as a woman that he desired. So, when she smiled, then he smiled.

Today he was meeting Connie at the mall again. It was their designated meeting place and where they worked to sort out the mess that Clyde had left them. It was a good place to meet, for the mall provided them with ample subjects to experiment upon. Here they could reprogram people within a controlled environment, where they could watch the results of their reprogramming. If all worked out, they took what they had discovered, and in a way uploaded their latest patch to the people of Earth. It was fulfilling work.

Unfortunately, it was also tiring. Charles and Connie always arrived when the mall opened and worked until the afternoon. With each patch they would spend time discussing what they wanted to achieve. Then they would experiment on the people in the mall and then, if it worked they would push the patch to the world. That was the tiring part. The more people that Charles and Connie had to deal with, the greater the effort they needed to exert to achieve anything. Two or three patches a day was their usual limit. Still they were dedicated.

Today was different however. Connie had asked Charles to meet her at a specific place today, rather than their usual table in the food court. The location was the local outlet of 'Victoria's Secret'. Charles had gasped with surprise when Connie had asked him to meet her there, and Connie had blushed nervously in reaction to his response.

Charles had asked teasingly why that particular store, but Connie had refused to explain. All she would tell him was that she needed him to give her, his honest opinion.

As always, Charles promised that he would and now that he had mischievously added a little more normalcy to the world, he decided that it was time to get moving and keep his date. He turned towards the main doors, when all of a sudden, a horn sounded.

Connie had just pulled into the mall parking lot in her car. As she honked her horn, she parked her Lexus in the spot beside Charles' Porsche. Charles waved to her and smiled.

He smiled because he remembered how on the third day after the 'crisis' he had suggested that they should both get vehicles. Connie had hemmed and hawed for a half hour or so before agreeing with Charles that it was a good idea. She was still resistant to the idea when they arrived at the car lot. It was only when he had convinced her to take the Lexus for a spin that she finally lightened up. Now it was her pride and joy, one of the few things that she had 'gifted' herself with as payment for what they were doing for the world. When she drove it and the wind whipped her hair about, she smiled. And when she smiled, Charles smiled.

"Hi there friend," Connie called as she hopped out of her car. She was wearing a bright green dress that clung to her torso and billowed about her thighs. Charles thought she looked very pretty.

"Hi there friend," Charles said in reply.

Walking up to Connie, he took her into his arms and embraced her. They did this every time they saw each other and every time they said good bye. Charles would pull her against his body and press her young, petite bosom into his chest. Connie would let him, wrapping her arms around him tightly so that his body would encompass hers. Then after a minute or two, they would separate. Then Charles would kiss her on her cheeks, and then quickly on her lips. It always made Connie blush, but it was nice. After all, even with all the changes that they had wrought in the past week, it was the only moment of true affection that either of them felt in the passing of the day.

Not that Charles minded too much. After all, he had Anna and Jennifer to satisfy him physically whenever he desired it. True, their affection for him was partly artificial; a mix of feelings from before the crisis and a touch or two of his mental manipulation but it was okay. In fact, there were times, especially when the twins lay in Charles' arms, their naked flesh snuggling up against him in the dark of the night, that their declarations of love sounded very real. It wasn't the same for Connie.

As far as Charles knew, Connie was still alone in the world. She had said she would try Charles' suggestion and he knew that she had dropped by the school a few times in the past week. Yet there had been no cry of success so far and Charles, still sensitive to her fragility, had not pushed her on it. Still it worried him a lot.

"So we're shopping today instead of working?" Charles asked casually, as he broke their embrace.

"Well," replied Connie, with a giggle. "I thought you watching me try on panties and bras would be more interesting than telling the world to put their recyclables into the proper bins on garbage day. However, if you'd prefer to do that we can."

"Oh ho!" Charles cried looking at Connie with surprise. "There is no way that I would give up on an opportunity to watch you prance around in sexy lingerie. Besides I did the recyclable reprogramming last night before visiting Anna so I'm free to slack off today and take a break."

"You spent the night with Anna again?" Connie enquired, with an uncomfortable look in her eyes.

"Yes," Charles replied slowly, sensing that his words had upset the girl.

Connie fell silent and Charles started to worry.

He knew that Connie still questioned whether it was right for them to have sex with someone they could control totally, even though she knew that Anna had declared that she liked Charles even before the 'crisis'. He'd even had suggested that Connie question Anna herself to reassure herself which to Charles' amazement she did. Still Connie had suffered because of one person's manipulation of others and the pain that she had experienced coloured her attitude. This meant that Connie didn't like being reminded that he was sleeping with Anna. Charles knew it, but sometimes he forgot.

So it was his bad. Fortunately, Connie's mood mellowed quickly. A smile returned to her face after a second or two and for a moment Charles though he spotted a mischievous twinkle in her eye.

"Let's go shopping!" she said taking Charles by the hand, and then with a gentle tug, they were off.

The mall was beginning to look alive once more. There were people milling around and others busy shopping. It felt more normal, and the feeling made Charles relax and forget his faux pas. In fact, by the time they reached the shop, Charles was ready for anything that Connie wanted to do, or at least that is what he thought. Once in the store, things turned out differently, not that Charles complained about it.

Charles stood to one side once they were in the shop and smiled as Connie walked about looking at the various bits of lingerie that were on display and, every once and a while, he caught her glancing over at him to give him a naughty smile. Charles just grinned back, happy that she was enjoying herself.

Eventually, Connie collected herself an assortment of items that she wanted to try on. When she had, she gave one last smile at Charles and then walked up to the manageress of the shop. They spoke for a minute and it was about that moment that Charles sensed a fleeting pain, something he hadn't felt in the past week of working with Connie. A frown slipped across his face. What was Connie up to now he thought to himself?

As Connie disappeared into the change room, the manageress and her salesgirls moved through the shop in a quick and efficient manner. With a word here and a word there, the customers who were there put down what they were looking at and then departed. After the last one had left, the manageress closed the doors to the shop. A moment later, one of the salesgirls handed her a hand made sign. Charles noted that the sign said, 'Closed for Private Showing'.

Charles nodded thoughtfully to himself.

"Would you like to have a seat, Master?" the manageress asked politely after the sign was posted.

"Yes thank you," Charles said, gracing her with a smile.

The woman, looking pleased by Charles' words, escorted him to his seat. Charles sat down and got comfortable. He glanced about as the women moved off to one side. He looked towards the change room, staring with expectation. He didn't have too long to wait.

Connie walked out wearing an olive colour bra and panties. That was it. Her long red hair was pulled up behind her head and her glasses were gone. To Charles eyes, Connie was beautiful.

Connie stopped a few feet in front of where he was sitting and struck a pose. Her head was pointed over her right shoulder and she was standing tall, with her hands on her hips. Then she turned and showed him what it looked like from the back. Finally, Connie turned once more and stood there waiting in silence. Charles looked at her and smiled.

As Charles looked and smiled, his eyes moved over Connie taking in her beauty and the garment that she had chosen to show him. The colour certainly went well with her skin colour, but the cut of the lace and cloth did not appeal to him. Oh, it was certainly revealing and sexually stimulating to look at, but for Connie's body it wasn't quite right.

Charles raised his hand and waved it palm down from side to side. Maybe ... maybe not he indicated. Connie raised an eyebrow in reply. Silently she turned and headed back into the change room. Charles watched her go, his eyes fixed upon the lacy frill that covered the naked cheeks of her tight little ass.

Connie wasn't gone very long.

She returned four more times, each time wearing a different cut or style of lingerie.

She picked one that was a pale pink with a reinforced bra that gave her a lot more on top than she had. Unfortunately, the colour did not go well with her complexion and it was the only colour in her size. Neither did the orange bra and panty set that was more string than cloth. The baby blues were nice to look at, especially since it came with a bustier, but in the end, Charles gave two thumbs up to a dark red that made Connie look, oh so sexy. The bra was a half cup made entirely of lace, through which Charles could see Connie's pale pink areolas and tiny hard nipples, and the panties were lacy bikinis that, while cupping and covering the essentials revealed more than they concealed.

Of course, Connie was pleased with Charles reaction, and her pleasure showed in her eyes. She smiled happily as Charles gave her the two thumbs up, and then with a mischievous wink, she reached behind her and unsnapped the bra. Charles' eyes grew wide with surprise.

"I'll take these," Connie said to the manageress, tossing her the bra as she spoke. Then she hooked her fingers into the waist of the panties, revealing all for Charles to see. His smile turned into a grin as she tossed the panties to the woman.

"Wrap them up while I get dressed," she ordered forcefully, ignoring the expression on Charles' face. Then she turned away, leaving Charles to sit and stare, as she wiggled her tight naked ass and sauntered away to disappear into the change room.

Charles exhaled slowly when she was no longer in the room. Then standing up from where he had been seated, he stretched his body and fixed the position of his cock in his pants. It was harder than recent memory recalled. The girl was certainly a tease.


Chapter 17
Posted: April 27, 2015 - 08:27:02 am

"So what was that about?" Charles asked as he walked with Connie back to their cars.

"Didn't you like the show?" Connie said teasingly, a cheerful grin appearing upon her face as she hurried on.

"You know I did," Charles replied, answering her with honesty, "You're a beautiful girl and what you did was a major turn on, however I still want to know why."

Connie fell silent again and her gaze became thoughtful. Charles waited patiently for her reply.

"I have a date," Connie finally declared as they arrived at their cars.

"Oh!" Charles said his voice and face filled with surprise. He stopped and looked at Connie and waited for more.

"Don't sound surprised," Connie said as she put her package into her car. "You're not the only one who can find someone, you know."

"I do know," Charles replied firmly, feeling a little awkward. "However, you hadn't said anything since I suggested that ... well, you know, and considering everything I just thought you had decided to be celibate for a while."

"Well think again my friend," Connie stated boldly, "because not only do I have a date tonight, one that involves going out with a person other than you, I intend to get laid tonight."

"So that was what the whole fashion show was about?" Charles inquired.

"Yes," replied Connie, giving Charles a big grin. "I needed an honest reaction to the bra and panties, and honestly, you're the only person I know who won't go all drone on me when I strip down and they see them. Yeah, I'm planning on having a good time, but ... well, as I said, I needed an honest opinion."

"Well then you got one Connie," Charles said giving the girl a naughty smile, "because seeing you in that bra and panties gave me a great big boner."

"Really!" exclaimed Connie with pleasure, her cheeks flushing as she gazed first towards Charles' groin and then quickly to his face.

"Really," replied Charles, "and if you're serious about getting an honest opinion, you can give it a feel, because it's still nice and hard."

Connie eyes opened wide and the colour in her cheeks darkened even more. For a moment, she gazed into Charles eyes without saying a word. Then she glanced once more at his crotch. Charles grinned mischievously from cheek to cheek as he watched his friend flush an even brighter shade of red as her mind fought the temptation he had put before her.

"Nope, nada, and no way José!" Connie said with a wave of her hand, finally dismissing that idea. "You know you're a very bad boy, Charles Ralston."

Charles just chuckled in response.

"So are you going to tell me who the lucky individual is?" Charles asked as Connie reached out and opened the door to her car.

Connie paused and looked at him for a minute. As she did, she bit her lip. Charles waited.

"I'll tell you what," Connie said with a mischievous look, "I've got an errand or two to get done before I go on my date. If you're good and patient, I'll drop by your place before I pick up my date. That way you can see me all dressed up and I'll tell you then whom I'm taking out. Okay?"

Charles looked at Connie. In the short time that he had been working with her, he had learned a little about her personality. Normally, she didn't play games. Considering the tasks ahead of them, Charles had accepted that without a problem. The only times she did joke around or tease him, was when she was feeling good. Obviously, this upcoming date was making her feel good. Charles decided that he could wait to learn who the lucky individual was.

"Okay," Charles said with a smile and a nod. Then he reached out and opened her car door for her.

Connie slipped into her seat.

Charles closed the door as she settled herself. As he did, he leaned down and kissed her. He kissed her tenderly upon the lips. The kiss lingered for a moment.

"Promise me you'll drop by later," Charles said, smiling down at Connie's blushing face. "I certainly want to see you all decked out for a date."

"Promise!" replied Connie as she turned over the engine.

Charles stood for a moment and watched Connie back out of her parking spot. He waved at her as she pulled away. He stood there until she was out of sight. Then he turned and walked back into the mall.

Charles was horny. He wished that Anna or Jennifer were here with him. That would have solved everything. Of course, he could just drive home and find them, but that wouldn't do at all. Certainly not after that little fashion show that Connie had put on for him.

Eventually, he reached the Victoria's Secret boutique. It was now servicing customers once more and the place was packed with women and teenage girls. Charles felt a twitch in his pants. The urge was there. He had the power to take anyone in that shop and make them his and at that moment his conscience was losing out to the ache in his trousers. He needed relief.

"Hello Charles," came the greeting out of nowhere.

Charles looked around. Standing just behind him and to the right was Katherine Taylor. She was dressed in a white blouse and a skirt, her nurse's uniform. She looked very good.

"Hello Mrs. Taylor," Charles said in a casual manner, eyeing the woman as he spoke. "Are you shopping?"

"The girl's and I needed a few things," replied Katherine Taylor, "and ... I sensed your need Master!"

Charles looked at the woman. Surprise filled his face. While he had bedded her two daughters, he had avoided starting something with her so far. After all, she had never had an interest in him prior to the crisis. Still, he had developed a link with the woman, one that had evolved while he had made love to Anna and Jennifer. Perhaps, Charles thought to himself.

"Katherine," Charles asked, using the woman's first name, "do you visualize me in a sexual manner?"

"Yes Master, I do." Katherine Taylor replied without blinking an eye. "Sometimes in the night I wake up thinking about you ... needing relief."

"Good," replied Charles bluntly, "because I really need to fuck someone right now and I've just picked you."

"Thank you Master!" replied Katherine Taylor, giving Charles an enthusiastic smile.

That was enough for Charles. Pushing aside the last shred of guilt that he was feeling, he grabbed Katherine Taylor by her hand and led her off. Together they hurried to the J-Mart at the far end of the mall. There Charles led the woman over to the mattress department and with a last instruction to all the people in the vicinity to stay away Charles stripped off his clothing and threw himself onto a mattress. As he did Katherine Taylor stripped out of her uniform. Charles' cock pulsed at the sight of her luscious chocolate skinned body, her neatly trimmed pussy, and her heaving breasts.

Katherine joined Charles on the mattress in response to his urgent need. From her purse she'd taken a condom and as she slid up beside Charles she slipped it onto his rampant cock. Then without a word Katherine clambered onto his shaft and sank down upon it, enveloping Charles in the heat of her sex. There was no foreplay and the sex was quick and furious, and it lasted for quite a while. In the end, after hearing Katherine scream out her pleasure, Charles thanked god for the condom he was wearing. His load exploded deep into Katherine's body and it felt so good!

Sighing he laid with her for a while, kissing her tenderly and thanking her for coming to his rescue. Katherine purred softly in return.

"Thank you Master," Katherine Turner whispered softly as she snuggled close to Charles' naked form. "I've wanted that for a while."

The words clung to Charles' mind as he sighed contentedly. She had wanted this, he thought to himself. The thought brought a smile to his face. A woman had wanted him. She had sensed his desire and she had come to him, willingly giving herself to him. She was now lying beside him purring with satisfaction. His cock twitched with excitement. Wow he thought as the idea sank into his mind. In a way, she had taken the initiative which was something no one had done since this fiasco had started. Perhaps, he would have to talk to Connie about it, but still ... perhaps this was the next step forward. They had always said that the sex industry had led the way in web development and programming, back before all this had happened. Maybe sex would be the door to the solution that Connie and he were looking for. Perhaps ... he thought wistfully as Katherine Taylor started gently kissing his naked torso, after another roll in the hay with this beautiful woman, he would consider it more seriously.
Chapter 18
Posted: April 27, 2015 - 01:42:48 pm

True to Connie's word, she showed up later in the day. Charles had been home from the mall for a couple of hours, and was outside washing his car when she arrived. For a moment Charles could do nothing but stare.

"Hi there friend!" Charles called out as he watched her stroll up the walk.

Connie was wearing a dress. It was ivory in colour and it looked great on her. With it she had on a matching wide brim hat with a red bow, a red hand bag, and a pair of red pumps. The contrast between the two colours, made Charles remember what she was wearing underneath the outfit. His cock hardened once more.

"So what do you think?" Connie asked with a twinkle in her eye.

"As before," Charles said, putting down his sponge and bucket, "if you want an honest opinion, just give it a feel."

Connie blushed for a moment and then giggled, bringing her hand to her mouth.

"Fair enough," Connie murmured softly, "I'll promise not to tease you anymore tonight, if you promise to do the same. Okay?"

"Do you still promise to tell me who your mystery date is?" Charles asked.

"I promise," declared Connie with a smile.

"Then I promise to behave," replied Charles.

"Okay then," said Connie, glancing around for a moment or two before looking back at Charles. She then bit her lip. Awkward silence followed for a second or two as she just stared at him.

Charles waited. He had learned to be patient with this girl. He knew that eventually she would say what she wanted to say. Sometimes it just took time.

"Do you remember your suggestion to me?" Connie asked finally in a hesitant voice.

"Which one?" Charles asked without thinking. Then a light popped on and he bit his lip.

"Sorry," Charles quickly murmured.

"The first one," Connie replied with a huff, ignoring his apology. "The one that suggested I go around and ask if anyone liked me ... well ... sexually prior to last Monday. Well ... I did it."

"And?" asked Charles looking with interest at Connie.

"And it didn't turn out to be a great idea," Connie replied, gazing down at her feet as she answered Charles.

"Sorry," Charles said sympathetically.

"Don't be," replied Connie, "it's not your fault that nobody thought of me sexually. Oh, I did find out that there were a few girls that said they would have fucked me, if I had made it known that I was interested, but then they also said that they would have fucked anyone female or male who looked their way. In truth they just liked fucking and they weren't too picky about who they slept with. Of course, some of the people I questioned were nice. They liked me alright, but none would have considered dating me. I was too smart for them and several thought I was a bit stand-offish. Even most of the hard core lesbians thought of me as being too flakey to date. I didn't match their idea of what a dyke should dress and act like. So ... all in all, your strategy was a failure."

"I'm really sorry Connie," Charles said, taking a step towards his friend.

"Please, don't be Charles," Connie replied, raising her hand to stop his advance. "Your idea might not have worked, but it did help. It got me asking all kinds of questions to people I would never have dared to speak to before and in the end, I came up with a set of questions that worked for me. I asked if the person liked me before last Monday. I also asked if they had experienced lesbian sex before and if they had enjoyed that experience. That was a big question for me. Then I asked them what they thought of me now. You'd be surprised the kinds of answers I got. I mean, yes we can order people about but they do have opinions about some things. Especially about things that they have been reprogrammed to respond to like sex. That was where I lucked in. I met a girl who had been extensively reprogrammed. She answered me truthfully and afterwards, I asked her out on a date."

"And that is why you're really here," Charles said with a smile. "Melissa's your date!"

"Yeah," Connie answered, her cheeks turning red again. "Do you mind?"

"You asked her questions and she answered them honestly," Charles said slowly, "so why should I mind?"

"Because she's your little sister," Connie muttered in an apologetic manner.

"True," Charles said with a nod, "but she's not that little. She's your own age, and as you said, she liked you before Clyde and his bid to be 'Master of Earth'. As for her experiencing lesbian sex, well without prying further, I know that she had sex with my mother. From what she said, I have every belief that she enjoyed it, so that is good. Finally, I know that regardless of what you think, most people are still basically drones, with little ability to reason as a person. The truth is that only my parents, my sister, and the Taylor's have been reprogrammed extensively enough to give you an honest answer. That means that when you spoke to her, the answer you got was hers and not influenced by your power over her. That also means that my sister wants to go on this date with you, so as I said, why should I mind? I'm happy you picked her."

Connie's face exploded into a smile that reached from cheek to cheek. Instinctively, she threw herself at Charles. Fortunately, Charles stopped her.

"Whoa there!" Charles cried as Connie threw her arms wide and rushed to hug him. "I'm soaking wet and the last thing you need is to ruin that pretty dress before my sister can get you out of it."

Connie stopped and blinked, and then she blushed again. Still, she kept on smiling and her smile was filled with joy.

About then Melissa walked out of the house. She was wearing a mouse-grey dress that fastened about her neck. It clung to her body, hugging the shape of her breasts, the curve of her hips, and the round of her ass. In her hand, she carried a black handbag, and on her feet, she wore black high heels. She looked great and as far as Charles could see, she was wearing no bra or panties under it.

Connie smiled happily as Melissa walked up to her. Charles smiled as well. Melissa was beaming. When she stopped beside Connie, she reached out and took her hand. Connie surrendered it willingly. Then Melissa leaned in and down, and kissed Connie tenderly on her lips. Charles felt a twinge of desire as he watched Connie respond to his sister's embrace.

"Well, we'd better be off," Connie gasped as she broke her kiss with Melissa. Awkwardly she gazed over at Charles. Her face was still flushed and Charles noticed that her tiny nipples were threatening to pop out of her dress. Charles grinned in response.

"Have fun!" Charles said in return, following the two girls down to Connie's car.

There Connie presented Melissa with a bouquet of red roses. Melissa cried out with surprise and then kissed Connie once again. Charles just stood there and smiled as Connie beamed happily and then opened the passenger seat door for Melissa.

"Good luck and have fun," Charles cried out to Connie as she turned to walk away.

"Thanks," Connie mouthed as she hurried over to the driver side. Then once she was in, Charles winked at her. Connie giggled in reply. Then she waved and they were gone.

Charles sighed and watched them depart. As Connie sped away, he reached out and touched Melissa. He didn't reprogram her, for as far as he could see, there was no need to do that. He did however remind his sister to be honest with Connie, so that neither of them would be hurt. Then he turned back to his car and finished cleaning it.

Chapter 19
Posted: April 28, 2015 - 08:08:33 am

For the first time since the crisis Charles stayed home and slept in his own bed and amazingly, he slept in it alone. Of course, he did not do so with any regret, for prior to going to bed, he had dealt with any needs that seeing Connie and Melissa together had stirred within him.

After finishing with his car, he had grabbed his supper and then, as he had done every night since the crisis, he had walked over to the Taylor's house. There he indulged himself, bedding both sisters in a passionate 'ménage et trois'. He had even taken a moment before leaving to fondle and tease Katherine Taylor. It had left him spent and exhausted, and prepared for sleep.

He had returned home and he had gone to bed, and eventually, he had gone to sleep. Unfortunately, he did not sleep long.

A door slammed near by. It woke Charles. Irritated he glanced at his bedside clock. It was midnight. Charles rolled over and closed his eyes again. He sighed and tried to clear his mind. Then he heard it. A voice rang out in the still of the night.

"God, you're beautiful!" declared the voice.

It was Melissa. She was in her bedroom and obviously, she was not alone.

Charles opened his eyes and stared into the darkness of the room. A light could be seen filtering through the open heating vent that joined his room with Melissa's room. The voice came through the vent.

"Kiss me!" a voice beseeched. It was Connie.

Connie and Melissa were together. They were making love. Charles smiled contentedly and listened.

"Oh yes," purred Connie a moment later. "Oh my god ... yes ... yes ... yes! Kiss me, oh yes, kiss me ... there!"

Suddenly there was a gasp of surprise followed by a long moment of silence. The night was suddenly still again and Charles strained to hear what was happening next door. Then there was a sigh of pleasure, followed by a gasp and a moan, which ended in a whimper.

"Do you like this?" Melissa asked in a deep, sultry voice.

"Oh god ... yes," whimpered Connie in reply.

"Do you want this?" Melissa demanded to know.

"Yes..." gasped Connie, "oh god ... yes I want this!"

"Do you want me to make love to you?" Melissa asked teasingly.

"Oh ... please," whimpered Connie, "please make love to me. Please teach me, so I can make love to you."

Charles heard a chuckle. His sister had Connie in the palm of her hand and she knew it. Melissa might be a drone, but she knew the power that she had been given. Charles smiled. He knew that Connie was going to have fun.

Melissa's bed creaked loudly as they clambered on to it, filling the night with more noise. Then there was silence. Charles strained harder to hear what was happening.

"Lay back my sweet," Melissa said after a moment or two, breaking the silence once again. "Lie back so I can enjoy your beauty and so that I can make love to you."

"Please," begged Connie softly. The bed creaked once more.

"You're so beautiful my sweet," murmured Melissa, "spread out before me in your sexy lingerie."

"Do you ... like them?" Connie asked, her voice trembling with excitement.

"Give me your hand!" Melissa commanded in response. Then there was creaking of the bed once more, followed by a loud gasp of surprise.

"You're sopping wet!" exclaimed Connie, her voice filled with joy.

"I'm wet because of you, my sweet," replied Melissa in a wanton tone, "I'm wet because of you and your sexy bra and panties. I love them and I want you. Now lie back there amongst those pillows and enjoy, because I'm ready to eat you up!"

"Yes!" Connie gasped loudly into the night. Then there was creaking bed, followed by a giggle and a chuckle, and then moans. There were lots of moans.

The moans and groans went on for quite a while, and as they did, Charles lay in his bed and listened. Charles could have reached out and tapped into Melissa, joining with her to feel and know what she was doing with Connie, but he didn't. That would be abusing his power and the trust of his friend and the sister he loved. Instead he listened intently and imagined what was going on in the room next door. Silently he visualized Connie, dressed in the sexy red panties and bra, that Charles had seen her model that very day, lying back upon his sister's bed. Her head would be resting on his sister's pillows, her long silky hair fanned out behind her. Her arms would be thrown to each side, leaving her exposed to his sister's desires, openly surrendering to what was to come. Her slender legs would be parted, and between them, Melissa would be kneeling.

He imagined Melissa as he remembered her from the day she had mounted him. That vision was still vivid in his mind. He imagined her, kneeling between Connie's legs, smiling wantonly down at her, as she prepared to make love to her.

He listened as the bed next door creaked as Melissa lowered her face to Connie's, and he listened as the night was filled with their sighs and moans. It helped Charles. Those sighs and moans, and those barely audible 'yeses' told him what Melissa was doing. He imagined Melissa kissing her way down Connie's body, running her tongue over Connie's sensitive flesh. He knew when Melissa pulled aside the half cup that was covering Connie's breast, and he knew when her mouth had engulfed it. Connie moaned loudly and then gasped.

He even knew when, after a long period of silence, followed by pleading and begging, Melissa went down on Connie. There was the creaking of the bed and a gasp of surprise and then a whimpering of joy. Then Connie came. Charles knew it when it happened.

Connie came with a cry of ecstasy and the silence of the night was broken by it. Charles smiled knowingly. Then there were gasps again and moans, and of course more murmurings that were barely audible, and then the stillness of the night was broken again. Connie cried out with joy once more.

"Yes!" Connie cried loudly, "oh my god ... yes! Please don't stop ... oh god ... please don't stop. It's happening ... it's happening again."

And in response, Melissa whispered, "Come for me my sweet, come for me!"

Connie came one last time.

For a while, all was quiet in the room next to Charles. Then there was some creaking of the bed and a few murmured whispers of love and adoration. Charles lay there and listened.

Time passed and then over the moaning and the sighing came the words he was waiting for. Connie spoke and Charles grinned with glee.

"It's my turn!" Charles heard Connie say, in a voice filled with eagerness and excitement.

"Yes," murmured Melissa in response. "Do it! Show me what you've learned."

And Connie did.

In the dark of the bedroom, Charles lay there and listened as his friend made love to his sister, and this time he heard everything clearly. Melissa talked, and when she spoke she spoke loudly. Oh, she gasped and she groaned as well, but as Connie touched her, Melissa sang out, telling Connie that she loved her touch, and when Connie's mouth engulfed Melissa heaving breast, Melissa groaned out that it was the greatest sensation in the world, and then when Connie dropped between Melissa's legs, Melissa begged her to take her.

Connie did just that and more, and in turn Melissa guided her towards what she desired most. She told her where to lick and where to suck, and how long. She also told Connie to use her fingers and exactly where to rub her. It was an informative experience for Charles. In the end, Connie got it all correct.

Melissa came with a groan that rattled the windows. It was long and drawn out, and as she started to catch her breath she came again.

"Fuck me hard with your fingers!" gasped Melissa, as her second orgasm faded. "Fuck me hard and lick my clit!"

Connie did it and Melissa came again. Then it was over.

They talked a while and Charles listened, and while they talked they cuddled and Charles knew, that was it. Both girls were spent and eventually, wrapped in each others embrace they fell asleep.

Of course, Charles couldn't go back to sleep. His cock was solid as a rock and in need of relief. He had refrained from touching himself while Connie and Melissa had made love. He had chosen not to out of respect for his friend and fear that his own orgasm would startle them if he shouted. Now it was time to do something about it.

Charles' hand fell to his cock. As it did, his bedroom door opened. His mother was standing in the doorway. She was naked. Charles cock twitched with expectation.

Charles mother walked silently into the room, her eyes fixed on Charles' cock. There was a smile on her face. Charles' mind raced. She had come to him just as Katherine Taylor had. She had sensed his need and was there ready to offer him herself, to be used as he pleased.

No ... he thought to himself ... no! He was in need ... but he wasn't going to take his mother again. It didn't matter that her belly was already filled with a child, fathered on her by his teenage seed, and it did not matter that his mother was oblivious to what she was offering. Charles knew and so long as he knew, he would fight the urge.

His mother stop in her tracks but a foot from his bed. Her face was saddened by his decision, but she obeyed. After all, she was his slave. Turning she left the room as quietly as she had entered it.

Charles sighed softly when she was gone. He waited, listening in the silence of the night. Then carefully, he rose from his bed and left. Wrapping his housecoat about him he walked out of the house and over to the Taylor's. The door was open when he got there and Anna was waiting for him. She was dressed the way he liked her to be; in her birthday suit and looking ever so sexy.

His need was upon him. He smiled and took Anna against the door. The girl just mewed with satisfaction as Charles ravished her for the first time that night.

Chapter 19
Posted: April 28, 2015 - 08:08:33 am

For the first time since the crisis Charles stayed home and slept in his own bed and amazingly, he slept in it alone. Of course, he did not do so with any regret, for prior to going to bed, he had dealt with any needs that seeing Connie and Melissa together had stirred within him.

After finishing with his car, he had grabbed his supper and then, as he had done every night since the crisis, he had walked over to the Taylor's house. There he indulged himself, bedding both sisters in a passionate 'ménage et trois'. He had even taken a moment before leaving to fondle and tease Katherine Taylor. It had left him spent and exhausted, and prepared for sleep.

He had returned home and he had gone to bed, and eventually, he had gone to sleep. Unfortunately, he did not sleep long.

A door slammed near by. It woke Charles. Irritated he glanced at his bedside clock. It was midnight. Charles rolled over and closed his eyes again. He sighed and tried to clear his mind. Then he heard it. A voice rang out in the still of the night.

"God, you're beautiful!" declared the voice.

It was Melissa. She was in her bedroom and obviously, she was not alone.

Charles opened his eyes and stared into the darkness of the room. A light could be seen filtering through the open heating vent that joined his room with Melissa's room. The voice came through the vent.

"Kiss me!" a voice beseeched. It was Connie.

Connie and Melissa were together. They were making love. Charles smiled contentedly and listened.

"Oh yes," purred Connie a moment later. "Oh my god ... yes ... yes ... yes! Kiss me, oh yes, kiss me ... there!"

Suddenly there was a gasp of surprise followed by a long moment of silence. The night was suddenly still again and Charles strained to hear what was happening next door. Then there was a sigh of pleasure, followed by a gasp and a moan, which ended in a whimper.

"Do you like this?" Melissa asked in a deep, sultry voice.

"Oh god ... yes," whimpered Connie in reply.

"Do you want this?" Melissa demanded to know.

"Yes..." gasped Connie, "oh god ... yes I want this!"

"Do you want me to make love to you?" Melissa asked teasingly.

"Oh ... please," whimpered Connie, "please make love to me. Please teach me, so I can make love to you."

Charles heard a chuckle. His sister had Connie in the palm of her hand and she knew it. Melissa might be a drone, but she knew the power that she had been given. Charles smiled. He knew that Connie was going to have fun.

Melissa's bed creaked loudly as they clambered on to it, filling the night with more noise. Then there was silence. Charles strained harder to hear what was happening.

"Lay back my sweet," Melissa said after a moment or two, breaking the silence once again. "Lie back so I can enjoy your beauty and so that I can make love to you."

"Please," begged Connie softly. The bed creaked once more.

"You're so beautiful my sweet," murmured Melissa, "spread out before me in your sexy lingerie."

"Do you ... like them?" Connie asked, her voice trembling with excitement.

"Give me your hand!" Melissa commanded in response. Then there was creaking of the bed once more, followed by a loud gasp of surprise.

"You're sopping wet!" exclaimed Connie, her voice filled with joy.

"I'm wet because of you, my sweet," replied Melissa in a wanton tone, "I'm wet because of you and your sexy bra and panties. I love them and I want you. Now lie back there amongst those pillows and enjoy, because I'm ready to eat you up!"

"Yes!" Connie gasped loudly into the night. Then there was creaking bed, followed by a giggle and a chuckle, and then moans. There were lots of moans.

The moans and groans went on for quite a while, and as they did, Charles lay in his bed and listened. Charles could have reached out and tapped into Melissa, joining with her to feel and know what she was doing with Connie, but he didn't. That would be abusing his power and the trust of his friend and the sister he loved. Instead he listened intently and imagined what was going on in the room next door. Silently he visualized Connie, dressed in the sexy red panties and bra, that Charles had seen her model that very day, lying back upon his sister's bed. Her head would be resting on his sister's pillows, her long silky hair fanned out behind her. Her arms would be thrown to each side, leaving her exposed to his sister's desires, openly surrendering to what was to come. Her slender legs would be parted, and between them, Melissa would be kneeling.

He imagined Melissa as he remembered her from the day she had mounted him. That vision was still vivid in his mind. He imagined her, kneeling between Connie's legs, smiling wantonly down at her, as she prepared to make love to her.

He listened as the bed next door creaked as Melissa lowered her face to Connie's, and he listened as the night was filled with their sighs and moans. It helped Charles. Those sighs and moans, and those barely audible 'yeses' told him what Melissa was doing. He imagined Melissa kissing her way down Connie's body, running her tongue over Connie's sensitive flesh. He knew when Melissa pulled aside the half cup that was covering Connie's breast, and he knew when her mouth had engulfed it. Connie moaned loudly and then gasped.

He even knew when, after a long period of silence, followed by pleading and begging, Melissa went down on Connie. There was the creaking of the bed and a gasp of surprise and then a whimpering of joy. Then Connie came. Charles knew it when it happened.

Connie came with a cry of ecstasy and the silence of the night was broken by it. Charles smiled knowingly. Then there were gasps again and moans, and of course more murmurings that were barely audible, and then the stillness of the night was broken again. Connie cried out with joy once more.

"Yes!" Connie cried loudly, "oh my god ... yes! Please don't stop ... oh god ... please don't stop. It's happening ... it's happening again."

And in response, Melissa whispered, "Come for me my sweet, come for me!"

Connie came one last time.

For a while, all was quiet in the room next to Charles. Then there was some creaking of the bed and a few murmured whispers of love and adoration. Charles lay there and listened.

Time passed and then over the moaning and the sighing came the words he was waiting for. Connie spoke and Charles grinned with glee.

"It's my turn!" Charles heard Connie say, in a voice filled with eagerness and excitement.

"Yes," murmured Melissa in response. "Do it! Show me what you've learned."

And Connie did.

In the dark of the bedroom, Charles lay there and listened as his friend made love to his sister, and this time he heard everything clearly. Melissa talked, and when she spoke she spoke loudly. Oh, she gasped and she groaned as well, but as Connie touched her, Melissa sang out, telling Connie that she loved her touch, and when Connie's mouth engulfed Melissa heaving breast, Melissa groaned out that it was the greatest sensation in the world, and then when Connie dropped between Melissa's legs, Melissa begged her to take her.

Connie did just that and more, and in turn Melissa guided her towards what she desired most. She told her where to lick and where to suck, and how long. She also told Connie to use her fingers and exactly where to rub her. It was an informative experience for Charles. In the end, Connie got it all correct.

Melissa came with a groan that rattled the windows. It was long and drawn out, and as she started to catch her breath she came again.

"Fuck me hard with your fingers!" gasped Melissa, as her second orgasm faded. "Fuck me hard and lick my clit!"

Connie did it and Melissa came again. Then it was over.

They talked a while and Charles listened, and while they talked they cuddled and Charles knew, that was it. Both girls were spent and eventually, wrapped in each others embrace they fell asleep.

Of course, Charles couldn't go back to sleep. His cock was solid as a rock and in need of relief. He had refrained from touching himself while Connie and Melissa had made love. He had chosen not to out of respect for his friend and fear that his own orgasm would startle them if he shouted. Now it was time to do something about it.

Charles' hand fell to his cock. As it did, his bedroom door opened. His mother was standing in the doorway. She was naked. Charles cock twitched with expectation.

Charles mother walked silently into the room, her eyes fixed on Charles' cock. There was a smile on her face. Charles' mind raced. She had come to him just as Katherine Taylor had. She had sensed his need and was there ready to offer him herself, to be used as he pleased.

No ... he thought to himself ... no! He was in need ... but he wasn't going to take his mother again. It didn't matter that her belly was already filled with a child, fathered on her by his teenage seed, and it did not matter that his mother was oblivious to what she was offering. Charles knew and so long as he knew, he would fight the urge.

His mother stop in her tracks but a foot from his bed. Her face was saddened by his decision, but she obeyed. After all, she was his slave. Turning she left the room as quietly as she had entered it.

Charles sighed softly when she was gone. He waited, listening in the silence of the night. Then carefully, he rose from his bed and left. Wrapping his housecoat about him he walked out of the house and over to the Taylor's. The door was open when he got there and Anna was waiting for him. She was dressed the way he liked her to be; in her birthday suit and looking ever so sexy.

His need was upon him. He smiled and took Anna against the door. The girl just mewed with satisfaction as Charles ravished her for the first time that night.

Chapter 20
Posted: April 28, 2015 - 12:02:07 pm

Charles returned early the next day. To his surprise he found Connie and Melissa sitting at the breakfast table eating a hearty breakfast and smiling at each other. Their eyes were twinkling with affection.

"Hello!" Charles said upon seeing them.

Both girls looked at him. Melissa dressed only in her bra and panties replied first.

"Good morning big bro," Melissa replied, giving Charles a great big smile.

Connie on the other hand was not wearing her sexy bra and panties. Instead, she was wearing one of Melissa's t-shirts, which hung on her like a night gown.

"Good morning," answered Connie, returning Charles' smile with one of her own.

"Looks like you guys were ravenous," Charles said as he joined them at the table.

"We were," replied Melissa innocently, while Connie blushed in response, "so Mom made us a great big breakfast. If you're hungry, I can get her to make you breakfast as well."

"No, I'm fine sis," Charles said casually to his sister. "I've already eaten."

"Okay," Melissa replied, and then she gazed over to Connie. "I'm done so I was thinking I'd like to take a shower. Would you like to join me, Connie?"

Connie blushed and looked away for a moment. Then she glanced back at Charles. Charles just kept on smiling at her.

"Umm..." Connie murmured thoughtfully, glancing back at Melissa, who was still waiting for Connie's reply.

"Connie thinks it's a great idea, sis," Charles stated, speaking for Connie, "but she's a little shy, especially when she's around me, so you have to go easy on her. Why don't you wait for her upstairs and I'll send her up when we're done talking."

"Okay," Melissa said, rising up from her seat. Then she bent towards Connie and kissed her. The kiss lingered for a moment, and then Melissa stood up.

"You really shouldn't be embarrassed sweetie," murmured Melissa, flashing a sultry look at Connie. "Charles is a big boy and he knows what we've been up to around here. Anyway, I'll wait for you upstairs, and bro, don't keep her to long, because I think I need her help getting me clean."

"Alright," Charles said as he watched his sister turn, and sashay her way out of the kitchen. "I promise to have her to you in a minute or two."

"You promise?" asked Connie, in a toying manner. "And what about me? Do I have a choice in this family discussion?"

"Melissa's right you know," Charles stated pointedly, disregarding the game she had tried to start with him.

"How so?" Connie asked without hesitation.

"I've seen you naked ... twice," Charles said, looking Connie in the eye, "and I've seen you prancing around in your underwear, and while you're still not comfortable with your sexuality, I am. I don't mind that you and Melissa had sex last night. Personally, I thought it was about time and from the sound of it, it must have been great."

"You ... you heard us last night?" Connie cried out in horror. "But you weren't home. Melissa said you've spent every night over at the Taylor's place, and you just got back from there."

"Well, she was mistaken," replied Charles in a low voice. "Last night I decided to stay home, just in case things didn't go so well for you. I got woken last night by some noise. I have to admit, it sounded like the two of you were having a great time. Afterwards, I went over to the Taylor's for a little relief."

"You were there?" Connie gasped, throwing her face into her hands, as she turned beet red.

"That's what I mean about you getting embarrassed too easily," Charles said flatly.

"Too easily?" cried Connie in response, her face still hidden. "You heard me making love to your sister!"

"And I thought it was beautiful!" Charles declared, "and if that embarrasses you then I'm sorry. However, I'm not sorry that I heard you and I'm certainly not sorry for letting Melissa go out with you. I thought it was the best situation, considering this whole awkward situation that we're in right now. Now I need to talk to you about a few things, but my sister is waiting for you and I promised to send you up to her. However, before you go, I want to ask you one question."

"What?" Connie asked as she peered through her fingers at Charles.

"How did you feel waking up in Melissa's arms this morning?" Charles inquired gazing pointedly at Connie.

Connie lowered her hands and returned Charles' gaze. The colour was still in her face, but it was fading. She looked down at the table for a moment and then bit her lower lip.

"I felt ... safe," Connie said softly, "and I felt wonderful, and I felt like ... I was so happy! I loved waking up with Melissa ... and I'd like to do it again. In fact, I did like to do it every morning."

"Good," replied Charles, looking very satisfied. "Then go have that shower with my sister and stop blushing every time the topic of sex comes up. Be happy and enjoy it and when you're finished I'll be by the cars waiting to talk to you. Okay friend?"

"Okay friend!" Connie said, her face brightening up with happiness once more.

"Now give me a morning hug, and then get your butt in gear," Charles said standing up from his seat. "My sister is not someone to keep waiting, especially when she needs help ... washing!"

Connie blushed once more but this time she didn't hide her face. Standing she met Charles hugging him in a warm, friendly embrace. Charles kissed her on her forehead, and smiled down at her.

"Get," Charles said after a second or two, pushing Connie away.

Connie looked at Charles for a moment, and then mouthed 'love you' to him as she backed out of the kitchen. Charles watched her go.

"Love you too," Charles said softly when he was certain she was out of range.


Chapter 21
Posted: April 29, 2015 - 08:32:59 am

Connie met Charles out by the cars over an hour and a half later. She was still wearing Melissa's t-shirt and her hair was soaking wet. In her hand she carried her dress, shoes, and hand bag. Connie walked towards him, her cheek flushed with colour.

"Sorry," Connie said as she came to a halt in front of Charles. "It took a little while to make certain that Melissa was properly cleaned."

"It's okay," replied Charles, chuckling softly as he spoke. "As I said, Melissa can be demanding. Hopefully, you left her satisfied."

"I most certainly did!" Connie responded, her eyes fixed on Charles and a grin broad upon her face.

"Then everyone is happy?" Charles asked, giving Connie a questioning look.

"Oh yes ... very happy!" Connie replied, her smile growing as she gazed into Charles' face.

Charles smiled back.

"You know you've done a great job here," Connie suddenly said her voice and manner turning all serious. "When I'm here, it feels like life before Clyde and the mess he made. Your family responds to things without the slightest of hesitation. I can talk to them without them going all "yes Mistress" on me, and they interact normally with each other even when we're not there."

"I know," replied Charles with a nod, "I've put countless hours into reprogramming them and the Taylor's. Indeed, because it's less tiring to program a handful of people, I've spent more time on them than what we've put into the rest of the world. In fact, my family is beginning to notice that something is wrong with the world. My dad and mom routinely watch the news every night. Last night they were mentioning how flat and lifeless the reporters have become."

"You know that we're going to have to put in more time cleaning up things." Connie said in a matter of fact manner.

"I know," agreed Charles with a nod, "that's why I wanted to talk to you this morning. I think we should move in together."

"What the... ?" Connie gasped in surprise.

"Don't get too excited," Charles chuckled in reply. "It's not like it sounds. What I'm suggesting is that we find a place, like the penthouses over at the Hyatt Towers. We should take them over and turn them into our headquarters. That way we have a permanent place to work out of and a place in which we can relax."

"The Hyatt Towers?" inquired Connie, "aren't there people already living there? What about them?"

"There are," replied Charles with a nod, "but that's not important. Either we can order them to leave or we can find someplace else that we can move into that doesn't evict anyone. What's important is that we find a place that we can work out of on a daily basis, and where we can live. There's a good chance that my mother and sister are pregnant, and regrettably you might be as well."

Connie frowned at that statement.

"I know that you don't want to hear that," Charles continued, "but it's true. We're going to need a place that we can raise these children. Additionally, we need information and a place that can process the information. We've been experimenting with people in the mall and we've been up loading patches to the world, whenever we see a positive result. Unfortunately, we're not getting any feed back on how the patches are working. Yesterday I saw a news report out of San Francisco, about a man who had a heart attack in the streets. Nobody noticed him and he died. Eventually, a patrol car drove by and noticed him. They did their job and investigated. Afterwards they called emergency services and they came and took the body away. This situation needs fixing. People are doing their jobs, but beyond that they're still drones looking for instructions and the only way we can give them the instructions is if we know that there is a problem."

"So what do you suggest?" Connie asked with interest.

"We recruit the world's reporters into being our informants," replied Charles. "They're our first target. We work to bring them up to the same level of independence that my family is at or better. Then we command them to report anything odd or out of the ordinary. Hopefully, their awareness will help provide us with the knowledge we need to clean up this mess. My thought was that they would report directly to us. That's another reason we need a larger place. I'd like to set up a support team. Information would come into the support team and they would prioritize it for us, and since there are twenty-four hours in the day, we could set up shifts of people to work in the support team; that way there will be somebody on call at all times if a crisis arose."

"Boy, you have been thinking, haven't you?" said Connie with awe in her voice.

"Yeah and there's more," Charles replied picking up the conversation again. "I've been worried about the headaches that we've experienced this week. For the most part, we've done all our commands together in order to limit the pain felt when commanding large groups of people. The headaches mean that there's somebody else out there and we need to know who it is and where they are."

"Yea," agreed Connie, "I've been worried about them as well. So, do you want to use the reporters to find these people?"

"For now, yes!" said Charles in a definite manner. "They can be our first line of information. Later as the world gets better and we learn more about manipulating people without screwing up the world, well ... then we'll see what resources come to light."

"Okay, that sounds reasonable." Connie murmured in agreement.

"I also hoped to find out why we're different from everybody else," Charles stated, looking seriously at Connie. "I think we need to investigate why we have these powers. Maybe the answers will help us clean up this mess and maybe the answers will help us find out if there are more of us out there."

"That's a lot to achieve," Connie said, nodding thoughtfully to herself.

"And to achieve it we need people and space!" interjected Charles, giving Connie a smile.

"I don't want to evict anyone if we don't need to," insisted Connie, "so I think we need to look at something other than the Hyatt Towers. Maybe we can look for something on the outskirts of town,.maybe an estate or a ranch."

"That's fine with me so long as it meets our space and technology needs." Charles said.

"Is there anything else?" Connie inquired, gazing at Charles.

"Only one more thing," Charles replied, his smile growing into a grin. "If you're going to wear one of my sister's t-shirts around me, I suggest that you make sure you're completely dry before putting it on, because while I've enjoyed the show..."

"Charles!" Connie cried in surprise.

As she screamed Charles scooted away, slipping around the car as Connie gazed down at her attire.

To her horror the t-shirt was essentially transparent. The water that had been on her body when she had slipped it on had saturated the material. Now it clung to her, shaping her bosom and clinging to her about her waist and thighs, and while it had begun to dry, much of her was still visible through the fabric.

"You bastard!" Connie screamed glaring over to where Charles was standing. "You've stood there for the last fifteen minutes, ogling me without saying a word."

"I didn't want to embarrass you," Charles chuckled in reply.

"Embarrass me!" cried Connie, her face now red with anger. "Charles Ralston, you are a bastard and I'm going to tell your mother."

With that, Connie turned and ran back into Charles' house. A moment later, his mother was at the door calling him.

"Charles Theodore Ralston," his mother cried loudly at him, "you get in this house right now and explain your actions right now."

Charles chuckled to himself for a moment and then he wiped the smirk off of his face. It was the first time in two weeks that his mother had raised her voice to him. Strangely, it was a nice experience.

Charles hurried towards the house and his waiting mother, eager to answer her call. True he would have to apologize to Connie and his family, but he didn't mind. It was nice to feel normal once again, if only for a moment.

Chapter 22
Posted: April 29, 2015 - 12:39:29 pm

A month! A month had gone by since that morning in front of Charles' house and during that time a lot had happened.

They had moved. Charles and his family, the Taylor's, and Connie had packed their bags and they had moved about a week after that conversation. It was all Connie's doing. With a call here and a command there, she had been able to find them a new home that not only met Charles' specifications but also exceeded it by a lot. It was a massive estate and it was theirs.

On top of that Charles learned that he was going to be a father ... twice. They had barely moved in and settled when the wheel of fate turned, ignoring the happiness that Charles was enjoying in his new home. Melissa came down with the flu, or so everyone one had thought; everyone that was except for Charles. It was the sign he had feared and that he had been watching for since all of this had happened. Charles had a word with Katherine and it was quickly confirmed. Then he had Katherine check his mother as well. Surprise, surprise! She was pregnant as well.

However that was not the biggest surprise.

The biggest surprise occurred shortly after that. Charles received a long distance phone call, a phone call that opened his eyes to how big of a mess the world was really in. That call led to a visit to the estate by the caller.

"Hello Mr. Jackson," Charles said coldly as he shook the man's hand. "Come in and have a seat.

"Thank you Master," the tall black man replied without any emotion.

It was the day after the phone call. Charles had not slept much and neither had Connie.

"Have you brought all your files with you?" Connie asked as she sat down across from the man.

"Yes Mistress," replied the man.

"And you've destroyed all other files?" Charles inquired firmly.

"As you commanded, Master," confirmed the man.

"Have you been contacted by any other Masters or Mistresses?" Charles demanded to know.

"No Master," answered the man, "you're the first."

"And you're the only one at your corporation that knows what was done?" Connie inquired.

"Yes Mistress," replied the man, "I was the corporate liaison with the government on this project."

"So what did the rest of your research staff believe?" asked Charles.

"They were informed that we were developing a new vaccine for meningitis Master," the man stated in a flat tone.

"And in reality it was a mental enhancer!" stated Connie, gazing with resentment at the man.

"Yes Mistress," the man answered. "The government was concerned with the declining intellectual capability of the nation. Their people believed that they could boost the capability of people over generations. In fact, they doubted that they would see any results during this generation. It was their belief that the offspring of this generation would have enhanced intelligence and that their children would inherit their parents abilities. With further inoculation of each successive generation, the government hoped that they could radically increase the intellectual resources of the nation."

"And they failed!" Charles stated bluntly.

"Yes Master," the man said in agreement.

"Still, their experiment has made our current situation worse," Connie pointed out. "The suggestion is that the children currently being carried by the women of the world could be born with enhanced mental capabilities. In essence, they might have the power to control people, which could make our job a million times harder. It all depends on how many people were initially inoculated and how many have either fathered a child or are carrying a child. Since we don't know those numbers, we will never know what we're dealing with.

"What cities were used to test this inoculation?" Charles asked the man directly.

"Within continental America, we picked five cities," the man replied. "There was Sunnyvale here on the west coast. In the Midwest, we picked Kansas City and in the south, we picked Galveston. On the east coast, we chose Bangor and Miami and in each of those cities we chose to run the inoculation program at two secondary schools. Our records indicate that we inoculated approximately two thousand teenagers per city. In total we inoculated ten thousand teenagers, nation wide."

"Was the experiment limited to the United States?" Connie inquired.

"No Mistress," replied the man. "Limited tests were conducted on the dependants of embassy staff in France, Russia, South Africa, and India. Our records indicate one hundred dependents were inoculated in this group."

"And your research team, do they still exist?" Charles asked, gazing with concern at the man.

"Two of our lead researchers died during what has been dubbed 'The World Crisis'," answered the man, "but the remainder of the staff is still working for the corporation."

"Is there anything else we should know now," Connie asked pointedly, "without having to wade through all your files?"

"Yes Mistress," the man replied, "The government included a nanite receiver / transmitter in the inoculation in order to track all the test subjects and to identify any subjects who began to demonstrate biological and mental changes. These nanites were designed to collected data and then transmit it via military satellites to government monitoring station. The raw data was then to be sent to the corporation for analysis and further study."

That caused both Charles and Connie to pause for a moment and think. Then Charles looked at Connie and asked, "Do you think that's why were able to reach out to the whole world?"

"Maybe," Connie shrugged in response. "I don't know."

"What do you think Mr. Jackson?" Charles asked the man who was sitting in front of him.

"Perhaps Master," the man responded without hesitating, "although such a theory would have to be studied and tested before we could state anything conclusively."

"There won't be any more testing and studying!" Connie snapped vehemently.

"Yes Mistress," the man acknowledged in a dispassionate voice.

Charles looked at the man for a moment, and then stared over at Connie. He saw the anger in her face and she saw the anger in his. They stared at each other for a minute.

"Let's go get a drink," Charles said after a minute of silence.

Connie and Charles left the man in their office and walked off in silence. Eventually they reached the kitchen where Charles grabbed a couple of colas out of the fridge. He poured one into a glass for Connie. He drank his out of the can.

"So there it is!" stated Charles after taking a swig of his drink. "We're in this mess because of our lovely government and a pharmaceutical company that had no qualms about experimenting on teenagers."

"What do you want to do?" Connie asked her voice filled with concern.

"Personally," Charles said, putting down his drink, "I think everyone involved should die."

"I don't like that option!" Connie stated in a firm manner.

"I know that," Charles replied slowly, "but I don't know of too many other options."

"I still don't want to kill anyone if we can avoid it," Connie reiterated. "Maybe we can break up the research team and make them disappear."

"We could," nodded Charles, "if we wipe all record of the project from their memory, along with destroying any electronic records that still exist. It might work. There's still a risk that someone else might find Mr. Jackson, however if we're thorough enough, things should be okay."

"That's not the big problem is it?" Connie said with disgust.

"No it's not," Charles acknowledged. "Who knows how many more 'Clyde's' there are out there."

"Or how many like him that will be born in eight months time!" stated Connie. "And that includes the children your mother and sister are carrying."

"I know," Charles said softly, his face expressing his pain over his pending fatherhood. "Hopefully, if they are like us, we can raise them to be good and not like Clyde."

"Hopefully!" repeated Connie. "Still it's overwhelming just thinking about it."

"Fortunately, Mr. Jackson has provided us with a list of everyone who was inoculated," noted Charles. "With that we can investigate and see who else has developed powers."

"It's a start," Connie said in agreement, "but the long term, we'll have to address that."

"And sooner rather than later," Charles replied curtly, "but for now we need to find out who else is out there that has powers like ours."

"Agreed," Connie said firmly, "and if we do find another 'Clyde'?"

"I'll make certain that he dies!" declared Charles staring into Connie's eyes as he spoke.

Connie looked at him but said nothing. After a moment, she nodded her head in agreement.

Charles sighed heavily, and then finished his drink. It was time to get to work.

Chapter 23
Posted: April 30, 2015 - 08:18:53 am

"You're all alone tonight?" Connie asked in a low voice as she stood in the doorway to Charles' bedroom.

Charles looked up when she spoke. His gaze fell on her and he smiled. Connie smiled back. She was wearing Charles' old hoodie. It hung just below the V of her sex. Her long, red hair was pulled up, though ringlets fell on either side of her head. She looked as beautiful as ever.

"I am," Charles replied with a sigh, looking down towards a pile of papers that he had been reading. "Anna wasn't feeling well tonight, and Jennifer and Katherine have begged off as well. They claimed they were tired."

"I hope this doesn't mean..." Connie started to say teasingly.

"No it does not!" Charles growled emphatically, cutting Connie off. "I've been exceedingly careful on that account. Not only do I use condoms with them every time we have sex, I've also made sure that all three of them are on the pill."

"I know," Connie said with a bit of a chuckle, "and I'm sorry if my teasing upset you. I didn't mean to make you mad. Besides, I appreciate that you haven't gotten any of the Taylor's pregnant. It actually means a lot to me."

"It does?" Charles inquired, raising an eyebrow in response to Connie's words. "And why would you be interested in whether I'm fathering children or not?"

"Well there are several reasons," Connie answered, giving Charles a mischievous look. "One of course is the fact that any child sired by you runs the risk of being able to control people. That is a risk that should be limited if at all possible and two the fact that you haven't impregnated the Taylor's tells me that you care about them. They might be your willing slaves but I know that you don't abuse them."

"You said several reasons," Charles muttered when Connie fell silent. "That was only two."

"True," said Connie in agreement, giving Charles a smile as she replied, "but those two points should cover things for now. After all, I didn't drop by to discuss your sex life."

"Okay," replied Charles in a thoughtful manner, "why don't you come in and we can chat."

"Okay," Connie said in agreement.

Charles put the papers that he had been reading away in a folder and then he put the folder on his bedside table. Connie walked into the room and then sat down on the end of his bed. As she did, her eyes ran quickly over his body. He was naked and she knew it. A bedspread covered him from the waist down, but it could not obscure the outline of his manhood. She bit her lip in thought.

"So," Charles asked as he turned his attention back to Connie, "what do you want to talk about?"

Connie didn't answer the question right away. Instead she sat there for a moment and gazed with interest at Charles. It was now eight long months since the world had fallen to the desires of a kid with too much power. Charles was now eighteen while she had just turned seventeen. They had been together since that fateful day and looking back, Connie was thankful that Charles had been there that day. Without him she might not have survived.

For a moment a cloud slipped over her face as the memory rose within her of what had happened. Then she saw Charles face. His face was filled with concern, and in response Connie smiled at him. Charles returned that smile. Connie knew he cared.

"Don't worry friend," Connie said softly. "I'm okay. I was just thinking about the day we met. A lot has happened since that day."

"True," Charles replied, his gaze turning all thoughtful as he too remembered that day. A shiver slid down his spine, and he shook.

"Not a pleasant memory!" Charles muttered as Connie looked at him with curiosity.

"Some parts are," replied Connie in a warm fashion. "We met that day and you saved me, and then we became friends."

"True again," nodded Charles, "and as you say, a lot has happened since then."

"We moved here," said Connie, "and set up house. We learned why this mess occurred and made certain it wouldn't happen again. We've worked hard making the world as normal as we can, and in the process we learned to love."

"You and Melissa!" nodded Charles as she spoke.

"Yes," replied Connie with a bashful grin, "and we arranged for peace in the Middle East."

"That is true," chuckled Charles in response, "but what has that got to do with you needing to talk to me?"

"I guess..." Connie started to say and then she stopped. Connie looked down at her hands in her lap and fell silent once again.

"You guess what?" Charles asked, pushing Connie to respond.

"I guess I was trying to say how close we've become," Connie replied, with her eyes still fixed on her hands in her lap.

"Of course we have," Charles said as reassuringly as possible. "I care for you Connie. We're friends!"

"Friends," Connie repeated with a nod. As she did, she glanced up and looked into Charles' smiling face. "We are that indeed. You've been with me since the beginning and you're the only man I trust on this planet. When Clyde tried to take over the world, you stood up to him. You saw that what he was doing was wrong and you said no. Then when we found out the size of the mess we were in, you stood up again and instead of exploiting your power, you sought a solution to the problem. You accepted me loving your sister and you've welcomed me into your family. In a way, you're my hero!"

"Your hero!" Charles gasped in surprise.

"Yeah," replied Connie softly, "ever since that day in the auditorium."

"But Connie," protested Charles, "you've been..."

"I know Charles," interrupted Connie. "I know what you're going to say and yes I've been part of it all and ... it doesn't matter. What really matters is this!"

As she spoke Connie rose up off of the bed, and as she did, she took hold of the bottom of the hoodie. In one swift movement, Connie pulled it up and over her head. Tossing it aside, Connie stood there in her sexy red lingerie; the same one's that Charles had helped picked out for Connie's first date with his sister. She looked great in them.

"What really matters," Connie said with all earnest, "is that I want you to make love to me Charles."

Charles sat there stunned, with his mouth open wide with surprise.

"You did say one time," whispered Connie after a second or two, "that you'd make love to me if I asked. I'm asking you now. Please make love to me, Charles."

"I did at that, didn't I?" Charles replied, a grin forming on his lips as he addressed Connie. "I also remember that I told you that I loved that bra and panty set."

"I know," said Connie with a playful smile, "that's why I'm wearing them."

"Well," responded Charles with a mischievous twinkle in his eye. "You can lose those panties."

As he spoke, Charles tossed aside his bedding, revealing himself to Connie. Connie gasped with surprise. He had always teased her, telling her that he got hard for her and now the evidence lay before her eyes. It was the first time that she had ever seen Charles' raging hard manhood. It was long and hard and she knew it was for her. That knowledge made here blush once more. Then with a mischievous grin forming on her lips, she pushed off her panties.

"Better?" Connie asked coyly.

"Much better!" declared Charles emphatically.

Connie stepped over to him and sat down beside Charles. Charles stared into her eyes for a moment. Then he spoke.

"Are you sure of this?" Charles asked cautiously.

"Yes," Connie replied, "I love you!"

"I love you too, my friend!" Charles said softly. As he spoke, he placed his hand on Connie's shoulder and pulled himself towards her so that he could kiss her. Their eyes met for a second and Charles hesitated. Connie smiled and leaned into him. Their lips met and there was a spark. Connie's mouth opened and Charles gave to her his love.

As Charles kissed Connie, his hand slipped from her shoulder. As it did, it brushed aside her bra strap. Connie murmured with pleasure in response. His hand slid down her slender arm and brushed against her tiny breast. Connie gasped with excitement. Their lips parted and Charles smiled. Mischievously, he gazed down between Connie and him. His eyes fell to her bra encased tit. Connie smiled knowingly.

Charles lowered his mouth to the lacy edge of the bra. He let his tongue slid over the rise of Connie's tiny bosom. Connie murmured yes. Charles forged on. His tongue caught the edge of the fabric and forced it away. It slipped over her puffed up areola and grazed her erect nipple. A tremor rippled through Connie's body.

Connie pulled Charles' face to her again. She kissed him with desire and he returned her passion. A sigh passed between them when their embrace finally broke.

"Charles..." Connie started to say.

"I'll be gentle my love!" Charles interrupted, his hand rising from Connie's breast as he spoke. Tenderly he stroked her cheek.

"Thank you," responded Connie softly, blushing a little as she replied, "but it's not that. It's..."

"It's what?" asked Charles.

"Make love to me Charles," replied Connie, gazing down at Charles' manhood as she spoke. "Make love to me tonight and give me a baby! Please Charles, please."

Charles gazed into Connie's eyes and stroked her hair tenderly. He loved the girl and had loved her dearly from the first moment he had seen her. She wanted his child. How could he refuse her?

"All right..." replied Charles with a grin. "I'll make love to you Connie and I'll give you our child, but I'm still going to be gentle with you."

Connie smiled and Charles smiled and then they kissed tenderly for a few moments. As they kissed Charles hand reached for Connie's youthful breast. Connie sighed her acceptance. After that it became a very long night.

Epilogue
Posted: April 30, 2015 - 01:25:11 pm
Updated: April 30, 2015 - 05:15:07 pm

Ernesto Batista stood on his balcony and drew back on the joint he was smoking. It felt very good. Then he exhaled, expelling the smoke into the morning sky. Before him lay his turf and he smiled. He was the King of Miami. Grinning he tossed the roach away, and picked up a beer.

A year had passed since that day when the world went crazy. Ernesto had been in lock up at the sheriff's department for a minor misunderstanding. He had hit someone who had gotten in his way. The idiot had refused to stay down, so Ernesto had hit him again. Then he hit the dude's slut. She went down easy, so he fucked her. Unfortunately, the cops showed up while he had his dick in her ass. He was hauled in and charged.

Of course, it was no biggie. At least that was what Ernesto had thought as he sat waiting to be arraigned. His people would deal with the asshole and his girlfriend. By tomorrow there would be no witnesses and he would walk. It wasn't the first time Ernesto had been in trouble.

Then it happened. With him in holding were half a dozen losers. Most were there for driving under the influence. Ernesto didn't give a shit about them, at least not until they started to go freaky. Then he started to care.

He remembered it well. First he had gotten this splitting headache for no fucking reason whatsoever. It lasted for a few minutes and then it was gone. The headache had floored him, causing him to feel like puking up his guts. Whacked, Ernesto had picked himself up. Instinctively he turned to the guy nearest him, in hopes of bumming a cigarette. Smoking helped him cope. To Ernesto's horror the guy started muttering something that was totally fucked up. It had sounded like the guy had said, "Must fuck, must have sex, must cum!"

The guy was a fucking faggot! Instinctively Ernesto ploughed him in the face. The guy dropped like a ton of bricks. Ernesto stood over him and spat on him, cursing him in Spanish as he stood there.

That's when Ernesto heard the other guys saying the same fucking thing. Not only were they chanting the words over and over again, they were stripping of their clothing and doing it. Ernesto freaked and almost shit himself. In his panic he called for a guard and when the guard arrived Ernesto had ordered him to let him out before those loco faggots gang raped him.

That was when Ernesto found out that everyone was chanting the same thing over and over again, and he found out that everyone was fucking. He also found out that when he told somebody something, they did it.

Just like the guard who had released him. The cop hadn't bothered securing his weapon before coming into holding. Instead he had just rushed to answer Ernesto's orders. He had even said 'Yes Master' when Ernesto told him to open the cell and let him out. Thinking the ass was as stupid as the faggot he'd dropped, Ernesto asked him for his gun. The idiot just gave it to him. Ernesto popped him one between the eyes and then marvelled that nobody took any notice.

That had put a smile on Ernesto's face. For the next half hour Ernesto walked around the police station popping anyone wearing a badge. If the cop was female, he fucked her first before popping her. Then he took a cop car and drove home.

Of course, the outside had been as fucked up as the inside. People everywhere were naked and they all were having sex, regardless of age or gender. It was a totally freaking thing to see and it made Ernesto horny.

At home he'd found his mother and sister getting it on. That really blew his mind. While his mother wasn't a hottie any more, seeing her go down on his little sister's virginal cunt made his boner throb, so he shucked his pants and fucked her, filling her pussy with his seed. When he was done with her, he popped his sister's cherry. It had been the start to the best year in his life.

Ernesto to another swig of beer, and then remembered some more.

It hadn't lasted. The day of chaos had slipped away while Ernesto had busied himself partying with his mother, sister, and a hot little number who worked as a hooker outside their building. One minute everyone was fucking their brains out, and in the next they had started to get dressed. That had pissed Ernesto off for a minute or two because he was having fun. Then he found out that although people were acting sort of normal they weren't. They were like robots waiting for orders.

So Ernesto gave them orders and before he knew it, he was the King of Miami. Everyone obeyed him. Everyone submitted.

A baby cried in the distance, one of his many gets. A smirk appeared on his lips.

Ernesto had fucked every hot number in Miami. In the past year, if she was cute, she got fucked, and if she got fucked, the slut got pregnant. He was fathering a kingdom.

Yep, life was great, or it was most of the time anyway. The only time it was bad was when the headaches started. Then Ernesto felt like puking. But they never lasted long and lately, there had been fewer and fewer instances.

Ernesto stretched. Enough reminiscing he told himself. He had been king for a year and his people were going to throw him a party. It was going to be a hell of a party. Every virgin from the north to the south of Miami had been tracked down by his minions. Every teenage girl who had not taken a cock in her tight little slit on the Day of Chaos was going to be offered up to him. He would take them all and fill them with his baby making cum.

But that was tonight and tonight was a long time away. He needed pussy now or maybe a nice virgin ass.

He looked into his home. His mother was nursing his daughter and most of his harem was sleeping where they had fallen the night before. All were naked and well fucked. He needed someone fresh.

That's when the Yuma appeared below him on the street.

The first thing he noticed was the car. It was one of those really hot foreign cars. A Ferrari convertible and it was a fiery red in colour. Then he noticed the Yuma. She was wearing a strapless white dress. Ernesto liked white. It was so virginal.

The car had come to a halt outside of his palace. For a minute or two, Ernesto watch with interest as the Yuma tried to restart it. The engine cranked but nothing happened. Ernest chuckled as the Yuma got out of the vehicle. He watched as she paced back and forth in her high heels, wiggling her tight ass, and cursing at the ride. Ernesto chuckled some more. A girl like that shouldn't use language like that; he would have to go down there and teach her to be polite.

Ernesto walked into his house and strode past the naked women who lay on the floor, oblivious to their lord and master. He walked out of the house and hurried down a flight of stairs. He went as he was, dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, taking nothing with him, not even a pistol. After all, this was his kingdom and he was absolute in his power and control.

When the girl saw him crossing the street towards him, she called out to him, asking him if he knew anything about cars. Ernesto looked at her and just smiled. The bitch didn't even know when she was in danger.

Ernest came to a halt in front of her. His eyes leered hungrily at her hot, full body. He loved her long dark hair, her massive set of tits, and her round, hard ass. Ernest slapped her down with his fist as she opened her mouth to speak.

"Get up!" Ernesto ordered the girl, "and bend over the front of your car."

The girl obeyed him. By now, she was under his control and she was his to command. Quickly she stood up, ignoring the blood that trickled from her lip. Obediently she walked over to the car and bent over, pressing her bosom against the hot hood of the sports car. She did it without a complaint.

Ernest followed her and watched as she moved into his preferred position. Then, when she was settled, he reached out and pushed up the hem of her dress. Forcefully, he pushed it up until her white Yuma ass shone in the light of the new day.

God what a perfect ass Ernesto thought to himself, licking his lips in anticipation of the pleasure that he was going to experience. The bitch wasn't even wearing panties. Ernesto could see her tight little rose bud of a bung hole winking up at him and the soft, plump flesh of her shaven crotch. Ernesto was going to have some fun.

"So Yuma," Ernesto said to the woman, pulling his cock out of his pants as he spoke. "I am Ernesto and I am your Master. I'm going to fuck your tight little butthole with my massive cock, and then I'm going to shove my dirty dick into your pussy. That way, when I blow my seed into your womb, we will be guaranteed to get a nice dark skinned nené!"

Then Ernesto stopped. Suddenly, he felt a pain in his head again. God it hurt. Instinctively he put his hand to his head. Ernesto felt something wet. He looked at his fingers. Blood!

Ernesto dropped to the ground dead.

A half hour later and four time zones away, Charles hung up the phone.

"Who was it?" Connie asked in a low voice.

"Sorry," Charles replied automatically, gazing over to his friend and lover. She was dressed in a pair of white panties and a cut off sleeveless t-shirt that left her small swelling belly exposed.

"Did the phone wake you?" Charles asked affectionately.

"No," answered Connie with a smile, "I was up watching Melissa nurse Tessa."

"Ah!" Charles nodded knowingly, "my mother is up as well. She's nursing Ryan at the moment."

Connie did not reply. She smiled lovingly at Charles and then silently she walked over to him. Charles wrapped his arms about her, as she leaned into him, so that she could lean up and kiss him. Her lips were warm and sensual, and Charles returned the kiss with one of his own. They stayed like that for a moment or two before parting once again.

Connie turned in Charles' arms as their lips separated. Happily, she snuggled into his body, pressing herself eagerly against his strong, firm form. Charles let his arms surround her. Instinctively, one hand fell to her small, hard breast. He cupped it and caressed it. The other hand fell to her midriff. Gently he stroked the rounding of her belly, lovingly caressing his unborn child.

"That feels nice," Connie murmured softly.

"You feel nice." Charles whispered into her ear.

"So are you going to tell me about the phone call?" Connie asked, a smile forming on her lips.

"Wouldn't you rather join me in bed?" Charles replied, brushing his thumb over her hardening nipple.

"Afterwards," Connie said, placing her hand over his to prevent his teasing. "First I want to talk about the phone call. Was it Miami?"

"Yes," Charles answered with a sigh of resignation. "It was Special Agent Sanchez of the FBI. He was reporting on Ernesto Batista."

"And?" asked Connie softly.

"A FBI sniper shot him dead half an hour ago!" Charles replied bluntly.

Connie sighed and lowered her head.

"I'm sorry..." Charles started to say.

"Don't be!" interrupted Connie. "The man was worse than Clyde and he deserved to die. Ordering his death was right and you shouldn't feel bad about it. You did what was right."

"I'm still sorry," replied Charles giving Connie a squeeze. "I know that you'd prefer a better solution."

"Unfortunately," Connie said softly, "there isn't a better solution. So, tell me about the children."

"Special Agent Sanchez and his team are beginning the process of identifying them," Charles replied solemnly, "but it's a big job. The bastard impregnated every woman who crossed his path. Right now, our people are estimating numbers in the hundreds if not thousands."

"That bastard... !" Connie exclaimed.

Charles hugged her closer.

"After they've been identified," Charles continued in a low, steady voice. "Sanchez will take them and their mothers to Camp Steele. There they will be examined by Kathy Ortega. She'll see which of the kids have been turned into drones and which ones are normal. After that, she'll be responsible for seeing that the normal kids are raised properly."

"Good," sighed Connie, "I like Kathy. We were lucky to find her."

"We were luckier still that she thought like us and not like Ernesto or Clyde!" Charles declared in a firm voice.

"What about the girl in St. Petersburg?" Connie asked after a second or two.

"I think we might have to take a trip there," Charles said. "Every attempt to contact her has been brushed aside. As far as I can tell, other than keeping people away from her, she hasn't used her control for anything else. Dr. Owens believes that she's still in shock over 'Crisis Day'. The girl was thirteen at the time so who knows what she went through. Maybe if we went and talked to her personally, we can help her."

"That would be nice," noted Connie with a nod of her head. "So tell me about the girl in Kansas City. What about her?"

"Angela Harding," Charles said identifying the girl Connie had asked about. "Personally I think that she's another one we should contact. Intelligence shows that she has set herself and her entourage up in some luxury accommodation; however, besides living the good life and keeping a few sex slaves to keep her entertained, she hasn't done anything to conflict with our efforts. My intentions are to send in Special Agent Burns to speak to her. After that, we'll see. Maybe she'll turn out like Kathy."

"Good," said Connie softly. Then she pulled away from Charles. Slipping out of his arms, she grabbed hold of his hand and tugged it.

"Come with me," Connie said with a grin upon her face.

Charles followed without a thought.

Silently Connie led Charles through their mansion. Eventually, they arrived at Connie's bedroom.

"Look," Connie whispered as they arrived outside the door.

Obediently Charles gazed into the dimly lit room. In a chair in the corner of the bedroom sat his sister nursing his child, their daughter. Melissa looked up and smiled upon noticing them. Charles smiled back, noting that Melissa was topless. Her young breasts were heavy with milk.

"I know this has been a very awkward situation for you Charles," Connie said softly, squeezing Charles' hand as she spoke, "but you've been a very good father to Tessa and Ryan and I know you love them. I also know that it has made your mother and Melissa happy, knowing that you love their babies."

"Why shouldn't I love them?" Charles asked in protest. "It's not as if they asked to be born through incest."

"I know Charles," Connie said squeezing Charles hand once more, "and I'm proud of you for loving them. You're a good father to them and I know you're going to be a good father to our child when it is born. However, I'm going to ask something of you and it's going to put you in an awkward situation again."

"What are you asking?" Charles whispered, gazing questioningly at Connie.

"Well, in a year or so, Melissa will want another child and I want you to be the father once more," Connie answered.

"Connie!" Charles hissed in protest. "You know I can't do that."

"You can Charles," stated Connie, contradicting his protest, "and it's because you love me and because you love your sister, that you'll do it."

"But... !" Charles started to say.

Connie placed her fingers to his lips silencing him.

"Charles, I love you," Connie said with a grin, "but you've been so wrapped up in this mess for so long that you're blind to the little things. One of those small things is the fact that besides you and me and a hand full of others whom we've experimented with and of course people controlled by others like us, nobody else is having sex. A year ago you told everyone not to have sex and that was that. Now considering how fucked up the world is, people not having sex isn't a bad thing. Still, it's resulted in two things. It resulted in people with pent up desires and no way to find relief, and two ... there is a world full of women who see you as the alpha male and that number includes not only your sister but your mother as well."

"Shit!" exclaimed Charles, his eyes going wide.

"That's right ... shit!" repeated Connie. "Now Melissa loves me and we've got a great sex life thanks to our efforts at reprogramming her, but there's something lacking for her. Do you know what's lacking? You! That's what's lacking. She desires you because you're the alpha male of the whole wide world. She's been conditioned through your reprogramming of her and by Clyde's original commands to want her master. Regrettably, that command is deep seated and for now, there is nothing that we can do to change that. On top of that, she's been reprogrammed through your efforts with Anna and Jennifer to feel desire and respond accordingly. Every time you're with them or you're with me, she gets horny and when she sees us together, she wonders why you won't take her to your bed and make love to her. Now, I'm not expecting you to get this right away, and I know that you'll probably still protest my idea, but I want things to change. Soon I'll want you to take Melissa as your lover. I'm not offering you a threesome, but I am saying, I want you to screw my wife and when the time comes, I want you to give her another baby. Do you get it?"

Charles stared in disbelief at the girl in front of him. Then he glanced over at Melissa. Melissa was beaming happily, her eyes fixed on Connie. Charles saw the love that was there. He sighed loudly in response.

"I know its awkward Charles," Connie whispered softly, stepping towards Charles as she spoke, "but I know you. You're a good man and you would never hurt your sister or me. So, for now I'm asking you to think about it."

Charles stared silently into Connie's trusting eyes. As he did, he remembered that time ages ago when Katherine Taylor had come to the mall of her own accord to satisfy his need. He had intended then to upload a new patch to the world focused on sex. That thought had been driven away later that night when his mother had come to his bedroom for the same reason. It had made him rethink things. Now it was out in the open again and he needed to confront it, just as he had confronted everything else that had occurred because of Clyde. He hadn't realized it was as bad as it was, but now ... Connie had certainly opened his eyes.

Charles silently nodded in reply.

"Good!" stated Connie, her voice filled with relief. "Now I think you made me an offer earlier, so let's head to your room and Melissa can get Tessa back to bed."

Charles looked at her for a moment and hesitated. Connie squeezed his hand once more to reassure him that everything was all right.

"You're telling me that nobody has had sex for a year?" Charles asked tentatively.

"Not counting other peoples slaves," Connie replied, "yeah, essentially no one has had sex for a year now."

"Boy," exclaimed Charles, a mischievous grin forming on his lips, "then we'd better get to work uploading a patch and sorting this out."

Connie looked at him for a minute and then matched his grin with one of her own.

"Yes!" Connie declared enthusiastically, moving in to press her body up against Charles' once again. "We definitely need to get busy working on that patch!"

Then she raised her face to his and kissed him on the lips and her passion flowed outward to be felt by Charles and the world and the world sensing it, it sighed at last with relief.