Stripping Anonymously For My Mother
bydrzkings©

It was due to my college tuition that it all happened. After my parents had divorced two years ago my father had moved across the country and cut off all contact with me. My Mom had had to take two jobs for awhile just to get out of the pile of bills she was under partially due to the divorce so when it was time for me to go to college I had to pay my own way. My first year I had to work long hours to pay for it and it was difficult to find enough time for studying let alone for a social life.

It was during the summer when I was nineteen between my first and second year of college that my life took a turn that led to the unexpected place I found myself in. Though I still worked I actually had some time to have fun and it was while I was at a bar on a Friday night that things changed forever. I was drinking a lot thanks to my fake I.D. when I saw the bar was having a best bodies contest. Some friends talked me into entering because I was always in good shape and cut so I decided what the hey.

That night I came in second place and won $50 but after I was back at the table a free round of drinks arrived at the table followed shortly by a sharply dressed man. He introduced himself as Carlo and told me he had a business proposition for me. Needless to say even while drunk I was suspicious of his motives but he gave me his business card which identified him as a promoter. One of his endeavors was that he promoted male strippers for parties and clubs for a strictly female clientele.

"With your physique and baby face you could make a lot of money kid. If you're interested when you're sober give me a call tomorrow" were his last words to me before he departed.

His card wound up in my pocket and I didn't think anymore of it until the next day when I discovered the card again. Though I doubted that I'd do it I could find out the details at the least so I called the number. Carlo informed me that I'd be able to only work nights which would free up my days for classes. Also the money I'd be making would easily dwarf what I was now making and that was before tips and other "perks".

Since I was young and you only live once I decided to give it a try on one condition. I asked Carlo if there was anyway that I could do it disguised. He laughed and said it was possible, but added that hiding my face would hurt my bottom line but that was my business. He informed me that he was promoting a show that very night so I could go and see for myself, learn the ropes and get my feet wet so to speak. I agreed to meet him at the club that night.

That night sure was an education for me. To be honest I had seen some of those cfnm videos on the net but I figured they exaggerated somewhat for the camera. But what I saw was insane the way some of the women acted. Whether younger or older, thin or thick, with all heights and ethnicities some of these women went crazy which seemed to be encouraged.

While some of the women were embarrassed and refused to do more than look there were others who fondled, spanked and even sucked the talent. As the night progressed and the alcohol flowed things got even crazier. A couple of the strippers, out of a team of four, actually fucked a couple of customers who pulled up their skirts and were banged either bent over or actually on the top of table as the other women cheered them on.

They pulled out and came on the women and were showered with bills for doing so while the other two strippers came from receiving oral service. In moments while free the guys told me what to expect as well as regaling me with their most impressive exploits with the ladies. In fact many of the women were so worked up that I ended up with a number of phone numbers as well as offers for sex and that was while I was fully dressed hanging out by the edge of the room.

When the show was over I talked with Carlo backstage and I agreed to give it a try. He told me to show up the next afternoon so I could go through a crash course in dancing and other skills. But as he explained having the right look and being willing and able to "entertain" the ladies as necessary was more important than pure dancing skill.

"Being able to play to the crowd and read what a particular woman or group wants is the key. Now unless I'm mistaken I saw you making friends already even when not working and you probably want to go get laid. Enjoy it now because after doing this awhile some guys say it becomes like work" Carlo informed me.

That seemed hard to believe to me initially so I said good night and went to meet a young woman named Jamie who had come with some friends. She was in her early twenties and we wound up having sex in my car in the parking lot as neither of us lived alone. It was okay but I never called her again and she was just as happy to move on as I was.

So started my career as a male exotic dancer. I didn't turn down any opportunities to work as I wanted to earn all I could before the fall semester began. To protect my identity I wore a mask similar to what some wrestlers wore as I didn't want anyone to know who I was or how I earned my money. It might hurt my income potential some as my good looks were hidden but with my physique as well as my above average male endowment I did fine. Add the fact that I was young and my loads were large and many a lady squealed as I made a big mess on their face as we were cheered on by the crowd.

Of course I didn't tell my Mom what I was doing instead telling her I was working for a party promoter which was true as far as it went. She had been doing well at work and in fact she had just been promoted and had received a nice raise. This particular Friday evening I'd let her know that I'd be working which was fine as she might go out with some of the women she worked with and have a drink due to her promotion. That was a bit unusual as Mom wasn't much of a drinker and to be honest since her divorce Mom didn't go out much. I had tried to encourage her to socialize as she was still under forty and a very attractive lady but except for a few dates where someone had set her up she stayed home for the most part.

That night the club was hopping. The way it worked would be that only ladies were allowed in during the show and afterwards it was opened to allow men in after they paid a large cover charge. Then they had a chance to score with a horny, half drunken woman. Since I was still the rookie I would wind up in the least desirable location where there were generally fewer women. Up to this point I had yet to actually fuck a woman as part of the show. Like all strippers I'd had customers fondling and sucking me and most nights I came, usually on the face of a woman and I'd certainly gone home with more than one woman at the end of the night.

But somehow I'd yet to go all the way during a show. Part of it was my reluctance to do so and also maybe my persuasive skills hadn't developed as much as some of the other entertainers. The woman had to usually be really horny or slutty to be fucked in front of a crowd while no doubt her friends took pictures with their camera phones. Finally I have to mention that before every show I would masturbate to a small orgasm in order to prevent me from blowing too quickly while performing. For a young guy like me coming four times in a night wasn't the problem but if I came too fast during a show that would be one. And with multiple women jerking and sucking me and many of them wanting to be the one to make the stripper shoot his load before her friend could, it certainly helped to prevent premature ejaculation.

That night when I took the stage I was the last to do so. The other strippers were dispersed around entertaining the crowd. The club floor had a somewhat L-shaped floor plan with two stages - the main one in the large area and the smaller one located in the angle of the L. After being introduced as 'The Masked Marvel' I leaped on the smaller stage and danced for a minute as I removed my costume which consisted of a robe like a wrestler or boxer would wear and a pair of trunks that would rip away followed by me removing my matching thong leaving me with only my mask and boots on.

With the alternating dim and flashing lights and the music beating I jumped from the stage and started to roam the crowd, shaking my moneymaker in front of the ladies as I handled my package. Already a few bold women had slapped my ass or ran their fingers over my torso when a younger, bigger gal took my cock and started to stroke it. Immediately I started to harden and she then took it in her mouth and sucked it. She was very good at it and I was rock hard in no time but I had to break away as she seemed to be more than willing to continue until I came.

However I had to mingle with others as that was part of the job but one would always note where the eager ones were perhaps for a follow up visit later. I worked the small section of the L as that was my area for the night as the other three worked the larger section. Since I was the first to spend a lot of time there I didn't want for a hand or mouth to make me feel welcome when I headed to a table that was by the back wall. A bunch of the women were standing and beckoning me to join them so I proceeded over there and started by dirty dancing with a taller woman before giving a sitting woman a lap dance. When I stood she smacked me hard as I shimmied away.

Another woman grabbed me and led me to a brown haired woman sitting at the back of the table who had her face covered with her hands. Pushing my ass onto her lap I gyrated as her friends hooted and hollered. When I stood the woman sitting next to her grabbed my cock and pulled it to her mouth. Up and down she worked it and she made up for her mediocre technique with unbridled enthusiasm.

"Suck his cock, suck his cock" the women chanted. Mistakenly I assumed they were referring to the woman who right now had my hardness in her warm mouth but I was wrong. Another woman stood to the side of me and she reached out and took the hand of the woman whose lap I had just been on and guided it to the base of my thick engorged prick.

"Suck him, suck him" they chanted again to encourage the seemingly reluctant woman.

The lady sucking me released my saliva coated erection in deference to the other woman. When I was turning toward that woman a camera flash went off in front of my face and I saw spots but I still stroked my hardness a few times. The next thing I knew my head was swallowed and I felt a tongue swirl around the sensitive underside making me gasp with pleasure.

I struck a pose flexing my muscles as the ladies cheered. Meanwhile more of my cock was taken into the wet mouth as my head hit the entrance to her throat. When I looked down I received the biggest shock of my young life. There concentrating as if her life depended on it was my Mom sucking on my cock. My mind went blank for a moment as she continued to slide her lips back and forth over me until she reached out and took my shaved balls into her hand.

When she did I saw her turn her head up to look at me as she pulled her mouth off me and licked all around the head like an ice cream cone. Thankfully my mask prevented me from being recognized and she dutifully continued her attention. Next she ran her tongue down my full length until she reached my balls which she then licked.

All the women must have been from her job as they all were cheering her on with calls of "You go girl, suck it like you mean it", "Come on Patti, show us how the boss does it", "Make him shoot" and other such salacious comments.

My Mom was surprisingly good at fellatio and in fact if she was a stranger I think I would have cum as she lovingly worked her red lips along my turgid tool. Because she was my Mom I'd have preferred if I lost my erection but her skill thwarted that. After a while her jaw muscles must have tired and she released me as she caught her breath.

Sensing an opportunity to escape this unintentional incestuous interlude I turned hoping to put some distance between us but the group of women from the table had hemmed me in. A young woman around my age grabbed me around my cock and bent down and licked me before pulling her head up as she jerked me roughly. One of the older women there seized my arm firmly.

"Don't think that you're going anywhere stud. We're out in the boondocks here and we don't get much attention in this section. Our boss was promoted and she's going to get shown a good time especially since its been awhile for her and you have the nice big cock to do it."

Already a number of bills had been stuffed in the armbands I wore to accentuate my biceps when the older woman now grabbed my erection in a death grip and spun me around by yanking on it.

"Well Patti now is your chance so don't back out now. You agreed to it and you don't want to go back on your word in front of everybody, do you?"

My Mom had conflicting emotions showing on her face. She seemed a little tipsy to me and I could clearly see desire reflected there though it was tempered by her natural modesty. As I said my Mom was a very attractive woman with brown hair cut around shoulder length and sparkling green eyes which shone with lust at this moment but she always had dressed conservatively. In fact she had always worn a one piece bathing suit and never a bikini even though her body was better than girls who were half her age.

She now had on a button down white blouse but it was unbuttoned lower than usual for her and I could see the creamy tops of her medium sized breasts above the white lacy bra she had on. She was also wearing a knee length black skirt and black stockings.

"I don't know about this Donna" she said to the woman who held me tightly.

"Come on Patti, you gave your word but more importantly you haven't got any since your divorce you told me" she replied to my Mom.

My Mom looked mortified when she said that in front of everyone but it seemed to inspire her. She stood and pulled her skirt up over her wide hips to her waist revealing a black pair of silky bikini panties before she sat on the edge of the table.

"Eat her puss, eat her puss" all the women chanted in unison as Donna pulled me close to my Mom by my dick.

I wasn't sure if I could do this when I looked at her and saw my Mom's face was a mixture of vulnerability combined with naked passion. Somehow this hardened my resolve to bring her pleasure. As strange as it sounds I felt I owed her this for all the sacrifices she had made for me during my life.

Bending down I brought my mouth to her panty covered mound inspiring raucous cheers from the table. There was a damp spot in the center of her flower and I could smell her natural scent and it intoxicated me. For a minute I kissed and gently nibbled at her covered treasure before I reached my hands up and slipped my fingers under the waistband. With one swift motion I yanked them down revealing her womanhood in all its glory.

It's no exaggeration that it was the most beautiful pussy I had beheld in my nineteen years on this earth. Right at that moment it gleamed from her natural juices that seeped from her and the inner lips were swollen from desire. They were pale pink with a slightly darker pink inside them which was positively soaked from her arousal. She had obviously waxed recently as the only hair was a small triangle of curly, brown hair right above her vulva.

For only a moment I paused as I took in the beauty of her nether region before I buried my face at her womanly delta. My tongue ran the length of her upwards from the bottom of her plump lips until I reached her clit which I flicked making Mom moan. Next I pushed my tongue between her lips and worked it as deep as it could go spinning it as much as I could.

Her hand ran along the material of my mask as her co-worker Donna continued stroking me just enough to keep me from shrinking. All I was concerned with was eating this delicious pussy however. My mouth alternated kissing her lips, sucking her clit and licking all of her womanhood. She was making little sounds like a kitten now so I sucked her clit between my lips as I lashed it with my tongue.

After doing this for thirty seconds her body tensed and her legs clamped on my face as she began to shudder from her orgasm. Her delicious nectar I felt flow to my covered chin and soak my mask when Donna brought her mouth by my covered ear.

"You're doing great, now all you have to do is put this thick prick in her and give it to her good."

The reasoning part of my brain had shut down or at the least it was not functioning normally as I straightened up without thinking about what I was about to do. Donna positioned my bulbous head by the entrance to the paradise where I had originated. My head was shiny and slick from my pre-cum as I looked down at my Mom. Her eyes were half shut and she had a wanton expression on her beautiful face and I realized I had never desired a woman the way I wanted her at that moment and the consequences be damned.

Without conscious thought my hips drove forward pushing into her wet opening. She moaned as she bit her lower lip when my head forced its way inside. Mom was extremely tight as befitted a woman who had gone years since she was penetrated but my stiff cock wouldn't be denied. Her wet folds yielded to the steady force as I pushed deeper in her channel. Once I was halfway inside Mom I pulled back until only my head remained ensconced and after waiting a moment I reversed course again sliding deeper into her than before.

Mom's eyes were closed as I worked in and out of her ultra tight hole and I continued to stretch her out as my cock sank further with each thrust. Her pink flesh was like a velvet vice on my shaft and it yielded willingly as I plumbed her depths but when I would pull back it seemed to resist fiercely any retreat by my hard length. Putting my hands on her shoulders I guided her body back so her torso lay flat on the table and I was able to unbutton her blouse lower.

My fingers fumbled as they clumsily undid the buttons but eventually I succeeded in my task. My hungry hands pulled the lacy material of her cups downward freeing the soft flesh beneath. Mom had two small white globes topped with pink nipples and areolas which my hands covered and fondled lovingly. Her slim hands covered mine as she gasped with pleasure from the stimulation she was receiving. During this I had continued thrusting in and out of her flower even increasing the speed as she adjusted to my girth inside her.

Now I bent my knees a little which adjusted the angle of my thrusts slightly. Every time I drove forward my large head rubbed the top wall of her pussy channel stimulating her bundle of sensitive nerves there greatly. Mom was moaning continuously now as she was being pushed towards imminent release. Her long legs clamped around my waist and her hands reached out and I felt her nails dig into the skin of my forearms, marking the flesh in her throes of passion.

We stayed like that a moment, totally oblivious to everything around us as I enjoyed the feeling of her pussy muscles clenching on me during her climax. When she recovered somewhat she grabbed hold of my ass and in a low husky voice Mom demanded I continue.

"Don't stop yet baby, keep going. Fuck me some more with that big meat of yours until you cum and hopefully I can cum again too."

That was something I didn't need to hear twice. Again I moved my hips in the familiar rhythm of love but I now began to pound her sweet hole harder than before. Between all the fucking and her lubrication I was sliding all the way to the depths of her wet canal with each thrust now. When I first started I wasn't able to go balls deep but as she expanded to accommodate me it felt like my cock was being fully enclosed by a wet skintight glove that caressed my full length.

My thumb found her clit and rubbed it gently as I bottomed out with each forward motion of my body. Even as we were surrounded by cheering women and bass heavy music I managed to tune that out as my impending orgasm rapidly approached. When Mom's fingers clutched my active hand I knew she was close as well so I increased my speed. We came together and I filled her with the fruit of our labors. Shot after shot of my teenage spunk jetted its way in her vagina as my balls emptied into her welcoming pussy.

She pulled me to her and for the first time ever our lips met with passion. The flavor of the wine she had consumed I tasted on her sweet mouth as my last remaining cum flowed out. Reluctantly I broke our kiss and straightened up and as I did I slid from her pussy. Mom surprised me by slipping off the table and swallowing my head which was covered in our mingled fluids until it was clean. As soon as she released it the table burst into cheers and I saw we had attracted a large audience with our show.

With all the hubbub going on I managed to slip away and head to the tiny "backstage" area. The best I could do was wipe down with some moist towelettes before changing to my regular clothing. Telling Carlo I wasn't feeling well I got paid and slipped out the back door of the club and then I drove home. I was so confused by what had happened my hands actually shook on the wheel but I made it home with no problems.

Quickly I showered and put some sweats on but I also put on a long sleeved shirt due to marks on my forearms that my Mom had given me. After a couple of shots of vodka and half a joint I felt almost normal but I was undecided on what to do. The nights events replayed themselves in my mind again and again and I wrestled with the fact that I had just had sex with my Mom and that it was the best I'd ever had. But I knew it was wrong and couldn't happen again even though when I replayed it in my mind it aroused me greatly.

The best thing to do would be to go to bed and sleep on my predicament and hope the morning brought me new counsel when I heard a car door slam and voices out front. Within a minute the front door opened and my Mom came in. She was humming to herself as she entered and she seemed surprised to see me home already. I'd been about to go upstairs but she beckoned me over.

"I don't usually see you home this early during the weekend Jason. Come give your mother a kiss before you go to bed."

With mixed emotions I went and embraced my Mom while giving her a peck on the cheek. The scent of our earlier coupling I could still faintly detect on her along with the wine she had consumed.

"Jason do I smell liquor on your breath" she slurred before giggling. "Not that I should talk as I've drank more wine tonight then I ever remember doing. The girls wanted me to celebrate so for once I let myself go."

I know I shouldn't have but I couldn't help myself from replying.

"Did you have a good time Mom?" I asked.

That triggered a huge smile on her face as she considered my question.

"I really did baby. Maybe I should go out with the girls more often."

Any other response probably wouldn't have affected me like that one but it struck a nerve and I found myself speaking before I thought about it.

"It sounded like you were dropped off Mom."

"Yeah one of the girls drove me home as I'm a little tipsy."

"If you want me to drive you to get your car tomorrow then let me know" I told her.

"I don't want to trouble you Jason, you have things you probably want to do tomorrow."

"What could be more important then helping my Mom?"

"You are so sweet baby, how was I lucky enough to have such a wonderful young man for a son?"

Mom hugged me after saying that and she kind of lost her footing from her tipsy state but I easily held her. When I felt a growing reaction in my groin from her contact with me I quickly let her go and turned away before she could notice my arousal. Her hand touched me on my back.

"What is it? Is something wrong Jason? Please tell me, we've always been so close that I thought you could tell me anything."

"I'm not sure if I can say anything this time Mom but it'll be for your own good."

"I don't understand baby, please."

It would be easy to blame the vodka but either way it doesn't matter. Something in my head clicked as I walked to where my bag with my work clothes was. I removed an item and slipped it into my hand.

"Mom you better sit down if you want to hear this but I'm warning you that it'll be difficult."

She sat on the couch and I saw the worry on her face and I considered again what I was about to do but I couldn't stop myself for some reason. Sitting down next to her I couldn't even look her way as I placed the mask I'd been wearing earlier on the couch between us.

"Oh my God Jason. Are you saying... You can't mean that....Am I dreaming?"

"No Mom you're not dreaming but part of me wishes you were. That's the new job I have. I've made a lot more money doing it then I was making and I figured it wouldn't hurt anyone and no one knew who I was. But tonight before I realized it you were, well you know, and then it was like I was trapped and things just snowballed. I'm sorry Mom" I concluded.

She looked to be in shock as I got up and left her sitting there. Under the circumstances I didn't know what else to do. What does one normally do after informing ones mother that the two of you had sex earlier while you were a masked stripper? Once in my room I lay down but my mind was too confused to sleep. My thoughts swirled like a maelstrom in my mind with no hope of relief. Suddenly I felt the bed shift as my Mom sat next to me. When I looked I saw she had a glass in her hand half full of clear liquid and when she took a swallow she made a face. While she sat there neither of us said a word but she continued drinking it until the glass was empty. Finally she touched my arm and I looked her way.

"Jason let me say what I have to with no interruptions please. Things haven't been easy for me the last few years since your father left me. I doubted myself and I didn't want to get hurt again so I shut myself off for the most part from human contact. Tonight was the first time I've been with a man since then and I now find out that it was you. Part of me wants to cry but part of me wants to laugh at it all. I'm not sure why but I don't feel guilty about what happened even knowing it was you. Maybe because I'm drunk and I was so horny and I had such a good time earlier, I don't know. But right now what happened has happened. We can't go back and change it, we just have to decide what to do tomorrow. But I know this, that the night still isn't over so I'm going to do this."

Saying that she leaned over and kissed me flush on the mouth as her body rolled on top of mine. Instantly we were kissing madly as our tongues explored each others mouths. The heat from her body radiated from Mom as I pulled her close. My rapidly hardening erection pushed into her soft body. My hands unzipped her skirt and she raised herself up enough that I could roll it and her panties past her ample hips. She then kneeled as she unbuttoned and removed her blouse.

My fingers unclasped her brassiere and tossed it aside and then my mouth closed over a pink nipple as I sucked on it. Mom gasped and attempted to push more of her breast into my mouth as I lavished attention on her pink, hard nub. Her hand was rubbing along my leg and when she brushed her fingers against my bulge I shuddered with desire.

Mom moved off me and removed her skirt and panties leaving on her black stockings as I stripped down until I was naked. With no need of preliminaries I pushed her onto her back and knelt between her legs. Her hand had already grasped me and was guiding me to her waiting entrance. My hips thrust forward as soon as she was ready and in one long stroke I completely sank to my balls. Our lips found each other and her long legs locked around me as we made sweet incestuous love.

Whether it was ten minutes or a hundred years I couldn't say at the time but after I discharged into her pinkness I didn't slow at all but continued at a steady pace. Finally she whispered in my ear and I rolled us over in response to her words and she now set the pace as her beautiful and sexy body rode me for all we were worth. This way my mouth found and gave proper attention to her perky breasts while my hand again played her clit like a maestro.

Only after she reached her state of nirvana did I begin to piston my hips up from below as I raced to join her in bliss. It was Mom squeezing my thickness with her internal muscles that pushed me past the point of no return. My mouth again clamped on a hard nipple as I erupted like Mt. Vesuvius inside her and when I did her teeth bit my shoulder hard in response. We lay joined like that as I eventually shrank though I didn't pull out from her. The last thing I remembered before I slept was Mom stroking my cheek while murmuring.

"My sweet baby is all grown up now and he made Mommy so happy tonight."

The sun shining through my window woke me the next day and I lay in bed alone. My headache and crusty penis convinced me that it wasn't a dream and my Mom's clothes still scattered about proved it. I stumbled to the shower and did my best to not think as the hot water cascaded down my body. As I left the bathroom in my robe I heard Mom call.

"Jason breakfast is ready."

Well might as well see how thing were I thought to myself as I headed down and sat at the kitchen table. My Mom placed a cup of coffee in front of me then laid her hand on my shoulder. My eyes gazed into her emerald ones as I tried to figure out what she was thinking.

"Penny for your thoughts honey" she said to me. I swallowed before replying.

"Mom" I began "maybe if we could go back in time it would be a good thing but we can't. The way I see it we have two choices."

"Go on" Mom replied softly.

"One that you are so disgusted with me and what I did that you want me out as soon as possible and I understand if you do."

She made no response and had her face turned away so I continued.

"Two that we'll do our best to put this behind us and I'll try to forget that my Mom, the person who I love the most in the world, the woman who was always there for me is also the hottest and sexiest woman I know as well. I'll try to be a good son to you and if I'm thinking impure thoughts of you and I can't control them then I guess I'll move back to option one."

There was a period of silence after I spoke and Mom didn't move or speak. Finally when the tension was about to drive me insane she turned and looked into my eyes.

"You're young Jason so you can be forgiven for only presenting two choices but personally I reject them and propose another. Right now I have two life insurance policies on myself with you the beneficiary. I'm going to cash one in so it can pay your tuition. That way you won't have to strip for horny, desperate women."

She held her hand up for silence before I could interrupt her then continued.

"After you graduate we could move from here to another city or state where no one knows us and people wouldn't worry so much about our relationship."

At that moment Mom opened my robe before sitting on my lap while reaching down and taking me in hand.

"That is if you don't mind living with this old lady who loves you and now desires you so much that no other man could compete. I tell you this Jason, no other woman will love you or satisfy you the way your mother will. What do you say?"

For an answer I kissed her hard as my hands pulled her closer.
