Coming Into His Own Ch. 01
byPhantomOp©

AUTHOR'S NOTE: Tom Crawford inherits a ring from his grandfather on his 21st birthday.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality.

Permission to distribute this work is granted provided that it is redistributed in its unaltered entirety, no fee is charged, and proper attribution is given as to author and original location of posting. Failure to comply with any or all of the requirements constitutes copyright infringement.

*

"Hey, sleepyhead, wake up! Are you really going to sleep through your birthday?" Tom groaned at the overly cheerful sound of his mother's voice. Birthdays were always a little bittersweet to him, since his father had died on his sixth birthday. The insurance settlement from the railroad made life financially comfortable for Tom and his mother, but nothing could remove the sadness that he came to associate with his birthday.

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK

"Jesus, Mom, can't a guy sleep in once in a while?" Tom grumbled. By now, Tom knew that there was no way he was getting back to sleep, so he grudgingly started to get up as the door swung open. Thank God he has worn his boxers to bed -- it would have been awkward to start his morning having his mother walk in on him nude and sporting morning wood.

Julie Crawford entered her son's room, carrying a package that had arrived in the mail for him yesterday. She was curious about its contents, as the small box seemed to be much heavier than its size would suggest. "Well, aren't you going to open it?" she asked her son as he sat there, still in the process of waking himself up completely.

"OK, Mom, just give me a second to go to the bathroom first, will ya?" he yawned. Tom sounded a bit surly, but he really couldn't be mad at his mother. She had always been the sunny center of his world, with an easy smile and a kind word for every one she met.

Tom washed his hands and face, looking at his reflection in the mirror. At 6'3", he was taller than most of his friends, with dark brown hair and ice blue eyes. He never really thought of himself as being good looking, but he was clearly a very handsome young man. He pulled a t-shirt from the shelf in the bathroom, pulled it on over his muscular frame, and returned to find his mother waiting, somewhat impatiently, for his return. Tom assumed that the package had something to do with his trust fund, but the postmark was from the U.K., and the handwriting on the address label looked far too ornate to be a package from any law office.

As he opened the package, he heard a faint humming noise growing. Tom assumed that it was his mother, trying to build the suspense as she waited, but when he looked at her, he noticed that she was sitting with her hands folded in her lap, a blank expression on her face. This struck Tom as strange, since she had just been pestering him to open the package.

The package contained a small jewelry box, a packet of papers, and a letter written on vellum in the same ornate script as was found on the label.

"My Dearest Thomas,

Allow me to wish you all the best on your twenty-first birthday. As the solicitor entrusted with handling your late grandfather's estate, I have awaited this day for some time. Enclosed you will find a ring that belonged to Ethan Crawford, your grandfather. That, and the portfolio of his business dealings, is now bequeathed to you, as you have reached the age prescribed by him for the transference of his assets.

Your grandfather had two requests regarding your inheritance. First, that you wear the ring always. Second, that you do me the honour of coming to London, where we might have a proper reckoning of your accounts.

I have taken the liberty of purchasing a round-trip ticket, first class, for Monday the 7th of May. This ticket is open-ended, so if the date I selected is not feasible, you can easily change it as you need.

Until we meet I remain,

Your Humble Servant,

Alexander Wallis Browne III

MD, Browne, Holt, Banks and Simmons"

Tom stared at the letter, stunned. He knew that his grandfather had moved to London after his father's death, but other than the yearly cards at Christmas and on his birthday, Tom had not had much contact. Tom toyed with the letter for a bit, then set it down and opened the jewelry box. The ring was gold, heavy, and bore the Crawford family crest on it, with the motto Fortes fortuna iuvat. After examining the ring for any engravings, Tom slipped it on the middle finger of his left hand, the only finger it would fit properly.

"Well, aren't you going to -- oh, you've opened it already!"

Tom was startled by his mother's sudden return to her normally animated self. He was also a bit surprised that she did not seem at all curious about the ring, considering that she was usually a very inquisitive sort of person.

"What did you get in the package, Tommy?" Tom groaned inwardly at the nickname, thinking "I wish she would just call me Tom, or Thomas, even. I liked the sound of 'Thomas' in the letter that came with the ring." As he was thinking this, the packet of papers fell from his lap to the floor. Julie leaned over to pick them up, glancing at the outside as she handed the packet back. "Oh, Thomas, that's wonderful! A first class ticket to London! I know you have said you always wanted to see Europe, and this might be a great place to start."

Tom went from being aggravated at the nickname, to being completely floored by his mother calling him Thomas. Was that just a coincidence? It must have been, I didn't say anything out loud. he wondered. "Yeah, I guess someone other than you thinks I should get out and see the world," said Tom as he browsed through the packet of papers. "Wow, there's also a reservation at Dukes Hotel -- this should be an amazing trip!" The balance of the packet was an envelope sealed with wax, imprinted with the same crest that graced the ring he wore.

Tom had a sudden flash of curiosity -- Did this ring make the imprint on the sealing wax? -- and decided to test his theory by pressing the ring to the wax. The instant the ring made contact with the seal, the humming sound grew even louder in his ears, and a tingle went up his spine and through his scalp. "OK, that was extremely strange...." Tom muttered under his breath before noticing that his mother once again was sitting quietly, the same blank expression on her face as earlier.

"Hellooooo, Earth to Mom!" Tom waved his hand in front of her eyes, snapped his fingers by her ear, and even shook her by the shoulder. Nothing he did elicited a response. Only her steady breathing and an occasional blink of her eyes gave evidence of her being alive. Everything else about Julie Crawford had the appearance of suspended animation, or becoming a living statue.

Tom's panic level was escalating rapidly, so it was something of a minor miracle that he noticed the writing on the front of the wax-sealed envelope -- IN CASE OF EXTREME ANXIETY OPEN THIS ENVELOPE. Breaking the seal and withdrawing the folded sheet, Tom became aware of the tremor in his hands, and thought, I'd say this meets the criteria for extreme fucking anxiety! The single sheet in the envelope was of the same high quality vellum as the letter from the lawyer. Tom managed to still his hands long enough to read the few lines typed on the page:

Thomas,

You are not experiencing a psychotic break with reality. Those around you have been "put on hold", in a manner of speaking, so that I can communicate with you in privacy. I am sure that you have now concluded that the ring you wear is no ordinary bit of jewelry. Please follow the solicitor's directions and wear it always. It will never cause you harm, and may in fact save you from grief in the future.

I cannot say more about the ring's properties now. All will be made clear when you travel to London, though I suspect a young man as bright as you will learn a few tidbits before then. I wish I had been able to deliver the ring to you personally, but the fact that you are reading this letter says that things did not go as planned. Always remember that I love you, dear boy.

Grandpa Ethan

Tom reread the letter, trying to make sense of all that it said. After a third reading, he felt like he had a tenuous grasp on some of what the letter hinted, but still found it hard to believe. After all, weren't magic rings things that only appeared in fantasy stories? Still, Tom could not offer any better explanation for the changes in his mother's behavior. "I guess I better put all of this away and get ready for class," Tom said softly as he stood up and placed everything back into the package.

"Dukes Hotel, isn't that one of the top hotels in London? Sounds like you will have a fantastic time." Tom was again surprised at his mother's resumed conversation, with no apparent awareness that more than fifteen minutes had passed since she last spoke. "Well, Thomas, you had best get ready for class. Breakfast will be on the table by the time you finish showering and dressing." "OK, Mom," he said as he headed back into the bathroom.

Tom turned the hot water on full strength, holding his hand under the stream to gauge the temperature. When it was warm enough, he stripped off his boxers and stepped in, quickly washing and rinsing his body, then shampooing his hair. As he stood under the scalding flow of water, Tom's mind raced in circles over the package and the letter from his grandfather. So the ring is not ordinary -- just how "not ordinary" is it? he thought. Tom continued to ponder what was happening to his mother until he noticed that the water was running cold. He got out of the shower, turned off the water, dried, shaved, brushed his hair, and got dressed in short order.

Bounding down the stairs, Tom came to a quick stop as he realized that his car was on empty, and that he had no time to stop for gas if he wanted to be on time for his first class. "Shit! I wish I had thought about that last night, instead of hurrying home to catch the basketball game on pay-per-view," he exclaimed to himself. Tom made his way to the kitchen, where his mother had a cup of coffee and a plate of bacon and eggs ready for him. Julie looked up from the stove to smile at her son and said "Thomas, why don't you take my car today? I think I will have your car detailed for you, and perhaps get that new stereo installed as well."

Tom paused with his fork half way to his mouth. His mother had always been very kind and generous, but one thing she had never allowed him to do was drive her Mercedes. It wasn't a new car, but it was always well maintained. Tom figured the reason his mother never let him drive the car before was that it had been his father's luxury car, and it held emotional symbolism for her. "Mom, when did you decide to get my car detailed?" he asked, almost afraid to hear her answer. "Well, honey, I had been thinking about giving you a gift certificate to take it to Platinum Auto Care, but as you were coming down the stairs I thought that it might be nicer for you if I just took it there myself."

This was almost more than Tom could mentally absorb. I thought about her calling me Tommy, and she changed. I thought about being out of gas, and she offered me the use of her car. It seems like there is a pattern here. Let's see if I am right. Tom imagined how scratchy the lace collar on his mother's blouse looked, and sat dumfounded as she brought her hand up to her throat, adjusted the collar, and lightly rubbed at her neck. "I never really understood what the big deal was about all these frills on clothing, they may look pretty, but they are awfully itchy. I'm going to go upstairs and change my blouse. Thomas, the keys to the Mercedes are on the counter." With that, Julie turned off the stove, walked over to the table and kissed her son on the cheek, and headed up the stairs, a "Happy Birthday, Thomas" floating back down to him.

Having achieved full freak-out status in the last thirty seconds, Tom decided he'd better get the hell out of there and get to school. "Maybe I'm just imagining this, maybe not, but I can't stay any longer," he said to himself. Grabbing the car keys, he quickly left before his mother came back downstairs, got in the car, and began driving to Weiss Hall. Tom knew that if he arrived late for his class with Dr. Portillo, there would be hell to pay. Dr. Gary Portillo, co-chair of the university's psychology program, was a fair but strict educator. He tolerated no tardiness to class, and had in fact been known to assign late students to test subject positions for his Direct Application of Behavioral Principles course. Tom chuckled to himself as he recalled how Sheri Thorpe, one of his fellow undergrads, had to re-enact the classic "mouse in a maze" experiment, with Sheri playing the role of the mouse.

Traffic was relatively light, so Tom was able to make it to the university in less than half an hour. He parked, locked the car, and ran to get to his class on time, arriving five minutes early. Taking his seat, he saw that upon the blackboard Dr. Portillo had written IN CLASS ESSAY TO BE GIVEN TODAY. While Tom was an above average student, earning a 3.80 GPA and many commendations from his instructors, essay writing had to be his least favorite academic task. The fact that it was a timed essay made matters worse.

Promptly at 8:00 am, Dr. Portillo entered the classroom as stepped up to the lectern. "Class, before we begin, are there any brief questions about the subject material we covered last week?" Dr. Portillo looked across the sea of faces gazing back at him, not expecting any questions to be presented. "Dr. Portillo?" Tom said as he raised his hand, "We don't really need to do the in class essay today, do we?" The silence in the classroom was palpable. None of the other students would have ever dared to ask that question, even though that very thought was foremost in their minds. In for a penny, in for a pound. I'll either learn something about this ring, or I will be the next victim in one of Doc Portillo's class experiments.

Dr. Portillo looked at Tom thoughtfully for a moment, and then said, "No, I suppose the essay isn't really necessary. Since that was all I had planned for today's class, I will dismiss you early. Those of you that scored below 80% on the last quiz would be wise to use this free time to study the relevant material in your textbook, How To Think Like A Behavior Analyst." The room filled with the sounds of students gathering books and belongings, the scraping of chairs against the floor, and low conversation among the students.

"I can't believe it! Doc P never lets an in class essay slide!"

"I thought he was gonna have a stroke when Tom asked him about the essay."

"When did Tom grow such a big set? He's a nice guy and all, but I never would have expected him to stick his neck out like that."

"Isn't Dr. P his faculty advisor? Man, I bet that's going to be one interesting discussion the next time Tom sees him."

Tom heard his classmates talking, but none of it actually sank in. I can't believe that actually happened! he thought. The implications of his interaction with Dr. Portillo were truly boggling to Tom. If he could sway people's choices this easily, he could do nearly anything he wanted. Thoughts of business successes, political office, wealth, and sexual conquest all flashed through his mind. On the heels of those thoughts came another, more sobering thought. Just because I can do it, doesn't mean I should.

The rest of Tom's day went fairly uneventfully, and he had almost forgotten about the ring and the incidents that happened, until he bumped into Sheri Thorpe on his way out of his last class. Sheri was a statuesque girl with honey blonde hair that fell to below her shoulders. Tom had flirted with Sheri for over a year, but had never made the move to date her. She was a pretty girl, with a sweet smile and an outgoing, welcoming personality. The first time that Tom saw her as more than just a classmate was the day she did the "mouse in a maze" experiment.

Sheri was a good sport about her punishment, feeling that it was fair since she had been late. Unlike other students that had to run this maze, Sheri chose to traverse it at mouse's level, moving about the maze on her hands and knees. Tom could not tear his gaze away from her, especially when her short skirt rode up on her hips and exposed the tiny lace thong she was wearing. Of course, all the male observers, including Tom, were a bit disappointed when Dr. Portillo ended the experiment early. Sheri had been mortified when Dr. Portillo took her aside and explained why he cut the experiment short. Tom has never teased her about it, but he often thought about the look of her stunning ass as she crawled about the maze.

"Hey, Tom! Wow that was some trick you managed in Doc P's class today!" Sheri smiled as she looked up at him. "I wish I could thank you enough for that. I was so unprepared for an essay, I'm afraid I would have really blown my grade," she continued.

I can think of a way that you could properly thank me for it... Tom thought lustfully. As Sheri continued to talk about how she needed a good grade to keep her scholarship intact, Tom noticed her face becoming flushed.

Sheri took him by the hand, saying, "Well, maybe there is some way I can thank you for getting us out of the essay." She led Tom to one of the labs that was unused at this time of day, pulled him inside, and shut the door. "I don't know why I didn't think of this sooner," Sheri said softly, as she began to unbutton her blouse and shrug out of it. "Tom, why haven't you ever asked me out? Do you think I'm not pretty enough?" she said as she unclasped her bra, releasing her ample breasts, the areolas crinkling in the cool air and the nipples stiffening.

Tom could only stand there in mute amazement as Sheri began to move towards him. He had fantasized about Sheri, but this went beyond anything he had imagined. "Oooooh, it looks like somebody likes what he sees," she cooed as she cupped the bulge in his crotch, her slender fingers tracing the outline of his cock through his pants. "Is this for me?" Sheri said huskily.

Tom tried to think this through clearly, a difficult proposition as all the blood that should be powering his brain was currently headed south of his belt. "Are you sure you want to do thi-UHHHNNNNNNNNNN..." Tom tried to say more, but his capacity for speech was derailed by Sheri's unzipping his fly, pulling out his cock, and engulfing it with her warm, wet mouth.

Tom grabbed Sheri, one hand entwined in her hair. Sheri let out a surprised "UHHH" that was quickly muffled by his cock sliding into her mouth, the head bumping the back of her throat. Sheri's eyes opened wide as her sounds became a moan of enjoyment. She started sucking him greedily, making sure to get Tom's dick as wet as possible, to make it easier to take it into her throat. Both of his hands were in Sheri's hair now, as he began fucking her face. Tom let out a small moan, which only served to fuel Sheri's passionate cocksucking.

As she got into the rhythm of sucking Tom's cock, each stroke became deeper and deeper, until his pubic hair tickled her nose. With Tom's hands pulling on her hair, Sheri's left hand moved to his hips, guiding him as he fucked her mouth in long, deep strokes. Her right hand had slipped between her thighs, fingers pushing aside the thong she was wearing, so that she could finger her cunt in time to the face fucking Tom was giving her.

Before long, Sheri felt the throbbing that could only mean Tom was going to cum. He tightened his grip on her hair, as Sheri took a deep breath before pulling his hips forward, impaling her mouth and throat with his cock. Tom grunted out, "Oh fuck, I'm CUMMING!" at the same time that he tightened his fists in her hair. As he filled Sheri's throat up with his hot cum, her own orgasm washed over her, causing her to moan around his cock, driving him further along. Spent, Tom uncurled his fingers from Sheri's hair and looked down at her shining eyes as his cock slipped out of her mouth. What the FUCK just happened? Is she going to file rape charges against me? he thought. Sheri sat back on her heels, swallowing this cum, and then smiled up at him seductively as she said, "I hope that's a good enough thank you."

Tom could only say, "Uh, yeah, Sheri, that was the BEST thank you anyone has ever given me!" Now that he was recovering from his orgasm, Tom had to wonder about this newest turn of events. The words of Lord Acton weighed heavily on his mind, "Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men." Tom knew that he was no saint, but he also knew that he was not a bad person. Still, he couldn't help but feel that the only reason Sheri acted like a cock sucking bimbo was because he took advantage of her through his thoughts and the ring.

Coming Into His Own Ch. 02
byPhantomOp©

AUTHOR'S NOTE: Tom Crawford inherits a ring from his grandfather on his 21st birthday.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality.

Permission to distribute this work is granted provided that it is redistributed in its unaltered entirety, no fee is charged, and proper attribution is given as to author and original location of posting. Failure to comply with any or all of the requirements constitutes copyright infringement.

*

Many thanks to Lxndr for his input on this chapter's direction, as well as all the constructive criticism from everyone.

Tom got in the Mercedes and started it up, leaving Weiss Hall in a hurry before anything else unusual could happen. Between his mom's zoning out, her calling him Thomas, the offer to use her Mercedes, Dr. Portillo's change of heart on the essay, and Sheri's way of thanking him for getting the essay dropped, he was officially freaked out.

As Tom pulled into the driveway, he saw that his car was gone. "At least I have a little time to myself before Mom returns," he said softly. Tom grabbed the mail from the mailbox, walked inside the house, and headed to his room to check Google for a few things that he became curious about due to the day's events. His first search was on the phrase FORTES FORTUNA IUVAT. Google provided 'Fortune favors the strong' as the translation from Latin to English. Interesting.

Tom then searched on 'mind control rings', 'mental powers', 'Browne, Holt, Banks and Simmons', and 'signs of mental instability on 21st birthday'. Of the searches he performed, only the search on the UK law firm had any useful information. Browne, Holt, Banks and Simmons was a well-respected firm, founded in the 19th century, and specializing in business law, estate law, international law, and negotiation and conflict resolution. According to what scant records Tom was able to find online, the firm had a small client list. Those clients typically had been with the firm for generations. Tom read with interest the web page describing the founding of the firm, which made mention of the initial client families. The Crawford family name was among the names on that short list of charter clients.

"OK, nothing useful online about this ring," Tom thought. "Let's try experimenting some more, and see if it has any other strange abilities." Tom tried removing the ring, but as he began to slide it off his middle finger, a pulsing and throbbing pain in his head appeared, followed by his vision becoming blurry and the sound of the grandfather clock ticking in the hallway becoming deafeningly loud. As soon as Tom grabbed the sides of his head in pain, the agony vanished. Tom tried once more, and the same excruciating pain returned, but once he stopped trying to remove the ring, the pain was again gone.

"So much for taking this thing off! Looks like I am stuck with this for now," Tom grumbled to himself. He got out a notepad and jotted down some notes about his experiment. "Removing ring -- instant onset migraine. Let's not try that again." Tom looked at the page, then wrote down several more items: "Thinking about Mom not calling me Tommy -- immediate behavior change. Asking Dr. Portillo if we can skip the essay -- immediate behavior change. Thinking about Sheri 'thanking' me -- immediate behavior change." The last item really bothered Tom as he considered it. He had never really intended for Sheri to give him a blowjob Are you sure about that, Thomas? You certainly didn't try very hard to stop her. In fact, you seemed to be pretty into the whole thing, with your fingers curled in her hair as you face-fucked her.

Thomas (as he was beginning to think of himself now) could not seem to escape the words of Lord Acton, words that sounded more like an accusation than a statement, "Power corrupts...." Thomas sat introspectively for a while, wondering if this gift from his grandfather was really a curse. "I'm not a bad person!" Thomas shouted, though the words seemed hollow to his ears. Sure, Thomas, you're not a bad person. You are just a guy who wanted to have a little no-strings sex. There is nothing wrong with that, right? Even though the poor girl could not really consent to what you did. That's not evil, that's just a little on the sneaky side. I mean, it's not like you thought about your mother stripping off her blouse and bra for you this morning, so that has to count for something positive...

So deep in thought was Thomas that he did not hear his mom, until she crossed over to his desk and placed her hand on his shoulder. "Thomas, are you all right? I have been calling your name for three minutes." He started at his mother's touch, and turned to look at her. "I'm sorry mom, I was just OHMYGOD Mom! What the hell are you doing?" Julie Crawford was standing next to her son, a look of concern on her face as he jumped up from his chair and backed away from her. "Mom, why the hell are you standing there topless?" Maybe because you were just thinking about her being topless, Thomas. You see, everyone has a little evil in them.

Julie looked down at her full breasts, apparently unaffected by her son's outburst. "I don't understand, Thomas. You have never complained before today about my getting comfortable at home. May is such a humid month, and you know how I hate to feel sticky." Thomas' mind was racing -- what does she mean, I never complained before? She's never done THIS before! Am I so sick that I made my mother strip half-naked just for my own jollies? No way, I need to try to fix this. But what am I going to do, think her clothes back on? -- but he couldn't really come up with a good solution.

"Mom, why don't you just put your blouse back on, and forget about having come in here. I'll see you downstairs in a couple of minutes." God, I hope this works! Thomas stood there amazed as his mother blinked her eyes a couple of times, then turned and left his room, pulling her blouse back on and fastening it as she headed down to the kitchen.

Unsure as to how he managed to achieve that, Thomas slumped back down in his chair. If this was what his life was going to be like from now on, Thomas knew he would have to carefully consider his thoughts and actions. "I have got to watch what I think. I hope that lawyer in London has some more information from Grandpa Ethan that can help me figure out what is going on. Maybe there will even be some instructions on how to control the way I affect people. I don't want to end up crazy, or living like a hermit in order to stop making things happen to other people. I really wish this ring had an 'off' switch!"

Thomas looked at the clock on his computer, and discovered he had been sitting there for about twenty minutes after his mother left. Dreading what he would find, Thomas got up and headed down to the kitchen. His mother stood at the counter, checking the messages on the answering machine. Thomas was grateful that she has put her blouse back on, but her nipples prominently poking through the thin fabric of her top told him that she hadn't put on a bra.

"Hi, sweetie, when did you get here?" Julie asked as she looked up from the note she was jotting. "I didn't hear you come in. We have reservations for dinner at Morton's to celebrate. I got 6pm reservations, since I figured you would want to go out with your friends and have a good time afterwards."

"OK, Mom, let me just get showered and changed, and I will be ready to go." Thomas headed back upstairs, thinking I hope Mom changes, and remembers to put a bra on. Dinner would be a bit difficult to handle if I had to stare at her high-beams all night! After a quick shower, Thomas put on a nice suit and tie, making sure he is dressed appropriately for a five-star restaurant. Satisfied with the outcome, he headed back downstairs to wait for his mother.

Julie Crawford came down the stairs about fifteen minutes later, wearing an elegant Murad dress. Thomas was in awe when he saw how beautiful his mother looked. A strapless floor length evening gown in gold lame with sheer panels, the dress was gorgeous, but it paled in comparison to his mother's beauty. A simple pearl necklace and earrings completed her outfit, and Thomas had no doubt that every man in Morton's would be watching her as they entered.

Traffic was light on the way to the restaurant, and they arrived just prior to their reservation. The maître d' seated Thomas and his mother, and then called their server over to take the drink order. After he placed his order for a glass of wine, Thomas looked around the restaurant. To his dismay, the place was nearly full, with a number of attractive women to stir his imagination.

Ohshitohshitohshit! What the hell am I going to do if my imagination starts making things happen in here? This is SO not good! Thomas did his best to keep a tight lid on his thoughts. At first, it was easy; his mother was a good conversationalist, and had many entertaining stories about her day at work. However, by the time the salad arrived, Thomas was having trouble. He tried thinking about college assignments, he tried using meditational techniques, he even tried using "I am not a bad person" as a mantra, repeating that one idea over and over in his head.

When Thomas heard his server say, "Sir, may I clear that away for you?" he looked up and saw a beautiful young woman standing there, 'Angelica' embroidered on her uniform. As Thomas looked at Angelica, he began to envision her nude, cupping her breasts and playing with her nipples. He watched in horror as Angelica set down the dishes she was clearing and began unbuttoning her server's coat. Thomas's panicked thinking went into overdrive: She's gonna get fired for this! What will Mom say about this girl stripping right here? I can't believe this is happening again! Man, are those some perfectly shaped breasts -- STOP IT, that's what got this started in the first place!

Thomas expected his mother to be upset with Angelica's display, but to his surprise, Julie didn't act as if anything was wrong. Maybe because I already convinced her that it was OK to parade around topless. At least Mom isn't giving a repeat show! Her breasts weren't bad to look at, if you put aside the whole "That's my mother" thing. I'm sure she compares favorably to the women at the next table... Before he could stop his current line of thinking, Thomas realized that not only had his mother taken her full breasts out of the top of her dress, but so had the women at the next table. ohmygod, I am going to Hell for this!

The restaurant had gone completely silent as the patrons looked at the two women sitting near Thomas and his mother. They were nonchalantly cupping their breasts, playing with their nipples, and comparing sizes with each other. Some of the customers started murmuring as the maître d' approached the ladies' table.

"I beg your pardon ladies, but your open display of your assets, while quite enjoyable to a number of the patrons, is entirely inappropriate for an establishment such as Morton's. I'm afraid that I am going to have to ask you to leave." The maître d' stood next to their table, trying to maintain a professional demeanor, although it was apparent he was one of the ones that were very much enjoying the view.

Thomas grew concerned about what would happen when the maître d' came to his table, especially since Angelica was now sitting on his lap and trying to get him to suck her nipples. Perhaps I can think my way out of this. While I am enjoying Angelica's charms, I would hate see her fired because of my thoughts. Angelica, calmly get up out of my lap, put your clothes back in order, and forget about everything you have done after you asked to clear my dishes away.

Angelica, stood up, straightened her clothing and buttoned her top, then asked Thomas again, "May I clear that away for you, sir?" Relief washed over Thomas' face as he motioned for the young woman to take his dishes.

All right, that's one problem down. Mom, put yourself back together, and ignore the ladies at the next table. If the maître d' comes to our table, let me handle everything. Once again, Thomas was able to relax as he saw Julie fix her gown and return to picking at her salad. So far, so good. I might be able to get through this mess without having caused any major damage.

Thomas looked up as Emil, the maître d', walked over to his table. "Sir, I couldn't help but notice that your server was acting a bit unusually. Was there a problem here?"

"Emil, absolutely nothing out of the ordinary happened in the restaurant tonight. You did not see anything inappropriate, and Angelica has been a wonderful server. In fact, if you would be so kind as to give her something for me after my mother and I leave, I would appreciate it," Thomas said with as much of a straight face as he could manage. Talk about the old Jedi Mind Trick!

Emil took the business card from Thomas. "Very good sir. I am glad to hear that you are pleased with the service here at Morton's. If there is anything else that we can do, please let us know." With that, Emil left.

Now the only thing left to do is make everyone else forget that they saw my mom topless, and it'll all be good. Thomas began to concentrate very hard on sending out his thoughts to everyone on the restaurant, encouraging them to ignore what happened with his mother. The harder he concentrated, the more his head began to throb, and the sounds around him grew painfully loud. Even the soft lighting was too bright and harsh for him. Thomas gritted his teeth against the pain, determined to fix things so his mother would never be embarrassed by her partial public nudity.

Finally, Thomas reached the limit of what he could handle, and had to stop sending his thoughts out. It didn't seem to make a difference, anyways. He could still hear people murmuring, and caught the occasional disapproving glance from other diners. Well, at least I know I don't have absolute power with whatever this ring has done, Thomas thought before he had to close his eyes for a while against the migraine.

"Son, are you feeling all right? Perhaps we should leave. You look like you're in pain." Julie gazed with equal parts love and concern at Thomas, not liking to see him distressed. "I think you need to take a break from your classes for a while. You're very smart, but all this late night studying is wearing you down. In fact, I think that you should use that ticket to London. Take a week or two, unwind, and come back refreshed."

"That's not a bad idea, Mom. I'll go to the bank in the morning to get my passport and see the trustee about the papers for my money so I can take some cash with me. Do you want me to bring you back anything special?"

Julie smiled at her son's thoughtfulness. "Perhaps you can find a nice tea set there, Thomas. My grandmother had one, and I always loved the simple elegance it represented. It always made me feel like a princess, even though my parents struggled to make ends meet."

"I will be sure to find you the perfect tea set for a princess, then!"

Thomas' headache had still not gone away, so it was easy for Julie to convince him to leave and go home. Just before they reached the entrance, Thomas felt a tap on his shoulder. Turning around, he was startled to come face-to-face with Angelica. Apparently, Emil hadn't waited until after they left to give her the card with his name and number on it.

"Thomas? Emil gave me your card. I'm sorry that you aren't feeling well. I was looking forward to bringing your birthday cake out after dinner. So when Emil handed me your number, I was happily surprised. You're a cute guy, and I would have enjoyed singing 'Happy Birthday' to you. Maybe we can get together later if you're interested. You are interested, right? I'm not making a big fool of myself, am I?" Angelica chewed her lip nervously as she looked into his eyes.

"Yes, I would love to do something later. Have you ever done something totally impulsive Angelica? How would you like to go to London with me? I've got to take a trip there to meet some lawyer, and I think it would be fun to have a pretty girl like you for company, instead of having to spend all my time dealing with boring legal shit." Thomas could barely believe his own words. He was not normally so spontaneous, but this just seemed like a good idea.

"Wow, are you serious? I have always wanted to go to London! Let me just tell Emil that I'm taking some time off -- ummm, how long am I taking off?"

Coming Into His Own Ch. 03
byPhantomOp©

AUTHOR'S NOTE: Thomas takes Angelica to London

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality.

Permission to distribute this work is granted provided that it is redistributed in its unaltered entirety, no fee is charged, and proper attribution is given as to author and original location of posting. Failure to comply with any or all of the requirements constitutes copyright infringement.

Coming Into His Own, Chapter 3

Copyright © 2012 by PhantomOp

Many thanks to everyone that has given constructive criticism as well as those who have offered words of encouragement.

*

Thomas walked out of the bank's safety deposit area, passport in hand, and asked the banker, "Is there anything else that I should handle before taking this London trip?" Mary Cowen, the bank vice president, assured him that with his credit card, passport, and traveler's cheques, he should be in excellent shape financially. Thomas thanked Ms. Cowen for her assistance, and then left for his appointment with the trustee.

After a short drive, and a ride up the elevator, Thomas found himself in the ornate lobby of Carnahan, Grayson, and Townsend. The receptionist smiled as she saw him approaching her desk. "Hi, Thomas! It's good to see you again. Mr. Carnahan is just finishing his conference call, and will be right with you."

James Carnahan, "Big Jim" to his friends and closest clients, had been the attorney that handled the wrongful death settlement against the railroad in the accident that claimed Jonathan Crawford's life. Julie naturally thought of Big Jim when she needed a trustee for her late husband's estate. He had been kind, considerate, and supportive through what could have been a painful ordeal.

"Thomas, good to see you, son! I hear you're taking a trip to England."

Thomas smiled as he stood up and shook his trustee's hand. Very few people were physically imposing to him, but Big Jim made Thomas feel like a small child. Rumor had it that James Carnahan had been a top contender for a first round draft pick in the NFL, until the game against Alabama where he sustained a career-ending knee injury. Carnahan brought the same focus and determination to win to his legal career, earning himself grudging respect from his opponents, many of whom called him "that big bastard" -- but never to his face.

"Mr. Carnahan, --"

"Thomas, please, we've been over this before. My father was Mr. Carnahan."

"OK, Big Jim, I didn't want to seem disrespectful. Mom tells me that you have a stack of papers for me to sign, and some instructions on how to handle my accounts."

Carnahan gestured towards his office. "Why don't you come with me, and we'll go over everything so you can be sure that I have earned my keep." Thomas followed the lawyer to his corner office, taking a seat in one of the chairs in front of a desk that would dwarf most people, but looked like it fit Big Jim perfectly.

Carnahan opened his desk drawer and extracted a thick file, placing it on his desk. For the next hour, the two men went over figures, the lawyer explaining to Thomas how his accounts were structured, what investments had been made on his behalf, and where the net worth of his fund currently stood. Thomas had no idea that his financial state was as good as it was. Sure, he knew there was a trust fund that had been set up for his benefit, but as Big Jim went over the details, Thomas was floored.

"So, Thomas, we took the initial amount and divided it into five different investments: investments tied to the prime rate, gold, and stocks in Pfizer, Apple, and Google. In addition to the initial gold investment, your mother made a purchase every year on your birthday. The result of all this financial wizardry is that your initial investment of five million dollars has grown to $27,768,416.80 as of close of trading yesterday." Carnahan laughed as he saw the expression on Thomas' face.

"What's wrong, son, didn't you know you were rich?"

"Wow, Big Jim, how can I ever repay you for this?"

Carnahan smiled as he answered, "Don't you worry, Thomas. That amount represents the balance after our fees and taxes have been paid. Now, I need you to sign a few important documents, and then you can get started on your trip. The first is a signature card for the bank, which turns control of the checking account over to you. Then there is a form permitting Carnahan, Grayson, and Townsend to continue representing you in handling your trust fund and legal needs, should you so desire. Lastly, your signature is required to activate your credit card." Carnahan slid the papers across the desk to Thomas, along with a checkbook, debit card, and a portfolio containing a credit card.

Thomas signed the papers, happy to have Big Jim continue overseeing his finances. He then picked up the credit card to sign it, and noticed that it was different from other cards he had seen. Where most cards were made of plastic, this one seemed to be made of some sort of metal. Thomas wondered about the card as he signed it -- What the hell kind of card is made of metal? At least it should be easy to keep from breaking it!

Carnahan looked at Thomas studying the card and said, "That's made out of titanium. It is light in weight, but not in spending ability. You're holding an American Express Centurion card. Those things don't grow on trees -- most people never even see one. Hell, son, I've never seen one before yours arrived!"

Thomas thanked Big Jim profusely as the lawyer put away the paper work and escorted him back to the lobby. Carnahan shook hands with the young man, once again wishing him well on his trip. As Thomas rode the elevator down to the lobby, he thought about how he would manage to get Angelica on the same flight as him. Well, money isn't going to be a problem, that's for sure! But I still don't know who to contact to make last minute arrangements.

As he started his car and began his drive home, Thomas continued to worry at the problem of getting a ticket for Angelica. He finally decided to ask for help, and called Big Jim's office. The receptionist informed Thomas that Mr. Carnahan was in with another client, but she would certainly have him return the call as soon as he was finished. Frustrated, he thanked the receptionist and disconnected the call, turning on the radio as he drove. The next song was 'Rockstar" by Nickelback, and he almost changed the station, until the lyrics sank into his consciousness.

Thomas tried to recall what Big Jim had said about his credit card. He recalled the man telling him that it was not any ordinary card; in fact, it was rather rare. Thomas didn't know if it was "a credit card that's got no limit", but maybe a call to cardholder services would help steer him in the proper direction.

Thomas pulled over to the curb, got his card out of his wallet, and dialed the toll-free number on the back. He was a bit amazed when instead of an automated voice menu system, the phone was answered by a live person.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Crawford, and thank you for calling American Express. My name is George Marino, and I will be your personal concierge. What may I assist you with today, sir?"

"Ummmm... I'm kinda new to all this. I have a first class ticket to London that was purchased for me, but now I need an extra ticket for someone joining me. Is that something you can help me figure out how to arrange?"

"By all means, Mr. Crawford. All I need is the information from the original ticket, and I can make the necessary calls to arrange companion travel. Do you have ground transportation arranged already, or shall I handle that as well?"

"No, I haven't arranged anything yet. I would appreciate you handling that. Just a second, I'll get the ticket."

Thomas pulled out his ticket and read off the flight information. The concierge assured him that he would handle everything, and then asked for the name of his companion. Thomas sheepishly admitted that he did not know Angelica's last name. The concierge told him that he would begin work on the companion ticket, but would not be able to complete the reservation until he had her personal information. Thomas wished that he had gotten Angelica's phone number, instead of having only given her his. Thomas told the concierge that he would call back with the information as soon as he had it, before ending the call.

Damnit, why didn't I think about getting her number last night instead of just giving Emil a card with mine? There's no telling when she is likely to -- Thomas' train of thought came to an abrupt stop as his cell phone started ringing. He looked at the display before answering it, and saw that the call was from an A HOWARD. Angelica? No, it couldn't be.

"Hello, this is Thomas."

"Thomas! Hi, it's Angie! I talked to Emil and told him that I needed to take a two-week leave of absence, since you said you weren't sure how long and everything. I am still supposed to go with you, right?"

"Yes, Angie, as a matter of fact, I was just on the phone with the AmEx concierge, and he said that he would need some information from you in order to complete booking your flight. I've got a couple things I need to do before we leave tomorrow, so would you mind calling him?"

"O-Okay... What's the number?"

"Hang on a sec -- I'll text you the number. His name is George, and he'll take care of everything. And if there's anything else you need for the trip, just tell him, and he will take care of it."

"I'll call right now. I'm so excited for tomorrow! I feel like a princess in a fairy tale."

Thomas chuckled and said goodbye, telling her that he would see her in the morning. Putting his phone and ticket away, he started the car again and headed out to buy some new luggage. All that he had in the way of luggage was an old, battered suitcase. Thomas figured he was going to need more than that for a trip to England.

* * * * *

Thomas woke early the next morning, after having slept fitfully throughout the night. His dreams were all over the place, some focusing on the flight with Angie, some featuring his arrival in London. One dream in particular disturbed him. In this dream, a tall man was speaking passionately in a foreign language to a group of men and women. The man was remarkable for his striking features, large handlebar-type moustache, and piercing eyes. As the dream progressed, Thomas was unable to understand the language, but the ideas that came to him were of power, conflict, control, and impending war. He began to sense that the war being discussed was not warfare as he had learned of it in school, but war on a far deeper and broader scale than any other human conflict in history. The dream ended as the tall man turned his gaze towards Thomas, as though he could sense his presence. The words "You do not belong here yet, választott" rang in Thomas' ears as he awoke with a start.

Thomas pondered the dream for a moment, but as he tried to recall details, it faded from memory. Shrugging his shoulders, Thomas got up and got ready for his flight. After showering and dressing in his suit, he carried his luggage down to the front porch to await the limo. Julie Crawford came down, wrapped in her long terrycloth robe, to see her son off and wish him well on his trip.

As Julie hugged her son goodbye, the limousine pulled up. Thomas had seen limos before, but never anything with this level of grandeur. Sitting at the curb was a Rolls Royce Phantom stretch limousine, complete with liveried chauffer. Talk about going all out for a limo! he thought. The chauffer opened the door for him, then after getting Thomas settled, stowed his luggage and got behind the wheel again. Momentary panic set in when Thomas realized that he did not know where Angie lived.

"Excuse me, but I don't have my companion's address." Thomas felt like an idiot having to admit that.

"Your concierge supplied me with all the pertinent information, Mr. Crawford. We should be arriving in about fifteen minutes. Shall I call ahead to let her know when to expect the car, or would you prefer to handle that, sir?"

Thomas shook his head in amazement. I could get used to this! Nice to have someone looking after the little details. I will have to find a way to thank George for his help. "I think I'll call her, thank you."

Putting up the privacy divider, Thomas took out his phone and dialed Angie. "Hi, Angie, it's Thomas. We should be there in about ten to fifteen minutes." He listened, and then responded, "Yes, I said 'we'. My concierge arranged ground transportation. Okay, I'll see you in a little bit."

When the limo arrived, Angie squealed in delight. "Ohmygod, that is so romantic! It reminds me of that scene in Pretty Woman, well, except for the part where I'd have to be the hooker, that is!" Angie blushed as she made that last comment.

Oh, I bet you'd make a fine little sex toy! Thomas thought to himself. As she climbed into the back of the limousine, Angie gave Thomas a smoldering look that promised to make the trip much more than he had already imagined it would be. Thomas noticed with great appreciation as her skirt rode up on her thighs, a tent starting to form in his trousers. However, there was little time to do anything about his desires, as the trip from Angie's apartment to the airport was only eleven minutes. He noticed as they got out and checked their luggage that Angie was constantly touching him; her hand caressed his forearm, her hip brushed against his leg, or her head leaned on his shoulder.

Thomas and Angie made their way to the first-class counter for the airline to pick up Angie's ticket. The reservation agent asked Thomas for the credit card used to purchase the ticket, and when he produced the card Angie's eyes grew wide. "Thomas, is that a..." her voice trailed off as she stared at the card. Finding her voice again, she continued, "Is that a black AmEx card?"

Thomas grinned at her. "What's wrong, Angie? Doesn't everyone have one?"

Angie slapped his shoulder playfully. "You're kidding, right? The only other time I saw one of those was when Chad Kroeger came into the restaurant. I'm impressed!" She curled her arms around his, smiling up at him.

Once the reservation clerk handed Thomas the ticket, they headed through screening and arrived at their gate. The gate clerk for the airline looked over their tickets, and then informed them that they would be in the first boarding group. Minutes later, they were ushered aboard the plane and shown to their places. Unlike the first class of most airlines, this plane had sleeper compartments for their passengers. Thomas wondered about that, until the flight attendant explained that the flight was seven hours long. He was suddenly very grateful for the extra bit of both luxury and privacy the compartments provided, considering his restless night's sleep.

Passenger boarding completed, and after everyone had settled into his or her places, the PA system on the plane came to life. "Good morning ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. I want to welcome you aboard flight VS018 service from New York to London. Once we get airborne today, our flight time will be seven hours; currently in London, the winds are out of the south at 6 MPH, excellent visibility, some thundershowers, and the temperature is 22 degrees Centigrade, which is about 72 degrees Fahrenheit. We'll get back to you en route just as soon as we have more information; once again, welcome aboard."

Thomas sat back and relaxed as the plane took off, feeling Angie squeeze his hand as they became airborne. Soon, the flight attendants began circulating through the cabin, checking on the comfort and needs of the passengers. Thomas was only partially awake at the time the attendant came to his compartment, and he heard Angie asking about how to ensure privacy while they slept. Had he been more awake, he would have seen the two women exchange knowing glances as the flight attendant gave Angie directions on closing off their compartment.

Just as he started to drift off to sleep, Thomas began having an extremely erotic dream. He was lying back on a bed that gently moved underneath him, while hands began to remove his clothing. As each bit of his skin was exposed, Thomas felt it being licked and kissed very sensuously. He looked down in his dream and saw Angie kissing her way down his belly, pausing only to lock eyes with him before engulfing the head of his cock in her mouth. Oh shit, that feels good! I know I thought she was hot at the restaurant, but I never expected her to be this talented! Thoughts of Angie at the restaurant on his birthday began to tickle away at some elusive memory, something he knew was important, but couldn't seem to bring into focus.

Trying to recall that important memory disrupted Thomas' dream, and he found himself waking up, yet still experiencing the sensations of warmth and wetness surrounding his cock. Opening his eyes, he was greeted by the sight of Angie's blonde head slowly bobbing up and down in his lap. "Angie?"

She looked up at him, moving her hair aside as she continued, and Thomas saw her slide her lips back down his cock, the warmth and wetness of her mouth a mere hint of the heat that shone in her eyes. Lifting her head from his now-glistening cock, she said in a smoky whisper, "I'm glad you woke up, Thomas. I would have hated for you to sleep through the main event." Angie stood up, and slowly stripped for him, her eyes never leaving his. Thomas watched raptly as she shed her top, her perfect breasts once more exposed to his view. Angie then slid her skirt around, unzipped it, and let it pool to her feet. All that she was left wearing was a blue lacy thong, which she peeled off and tossed aside.

"Ever since your birthday dinner, all I have been able to dream about is being with you." She moved to stand next to Thomas and started tugging his pants and boxers the rest of the way off him. "It's funny how you've made such an impression on my mind, especially since I usually go for guys a couple years older than me, rather than a couple years younger." Angie folded the pants, set them aside, then climbed onto the bed, and straddled Thomas. "I don't know what it is, if it's the flight, the trip, or the idea of being whisked away, but I am just so horny for you." Taking his cock in her hand, Angie rubbed the head against her slit, covering it with her juices. "I have just GOT to have you inside me now!"

Just before Angie sank herself down onto his cock, Thomas heard the PA system come to life once again. "Good morning ladies and gentlemen, my name is Russell Harris, on behalf of myself and the rest of your New York based flight crew, I want to welcome you aboard flight VS018 service from New York to London. We are currently level at 37,000 feet, and that will probably be our final cruising altitude today. The route of flight will take us..." The rest of the announcement faded from his consciousness as the feeling of Angie's cunt slowly engulfing his cock brought his attention into sharp focus.

Placing his hands on her hips, Thomas eased her down until she was sitting on him, his cock buried fully inside her. Slowly they began to move together, rising and falling, thrusting and withdrawing, letting each sensation linger before chasing the next. Angie guided his hands to her breasts, encouraging him to cup them and knead them, as she placed her hands flat on the bed to either side of his hips. She started to grind on him shamelessly, a naked cowgirl in a mid-air pornographic rodeo. As Angie's arousal grew, she began to ride Thomas harder, lifting nearly all the way off his cock before slamming herself back down, impaling herself again and again. Thomas mauled her breasts, pinching and lightly twisting her nipples.

Coming Into His Own Ch. 04
byPhantomOp©

AUTHOR'S NOTE: The truth about Thomas' ring.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality.

Permission to distribute this work is granted provided that it is redistributed in its unaltered entirety, no fee is charged, and proper attribution is given as to author and original location of posting. Failure to comply with any or all of the requirements constitutes copyright infringement.

Copyright (c) 2013 by PhantomOp





After the shock of Angie's reaction, and the time and energy Thomas had to spend helping her calm down, he was grateful for the assistance that Browne, Holt, Banks and Simmons provided on their arrival at Heathrow. Thomas and Angie were met at the gate by one of the firm's paralegals, Harrison Marshall. Harry, as he preferred to be called, had expedited the immigration checkpoint for them by having their landing cards ready to sign, as well as guiding them to a Border Force station reserved for VIPs and sponsored guests. In much less time than he imagined, Thomas and Angie were seated in the back of a limousine with Harry serving as impromptu tour guide on their way to the hotel.

Christ, I know he means well, but after all the things I've just been through, I don't think I can take a cheerful tour guide yammering away about everything we pass. Harry, I want you to not be so talkative right now. It's not you, I've just had a bad day. Whatever Thomas had hoped to cause with those thoughts, he was not prepared for the results he got. Harry paused in his running narrative, looked Thomas in the eye, and quietly said, "My apologies, Mr. Crawford. My enthusiasm at being chosen to meet you got the better of me. I can assure you that it will not happen again. Although, you didn't have to use those means to gain my cooperation. You could have simply asked."

Thomas gaped at the man. Everything he thought he knew about what was happening to him went out the window with that one simple statement. While he was by no means fully versed in what he was able to do ever since he got the ring, he had been certain before today that he was able to quietly and completely influence someone sitting close to him, as Harry was. Instead of reassuring him that he was not some freak, it brought Thomas to a level of self-doubt he had not experienced before.

Harry favored Thomas with a smile, guessing at the young man's current emotional state, and said simply, "You are not the first Választott I have met, Mr. Crawford. I just happen to be far more aware of what is in my mind, and what isn't, than most people." The paralegal's cryptic comment did little to settle Thomas' discomfort. The events of his life had long since surpassed strange, taken a sharp left at bizarre, and then plunged directly down into You-have-got-to-be-fucking-kidding-me-ville. Thomas was as much unsettled by the lack of Harry's response to his thoughts, as he was by the man's usage of a term he had only heard in his dreams.

Angie, who had been quietly observing the scenery outside the limousine, turned and looked at Thomas, her electric-blue eyes wide and innocent as she asked, "What's a Választott, Master?"

The remainder of the ride to the hotel was a blur to Thomas, who sat with his head in his hands, wondering just how his life had taken all these twists at once. He thought about when it all started, and recalled the ring once again. Growing frustrated with the whirlwind of changes in his mind and the people around him, Thomas once again tried to take off the ring, hoping that it would make everything stop. As he tugged at it, another massive migraine slammed into his head, leaving him dazed. He could barely see or hear anything about him. Thomas knew that Harry and Angie were trying to talk to him, but their words faded away under the waves of pain.

"Mr. Crawford, please don't bring harm to yourself like that. The ring is there to..."

"Master, are you okay? Please be okay! I love..."

Thomas shut his eyes, and the pain seemed to lessen slightly. The limousine pulled up to the hotel, and Angie and Harry helped him get out, putting his arms around their shoulders and half dragging him in. Harry spoke to the desk clerk, informing her that Mr. Crawford and his companion had arrived, though Mr. Crawford was a bit under the weather from the long flight. The clerk signaled a pair of porters to help Mr. Crawford to his room, then turned back to Harry to complete the paperwork for Thomas' check-in.

One of the porters took Harry's position at Thomas' side, while the other one retrieved the luggage from the limousine. Angie and the porter got Thomas into the elevator, and Angie steadied him as the porter used the key for the fifth floor penthouse. When the door opened, Angie gasped in surprise and awe. She had never seen a hotel room as opulently appointed as this one. Furnishings, china, silverware, and fixtures all spoke of an elegant, highly refined, and probably extremely expensive eye for details. She wanted to look more later, but her first concern was beginning to stir and groan beside her. She looked at Thomas with love and concern in her eyes and said, "I'm right here, Master. I'll take care of you."

Angie got Thomas onto the turned down bed and thanked the porter for his assistance. Nodding to her as he took his leave, the porter shut the door to the bedroom as he stepped out. Angie began to carefully and lovingly remove Thomas' clothes, her only concern being his comfort and care. Soon she had Thomas completely undressed and settled on the bed. After drawing the drapes to help darken the room against the midday sun, she set the air conditioner to low cool and quickly undressed herself before slipping into bed with Thomas, spooning behind him, and wrapping her arms around him in an effort to comfort him and ease his pain.

*****

Thomas woke several hours later, the migraine having finally dissipated. As he became aware of his surroundings, he felt the pleasurable warmth of Angie spooned behind him, her right hand holding his cock reverently, lightly stroking it. Thomas felt wetness on his shoulder, and slowly turned to look at Angie, seeing the tears streaming out of the corners of her tightly closed eyes. As soon as she felt his movement, Angie's eyes flew open wide. He could see that she was holding her breath, as though she were afraid he might break if she moved.

"Master? MASTER!!! Oh my god, I was so scared Master, I was afraid you were dying, and I'd be here all alone without you. I love you so much, Master, and I can't bear to think of what would happen if you weren't here anymore." Angie began to punctuate her words with kisses and caresses, her need for Thomas only second to the absolute love that shone in her azure eyes. "You're going to be all right, aren't you, Master? What happened to you? I was looking at the scenery outside the limo, and then when I turned to look at you, you were as pale as a ghost. Next thing, you just slumped over in your seat, and wouldn't respond to anything. Please tell me you're going to be all right, Master. I have been so scared for you."

Thomas' mind raced as he listened to Angie. Whether or not it was what he intended, it was apparent from the way she addressed him that Angie saw Thomas as her Master. OK, Thomas, time to man up and deal with what's in front of you. No more trying to make things go away and pretend this isn't happening. Thomas hoped his mental pep talk would help. Yes, I am way out of my element here, but I also have to think about how this is affecting Angie. Until I can get some answers, I am just going to have to accept how she feels. I am pretty sure that if I tried to think my way out of this, I'd only end up with another migraine, or scramble her mind, or some other equally unpleasant prospect.

Thomas laid his hand against Angie's face, and gently caressed her cheek. He smiled softly as she visibly relaxed, relief apparent in her eyes. "Angie, sweetie, I have no idea exactly what has happened on this trip so far, but I can assure you that what hit me in the limo was a really nasty migraine, not something fatal." He pressed his fingertip to Angie's lips softly to silence her, as she started to ask more questions. "I am so sorry that what happened frightened you as it did. I'm much better, in large part due to the way you took such good care of me. If you hadn't gotten me into a dark, cool room my migraine would probably still be throbbing in my skull. And I have to say, waking up with a beautiful girl wrapped around me is one of the best things I have ever felt."

"Master, you mean everything to me! Of course I took care of you -- I couldn't imagine letting you suffer if there was anything I could do." Angie smiled at him, and the happiness that radiated from her infused Thomas, though her words brought more questions to his mind.

"That brings up another thing I need to ask you about, Angie. I remember in the limo, just before my migraine hit, you called me Master for the first time. I'm a little concerned about this change, and I need to hear from you how you feel about all this."

Angie's smile faded slightly, as she began to fear the worst. "Please don't send me away Master!" Her eyes began to brim with tears, until Thomas gently lifted her chin with his fingertip, smiled at her, and then kissed her softly on the lips. As the kiss ended, Angie's smile returned. "Thank you, Master." Angie took a few moments to compose her thoughts. "I know that everything has been so sudden, and I have been over this hundreds of times in my mind, trying to figure out what has happened. I remember the night you came to the restaurant with your mom. When I saw the two of you being seated in my area, I got a little thrill of excitement. You were by far the cutest guy in the place, Master."

She smiled shyly at Thomas before continuing. "Much of the evening was a blur, though I remember getting aroused whenever I got to be near your table. I had this really vivid fantasy of stripping off my top and sitting on your lap, letting you have your way with me. The next thing I remember, I was back in the bathroom, fingering myself because the idea turned me on so much. When Emil gave me your card, I just know he had to smell the sex in the air, because he caught me just outside the bathroom. I raced up front, hoping you hadn't left yet. When you invited me to take this trip, it was like a dream come true, even though I know it was impulsive and crazy. I mean, I barely knew you then, Master! But I didn't think about anything other than getting to spend some time with you."

Angie leaned in and kissed Thomas lightly on the lips, then backed away to look at him as she went on. "The trip has been incredible so far, with limos and first-class seating and this amazing hotel. I know things got strange on the plane, but it was so hot at the same time, Master. I wanted you so bad, and it was incredible, but then I got freaked out and mad and thought that you were doing things to my head. I thought I was losing my mind, and then you said the words that saved me. You told me that I belonged to you, and that you would never just use me." Angie smiles radiantly as she recalled the words. "And that's when I knew that everything would be fine, as long as you owned me."

Thomas tried to think back to what he had said to Angie on the plane, and how she could have interpreted it as him owning her. When he realized that he had said " I am enjoying having you with me, but I will never just 'use' you" and coupled that with the dream voice telling him that he was indenturing her, it made sense -- perhaps an extremely out-of-the-ordinary kind of sense, but it at least gave Thomas a frame of reference. If someone had told me before my birthday that I would be able to affect people with my thoughts, and end up 'owning' an absolutely hot girl, I would have said they were crazy. Now it's my own sanity that I keep questioning.

Regardless of his personal feelings, Thomas knew he could not hurt Angie by rejecting what she believed. He turned to look directly into her eyes, and softly said, "Angie, this is all very new to me, but I will do my best to take care of you properly. I can't promise that I will not get things wrong at times, but I can promise that I will do everything in my power to fix whatever I am able to fix. Since you have already accepted this as your reality, is there anything you can think of that I should be doing as your Master?"

Angie smiled seductively at his words, and told him without words what a good Master should do with a willing slave. Kissing her way down his chest, stopping to flick her tongue across his nipples, kissing and licking lower and lower until she reached a spot just above his quickly hardening cock, Angie silently explained to her Master that her need was to be used by him, to be found pleasing to him. Sinking to her knees before him, Angie looked at Thomas with a gaze that exuded raw lust, then slowly engulfed the head of his cock with her lips.

Thomas moaned in sheer pleasure as she swirled her tongue around the head of his cock, before slowly beginning to bob her head up and down, her right hand fondling his balls as her left hand stroked his shaft. The sensations Angie gave him were nearly impossible to describe, as words like "amazing", "incredible", and " awesome" were too poor to convey the magnitude of pleasure Thomas was receiving. Angie changed speed and movement regularly, so that Thomas could never predict what she would do next. Just when he started to think that it was impossible for Angie to do any better, she began to hum as she sucked his cock. With that, Thomas could no longer hold back, and succumbed to the ministrations of the self-proclaimed slave at his feet, erupting in orgasmic bliss as Angie gulped every bit of his semen.

Dazed, Thomas lay back on the bed, unable to believe what had just happened. Angie smiled, though her expression was one of amazement as well. "Master, I've never done that before!"

Thomas looked at her with disbelief. You've never given head before? I find that hard to accept, as talented as you are."

Angie giggled lightly. "No, that's not what I meant, Master. I've given head a lot to my old boyfriend, but I never let him or anyone cum in my mouth. I thought I would gag, or it would taste funny." She licked her lips and grinned up at Thomas. "But I have to tell you, you tasted yummy!"

*****

Thomas lay on the bed with Angie, holding her close and relaxing, basking in the afterglow of the most amazing sexual experience he had ever had. The reverie was all too soon broken by the ringing of the telephone.

With a touch of annoyance at being disturbed, he answered the phone. "Thomas speaking."

Harry's voice greeted his ears. "Ah, Mr. Crawford, you sound much better than you did when we arrived at the hotel. I trust the rest and quiet was beneficial?"

"Yes, Harry, I do feel much better after the rest, and Angie's ministrations." Thomas chuckled to himself, thinking that he would soon be ready for more of Angie's attentions, as well as return the pleasure she gave him.

"That's good, Mr. Crawford. I hated to call and bother you, but I felt it important to go over the schedule for tomorrow if you were up to it. I have taken the liberty of making a reservation at Thirty-Six for dinner. I hope that 7 o'clock will be suitable for you?"

Thomas glanced at the clock, noting that it was half past five P.M. "Yes, I think that should work. Is there a particular dress code of which I should be aware?"

"A dinner jacket and tie for you, sir, and a nice cocktail dress for the lady."

Thomas was relieved that Harry had included Angie, as it would likely not be a working dinner with her present. "Very good, Harry. We will see you downstairs in an hour."

*****

The last of the dinner dishes had been cleared from the table, and Thomas sat back in his seat, sipping his coffee. Harry had briefly outlined the meeting agenda for tomorrow, but those details were not foremost on Thomas' mind. It was an almost-offhanded comment that Harry made that was puzzling him. "Harry, I'm just a little out of my depth here. Can you please tell me again what you were saying about this ring in the limousine?"

Harry gave a slight smile, tugged at the collar of his shirt, and glanced at Thomas, before looking away again. "I'm afraid I really shouldn't have spoken out of turn, Mr. Crawford, but I was rather concerned with your well being. Mr. Browne wanted to be the one to explain the details about the ring to you, along with a number of other related matters, as he had been one of your grandfather's oldest friends. I certainly hope that he will forgive my indiscretion. I will tell some of the details of the ring, but will ask that you permit Mr. Browne to complete the description." Thomas nodded his assent to this.

"Very good, sir. The ring is a family heirloom, one that has been used by your family for generations. When a Választott turns 21, the elder male of the family has used that ring in a ceremonial ritual to mark the young man's coming into his own as a Választott. Those things that you have discovered for yourself since placing the ring on your finger are things that are normally explained to boys when they are young, and learned slowly. The fact that you have been "awakened" all at once is highly unusual, and so the ring serves to help dampen the full range of your talents until you can be properly instructed. Once that has been accomplished, you will be able to freely remove the ring without suffering any further ill effects."

Thomas sat, once again a bit stunned by Harry's using a term that previously had only been heard in a dream. Thomas asked Harry, echoing Angie's earlier question in the limo, "What exactly is a Választott?"

Harry smiled enigmatically, and said, "Well, Mr. Crawford, you are. I will leave the full explanation to Mr. Browne, sir, and I ask that you let that suffice for now."

Report Story
byPhantomOp© 10 comments/ 40601 views/ 15 favorites

Coming Into His Own Ch. 05
byPhantomOp©

AUTHOR'S NOTE: Thomas learns more in London.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality.

Permission to distribute this work is granted provided that it is redistributed in its unaltered entirety, no fee is charged, and proper attribution is given as to author and original location of posting. Failure to comply with any or all of the requirements constitutes copyright infringement.

Copyright (c) 2013 by PhantomOp

Thomas lay in bed, thoughts of his impending meeting with Alexander Browne racing through his mind. The possibility that he would finally have some answers was in equal measures thrilling and terrifying. Thomas would be grateful to know what was actually happening to him, though he could not help but worry about the way that he seemed to be able to affect others so easily. Lord Acton's words about power corrupting gave fuel to this worry. Thomas told himself that there was little to be done about his current situation until he learned more, and finally drifted off to sleep, where he dreamed about friends from college.

*****

Sheri and a few of her friends from Dr. Portillo's psych class got together at the Arts Garage for a girl's night out. The Arts Garage was one of their favorite hangouts, as it had a variety of artists and entertainments styles, including music, dance, spoken word, comedy, and theater. In short, it was a perfect place to go with no expectations and be truly amazed at what was happening any given night.

Sheri flagged down one of the servers, and ordered a round of Pabst Blue Ribbon for the girls. Renae and Brenda decided to check out the dance floor, while Joy, Marilyn and Kelly stayed at the table with Sheri to chat and drink. "So, Sheri, tell me about this mystery guy you've got all dreamy over," said Kelly with a smirk and a wink. Sheri blushed hotly as she thought back to her encounter with Thomas the day that Dr. Portillo let them off the hook on the essay.

"He's no mystery guy. Tom is in Doc P's class with us. I had talked with him about assignments before, and we went out with a group of friends, but we have never dated. I think he's cute, and I'd go out with him if he asked me, but so far he hasn't."

Marilyn spoke up, "Tom? You mean the guy that had the balls to ask Doc Portillo about getting out of the essay? OK, I can see the attraction, but what changed to make you so hung up on him?"

Sheri blushed again. "Well, you guys know that my scholarship kinda depends on me keeping a good grade in my psych classes, so I was very happy to have dodged the bullet on that essay. I was not well prepared for writing that day, and when I saw the essay sign on the board, I was a little panicked. Dr. Portillo is nice and all, but if I'd have done poorly on that assignment, it could have dropped my grade low enough that I would have jeopardized my scholarship. When Tom got us out of the essay, I wanted to thank him for saving my ass."

Joy snickered as she asked, "What didja do to thank him? Give him a beej?" Kelly and Marilyn joined in laughing about the idea, until one look at Sheri told them that Joy's comment was way too close for comfort.

"Damn, Sheri, I was just joking when I asked that. I had no idea...."

"Well, I didn't start out to do that. I just wanted to tell Tom thanks, and maybe make him dinner to show my gratitude. Plus, I figured if I he was the shy type, me asking him to come over for dinner might break the ice. I was just working up to asking him about dinner, when the urge to get a little freaky came over me. The next thing you know, I'm pulling him into one of the empty labs and swallowing his cock like it was the last meal on earth. God, I hope he doesn't think I'm a total slut now."

Marilyn patted Sheri's shoulder. "Hun, if he does think that, he doesn't deserve to date you anyway. And think of it like this -- you have a 'wild college girl' story to tell later on."

Sheri nodded at Marilyn's words, though her thoughts kept going back to Thomas and how hot being with him had made her. She took another sip from her PBR, then slid the can along her neck and down the front of her top to try and help her cool down. Just then, Renae and Brenda came back from the dance floor. Brenda grabbed a beer and took a long drink, then said to the group, "Damn, it's crazy on the floor tonight. I thought it was gonna be performance art night, but this is just unbelievable!"

Renae took a drink, her face flushed and glowing with a light sheen of perspiration. Always the wild child of the bunch, it was no surprise to the group that Renae had shed her blouse while dancing, and was now only wearing her sports bra and her mini skirt.

"I thought Brenda was going to flip out when she saw the pole in the center of the dance floor, but she held it together pretty well -- at least until I walked over to it and started dancing, that is. Turns out that tonight's performance art is all about audience participation. The DJ is playing what he calls his 'pole dance monster mix', and waiting to see which girl is going to take the bait and pole dance."

"Renae gave them an eyeful too, when she started dancing. Girl, if I didn't know any better, I'd say there's a stripper hiding inside you, waiting to get out! Remind me to check our closet for tacky stripper shoes when we get home. Anyway, Renae walks up to the pole like she grew up on one, and starts dancing and grinding like crazy. What really sent things over the top was when she went way up on the pole, held on with her thighs, and took off her blouse. I thought for sure the guys on the floor were going to start throwing dollar bills! Of course, I was getting a bit worked up myself. It's a good thing she stopped when she did, or I might have raped her right there on the dance floor."

"Now come on, Brenda, you know you can't rape the willing!" All the girls laughed at this, knowing that if Brenda had made a move on Renae there on the floor, it would have been welcomed, and would only have been a preview of what was in store when they got home.

"I could go back out there and dance a little more, Bren -- we could always bring home a little boy-toy to add to the fun."

"Not tonight, sweetie, this is our date night. Maybe next time we can do that, but tonight you're all mine!"

Renae purred happily to herself. Brenda wasn't the jealous type, but it was still nice to know that she had the same desires.

"Did anyone see where Sheri went? I bet all this talk got her hot and bothered for her mystery man."

"Renae, he's no mystery guy. She's got the hots for Tom Crawford, one of the guys in our class. I was teasing her about giving him a 'happy ending' kind of thank you for getting us out of that essay, and it turns out that's really what happened."

"No shit?!? Lucky guy. Lucky Sheri, too -- he's pretty hot himself. Anywho, that still doesn't solve where little miss Sheri has disappeared to."

While the girls were talking about Renae's show on the dance floor, Sheri's thoughts drifted off to what it might be like to pole dance for Thomas. Figuring this was a great opportunity to see how it was done, she headed off for the dance floor, determined to make the most of this chance. When she got there, she was a bit disappointed to see that no one was currently occupying the pole. Sheri stood off to one side, watching the people on the floor dance, and waiting to see who would be the next willing participant in tonight's performance art.

After about ten minutes of waiting, Sheri was about to give up and head back to her friends, when the opening beats of Nine Inch Nails' "Closer" came pouring out of the speakers. Sheri walked up to the pole, grasping it in her left hand, and slowly began to twirl around it, before starting to grind the pole as the chorus proclaimed "I wanna fuck you like an animal, I wanna feel you from the inside". Slowly, Sheri began to unbutton her blouse, letting it fall open and reveal her lacy black push-up bra. She kept dancing, flailing her head side to side with the beat, her blonde hair whipping around her erotically as she shrugged off the blouse. Sheri continued to dance and grind, imagining that Thomas' eyes were devouring her as she moved. Soon, her hands move to the back of her miniskirt, and she unzipped it, letting it slide down her shapely legs before pooling on the floor at her feet. Sheri stepped out of the skirt, her right foot kicking up and launching the garment so she could catch it and toss it to the side with her blouse.

Nothing existed for Sheri but the music, the pole, and the image of Thomas watching her. She grabbed the pole again with both hands, and began to grind against it once more, keeping beat with the music. Sheri danced and swayed her heart out, picturing Thomas taking her at the end of the song and having his way with her. Just as the song ended, she closed her eyes and shuddered against the pole as an orgasm washed over her. Opening her eyes, Sheri saw the entire crowd watching her with expressions that ranged from surprise to admiration to out-and-out lust. Unselfconsciously, she picked up her skirt and blouse, got dressed, and walked back towards the table where her friends had been sitting.

"Damn, girl, that was hot! Tom better watch out when he gets back, because I think Miss Secret Freak plans to do a little dancing on his pole!"

"Have you been taking lessons? You looked so good out there, I can't believe that it was all just natural moves."

The girls kept chattering on about Sheri's dance, and she smiled at them, still surprised that she did something so daring. All at once, the full realization of what she did hit her, and her face burned crimson with embarrassment. Sheri was no prude, but stripping to her bra and panties in front of a crowd was not something she had ever imagined she would do. She looked at her watch, and seeing that it was 1 a.m., used the late hour as an excuse to leave and deal with her sudden shock.

*****

Thomas yawned as he turned off the alarm clock. I thought England was supposed to be a more civilized country. Why would anyone make me have to get up at 6 a.m. for some meeting at 9 with the lawyers? Thomas' ill humor at the hour did not last long, as he felt Angie's nude body move against him. Watching Angie wake up was worth the earliness of the hour.

"Good morning, Master! Did you sleep well? This bed is soooo comfy!"

"Yes, Angie, I did sleep well. I remember having a dream about some of the girls from school just before I woke up, but I can't recall any details. Other than that, I slept like a rock after a certain sex kitten took it upon herself to see if she could re-enact the entire Kama Sutra in one session." Thomas grinned at her as Angie began to blush. "Mind you, I'm not complaining I the least. I just hope they have some strong coffee to help me stay awake through this meeting."

"Master, I did not mean to make you overly tired. Please don't be upset with -- mmmmmpfh." Thomas silenced her apology with a deep kiss that told her all was well, and that he rather liked the reason he was tired this morning. He smiled down at the auburn-haired beauty beneath him, and began kissing his way down her body. Angie gasped with arousal as Thomas took first one nipple then the other between his lips, sucking them and lightly nipping them with his teeth. "Oh damn, Master, that feels so good!" Thomas continued kissing his way down her body, tasting the sweetness of her skin as he licked and nibbled his way across her belly and down one thigh. He then started kissing and nibbling his way back up, until Sheri shuddered in anticipation as she felt the heat of his breath caress her damp labia.

Thomas flicked the tip of his tongue across Angie's swollen clit, silently chuckling to himself as her body jumped as though electrified. I wonder, can I enhance her responses by thinking them into being? Only one way to know for sure. I'd like to see what happens if Angie's clit became twice as sensitive to my tongue. Thomas flicked his tongue across her clit once more, and nearly got his neck broken for his efforts. Angie bucked and thrashed, screaming out her orgasm as her thighs clamped around Thomas' ears. "M-m-m-master, oh My GOD!!!!!!! What did you just do? No, don't stop! That felt so good I thought I was going to die from the sensations, but don't stop please, Master!"

Thomas continued to use his tongue on her hyper sensitive clit, while sliding two fingers into her drenched cunt, crooking them upwards and finding her G-spot. Angie continued to writhe and scream in ecstasy as he drove her to orgasm after orgasm before finally letting her collapse back on the bed. Angie lay there, gasping for air, her eyes glowing with lust for Thomas.

"Just you... wait for me... to catch... my breath... Master...."

Thomas grinned down at her.

"Maybe I'd prefer to take advantage of you while you're short of breath, like THIS!" He punctuated his final word by thrusting his cock fully into Angie's still-clenching cunt, watching with pleasure as her eyes snapped fully open and her legs wrapped round his waist. "Is this what you want, my sweet little sex slave? To have your Master use your body for his pleasure, and leave you too weak to move?"

Angie could only nod, as she had tried to scream out her pleasure, but found that she was beyond words. Thomas took hold of her hips, and began to fuck her in earnest, varying his strokes from long, slow, deep ones to rapid pistoning ones. As Angie continued to thrash in orgasm underneath him, Thomas knew that he would not last much longer, and in a low, guttural growl he thrust deeply one last time and flooded Angie's cunt with his thick cum.

*****

Showered and dressed after their morning's diversions, Thomas and Angie met Harry downstairs and ate a quick breakfast before the limousine arrived to take them to the offices of Browne, Holt, Banks and Simmons. Harry went over a few of the more mundane details of the meeting ahead, but just smiled and politely dismissed Thomas' questions about the Választott, the ring, or anything to do with the powers Thomas had developed. Mildly frustrated, Thomas grumbled at Harry as they rode to the meeting.

"Talk about attorney-client privilege to the extreme...."

Harry smiled warmly at that and said, "Well, Mr. Crawford, not to put too fine a point on things, but you are not yet a client of the firm. Today's meeting will rectify that, and then I will be at complete liberty to discuss these matters with you."

As much as it frustrated Thomas to not know, he found it comforting that the firm took its responsibilities towards their clients so seriously. He was, after all, the heir to one of their clients, but that alone was not enough to gain the information he sought.

Arriving at the office, Harry exited the limousine, then came around and opened the door for Thomas and Angie. As the three entered the building and rode the elevator to the 7th floor, Thomas noticed that Harry appeared more excited than when he met them at the airport. Well, I guess this is a big deal for everyone here. It's probably not every day they get a descendant of one of the original clients showing up, let alone one who turns out to be a mental freak that has accidentally enslaved his female travel companion.

When the elevator doors opened, Thomas saw Alexander Browne waiting for him by the reception desk. He recognized Mr. Browne from his photo on the firm's website. Thomas stepped up to the desk,extending his hand in greeting. Mr. Browne greeted him with a firm handshake and a ready smile.

"It is so good to finally meet you, Thomas. I trust your flight was a pleasant one?"

Thomas chuckled as he thought back to the flight. "It was certainly an experience like none I have ever had before, Mr. Browne. I was very grateful for the sleeping compartment, and the privacy it afforded. It would have been a bit difficult to talk my way out of trouble had we not been in private, that's for certain."

"Please, dear boy, call me Alex. I feel as though I have been a part of your family for some time, having been your grandfather's solicitor and confidant for all these years." Mr. Browne then turned to Angie, taking her hand and lifting it to his lips, gently kissing it before releasing his grasp. "You must be Angelica. I am Alexander Browne, managing director of Browne, Holt, Banks and Simmons. It is my humble pleasure to welcome you to London. Have you enjoyed your stay so far, my dear?"

Angie smiled shyly at the older gentleman. "Yes, sir, it has been an absolute dream come true to be here with Master. The flight and the hotel and the limo and everything else have made me feel like a fairy tale princess."

To his credit, Mr. Browne took the "Master" comment in stride. "That is wonderful to hear, Angelica. I wonder if I might trouble you for a bit, and borrow your Master for an important meeting?" Thomas was a bit surprised at this, as he had expected that Angie would accompany him into the meeting.

"Um, Alex? I would really prefer that Angie stay with me, if that is possible. That is, if it doesn't break any of your firm's rules or anything."

"Well of course she may attend the meeting, if you wish. I did not want to presume upon your desire in the matter, Thomas, so I allowed you the opportunity to decide what you would prefer." With that, Mr. Browne ushered the trio into the conference room, which was dominated by a massive mahogany boardroom table and elegant chairs. At one end of the table was a monitor and DVD player, along with a sheaf of paperwork.

Thomas and Angie took seats on the far side of the table, with Harry and Mr. Browne taking seats opposite them. Once they were settled in, Harry dimmed the lights as Mr. Browne started the DVD. Thomas had been expecting a video reading of the will, but to his surprise the DVD was a history of Browne, Holt, Banks and Simmons. He learned that the firm had been founded in 1873, and had been shaped by the changes in British judicial procedures. The firm prided itself on being able to handle any and all of their clients' legal needs without having to hire specialists. This provided the charter clients with a level of privacy that had been unheard of in prior years.

Thomas began to wonder why these families required such privacy in dealing with their legal matters, but did not wish to interrupt the presentation to ask. The video highlighted the advances in law that were either established by or refined by Browne, Holt, Banks and Simmons. The presentation concluded with welcoming the viewer as a new client, and provided contact details for their personal representative.

When the lights came back up, Mr. Browne slid a document across the table to Thomas. "My dear young man, this is the contract for retaining Browne, Holt, Banks and Simmons as your legal representative. It was your grandfather's wish that you would choose to do so, but that choice is entirely yours to make. If you decide not to retain the firm as your solicitors, there are documents regarding your grandfather's estate that will have to be transferred to your new firm, and they can disclose the contents to you after they have taken possession."

Thomas thought for a moment, then picked up the pen to sign the form. I might as well stay with these guys, since I don't know any other lawyers here. Besides, they have already been serving my ancestors' legal needs for a very long time, so they must be doing something right. Thomas signed the document, then returned it to Mr. Browne. "Okay, Alex, I'll keep you. So, what can you tell me about this estate?"

"I have taken the liberty of sending the financial records to your Mr. Carnahan for independent verification, as I understand that he has been retained by you as counsel in the States. I advised Mr. Carnahan that we would be meeting this morning, and asked if he would be so good as to be available for a video conference with us to verify the accuracy of the figures. He advised me that even though it would be the middle of the night for him, he would gladly be available. Shall we proceed?"

Coming Into His Own Ch. 05
byPhantomOp©

Thomas nodded silently, awed by the efficiency the solicitor showed in handling Thomas' affairs, as well as the level of knowledge the firm seemed to have about his other legal arrangements. The monitor flickered for a moment as it was switched from DVD to video conferencing, and soon Big Jim's face filled the screen.

"Good morning, Mr. Carnahan. I trust that you have had ample opportunity to review the financials for the elder Mr. Crawford's estate?"

Jim nodded to Mr. Browne, then turned his attention to Thomas. "Son, I think I'm going to have to increase my fees after looking at these numbers!" Jim chuckled at Thomas' expression, then continued. "You remember how you were surprised at the numbers I showed you? Well, to put it mildly, son, 'You ain't seen nothing yet!' As to the accuracy of the financials, I had our auditors go over everything with a fine-toothed comb, and it is legitimate. I won't steal Mr. Browne's thunder, so I'm going to go back to bed for a while, and dream about my increase in retainer." Jim winked at Thomas to let him know that he was kidding about the additional fees, then signed off the video conference.

Mr. Browne turned to Thomas. "If you wish to go over all the details of the financial report, dear boy, we can do so. It would add considerably to the length of the meeting, as your grandfather's holdings were ... substantial ... to say the least. On the other hand, if you are willing to take Mr. Carnahan's evaluation as accurate, we can get past the specifics, and move on to the main portion of Ethan's legacy."

Thomas trusted Big Jim implicitly, so he felt no need to go over the intricate details. "I think we can bypass the accounting class. The main reason I made the trip was to learn more about this ring, about my grandfather, and about this Választott thing. I've been getting migraines, and really strange things have been happening. Grandpa's note to me said that you would be able to help me with all this, so please, help me before I lose my mind."

Mr. Browne glanced at Harry, who nodded in response, then turned his attention back to Thomas. "I understand that you asked that Angelica be permitted to stay with you while we discussed Ethan's estate. I presume, from the way she referred to you as Master, that there have been some significant changes that have happened to her since meeting you." Thomas nodded his agreement, wanting to learn what he could about these changes. "I also presume that some of these changes have come as a shock to you. That is not surprising at all. Ethan had hoped that you would have been better prepared for this, but many things prevented him from being able to see to that preparation personally."

"Let me start with an explanation of the term Választott. The word is Hungarian in origin, and quite simply means 'Chosen'. It is a term that has been used to refer to men and women throughout the ages that have displayed great intellect coupled with great power. These people are often called polymaths by those that do not understand the power that lies within these individuals. While it is true that many polymaths, or Renaissance men, have been Választott, there are many more that were simply men of great knowledge without the accompaniment of power. There have always been a handful of Választott throughout the ages, and as the population of the world increased, so did the number of Választott. In time, they began to seek each other out for companionship, as people of like interests and abilities have always done."

Mr. Browne paused for a moment to look at Thomas. "As these small communities began to appear, it was only natural that families would form. After a few generations, some of these families began to see that their children all possessed a degree of power. In earlier centuries, the birth of a Választott was a rare and unpredictable thing; now it was a matter of the bloodline. Your family is one of the ones where each new generation had a new Választott. With abilities that would frighten many of the leaders of the world, the early communities agreed that it was wisest to limit the size of families to a single child. This would ensure that the resources of the community to educate and guide the next generation would not be overburdened."

"The powers that a Választott possesses vary in intensity, depending on their bloodline. You have already noticed that you are able to influence others with your thoughts. That influence is one of the primary abilities that a Választott has. Another is being able to learn things quickly, and retain that information, much akin to what is called eidetic memory. The ability that is currently giving you the most trouble -- the reason for your migraines -- is the ability to hear the thoughts of others. The ring that your grandfather gave you awakened your dormant abilities, and it also shielded you from being bombarded by every random thought of every person around you. Many untrained Választott, primarily in older generations, either went insane, or were believed to be insane, because of all the 'voices in their head'. It has been the duty of the older generation to instruct each new Választott on how to shield their minds from receiving every thought around them, and learn to tune in on only those thoughts they wish to hear."

"As your grandfather is not able to provide you that training, and your father rejected his birthright and would not teach you, it falls to me to give you the instruction you should have gotten years before your abilities were awakened. I want you to reach out with your thoughts to me, as you did to Harry on the ride from the airport, and tell me that you are ready to learn."

Thomas sat, rather dumbfounded, having absorbed the knowledge from Mr. Browne's speech, but still adjusting to all the implications and emotions that it imparted. All of what he had heard so far was well beyond anything that Thomas could have imagined. Well, at least I know I'm not going crazy. OK, Alex, I'm as ready as I'll ever be to find out what's going on with me. As soon as that thought was formed, Thomas felt as though someone had opened the floodgates to his mind, as images and concepts poured into him. He felt and saw generation after generation of children being taught how to shield their minds, how to reach out with a thought and listen to the mind of another, and how to craft an idea to implant in another's mind. Thomas felt ill as he saw how his heavy-handed thoughts had imprinted on Angie, how her mind had taken his influence and incorporated it in the only way she could. As the flow of information slowed and stopped, Thomas reached out mentally to Angie, testing what he had just learned.

Thomas found her thoughts, and began to scan through them, trying to see what he had done to her, and if he could correct it. Angie, I want you to think back to before you met me, and show me what your life was like. The images that Thomas began to see from Angie's thoughts were ones of devotion and submission, being a servant to a shadowy, imposing figure of power, being used for the sexual gratification of another and finding joy in that use. He wasn't positive, but Thomas believed that these represented fantasies that Angie had held, and when he began to meddle with her thoughts in his inexperienced fashion, Angie's mind incorporated these fantasies into the instructions he gave her. At least that explains why she made the leap to calling me Master.

Thomas withdrew his thoughts from Angie, and looked at Mr. Browne. "Are you telling me, Alex, that this is permanent for her?

Coming Into His Own Ch. 06
byPhantomOp©

AUTHOR'S NOTE: Választott awakened.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality.

Permission to distribute this work is granted provided that it is redistributed in its unaltered entirety, no fee is charged, and proper attribution is given as to author and original location of posting. Failure to comply with any or all of the requirements constitutes copyright infringement.

NOTE: This chapter is more plot development, and not as much heat. Don't worry, Thomas is not going to become celibate, but this was a necessary step to advance the story.

Coming Into His Own, Chapter 6

Copyright (c) 2013 by PhantomOp

Thomas looked around at the manor house, scarcely believing that it belonged to him. After the day's meeting at Browne, Holt, Banks and Simmons had finished, Harry escorted Thomas and Angie to the limousine, and gave the chauffeur directions to the home that was one part of the inheritance. Harry turned to Thomas, and said, "I'll be along directly, Mr. Crawford. I am just going to settle the account at the hotel and gather your luggage and effects."

As Thomas walked through the library, he gently tossed the ring and caught it in the palm of his hand, turning it and looking at the seal. Grandpa, I wish you were here to help me deal with all these changes. I don't even feel like my life is ever going to be the same. I wish I didn't have to adjust to everything all at once. Thomas shook his head, trying to dislodge those thoughts. "No point in getting all depressed about how things are, buddy -- it won't change a thing," he said to himself softly.

Thomas picked up a book from one of the shelves at random, and looked at the title on the spine: Essays On Freedom And Power. Opening the book, he paged through several chapters, until his eyes fell across a phrase that speared directly into Thomas' soul. "Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men, even when they exercise influence and not authority...." Thomas snapped the book closed, and turning it over in his hands, saw that the author was none other than Lord Acton. From the very beginning of my learning about these abilities, those words have haunted me. I'm not a bad man, am I? I can't tell any more. I just know that this power to influence others makes me feel like I am well on the path to corruption.

Placing the book back on the shelf, Thomas left the library and went to find something to drink. As he made his way through the house, he realized he had no idea where the kitchen was, let alone anything other than the entry and the library. Lost in thought as he explored the house, Thomas was startled when he nearly tripped over the maid. She was dusting the table in the main hallway, when Thomas bumped into her and snapped himself out of his introspective mood. "I'm so sorry, miss, I was not paying attention to where I was going," he said.

"Oh, Sir, it is I that should apologize. I was supposed to have the house hoovered and sorted before you arrived! I'll be finished in a tick and be out of your way."

Thomas smiled at the maid. "No worries, miss, I was just trying to find the kitchen. I haven't eaten anything since lunch, and I thought I'd see if there's anything I can throw together."

The maid seemed a bit surprised to hear this. "You needn't worry with fixing anything, Sir. If you're a bit peckish, I'm sure that Kieran will be happy to fix something. He is rather territorial about -his- kitchen." Her face grew red as she realized what she had just said to Thomas. "I mean... umm... well, he thinks it's his kitchen, even though it really is yours, and you have every right to go...." Her voice trailed off as she began to feel like she was making a fool of herself. "Sir, please forgive me, I did not mean to be cheeky with you. I'm just not used to anyone but the staff being around, and so I spoke without thinking!"

Thomas decided this was a good time to practice using some of the things that Mr. Browne had shared with him at the meeting. Closing his eyes briefly, he tuned in on the woman's thoughts, wanting to learn about her, as well as test how well he could control his abilities. In a moment, he heard her thoughts as clearly as if she was speaking. Nice going, Allie, making a proper fool of yourself to the new owner. Don't be surprised if you're sacked before the day is out at this rate. And what a pity it would be, too, between this being a good job and him so easy on the eyes. He looks a lot like his grandfather. I sure miss him, he was such a nice man.

Thomas withdrew his awareness from her thoughts and struggled with his own for a bit. She actually knew Grandpa. I don't know whether to be happy to meet someone that can tell me more about him, or jealous of the fact that she got to have time with him and I didn't. He then reached out mentally and tapped into her thoughts again.

--have to be sure to tell Kieran and the others that the new owner has arrived, so they don't blunder about like I did. It's a good thing the new owner isn't like Ethan, or he'd already know what a twit I've been just by skimming my thoughts. Oh, gods, what if he IS like his grandfather? Sir, are you already in here, reading me? Thomas detected a note of panic in her thoughts, and felt guilty about his intrusion. As calmly as he was able, Thomas projected his thoughts to the maid. Yes, Allie, and I am sorry that I did not say something earlier. You have not been a 'proper fool', nor are you in any immediate danger of being sacked. I have only newly been awakened to the range of these abilities I inherited, and was testing them on you. Please forgive my intrusion. With that, Thomas broke his mental link to the maid and asked, "Would you show me the way to the kitchen, please?"

Alicia smiled nervously at him as she started walking down the hallway. "It's just down this wing, Sir, if you will follow me." She did her best to remain calm and collected, given that she had just had such a large shock. "Kieran should have something ready, as afternoon tea is usually ready about half-four. Will the lady be joining you, Sir?"

Thomas realized that he hadn't seen Angie for a while, then remembered that she had said she was tired, and wanted to take a short nap. "Allie, if you would check in on her I would appreciate it. If she has awakened from her nap, then ask her to join me. Otherwise, let her rest -- it's been a long day for her."

"Very good, Sir. Here is the dining area, and as I suspected, Kieran has already laid out sandwiches and tea. If you will excuse me, I shall go see if the lady is ready to join you." With that, Alicia turned and walked back the way they had come, the quiet clicking of her shoes on the marble fading as she got further away. Thomas picked up a plate from the buffet table, and began filling it with sandwiches and fruit. As he turned to seat himself at the table, a booming voice rang out, "Beggin' yer pardon, boyo, but it's common practice around here to wait until the lord of the manor arrives before tucking into the food." Thomas, who by this point was becoming a bit shaky and irritable from being so hungry, set down his plate and turned to face the owner of that voice with the intent of tearing into him verbally. As he looked, Thomas saw the man's face go pale, and his mouth started working like a fish removed from water. "Well, if you aren't just the spitting image of Mr. Ethan! I'm so sorry, boyo, I had no idea you were to be here this early. I mistook you for... one of the lads what was to help get the place ready for you."

Thomas sat down, keeping his eyes on the older man as he began to eat, his hunger winning out over sense of decorum. Kieran chuckled for a moment, then fixed his own plate and joined Thomas at the table. "Boyo, you look like you've survived on naught but rat packs the way you're wolfing that down. I know my cooking is good, but go easy, or you'll get sick. Perhaps you'd care for a cuppa?"

Thomas looked at Kieran quizzically. "A cup of what?"

Kieran rolled his eyes, then gazed upwards in supplication. "Please show mercy to a poor, unenlightened barbarian, Saint Earl of Grey. Do not strike the boyo dead for his unintentional disrespect for the trappings of true civilisation; instead, guide him to an awareness of the sanctity of the beverage what bears your name." Kieran then turned to look at Thomas, favoring him with a sly wink. "Perhaps that will appease the saints enough that you can learn to drink tea like a proper gentleman, instead of consuming the rubbish most of today's generation call 'energy drinks'."

Thomas watched as Kieran poured a cup of tea, added milk and sugar to it, and after stirring it, placed it on the table in front of the young man. Encouraged by Kieran's studied gaze, Thomas picked up the cup, blowing on the liquid a bit to cool it, then took a sip. While it was quite a bit different than the coffeehouse drinks he was accustomed to, Thomas found that he quite enjoyed the taste of the beverage.

"Ah, there we go! I'll make a proper gent out of you yet, mark my words." Kieran laughed as he prepared his own tea. "And to think you bloody gits dumped bales of this ambrosial substance into the ocean. Now, boyo, where's that pretty lass what accompanied you here? I caught a glimpse of her when she first came in, and I would wager she's likely to be almost as hungry as you, though I'm sure quite a bit more delicate about her manners. Probably easier on the eyes than you, too."

Thomas finished the mouthful of sandwich before replying. "She went upstairs to take a nap. I hadn't planned to wake her; I thought it would be best to let her sleep until she woke on her own." Kieran shrugged acceptance, then took a bite of his own sandwich. Thomas extended his thoughts towards Kieran, wondering what he would learn.

--seems a nice enough lad. I wonder if he's as smart as his grandfather said he was. Now there was a man's man! And a real shark in business, too -- always seemed to have this instinct about the best deals to make, the best way to influence others. Thomas smiled to himself, knowing that it was more than instincts, as well as coming to the realization that apparently not everyone in Ethan's orbit knew about his abilities. He resumed eavesdropping on the man's thoughts. --doesn't want to make too many changes to the staff here. Some of these folks are more like family than co-workers. Hell, one of them is family. I suppose the lad needs to know about that, too.

Kieran took a long sip of his tea, and studied Thomas for a moment. "Well, boyo, I should probably give you a little background on the rabble we refer to as the staff around here. To start, there's yours truly, Kieran Briggs. I've been the cook here for almost 25 years. Before that, I served with the Royal Marines. Beggin' yer pardon once again, as I know the manor is yours, but the kitchen is mine. As long as we come to that understanding, I can assure you that excellent victuals will flow forth from it regularly.

"Next we have Cueball -- or Dominic Marsden, as he had the misfortune of being named. He's an all right sort, though he's as vain as the day is long, can't drive worth a damn, and thinks the sun rises and sets on the arses of the almighty SAS, even though one out of three of those blokes is a bleedin' knob jockey, and the other two SAS chaps I know are straight, so take your guesses about Cueball."

A new voice chimed in. "Don't believe a word that alcoholic, washed-up scullery maid tells you, sir. I'll have you know that only one in four of us are knob jockeys. Dominic at your service, sir, or Dom to my friends, and to you as well, sir, if you like. I let the old man here call me Cueball, because he's just too thick to remember anything else. It's been my privilege to be Mr. Ethan's driver and occasional bodyguard, and I hope to provide the same services to you." Dom grabbed a plate of sandwiches and joined the two men at the table.

Thomas saw from the exchange that the two men had a friendly rivalry, and relaxed more as he listened to the banter between the two men. Although the manor and its staff were all new to him, it all felt quite comfortable. Thomas wondered what his life might have been like had he actually grown up knowing his grandfather, and thought that he would have enjoyed it here very much.

Kieran continued his listing of the staff. "You already met Alicia, who has been here even longer than I have. She's a sweet lady, and not only works as the maid, but has also helped Mr. Ethan find and obtain most of the books in his library. Your father, God rest his soul, loved her very much. It broke her heart when Jonathan stormed out on Mr. Ethan the day he left. If they hadn't been so much like brother and sister, we'd all have expected that they would one day get married.

"Next is Brandon Lucas, our groundskeeper. He generally runs the day-to-day operations here, maintenance and purchasing, payroll and interviewing. A good man -- you can't miss him, he's tall and ginger-headed. Runs the place like a proper squad should be run. Anything needs looking after, he's the man to see."

As Kieran was speaking, a young man about Thomas' age entered the room and began filling a plate. Kieran nodded at the new arrival and said to Thomas, "I was wondering when the little bastard would be making his appearance. This strapping lad is our mechanic, and a finer one I've not seen. He was born Robert Higgins, but those of us what have known him all his life just call him the little bastard."

Thomas looked the young man over, wondering why anyone would permit themselves to be called a bastard. He found the term somewhat offensive, and seemed surprised that Robert showed no hostility towards the appellation. Kieran continued, "Robert really is a bastard, you know. Alicia was young when she had him, and he's grown up around the place. Mr. Ethan was a good man, and wanted to help Alicia give the lad have a good chance in life, so he helped see that the little bastard got a good education, and helped him become whatever he wanted to be. The lad always had a thing for cars and taking things apart, so Mr. Ethan pulled a few strings for training, and Bob's yer uncle, the little bastard became a mechanic."

Robert favored Thomas with a studying gaze. "So, what's your vehicular poison?"

Thomas pondered for a moment, then said, "Well, for sports cars, nothing beats a Mustang. Otherwise, I'd have to go with an Escalade for comfort."

Robert clutched at his chest as though in the grip of a heart attack. "Do you believe this, Kieran? The heathen knows nothing about true refinement and automotive excellence! I'll take a Range Rover any day over an Escalade, and you haven't known the thrill of driving until you've been in the cockpit of a Lotus Evora S. Bloody Yanks know fuck-all about decent motorcars." Robert winked at Thomas to show that it was all good-natured ribbing.

"Robert Connor Higgins! Your father would have had a fit if he heard you talking that way at his table." Alicia's eyes flashed with a hint of irritation as she joined the group for tea.

"Sorry, Mum."

Thomas sprayed the mouthful of tea he had been drinking, and started to choke a bit.

Kieran slapped him on the back a couple times to help him start breathing properly. "Like I said, Bob's yer uncle. I guess I forgot to mention that Alicia's yer aunt. Well, technically great-aunt."

"Shut your gob, Kieran! You make me sound old!" Alicia sputtered.

*****

Thomas sat in the library, drink in hand, thinking about what he had learned at tea. He began to wonder if the reason for Jonathan's fight with Ethan, and departure to the States, had anything to do with Alicia. Kieran had said that Jonathan was in love with her. As he sat deep in thought, Alicia entered the library. "Master Thomas, I know that learning about me and my son has been a lot to take in. I'm sure that you have questions about your grandfather and your father, and I would like to help answer any that I am able to answer."

"Yes, I do have a lot of questions. So many, in fact, that I almost don't know where to begin asking. I want to learn more about my grandfather. I want to know what happened with my father, and why the two of them fought. I just want to learn everything I can, so I can try to make some sense of what I have become, and where I should go from here."

"Master Thomas, perhaps it would be easier if you were to skim my thoughts, as you were doing earlier, and I can share my memories with you of Ethan, Jonathan, and everything else."

Thomas considered this, and realized he would probably be able to learn more in a shorter time by sharing her memories. He nodded, then sat back in the chair, relaxed, and extended his thoughts, tapping into Alicia's memories. I'm here, Alicia. Please show me.

A flood of memories began to wash over Thomas. Through them all, he could hear Alicia's voice, narrating the events. I grew up at the manor. My mother was the maid here when Ethan and Jonathan first moved here. There were very few children around, so having someone close to my age was great fun for me. With his father often very immersed in his work, Jonathan often spent time around the staff quarters, becoming friendly with Kieran, and learning about the history of the manor from the groundskeeper. I told Jonathan one day about a tree fort that was back in the woods a bit, and he insisted that I show it to him. We would often play games on the grounds, until Mother would call out that supper was ready at the manor house. Jonathan and I quickly became inseparable, and most of the staff took to calling us brother and sister. I enjoyed that pleasant fiction, but I learned over the years that Jonathan felt more than a brotherly love for me.

Ethan tried to get Jonathan to learn more about his abilities, but Jonathan did not put any stock in things he couldn't see or measure for himself. He was a very practical person, and anything that had the feel of the supernatural did not fit into Jonathan's world view. On Jonathan's eighteenth birthday, Ethan handed him the ring you now possess, and told him it was time to put away his childish arguments and learn about his birthright. Jonathan got angry, and threw the ring at his father, shouting that he would not become a freak in anyone's sideshow. Ethan's heart was hurt by his son's words. The father could feel his son slipping away from him.

The final straw that drove the two of them apart was when Jonathan learned that his father had become intimate with me. Jonathan did not want to hear that I had pursued Ethan as much as he pursued me, that I had fallen for him, and chose to become his. Jonathan's last words to his father were angry and hurtful. He said that he didn't know what bothered him more, learning that his father was fucking his "sister", or learning that his father had stolen his first love. With those words, Jonathan packed his things and left. Within a month he had transferred to his company's New York office, and within two months after that, he had met, courted and married your mother.

I can't really say that it was a true courtship, because it was the one and only time that Jonathan ever used his abilities, albeit unknowingly. Julie Andover became so tightly bound to him, that they were nearly inseparable. The courtship and wedding between Jonathan Scott Crawford and Julia Allison Andover was as rapid and powerful as a tsunami, sweeping away things in Jonathan's past and leaving him a new landscape upon which he hoped to build his life away from Ethan.

Thomas rubbed his temples as he sat back and tried to absorb everything he had just learned. While it explained why he had never really known his grandfather, it didn't make Thomas feel any better. If anything, it caused Thomas to resent his father just a bit. He was slightly angry that his father's stand on the abilities that Thomas now possessed not only caused a rift in the family, but very likely got Jonathan killed in the accident. If Dad had accepted his abilities, he would have sensed that train coming instead of getting blind-sided by it. Hell, if he had accepted them, there would never have been a split between him and Grandpa. Then again, if he had accepted his abilities, he'd have never met Mom.

Coming Into His Own Ch. 06
byPhantomOp©

Alicia sat quietly, her hands folded in her lap, as she watched Thomas. "Master Thomas, I am sorry if I brought you hurt by showing you the past. I had only hoped to give you a better sense of your grandfather, and help you connect with him in some way. I never intended to cause you any emotional pain."

Thomas looked up at Alicia and smiled softly at her. "I know that you wanted me to learn more, and for that I thank you. It's going to take me a while to process everything, so if you will excuse me, I think I'll head upstairs and check on Angie." With that, Thomas stood and walked out, heading towards the stairway. Just as he reached the foot of the stairs, he looked up, and came to a complete stop. Angie stood at the top of the stairs, wearing a simple cotton nightgown, and a leather choker around her neck. Only, as he looked more closely, he realized it was not a choker, but a collar.

"Master, I had the best nap, and the most amazing dreams! This sweet older man came to me in my dream, and told me that he expected me to my very best to take care of my Master. He said that you would have many things to deal with in the coming days, and that you would need me to help you. I told him I didn't know how to help you, but he said I would know what to do when the time came. He said he had a gift for me, and just as he placed it in my hands, I woke up. I was so surprised to feel this necklace on my neck when I awakened. Do you think this is what he was giving me?"

