
Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index |   Bottom
Chapter 1
Posted: September 16, 2015 - 09:57:09 pm
Updated: September 18, 2015 - 07:26:21 am

James Anderson had been a happy child, always smiling and, for the most part, making those around him smile as well. He never went through that colicky phase that some babies were prone to and, other than the normal feedings and occasional dirty diaper issues, manage to sleep through the night from the very start.

This, of course, endeared him to his mother, and her good moods endeared him to his father as well. There was always a smile on his chubby little face, and even the most cynical of his parents friends thought him just the most wonderful baby they had ever met.

As a toddler, he never went through the "Mine!" phase, sharing his toys with anyone who would play with him. As he entered kindergarten, he quickly became the darling of the teachers there as well.

He was a quiet child, and it usually took people quite a while to realize that he almost never spoke. Oh, he could speak, and fairly well, though he wasn't any more advanced than his class mates, he just seemed content to let others babble on while he listened.

As he progressed through elementary school, he never lacked for playmates, but his parents began to notice that he didn't have a best friend and, in fact, had very few playmates that were good friends. He was friendly to everyone, seemed to know just want to say or do to get people to like him, but he didn't seem particularly concerned about getting close to any of them.

His parents spent many an hour discussing this, even going so far as to have him talk to a child therapist. When the therapist told them that the boy seemed well adjusted, they decided to leave well enough alone.

James, for one, was relieved. You see, James was quite a bit brighter than he let on, having learned at a very young age that if he showed others, some would be unhappy with him. It was much easier to just go along to get along.

Getting along was very important to James, because he could always tell when others were unhappy, or angry, or a host of other emotional states that were not conducive to a calm existence.

James was an empath. He didn't know this, of course, not from the beginning. He was a child after all. He knew, after several aborted attempts to explain how he knew what someone was feeling, that others thought it simply a harmless childhood fantasy. The one teacher who he had almost managed to convince had become nervous, afraid whenever he was around and it took the rest of the school year to convince her that it had all been a bit of a lark.

When James entered High School in the United States, well, that is where this story properly begins.

"Well, this is going to be a proper pain in the arse." James thought to himself, keeping his face expressionless as he watched the horde of students filing inside when the first bell rang. He had never attended a school with so many students and his uncanny ability read the emotions of people around him became problematic when in large crowds. His recent headaches were exacerbated by crowds as well, so it was almost guaranteed he would be feeling poorly before the day was done.

Nothing to do but get on with it.

James's parents had moved to the US over the summer, his father taking a position with an American firm with a fairly substantial raise in pay being the lure. The company had also paid to relocate them, finding them a rather larger house than they had owned in Oxford as part of the bargain.

James had been quietly impressed with America thus far. Everything was so big here. The streets, the cars, the buildings and now this monstrously large school. The people he had met seemed to be as nice as those at home, though the accent was taking a bit of getting used to and the food was all odd-tasting. Good, for the most part, but definitely not what he was used to.

The students at the school he was attending numbered almost five thousand, and the building was larger than any school he had seen, including the buildings on the campus at Oxford. It was three stories and covered what would have been about eight square blocks back home. Behind the school were two American football fields, two regular football fields (the Yanks called it soccer), several tennis courts, two baseball fields and an Olympic-sized swimming pool.

When his mum had brought him down to register for classes, he had been astounded at the size of the school building, but literally speechless at the size of the school grounds. Then there had been the folderol about getting the school to recognize the classes he had already taken. They organized education into strict levels here, based mostly, it seemed, on age rather than education level or merit. Quite a change from the charter school he had attended in England.

So many new things to get used to. Ah well, soldier on as his father liked to say, though he was not sure exactly why since his father had not, in fact, been a soldier.

Shifting his backpack higher on his shoulder, he consulted the map he had been given and joined the throng of students as they passed into the building. As he worked his way through the crowded hallways, searching for his first period class number, he had occasion to feel thankful that he had insisted on American style clothing. He seemed to blend into the crowd here, a good thing.

His first class was English, and he couldn't help but grin. It should properly be called American, he suspected, as he wasn't all that sure that the Yanks spoke English anymore. He did his best, as he entered the classroom, to block out the emotions of the other students. He was mostly successful, just feeling a general buzz of excitement from the others in class, with a few spikes of anxiety and one really bothersome flow of despair.

Casually looking around as he chose a seat near the middle, but off to the left of center, he opened his 'shields' in an attempt to hone in on the despairing student, but didn't have any real luck, the ambient emotional noise making it difficult to concentrate. Closing his shield up again, he pulled out his book and waited, watching the ebb and flow around him.

When the bell rang again, he heard the door close and looked over his shoulder. The teacher, a rather attractive woman in her late twenties, if he guess correctly, was making her way to the front of the room. She was very pretty, and had a very nice figure, though her clothes appeared to be chosen to disguise that fact. Probably a defense mechanism against the leering eyes of teenage boys like himself.

Well, not exactly like himself, he thought amusedly, and he wasn't exactly leering, just admiring.

"Good morning class, I am Ms. Sommers. This class is English Literature, a precursor course for the English classes you will be taking when you become a senior, and those classes preparing you for college. This semester, we will be studying some of the greatest authors of our time. Next semester, we will focus on creative writing and what makes an author more than a scribe."

Her voice was melodic, James thought, very well modulated and pleasant to the ear. It made you want to listen, a very valuable talent for a teacher. As she introduced herself and described the syllabus, she was pacing around the room, looking over her students as they looked her over in return.

Returning to the front of her class, and leaning up against her desk, she picked up a notebook and began calling the roll. He was the third name called, there being an Charles Aarons and an Amelia Abelard before him, and he raised his hand when called.

"Here." he called out, mimicking the students before him. That went well enough, he thought. I don't want to be called out as a foreigner any sooner than necessary.

He had allowed his attention to wander, assuming she would continue the roll call, but he had been mistaken. When he noticed that almost every eye in the class was on him, he glanced around worriedly before returning his eyes to the teacher. She had obviously asked him something.

"I beg your pardon, Ms. Sommers, I didn't catch that." He said, silently damning himself for not paying attention.

"I asked if you were the new transfer student, but I think we have our answer." she smiled, attempting to make it a joke. Some of the students laughed, a couple smiled, but most just stared at him.

"Ah, yes Ma'am. From Oxford, England." He answered, though he might well have just kept his trap shut, now that he thought of it.

There were a couple of giggles from the rear of the class, and one girl in particular was staring at him, her eyes intent, but not in an unfriendly way.

Ms. Sommers returned to calling the roll, and when she was done, she placed the notebook back on the desk and crossed her arms.

"Today we are going to get to know each other. In addition to being your English Teacher, " James saw her eyes flick to him, the hint of a smile on her face. "I am also your home room advisor. We will be seeing each other twice a day this year. What I would like to do now, is to start at the rear of the class with Mr. Brennan, and have each of you introduce yourselves and list at least one hobby. Mr. Calder, having met you before, I would prefer if you limit your list to half a dozen in the interests of time." She smiled at the boy in question while about half the class laughed at some inside joke.

Great. Yet another thing I didn't consider. Growing up and going to school with my old school mates meant that we all had a common frame of reference. I could, for instance, mention the Cod Cricket incident, and everyone knew without asking that I was referring to Basky Anders's father having a laugh during a cricket match by bowling with a bit of haddock instead of the ball. Here, he had no common frame of reference and would be all the more an outsider for the lack.

"My name is Andrew Brennan and I play baseball." the first student said quickly, then returning to his seat with a relieved look on his face.

"My name is Cecelia Topin and I collect butterflies." a very plain looking girl reported next.

This went on for quite a while before they reached him, with James taking mental notes when one reporting something that might interest him.

"My name is Jim Anderson, and I am trying to learn Spanish." he said.

The process continued through the rest of the class, the only real standout being Joe Calder, who reported that he was "in the band, played classical guitar, and concert piano and collected baseball cards and rode BMX bicycles and..." he was cut off there, to general laughter and sat down with a cheeky grin on his face.

By the time the last student had reported, there were forty-two in all, it was almost time for second period. Glancing at her watch, Ms. Sommers told the class that she wished a two-page report, due the next day, on what they had done over the summer holiday. The groans were almost universal, and Ms. Sommers grinned.

When the bell rang there was a general exodus for the door but, when he stood to join the queue, he found that his way was blocked by the girl who had been so assiduously studying him earlier.

She was very cute, was his first observation. She was about two inches shorter than his five foot, six inch height, and had a nicely developing figure. Her platinum blonde hair and bright blue eyes were striking, as was the grin she had on her face as she held out a hand in the universal "STOP!" manner.

"I'm Zoe, and you are Jim." she said, and he could feel the waves of curiosity practically rolling off her. It was mixed with something ... ah, that was odd. It was mixed with a touch of fear and a touch of longing. How strange.

"I have the weirdest feeling that we are going to be friends. I know we have never met, but I would swear that I know you from somewhere." she said, her head cocked slightly to the side, a puzzled expression on her face.

He nodded to the doorway, now almost clear, and she looked around. She stood aside and, as he went to pass her, she slipped her arm through his and matched his step.

How very extraordinary. Now, in addition to curiosity, she was feeling compassion, as if she was empathizing with his plight as a new student.

They walked through the door together and, after glancing at the map in his hand, he turned left. When she stayed in step with him, he glanced over to see her studying him out of the corner of her eye.

"I have Mathematics next, in room 207." he said, as much to gauge her reaction as anything.

"I know." she replied, a grin tugging at the corner of her mouth. When she saw his expression, she relented. "It's right there on your map, silly! I have Physical Science, room 211. You don't mind if I walk with you, do you?"

"Not at all." James did, a little, but because he would be more conspicuous walking down the hall arm in arm with this very attractive girl, not because he objected to her presence. He had intended to keep a very low profile for a while until he better understood the pecking orders.

Zoe kept up a running travelogue of sorts as they walked upstairs and down the hall, pointing out directions to various destinations. The gym, the cafeterias, the library and the activities rooms were just a few. She commented on groups of people as well, pointing out the 'Jock', the 'Society Girls', a group of black-clad Goths and she seemed to know just about everyone, having exchanged waves or greeting with at least thirty students.

When they reached James's classroom, Zoe simply released his arm with a cheerful "See you later!" as she continued onward. James stood and watched her walk away, enjoying that view as much as he had enjoyed the front view. He was a bit nonplussed when she looked back over her shoulder, a grin on her face as if she had known he would be watching, and a cheeky wink.

He saw Zoe again in Home Room just after lunch, of course, and was not surprised when she grabbed the desk next to his. When Ms. Sommers called the class to order, the rest of the students pulled out various books and began working.

Not sure what he was supposed to be doing, he looked to Zoe who was more than happy to explain that Home Room was a period where they could work on projects, on home work, go to the library, see a counselor an things of that nature. They could, it seems, chat during class, but Ms. Sommers was quick to inform several groups that any talking should be done at low volume, and only about class work. Gossip was not a course on the syllabus. Shrugging, he started in on his Mathematics assignment.

It turned out that Zoe was in three of his classes. English, of course, and home room, but also in his last period class, Introductory Spanish language as well. His prediction, vis-a-vis his impending headache, was right on the money. By the time he was walking to his final class of the day, his head was pounding. The crush of people, the unstoppable waves of emotion that had rolled over him all day long had taken its toll.

He stopped by his locker to exchange his Geography text for his Spanish text, and, as he was about to close the locker door he felt a great weight slamming him into the metal lockers. He was shocked, as much by his failure to read any warning before the push as he was by the attack itself.

The student who had shoved him hadn't done so because of some personal animus towards him, but as a sort of banal, target-of-opportunity brutality. He hadn't detected any anger before it happened because there hadn't been any, and only a low level enjoyment of the event afterward. The student, a much larger boy wearing a football jacket, simply sneered at him as he and his friends continued walking. James stared after them, watching as they pushed and shoved their way down the hallway, not letting anyone get in their way.

He had run in to the type before, and he had a long-standing plan to simply avoid their type once identified. In an odd way, he preferred emotionally stunted people like that, at least as long as he could avoid them, as their emotions rarely impinged on him unless they were angry.

He was a bit embarrassed that other students were looking at him, sitting there on the floor, so he scrambled to his feet and almost ran head-first into Zoe.

"Don't worry about those guys, they are assholes to everyone. I doubt they even saw you, not as a person." Zoe said cheerfully as she brushed a bit of dust off of his shirt.

"There seem to be some of that type in every school." James agreed, his face a bit red.

"So, Spanish next?" Zoe asked, either oblivious about his embarrassment or simply ignoring it, not wanting to make it worse. In either case, James was glad for a change of topic.

"Ah, yes. You as well?"

Zoe just smiled and slipped her arm through his again, leading him off down the corridor.

The noise level, in both auditory and emotional volume, seemed to explode when the last bell rang. James, almost overwhelmed, lay his forehead on the cool desk and tried to block it all out.

He had developed what he called his shields over time, learning to partially shut out the constant impinging emotions of the people around him. There had been a time, when he was in lower level classes, when he thought he was going to go stark raving bonkers. But, through a lot of hard work and, frankly, desperation, he managed to work out a way to simply ignore most of it, focusing on one person at a time, or focusing his mind on one favorite topic to the exclusion of all others.

At times like this, with extended, overwhelming exposure, the shields were overwhelmed and it felt as though he was suffocating, his head pounding and his skin clammy. Nausea sent waves through him as well, making him feel even worse. He needed to work on his defenses if this was how the first day of school had bothered him, and he needed to start straight away.

He felt a hand on his back and turned his head to the side, just enough to crack his eyes open and see who it was. Zoe, of course.

"Are you ok?" she asked, concern in her voice and a low-level panic in her emotional state. "Should I tell the teacher? Call the nurse?"

"I'm ok, Zoe. I just have a headache and the noise makes it worse. It will be better as soon as the rest of this lot clear out." James hated displaying weakness, or anything really, in front of others. He was, by training if nothing else, a taciturn youngster. The emotions of others had a sharpness out of proportion to their actual depth when they were directed at him, so he preferred to be a wallflower, a non-entity if at all possible.

When James had realized that he could tell when others were happy (a warm, cheerful glow), he tried his best to keep them that way. Happy feelings like love, contentment, pleasure, satisfaction and so on, were all comfortable, warm waves and it was enjoyable even when people were present in large numbers. Other feelings like anxiety, worry and sadness left him feeling distinctly uncomfortable, like they were attempting to swamp his own emotions. Feelings like anger, hate, pain ... these he wanted to avoid if at all possible. Those feelings caused James actual pain, low level pain, but sharp jagged stabs to his nervous system.

Zoe remained crouched by James until the class was empty, her hand companionably on his back, making small circles. James didn't have the nerve to tell her that it wasn't helping, fearing that her disappointment would be sharper than her concern and curiosity.

Recovering enough to gather his belongings, he smiled at Zoe and thanked her for her concern.

Zoe, not looking convinced, obviously decided not to push the issue and, instead, changed the topic.

"What are you doing after? Some of us are going to grab a soda and hang out at the park, talk about the teachers and stuff. Want to come? I can introduce you to my friends."

"Ah, that sounds like fun, but my mother has been a bit anxious about the new school, the new educational system and so on. I quite expect that she will be waiting for a full report. Thank you for the invitation though." James demurred. Zoe was very attractive, and a nice person as well, but until he got a handle on the school and, he grimaced, his damn weak shields, he didn't want to join any cliques. It would be better to fade into the background as always, at least for now.

Zoe looked disappointed, but shrugged her shoulders and slipped her arm back into his as they left the classroom. They parted at the lockers with a cheery "See you tomorrow Jim!" from Zoe, and James stashed his books in his locker. The only assignment left for tomorrow, most teachers being rather lenient the first day, was his essay for English, and he didn't need a book for that.

His freshman year was off to an inauspicious start.

His mother was indeed waiting for him as he arrived home that afternoon. Sitting in the living, she was reading and, when he walked in, set her book aside with smile.

"How was your first day?"

"It was ok, mum. The teachers all seem nice enough, and the kids were, oddly enough, not all that different from the kids back home. No uniforms, of course, and it was really odd to see everyone wearing blue jeans and sports shoes, not to mention more shirts with slogans than I have ever seen before." he replied with a smile.

James had always had a good relationship with his mother. She was a great listener and almost never judged before she had heard all sides of the story. She doted on him, but not in a clingy fashion, and he enjoyed spending time with her, even after he became a teen.

She was turning forty this year, but she looked much younger. A thin, almost spare woman with raven black hair that hung to her waist, she had a ready smile a set of very thick glasses that gave her a perpetually bemused look, as if the entire world amused her. There were a few laugh lines around her mouth, small crow's feet next to her eyes, but from across the room she could easily be taken for a twenty year old student.

James dropped his backpack by the door and took a seat in a recliner. He went through his day, hitting the highlights and describing his teachers. He also told her about Zoe, making her laugh as he described her way of breezily taking command and leading him around as if he were a schnauzer.

"This Zoe sounds like quite the character. Is she pretty?" his mother asked, zeroing in on the one bit he had deliberately left out of the tale.

James shook his head ruefully. He should have known better. His mother had the uncanny knack of finding that little tidbit, that crumb trail of clues and asking exactly the right questions. He wondered, for probably the thousandth time, if she was empathic as well. He hadn't asked, hadn't told anyone since his run in with the child psychologist when he was six, afraid of the possible results.

"She is very pretty. Long platinum blonde hair, the brightest blue eyes and," he felt a little self-conscious at this, "quite a nice figure as well. She just has this way about her that makes you smile. Did I tell you how we met?"

His mother smiled and shook her head.

"She walked up to me and introduced herself by saying "I am Zoe and you are Jim. I have the weirdest feeling that we are going to be friends." It was a bit disconcerting, actually, but in a nice way." he admitted.

"I see." his mother said, grinning at him

"Don't go planning the wedding quite yet." James admonished her, a smile on his face. He knew her!

"Of course not, dear. She sounds quite lovely, but I would have to meet her parents before anything official could be planned." she said, deadpan. Her eyes, however, were twinkling with barely concealed humor.

James just shook his head. "Well, I have an essay due tomorrow so I think I will just get it done straight away." he said, grabbing his backpack and beating a retreat to his room.

His room was at the top of the stairs, and shared a bath with the guest room. The second floor of the house was an addition. The original peaked roof was high enough that somewhere in the house's history, a previous owner had converted the loft space into two spacious rooms, each with seven dormer windows. Three faced the front and three the rear, and each one had a window that faced the side of the house.

The house had originally been a smaller dwelling and the high-peaked roof designed to shed the snow during winter. That itself was an oddity since they were in Santa Barbara, California, a town that had seen snow maybe once in the last hundred years. The lower floor had been expanded, and expanded again until it covered almost four thousand square feet, not counting the garage, but only the center of the structure still had the original peaked roof.

His room was roughly twice the size of the room he had in Oxford, and he had arranged it to keep as much of the floor space open as possible. He liked having the extra room. His queen-sized bed was high off the ground, what would have been the top bunk of a very large bunk bed set, but the lower level was a study desk and storage drawers. He often thought of it as his little cave. He even had lighting under there, some clever LEDs that he could adjust to suite his mood or activity.

Across from the bed, on the far wall overlooking the front yard, his father had hung a large flat-screen television. James had been chuffed, to say the least, when his father had presented it to him the day they moved in to the new house.

"A little gift to make the move more palatable." his father had said with a grin.

The TV was mounted high enough that it was easily viewable from his bed, and his wireless game controller meant that he could lounge and play games in comfort. There was a futon, a sort of half-couch, half-bed placed in front of the television as well, giving him an entertainment area of sorts. The rest of the room was rather spare, only a bureau and a wardroom taking up any real space, with a single exception.

The only other piece of furniture in the room was a big, professional quality drafting table. James had dreams of being and architect when he was older, and loved to sketch building he had seen and to create new ones for scratch.

James dropped his backpack on his desk, stripped out of his school clothes and pulled on a set of trunks. Grabbing the light-weight gloves from where they hung, near his door he headed downstairs to his 'other' room'.

One thing his father and he shared was a love of weight lifting. His father used it to keep in shape, along with racquetball matches with his work mates, but James had taken to the weights like he was born with a barbell in hand.

Thy had converted a spare bedroom on the first level into a weight room. There was a universal gym, a big, steel girder structure with various stations each attached to stacks of iron plates and controlled by cables. There was a free-weight station as well, with four hundred pounds of plates, as well as dumbbells and kettle ball weights.

After spending an hour on the free weights, he was ready for his favorite workout, the bag.

James had a heavy bag, those long, hanging bags you would see in movies about boxers. His old school had one hanging in the gymnasium, and he had found that he really enjoyed putting gloves on and beating the snot out of it. Sometimes, when his head was pounding or he was feeling particularly frustrated over one thing or another, a session with the heavy bag was just the ticket to make him feel better.

He had earned half the money for his first bag, as part of an agreement with his father, when he was eleven. This was his third bag, and the gloves that dangled from the chain holding it up seemed to be calling out to him. It hung in the corner of the room, secured to a specially reinforced truss and backed on two walls by floor to ceiling mirrors.

The gloves he used had minimal padding, just enough over the knuckles to protect the skin, and none elsewhere. They provided plenty of feedback to the wearer when the bag was struck, allowing him to feel the give, the angle and the force of the blow, helping him to adjust as needed.

Stretching his arms, shoulders and back, he bounced in place, trying to clear his mind before taking his first swing. His fellow students, if they could have seen him shirtless and facing the bag, might have been very surprised. James habit of blending in also affected they way he dressed. He wore comfortable, loose fitting clothes that were in mostly neutral colors and always, always long sleeved. Nothing that would cause most people to look at him twice.

What they would see if peeking through the window now was quite different. James loved to work out, to run, to jump and especially his martial arts classes. The heavy bag, however, was his therapy. His frame was heavily muscled for a lad of only sixteen. There was not an ounce of fat on his torso, his abs and pectoral muscles clearly defined. His forearms and biceps, triceps deltoids and lats were all perfectly formed, clearly defined and, when he was sweating, a sheen covering his body, looked as though he was carved from marble.

He cleared his mind, and began sparring with the bag, his punches coming fast and accurate as he danced around his imaginary opponent. His kicks would have been devastating, rocking the bag in wild arcs that he used as if it was an opponent bobbing and weaving. He continued, taking out his frustrations, his tensions, for over an hour before he slowed, taking deep breaths as he began to cool down.

He gazed in the mirrors, flexing and relaxing, his critical eye roaming over his physique, looking for flaws, for weakness. It was his one true vanity, though a secret one, and he doubted even his parents knew about his mania to maintain a perfect body. It was, he supposed, a bit of an obsession, though it was probably a harmless one. He was very careful in his diet, eating healthy was a necessary component of his regime.

For probably the ten thousandth time, he imagined actually using the training he had received, letting his anger loose to smash and humiliate people like that uncaringly vicious idiot at school today. He had never raised his hand in anger to another person, knowing that the pain he caused would come back to him through his empathic senses. Perhaps someday, he thought again, when his shields were strong enough.

Grabbing some light sweat pants, a long-sleeved shirt and his running shoes from his room, he jogged back down the stairs and out the rear of the house, heading for the alley that ran behind the property. Sticking to the alleys until he was at least a mile from his house, he began to run in earnest, wanting to get at least five miles in before he turned towards home. His routine was the same almost every day. He would start off at a comfortable jog until he was far enough away from home. Then he would pick up the pace, continuing to accelerate until he reached a mile-eating lope that would drive all thoughts from his head beyond those required to chose his next step.

He would continue until he had reached his pre-defined target distance, and then he would loop back around, taking a different route, and head towards home at a slower pace, alternating jogging with bursts of speed.

He occasionally saw other kids his age, but he found that they tended to either ignore or just dismiss him as another one of the million 'health nuts' that were so common in Southern California. He had been very glad to see so many other people who ran and exercised here, his running having been something of an oddity for someone his age back in Oxford.

Today, as he began his return trip, his mind was on a commercial he had seen recently. There was a marathon, raising money for some cause or other, but coming up in a couple of months. It was split into two parts, a five kilometer for the casual runners and a twenty-five kilometer run for the serious competitors.

He was toying with the idea of entering the longer run, testing himself against established athletes. He was sure that he could do very well, probably even coming first or placing for his age group, but that wasn't the real target. He wanted to test himself against the real runners, the older people who trained year round and ran for notoriety, to gather sponsors.

He wasn't sure how he would rank among the serious competition, but he was confident he would do well. The trick was to make sure that he wasn't a stand out. If he ran, he would pace the leaders, staying well back but within sight, and he would know at the end of the race how much he had left to give, if he would have pushed harder. He laughed at himself, at his optimism. He was assuming, of course, that he could even keep up.

With a grin, he sprinted the last mile, only slowing when he was a block away, and taking an extra lap around the block to cool down.

He was stretching his calves and hamstrings against a large oak in the front yard when he heard someone calling his name.

"Jim!"

He looked around and spotted Zoe ... of course it was. She was walking with a group of four other girls about her age and they were all still carrying book bags, or in one case just books, and were obviously on their way home after the park meeting Zoe had mentioned.

"Hello Zoe." James smiled, though he was kicking himself mentally for having varied from his routine and not come home through the alleys. He had been thinking about the marathon instead of his route.

Zoe grinned, then wrinkled her nose. "I thought only adult health nuts ran when it is so warm outside. You are soaked!"

"I can either get up in the morning, extra early, or I can run in the evening. I like to sleep so..." he explained, his voice trailing off.

"Jim, this is Doris, Sally, Anna and Denise. We all live on the next block, we grew up together and have been friends since kindergarten!" she explained, pointing to each girl as she introduced them.

Doris was a blonde, but more of a strawberry, and wore braces. She just nodded, seeming a bit shy. James could see that she was uncomfortable with him, but he thought it was because he was new. Sally was a chubby brunette, not fat, but with some extra padding. She had a brilliant smile and the biggest breasts he had seen on a school mate so far. She seemed very outgoing and there was a touch of desire in her aura.

Anna and Denise were twins, almost identical except for their clothing. James was intrigued, never having met female twins before and he was fascinated to see that their emotional aura were very close as well. He had seen the same thing with the set of male twins he had known back in England, but hadn't known if it was just them or, as he was beginning to believe, a trait common to twins in general.

He waved at the girls. "Nice to meet all of you."

"So why are you running at all?" Zoe asked, as if she just couldn't understand why an otherwise normal person would do such a thing.

Temporizing, he told them about the marathon and that he was thinking about running in it. "Just for laughs, you understand. To see if I can do it."

Of the five girls, only Zoe and Sally seemed interested in all, and in Sally's case, the desire he felt from her ratcheted up another notch. She was openly staring at him now, her eyes roaming over his sweaty frame.

The rest of the girls were showing signs of impatience and Zoe relented.

"See you in English!" she called as they continued on their way.

James went back to his stretching and he saw both Zoe and Sally look back at him, Sally smiling and Zoe looking thoughtful.

Christ, he thought, now she knows where I live. It was bound to happen sooner or later, but his carefully laid plans were being torn to shreds by Zoe. She was a menace!

An adorable menace though, he added truthfully.
Chapter 2 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 1 |   Bottom
Chapter 2
Posted: September 18, 2015 - 07:28:49 am

His days settled into a routine over the next few weeks. Up at dawn, calisthenics and a shower before heading to school. Zoe continued to pop up at the most unexpected times of the day, and of course in their three common classes. She had even, how exactly he still wasn't sure, had arranged it so they had the same lunch hour and drew him, inexorably, into her circle of friends.

Her friends were all very nice, he thought, but Zoe was most definitely the point about which all others orbited. She seemed to have an inexhaustible supply of cheerful energy from which the others seemed to draw comfort.

After a couple of weeks, he found that the other students assumed that he and Zoe were dating, though nothing had been said between them to indicate that the subject was even on the table for discussion. It was all quite perplexing.

His days continued to plagued by headaches, his nightly efforts at strengthen his shield coming to naught. He was beginning to hope that he would just get used to the pain, as depressing as that thought was. It wasn't until almost Thanksgiving that something happened to give him hope, and scare the pants off of him at the same time.

He had been at his locker when he heard a disturbance. He scanned the hallway with his eyes and his empathic sense, feeling terror from nearby. Pushing through the students between him and the source, he found a small-framed freshman boy cowering on the floor, blood pouring from his nose. A hulking student, a senior by the look of the patches on his letterman's jacket, was leaning over him, fist cocked to punch him again.

Something snapped in James head. A sharp pain struck him like a needle through his left eye and he found himself rushing forward.

Stepping forward, he slapped the descending fist enough to deflect it into the metal lockers, the resounding crash making everyone jump. As the bully felt the pain of the impact and began retracting his fist, James helped him out by adding to the momentum and spinning the larger student around to face him.

The senior, his face flushed with rage, yelled incoherently and swung his left fist at James, aiming for his nose. There was a lot of power in the swing, but in James mind it was as if it were in slow motion. He could feel the intent, clearer than any emotion he had ever experienced, even before the fist had completed the preparatory clenching.

He simply stepped left and, as the fist slipped by his face with a bare centimeter to spare, James grabbed it and pulled. The bully, now off balance, stumbled forward and straight into the punch James threw. He had cocked his own fist at his hip and, throwing his weight behind it, drove it straight into the solar plexus of the bully.

James was stunned at his own actions, unable to imagine what had come over him. The pain and confusion, not to mention the fury, radiating from his opponent seemed to wash over him without effect. He was able to analyze them clearly, but without discomfort. He found that his own emotions were out there as well, fury being the most evident. His heart was beating faster, his breath shorter and the adrenaline coursing through his body made him feel light as a feather.

The bully collapsed to his knees, his breath whooshing out in a blast, shock and anger on his face. He wasn't done though, trying to wrap both of his big hands around James.

James just grinned and snapped a kick to his chin that whipped the boys head back, his nose seeming to explode with a spray of blood. The bigger boy practically flipped over backwards, his head hitting the floor with a sickening thud.

The sound seemed to bring James down from whatever fugue he had been in, fear that he had killed the boy first in his mind. When the bully moaned and cradled his broken nose in his hands, James drew a big sigh of relief, but his head was still buzzing. There was something odd going on, and he couldn't define what.

He stood over the bully, his anger still boiling and he wished he could put a real fear into the punk, make him afraid enough that he would never try something like that again.

Then the boy started crying. James stood there in shock as tears ran down the bully's face, his eyes wide in terror. It was real terror too, radiating from him in vast waves that blanked out most of the other students in the hall. The bully began scrabbling backwards, still on his butt, until he fetched up against the lockers on the other side of the hall before curling up in a ball, his head buried in his arms.

James looked around and saw shock on almost every face. Some were staring at the bully, some at James, but everyone looked dismayed. Easing his shield down, he sampled the emotions flying around, finding that surprise, pleasure and fear were present in equal amounts, though some real glee at seeing the bully punished and a budding case of hero worship from the bully's original victim was bubbling up behind him.

Closing down as tightly as possible, James just walked away, back to his locker where he gathered his gear. The crowd was loud, people sharing what had happened with students too far away to witness the altercation. The students between James and his locker, however, were silent and they moved out of his way, forming a corridor through which he walked untouched.

He had just reached his locker when Zoe slipped her arm around his waist.

"That was very impressive, Jim." she said, as calmly as if she were discussing what was on the lunch menu.

James looked at her in surprise. He hadn't even sensed her near and had no idea that she had seen the altercation. He blushed.

"I ... I don't know what came over me. I just got so angry. I hate bullies, but I shouldn't have ... I. " he stopped, gathering his thoughts. "I am sorry you had to see that." he finished lamely.

"Oh, I don't know. It was rather ... um ... barbaric? I guess that is as good a word as any, but it will have repercussions." She looked at him, a serious expression on her face. "You will end up in the principal's office, for starters. No escaping that. Your parents will be called. Then there is the rest of the varsity football team, they stick together after all."

"Oh man..." James moaned, burying his face in his hands. "I've really stepped in it, haven't I?"

"You will have plenty of witnesses to support your side, you know. You were protecting a smaller student against a bully. His friends, of course, will tell the principal that he was simply handing out church pamphlets when you attacked him, completely unprovoked." she said, rolling her eyes and grinning. "He has been in trouble before. He has a record, and not a good one, so I think you will be ok on that front. You might want to keep a low profile around the football team though."

"I guess I should go and face the music." James said, his face grave. He wasn't as worried as he might have been, his mind still mulling over the boy's reactions to his, well, his projection? It would do until he could find a better theory, and experiment a bit. He had definitely projected fear into the boy, and as good as it had felt at the moment, it was terrifying in the possible scope.

"Thanks Zoe." James said as he closed his locker. Zoe's emotions were acting like a balm, soothing him. She was genuinely interested in how he was feeling, in his welfare. He could feel her concern, her warm regard, and it was very nice indeed. "You are quite a girl, you know?"

Zoe's nose crinkled, her eyes glittering and her grin irrepressible. "I know." she said, then shocked him by kissing him on the tip of the nose.

James presented himself at the office just a few minutes after the bell had rung, signaling the start of class. He would be marked tardy, but it seemed such a minor infraction compared to what he was about to face.

He told the receptionist why he was there, and the shocked look on her face told him as clearly as the secret thrill that raced through her, that she hadn't yet heard about the fight.

He was still sitting there almost an hour later, feeling more and more miserable, when the Principal bustled in, looking startled at seeing him sitting there.

"I am guessing that you are James Anderson?" she asked, her hands on her ample hips. Principal Meridith Winters was in her fifty's, about fifty pounds overweight and dressed head to toe in black. The only color on her were the strands of gray in her hair and some rather pretty emerald earrings. Her face, at the moment, was stern, but he had seen her in the halls before and when she smiled it turned her from the stern disciplinarian standing in front of him into a cheery grandmother just looking after her grandchildren.

When James nodded, she ushered him into her office and closed the door behind them. Pointing her index finger at the chair in front of her desk, she circled and sat down in her own.

James kept silent as he sat and watched her tap at her computer keyboard, her eyes darting back and forth, probably pulling up his records.

With a sign, she sat back and looked at him for a moment, then gestured as if inviting him to speak.

With a sigh, James told her what had happened, leaving out anything to do with his empathic abilities, of course. He stuck to the facts, trying to leave all emotions out, hiding behind the truth.

"Let me see if I have this straight. You saw a boy, one that is at least a foot taller and probably outweighs you by seventy or eighty pounds, picking on a smaller student. Deciding that the situation called for intervention, and rather than contacting a teacher, you stepped in." Her expression brooked no interruptions, so James kept quiet.

"Then if the tales I am hearing are even close to the truth, you proceeded to beat the snot out of the larger kid and leave him crying on the ground. You didn't say a word, according to witnesses, and they all swear that you weren't even angry, your face a blank. Then you walked away and came here. You realize that this is an extraordinary tale, don't you?"

"I suppose it must be." James admitted, feeling more and more like a fool for ever getting involved.

"I am sorry that you had to wait so long out there, but we had to get the Cullen boy to the nurse. You broke his nose and his wrist."

James felt even worse, tears starting to form in his eyes.

"I had sent for you, of course, and while I was waiting to hear you had been located, I interviewed a dozen witnesses. The funny thing is, only his fellow teammates place the blame on you. The other ten students have formed a solid wall of James Anderson support." Her voice, no longer as cold and calculating, actually sounded warmer at the end.

James looked up from his hands, surprised at the change in tone.

Principal Winters shook her head and sighed. "James, we cannot allow students to brawl in the halls, no matter the provocation. It is absolutely not allowed, and an invitation to anarchy if not punished every single time. As Principal, I am empowered by the school board with certain latitude in enforcing the policies handed down to me."

She rocked back and forth for a minute, her gaze on the far wall. "I think I will need to speak to your parents before deciding on this case. I would have to talk to them in any case, but I want to get a feel for things before I make up my mind. For now, however, you will report to room 120 for in-school detention. You will remain there for the final two periods. Your teachers will be informed and when the final bell rings you will report back here. No stops, no diversions. Straight here, understand?"

"Yes ma'am."

"In the mean time, I will be calling your parents and asking one or both to come to the school to meet with me. If they are able to come right away, I will send someone for you. If not, you will wait here with me until they arrive after school."

James opened up his shield, studying her flow of emotions, and was amazed by how distinct they were. She was impressed, dismayed, and a little sad all at the same time. He didn't sense any disgust or unhappiness directed at him, only at the situation. In fact, it was clear that she admiring him on some level and it made him feel a lot better about the whole mess. He had the feeling she would try to be lenient with him, and he felt as though a huge weight was lifted from his shoulders.

"You are dismissed, James and please, no more fighting?"

"Yes Ma'am. I am sorry I broke the rules. I have never had a fight of any kind before, and certainly never in school. Um, Ma'am, one of my friends told me that the entire football team would be after me now. Do you have any advice?"

She looked surprised, her gaze appraising him anew, and her emotions showing he had gained a point or two. "I suggest you avoid them, Mr. Anderson." she said, a smile tugging at the corners of her lips. "See if you can keep a low profile. I will have a talk with the coach and, of course, the teachers. No matter the provocation, take it to the teachers if you feel you need help, and no altercations in the halls. Clear?"

"Yes Ma'am, thank you ma'am."

He had been in the detention room for only a half hour, trying to read the assigned history chapter, when a runner from the office told the teacher on duty that he was needed. Gathering his belongings, he followed the student runner, his dread growing as he pictured the disappointment on his father's face.

Arriving at the Principal's office, he was shocked to see his mother sitting calmly inside instead of his father. He couldn't remember his mother ever coming to his school, preferring to let his father handle conferences with his teachers as so on. She brought him each year for his registration and, when he was younger, drove him to his first day, but that was always it until the next year.

His footsteps slowed and his empathic senses opened wide, narrowing in on the occupants of the office. His mother was angry, but calm. The Principal was apologetic, a little unsure and not a little annoyed at the whole situation. There was a third person present, a angry, mean-spirited individual. A man, certainly, a dark presence that seemed to chill the office.

When he reached to door, he could see the third person. A middle-aged man in a business suit, a little soft around the middle and with thinning hair, he still had the bulk that hinted at a past athlete gone soft behind a desk. His emotional aura was dark and disturbing, not a happy man at all.

James eyes went to his mother. Her face was calm, but he could tell she was unhappy. Some was directed at him, some at the Principal, but there was real anger directed at the other adult.

"Have a seat by your mother please, Mr. Anderson." Principal Winters directed. "We are waiting for one more person, then we can begin, again." She sounded tired and annoyed.

The balding man wasn't willing to wait, it seemed. "This is the boy who attacked my son? This wimp?" he asked Principal Winters, his fury evident. Then he turned his baleful gaze on James. "What did you do, you little shit, hit him with something when his back was turned? God damned cowardly shit."

My mother shocked all of us, me the most I think, when she shot to her feet, her finger almost touching the man's nose. "One more uncalled for comment of that sort and you can join your son in the nurse's office because I will surely shut your filthy mouth for you." She was so angry that she was shaking and, to James at least, seemed a force of nature, a being of fury and might. He didn't know whether to be afraid or proud!

Principal Winters sat forward in her chair and held up a calming hand. "Please Mrs. Anderson, let's not escalate the situation. As for you, Mr. Cullen, one more remark like that and I will have you ejected from school grounds. I will expel your son for the numerous complaints lodged against him, the numerous violations of the school rules, the code of conduct and the policies against bullying and violence against students. I warned you before that you and your son were walking a thin line." The ice in the Principals voice caused the blood to drain from his face, a grim expression supplanting the anger. He sat there and glared daggers at her, but kept quiet.

Mother, her lips white and her fists clenched, took a deep breath and tried to calm herself. She sat down, not looking at me, but reaching for my hand.

When the outer door opened, the Cullen boy was standing there. A bandage over his nose, both eyes starting to turn black and blue, and a look of abject terror on his face.

"Come in, Mr. Cullen. I am glad you are back from the hospital in time for this conference." Principal Winters said, pointing to a chair on the far side of his father.

Cullen, his eyes on James, sidled around the room towards the chair, his gaze never leaving James'ss face. James, shame at what he had done a cold, hard knot in his belly, tried to duplicate what he had accomplished in the hallway. He concentrated on Cullen, projecting calm, trying to instill a bit of friendliness but leaving a kernel of fear behind. He wasn't sure what actually got through, but he was fascinated to see Cullen relax a bit. Not much, mind you but a bit.

"So. The topic today is fighting in the hallways. This is, of course, against several school policies and there are no exceptions. What we need to decide, together if possible, is how to handle the situation." Turning to Cullen Sr., she continued.

"Assuming that I don't just expel your son for his fifth violation, the punishment will be severe. He has been censured, suspended, probated and even sent to counseling. What is it going to take to get him to stop bullying smaller children, to stop him from getting into fist fights on school grounds?"

"He's a boy, a football player. Aggressiveness is a needed trait for a winner. You can't expect him to be aggressive on the field, winning the state championship just like he did last year, and then just turn it off like that!" Cullen senior said, trying to sound reasonable.

"That championship is the only reason he wasn't expelled last year, Mr. Cullen, but even with several board members being avid football fans, I already have several parents threatening to sue me, the school, the board and the district. My hands are tied here."

James horrified himself by blurting out, "He won't do it again. I ... I don't want to press charges." His mother turned to look at him, her face unreadable.

Principal Winters raised an eyebrow, studying him for a moment, while Cullen Senior just looked shocked.

"Mr. Anderson. You cannot file charges, or withhold charges. This is a school matter, a violation of the rules whether you hold a grudge or not, though it speaks highly of you that you would stand up for him."

Turning back to Cullen senior, "You made a good point earlier. So, to keep from your son having to have one attitude on the field and one in the halls, I am removing him from the football team. He will not play this year. He will spend his home room periods with the school counselor until she is satisfied. His attendance at other school function will depend on his behavior. Any, and I mean ANY violation of the school rules will end in his immediate expulsion."

"You can't do that! I will sue! I will take you, this school and the entire damn system to the cleaners. You can't rob my son of his chance at a college scholarship, ruin his life because of some dust up between boys!" Cullen senior was practically screaming, his face beet red and spittle flecks decorating the blotter on Principal Winter's desk.

"SIT DOWN!." Principal Winter's voice cut through his diatribe like the crack of a whip, stunning him. "You will keep a civil tongue in your head or you will be escorted from the property, your son with you. You have one chance. One. You can do the right thing or you can withdraw your son from this school and see if some other Principal will kowtow to your unreasonable demands."

"Let's go, Paul. This bitch can kiss my ass. We'll see what my lawyer says about all of this." Grabbing his son by the bicep, he dragged him out of the office, slamming the door behind them. His vulgarity laced tirade could be heard for several minutes after he was gone.

"Well. That was ... something." Principal Winters shook herself, trying to release the tension before continuing.

"I am sorry that you had to be present for that. I usually try and work out a truce between feuding student before deciding what, if any, punishment is needed. You should not have been subjected to that ... to Mr. Cullen's vulgarity. Please accept my apologies."

"Not needed." my mother replied, looking as calm and collected as ever. "It is James who should be apologizing. He certainly knows better than to fight in school. He has never done so before and I cannot imagine what made him do so this time. He has always been an even-tempered boy, always got along with others."

"As you can see, some people make an art form out of provocation. As it happens, James already apologized. " She explained what had happened in the hallway, the witness reports and James interview before calling her in"

"As you can see, he was trying to protect a smaller student, and the situation escalated. The other boy struck the first, and the second, blow and all accounts that matter say he was simply defending himself and the other student."

He could feel his mother's eyes on him again, but when he turned to look, she was facing Winters again.

"And his punishment?" She prompted.

"I think a little leniency is indicated." Winters smiled. "I think three days in-school suspension will be enough. James, you will go each morning to the same class you were in earlier. Your teachers will forward assignments to you and you will remain in the classroom, except for bathroom breaks and a supervised lunch, for the whole day. In addition, you will have to study the school handbook, a test to be given on the third day. The idea being, of course, to give you a chance to consider your actions, and to deter you from doing it again."

James nodded, surprised that it was in-school instead of a regular suspension, and his confusion must have shown on his face.

"An in-school suspension is a clerical matter, not entered into the student's record. This means that there is no permanent mark against you. Nothing that can be used against you if, in the future, you violate some other policy, a clean slate. It also will not show on your transcripts once you graduate."

"Thank you. Ma'am."

"If you are comfortable that this is sufficient to your needs, Principal Winters, then I am satisfied. I will, of course, be speaking to James, and to his father, about this outside of school."

James groaned silently, already dreading the scene when he got home. He had never really been in trouble before and expected this to be memorable for that lack.

When they were ushered out of the office, his mother just laid a hand on his arm, and let him lead her through the halls silently. Surprising both of them, there was a small gathering of students on the steps out in front of the school, a trio of teachers standing around as if they had just happened to be there, but obviously keeping an eye on things.

"There he is!" piped a high voice, and a blur of color resolved itself into a small-framed boy. His face was bandaged as well, a small cut on his cheek that curled up one side of his nose. A shiner already forming beneath the eye.

He rushed up the stairs, his hand leading the way. He grasped James's hand and pumped it enthusiastically. "I'm Tim and you were awesome! You kicked that dude's butt like nothing, and I thought for sure he was going to kill me!"

James looked down in confusion for a moment, then realized that this had been the small boy he saw getting bullied. He was about a foot shorter than James was, and might have weighed in at seventy-five pound, so thin he looked almost emaciated.

"Um, you are welcome? I," He paused, sneaking a look at his mother. She was simply looking bemused. "I just got angry. I don't much like bullies." he explained to Tim, his face blushing. James had to strengthen his shields to block out the waves of adoration pouring from the boy, making him blush even more.

When he raised his eyes from Tim, he saw Zoe standing there, a smile on her face. Behind her were her usual cadre of Doris, Sally, Anna and Denise were standing, variously looking shy, bored and excited in the case of Sally.

There were even more students, another dozen, milling around in front of the school. Some just curious, others there because a friend was. There were three football players, their school jackets worn like a uniform, scowling at him from one side.

He locked eyes with the trio, his expression open and interested. He was determined not to show any fear, not to show how nervous they made him.

Zoe stepped forward and gave him a kiss on the cheek, latching on to his arm and turning to face his mother. "Hi Mrs. Anderson, I'm Zoe Stanton." She chirped cheerfully, holding out her hand.

"Ada Anderson, pleased to make your acquaintance, Zoe. James has told me a lot about you." his mother replied, smiling warmly at the girl.

Zoe, for the first time since he met her, blushed. "Our James is quite the hero today, though I expect old Iron Britches in there had something else to say." she said, grinning innocently.

"Ha!" his mother laughed. She actually laughed! "Your Principal Winters is a formidable woman, and quite fair all things considered. I think she might even be amused at your nickname. Now, if you will excuse us, we have to be going. James and I have a lot to discuss. You understand."

"Mrs. Anderson, he really was a hero today. That guy has been terrorizing students since his first day as a freshman. Everyone was afraid of him until James." she said earnestly, holding tight to James's arm.

"Thank you Zoe. You are a good friend." mum said, smiling as we headed towards the car.

The ride home was silent and short. They only lived a half dozen blocks from the school but today they seemed like very long blocks!

Once inside the house, his mum pointed to the couch and chose a chair for herself.

"James, I am not going to give you a big lecture, though I wouldn't presume to speak for your father. I understand that you were trying to do a good thing, and you understand why you got into trouble. So far so good?" she asked.

"Yes Ma'am." James said, his voice subdued.

"I wasn't there, so I can't say if it was right or wrong. I won't say I am happy with the you being involved in fisticuffs with another student, fighting is rarely the right answer. As your mother, I want you to be safe. You can understand that, can't you?"

"Yes Ma'am." he said again.

"Well, considering how I threatened that horrible man in your Principal's office, I can hardly take the high road, so I am done. Just please, try and find other ways to resolve disputes, if at all possible. Now, give us a hug and let me be proud of my lovely son for thrashing that asshole." She giggled and opened her arms.

James felt light laughing as he hugged him mum tightly. "I love you mum!"

"I love you too, son. But I don't even want to have to go back to that horrid place, clear?"

James hesitated, then decided it was as good an opportunity as any. "Why is it, mum, that you have never come to my schools, any of my schools, during the school year? Only for registration and, when I was small, to drive me first day."

"Ah James. I hated school. I feared it. The noise, the crowds, the cliques, the teachers, even the horrid food. It became a phobia for me, one so strong that your grandmother had me schooled at home with tutors from the time I was twelve. I guess I still hate them. " she replied, looking sad.

"Oh mum, I am so sorry that you had to go there today then! I had no idea."

"Quite all right, James. It was about time that I faced my fears. I am not some silly girl anymore and besides, my baby was in trouble. Your father is in court today or I might have chickened out again."

James hugged her again, this time deliberately projecting his love and affection to her, his acceptance and high regard. He felt her relax, almost melting against him, holding him tighter.

"Oh my... " she whispered. He heard her take a deep breath, then she pushed him to arm's length, searching his eyes for something. Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes, and in his head, James felt a flood of love tinged by fear and pain, but the love was pure and the others more like echoes.

"Mum? You..." James was shocked, his head whirling. My mum, she can ... she ... oh my indeed!

"I wondered. I worried and I hoped, I was afraid you would and that you wouldn't. " his mother's voice was a whisper, tears streaming down her face.

"Mom, how did ... you can do it too?" Wonder fought with indignation, and sided with relief to win over.

"Can you tell me about it? Teach me? I have been alone for so long..." His own eyes filled with years of unshed tears. Why hadn't she told him? Why had she acted like she didn't know, let him fight with it, fear it, succumb to it all?

"Baby, listen to me. Hush and listen. I didn't know. I couldn't know. I am not like you. I am not an empath." She wept silently, her eyes begging him to believe her.

"But how?" he asked, confused, desperate to not be so alone.

"Your grandfather was an empath, as was your uncle, my brother James. You were named after him. Oh I have feared and hoped for this day ... ok, let me start over. Come, sit next to me and let me hold you. I have a story to tell."

Her father had been an empath, a very powerful one. While he never mentioned it to outsiders, his wife and children knew. He used his empathic abilities in the service of the British government, working for their foreign service, not as a spy exactly, but as a negotiator with an exemplary record.

She remembered him fondly, playing games with his children. Games like hide and seek, but grandfather would be blindfolded and have to find them without peeking. He would project feelings of love and warmth across the entire house when they visited, making everyone there feel welcome and happy.

Her older brother James had taken after her father, developing his own empathic abilities at an early age, nurtured and trained by his father. He had even followed his father's footsteps, accepting a position with the foreign office straight out of university.

Her father believed that the ability was passed down through the male children, his own father and grandfather having some, though lesser, ability. His power had been the strongest in family history, and James looked as though he might be even stronger.

He was even convinced that Ada, his daughter, was touched by the abilities as well, since it so easily explained her issues with crowds and school. He was a very proud father.

Mother told how devastated she had been when the ministry officials had shown up on the doorstep with news that they had both been killed by a vehicle bomb during negotiations in Lebanon. The family curse. Her own grandfather had died at forty, killed by stranger in a pub. Her great-grandfather died early and violently as well.

When she met, and married James's father many years later, she wondered if, just maybe, the ability would be passed on to her own children. When James was born, she hope and feared for him. Hoped he could give his own family the love and support that her father shared so easily, but fearing the consequences if the government should learn.

"I watched you like a hawk, you know. I was convinced that you could sense the emotions, so you were a lot like me, but maybe a bit more receptive. You were so very responsive as a child to everyone's moods, always making people smile. I finally relaxed, thinking that if you could not use the power to change others, to control others, that the curse would be lifted."

"Now this. I don't know what to say, my beloved baby. I am terrified for you. You must be very careful. You mustn't let anyone know about this. Don't use the power if you can avoid it, be ever so careful if you cannot help yourself. " His mother was beside herself. The fear was real, he could feel it coiling inside of her.

"Mother, I wish I had known. I have been fighting with this for so long, thinking I was going crazy for a while before coming to grips. This ability to project, to change how people feel, that is ... today is the first time I have ever been able to do so. Or..." he thought about it, wondering. "Maybe this is the first time I have ever tried to do it consciously. I desperately wanted that animal to fear me, to be afraid of me and it worked. He was terrified."

"When you filled me with your love and support, it was like my father was home, alive and well. I thought my heart would take flight. Then I realized it was you, you can understand why I am afraid for you, can't you?" His mother looked into his eyes, then hugged her to him again.

"It's ok, mum. I promise to be careful."

"Um, can I ask about Zoe?" his mother said, clearly fearing the answer.

"What? No, mum! I never!" he said, shaking his head. "Wait, do you think she really ... um... " he blushed, and seeing his mother laugh lightened the mood.

"Yes, really. I think she quite fancies you."

That night, after his workout and run, he lay in his bed, his mind churning.

He had the ability to force others to feel how he wanted. What were the limits? Was it like a muscle, the more he worked it the more he would be able to do? Could he effect more than one person at a time? He fell asleep, thinking about marching into the football team's locker room and making them all feel like little Tim had felt yesterday.
Chapter 3 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 2 |   Bottom
Chapter 3
Posted: September 18, 2015 - 07:28:49 am

When he arrived at school the next day, ready to start his in-school detention, Zoe was waiting for him on the front steps. When she saw him walk up, she grinned and ran to him hugging him and giggling.

"So what happened? Is your mother angry? What did your dad say? Are you getting punished?" Zoe seemed to have a thousand questions.

"We talked, no, not much, no..." James said, smiling at her confusion as she tried to link his answers to her spate of questions.

"Awesome!" she yelled, kissing him on the cheek. James could feel her affection towards him, but he was having a hard time sorting out which kind. Did she think of him as a boyfriend? Was he one of those friend-zoned guys who gets to talk with the girl, but never a date? It was driving him a little batty.

He put his hands on Zoe's arm, catching her eye. "Zoe. What are we? I mean, everyone seems to think we are dating, and you kissed me two times yesterday, and again today, but not like a girl kisses a guy she likes. " He stopped talking, closing his eyes for a minute. Why was this so hard? "Zoe, I think you are beautiful. You are smart, and fun to be around, and you make me smile. I would like you to be my girlfriend. Dates, dances, the whole nine yards."

Zoe wasn't smiling, her eyes searching his. She looked down for a moment, and James was sure she was going to let him down, nicely, she did everything nicely, but still.

Looking back up, just a ghost of a smile on her face, she leaned in and pressed her lips to his. James was surprised, but he was more surprised by the surge of emotion he felt from her. Affection, desire, and more than a little fear, though it was more like a fear of the dark, than a fear of a bear, if you know what I mean? Undefined instead of concrete?

James pulled her to him, returning her kiss, and projecting his own affection and desire back to her, followed by a sense of well being, of safety. He could feel her relax into his arms, her lips opening a bit, allowing his tongue to touch the tip of her own.

When they pulled apart, it was Zoe's turn to blush, a bashful look that was so very endearing on her face.

"I have in-school until Friday, but would you like to see a movie or something Friday night? Will you parents allow you to even date?" The idea hadn't occurred to him until now, and he felt foolish.

She crinkled her nose, her index finger tapping against her lip. "Maybe, they let my older sister date a little when she was a sophomore. They will want to meet you, and my dad would probably have to drive us."

"Works for me." James said, projecting confidence that he didn't really feel. He had never had a girlfriend, and his whole wallflower plan was already dead in the water, so why not?

In-school suspension was as boring as he had imagined, and memorizing the student handbook was even worse. Criminey! He had broken a half dozen minor rules already this week, not even counting the fight! No public displays of affection, for instance. Like anyone paid attention to that one! You couldn't count the couples holding hands or making out by the lockers and that was just between classes.

He spent several hours each day making little pushes, using the other students in detention as his test subjects. One annoying twit who loved shooting spitballs and throwing wads of paper whenever the teacher was distracted, he afflicted with a sense of dread. He imagined insects crawling on his skin and pushed that creepy feeling towards him, and then he imagined someone right behind the boy, breathing on his neck.

By lunch the first day, the annoying kid had hunched down in his desk, twitching every now and then, constantly turning to look behind him, flinching at the slightest sound. Before the day was over, James felt bad for him and pushed a feeling of tranquility, a warm, relaxing serenity and was glad to see him smiling, his eyes half closed as he left for the day.

The next day he got to practice for real. One of the football team was in detention for the day, and the jock's first act was to scowl at James, making vague punching motions as he ground his fist into his open palm.

For the jock, James decided on the fantasy he had the other night. He began pushing a sense of grudging respect, similar to how he himself felt towards most of the teachers in school. By the time lunch rolled around, the jock had stopped glaring at him, though he wasn't friendly by any means.

After lunch, James upped the ante and began flooding the boy with a feeling of real respect every time he caught him looking his way. That was followed by a sense of comradeship. Not friends, exactly, but a common ground where they could be friends. By the end of the day, James was ecstatic. The jock, as he left for the day, he stopped by James's desk.

"You know, Cullen really was a dick. Good quarterback but he made the rest of us look bad by being a douche. Take it easy man, see you tomorrow."

When the third day rolled around, he was feeling his oats. Not only was there an unexpected side effect of being in detention, no headaches, his experiments were already paying dividends.

The Jock, whom he know knew as Mike Simms, was joined by two others, one a football player, but junior varsity and the other on the basketball team. When the JV player sneered at James, Simms actually told him to back off. James was as pleased as punch. Not only had his experiment the other day worked, it had continued to work. He had been afraid that the effect would only last a short while once his target was away from him, but it appeared to last longer than he had feared.

He went to work, reinforcing yesterday's effort, then tried something new, a stretch goal of sorts.

Concentrating on both of the new jocks and a third student who seemed completely uninterested in interacting with anyone, he pushed friendliness. He imagined them all being happy, gregarious people. When they did anything that seemed the least bit friendly, he reinforced it by pushing pleasure, contentment.

By the end of the day, the three of them were laughing and joking with just about everyone, making plans to hang out over the weekend. James was dying to know if it would hold that long, and vowed to look them up on Monday to see how it was going.

The final bell rang and James, for once, was the first out of his seat, heading for the door. He had a date tonight! Zoe had met him every morning so they could talk a little, and she had extended an invitation from her parents to dinner tonight.

His own mother was smugly pleased, and said that since his school punishment was over after last bell on Friday, that there was no reason he could not go. She even slipped him forty dollars to pay for the movie and snacks!

He bolted out the door, dropping his bag in his locker and then out the main doors to the school, free!

Zoe was waiting at the bottom of the steps, her crew in tow. He skipped down the stairs and accepted a hug from Zoe, giving her a sound kiss in exchange, before smiling and nodding at the other girls.

Sally was looking a little disgruntled these days, and he could sense a little jealousy from her. He wasn't sure what to do with that, but he made sure to smile at her and even projected a little contentment towards her. When she returned his smile, he grinned, this was fun!

"How was detention? Who was there with you? Who was the teacher?" the questions from the ladies came one after another, no time to actually respond, and James laughed as he held up his free hand.

"One at a time!" earning grins all around. The walk home from school was filled with talk of school in general, gossip about who was dating who, which teachers were cool and things of that nature. By the time they reached his house, he was in a good mood and ready for a relaxing weekend.

Anna, Sally, Denise and Doris kept walking, but slowly so Zoe could catch up as James, his arm around her, pulled her aside.

"You nervous about meeting my parents?" she asked, concerned.

"Not at all. Your parents will love me. They will practically beg me to take you off their hands." he quipped, laughing at her consternation. He was soaking in her aura, always a refreshing feeling. She was such a sweet, straightforward girl. Like the song said, she wore her heart on her sleeve and she didn't care who knows. He had never once felt like there was any deceit in her heart, no anger or jealousy, and he loved how she made him feel when she was around.

"You are something special, you know?" he said, smiling at her and giving her a peck on the tip of her cute button nose.

"Oh?" she asked, coyly, obviously fishing for more, but playfully.

"Indeed! You just make me feel good. You are like a ray of sunshine on a cloudy day. You are a cool breeze when the sun is burning down. You just ... make me smile." he did then, smile that is, and poured out his affection for her.

She laid her head on his chest and tightened her grip. "I was afraid." she said, softly. "When you asked me the other day, I was a little afraid. I saw how sad my sister was when her boyfriend broke up with her, and I saw how sad my mom was after their divorce. She had remarried, but she always gets this little sad looks when she sees the pictures of my dad in my room. I guess I never want to feel that way. So I was scared."

"And now?"

"Still a little scared, but more ... excited, I guess. You make me feel good too. I knew when I first saw you that you were going to be special, but I didn't know how special. Just promise me that I won't ever have to feel like my mom or my sister?" She looked in his eyes, almost pleading.

"Baby, I can't promise you that you will never feel pain, but I can promise that I won't be the reason. Is that enough?"

"It is for me." she said, her smile bright and her eyes dancing. "I even believe you, how very odd!" she laughed. "Now kiss me, I have to run to catch up!"

Picking her up, laughing at her shock at how he did so without even trying, he kissed her soundly and set her back on her feet, giving her a little push.

Zoe took a couple of steps, the paused, looking back at James. Shaking her head, biting her lower lip, James could feel a surge of desire from here and he answer it with his own.

He arrived ten minutes early for his dinner with her parents, wanting to make a good impression. He even wore a short-sleeved, button down shirt for the first time since had arrived in this country. His hiding days were, mostly, behind him now. He wanted to project trust, strength both in body and character. He wanted her parents, her mother and step-father, to like him.

His knock was answered by a girl who could very well have been Zoe, if she had stepped into a time machine and aged six or seven years in the hours since he had seen her last. It had to be Zoe's older sister, though he had thought she was away at college.

She was stunning. The face was very similar, but the years had added a maturity and poise that was startling. Her more mature figure had filled out and she was a knockout, the kind of girl you see in magazines.

When he realized that it had been a minute and he hadn't said a word, he looked up and saw her smiling at him, perfectly aware that he had been looking her over.

"Good evening, I am James Anderson. I am here to see Zoe." he said, remembering his manners.

"You most definitely are, unless there are more cute guys with a British accent running around here these days." she joked, winking at him. Holding out her hand, she continued. "I am Stacy, Zoe's sister. Pleased to meet you!"

James took a chance, bending over slightly at the waist he brought her had to his lips and let them brush lightly over the knuckles. "The pleasure is entirely mine. Zoe told me she hoped to be as pretty as her sister some day, but she didn't tell me how beautiful you really were."

Her eyes opened wide and her lips made a little moue of surprise before smiling brightly. "Oh you are going to be a lot of fun and, unless I miss my guess, a lot of trouble too!" she laughed, gesturing him inside.

Following him, and with a fairly creditable English accent called, "Oh mother, dear sister Zoe had a gentleman caller!" then spoiled the effort a bit by giggling and winking again when he turned to look. He shook his head and walked where directed, into the kitchen.

Zoe's mother was much like her daughters, a very handsome woman, but he could see the old pain in her expression, and could just feel it in her aura. Her emotions were a mix of interest, concern for her daughter and curiosity, both about him and about her older daughter's obvious delight.

"James Anderson, Ma'am. It is ever so kind of you to invite me to dinner." He also kissed Mrs. Stanton's hand, though it had just occurred to him that her name might not be Stanton. He didn't know if Zoe had taken her step-father's name or not! He gave himself a mental kick in the pants for not even asking.

"Well, aren't you the charmer! Maybe I should have sent my children to a British boarding school." she mused, teasing him a bit. He saw Stacy exchange a grin with her mother.

When he saw both of him giving him the once over, he felt very self-conscious. He had deliberately dressed to impress tonight, though, with his mother's advice, had avoided going overboard,

He work some comfortable khaki trousers, a pair of shined loafers and a short-sleeve shirt with a faint pinstripe. Heavily starched, it fit well, though it was a bit snug across his shoulders and chest, it having been a while since he wore it. He had been packing on muscle and his shirt sleeves were a bit strained around his biceps. It was a surprise, when he had dressed, and he had almost changed to a different shirt but his mother had insisted, saying it was just the thing to win a girl's heart and impress a father.

"Well," Stacy said after a moment, "Where were guys that looked like you when I was in high school?" she asked, arching an eyebrow. Before he could stammer a response, her mother cut in. "Please go tell Zoe her friend is here, Stacy, and quit teasing the poor boy!"

Stacy replied with an unrepentant grin and skipped out of the room.

"I can see where Zoe gets her charm, it obviously runs in the family." James mused, watching Stacy leave before looking back at Zoe's mother.

"Hmm ... manners, built like a tank, good looks and a smooth talker. I think I might have to keep a close eye on you." she said, grinning to take the sting out of the remark, but James could see that she was partially serious.

Hoping to change the subject, he decided to take the bull by the horns.

"I apologize if this is in any way insensitive, but I thought I should ask, to avoid possibly causing a greater issue later." He saw her eyebrow raise, an odd look on her face, so he rushed to finish. "Zoe mentioned in passing that you had remarried and, I am embarrassed to admit this, I never thought to ask if she took her step-father's last name."

Her expression cleared and she smiled. "Ah, I can see where that might be confusing. I am now Mrs. Ailene Darcy, my husband is Stewart Darcy. Zoe and Stacy are still Stanton, their father's name. That was very smoothly done, James." she smiled, approval obvious on her face. "Asking a question by making it appear as though you needed help. I think I like you."

"Well, that's too bad, now I will have to find another one to bring home and annoy you." Zoe piped up from the kitchen door, beaming at her mother.

"Hush you, and shame on your leaving this nice young man down here in the clutches of your shameless sister and your aged mother!" her mother replied, grinning just as widely as her daughter.

"Wow, Jim. I knew you had big muscles, but I have never seen you without those baggy shirts you wear to school." Zoe said, advancing into the room and wrapping her hands around his bicep. "Wow!" she said again, squeezing. "Make a muscle!"

James hesitated, his eyes flicking to Zoe's mother, but she was watching too, seemingly as interested in seeing the result. He gave a mental shrug, but felt the blush starting at his hairline.

He curled his wrist, thumb tucked, and bent his arm to just ninety degrees, making the muscles in his forearm and bicep stand out, straining the seams of his shirt sleeve. He didn't dare really flex for fear of ripping the seams.

Zoe gasped, her fingers finding it hard to find a purchase on his bicep. "Oh my god! It's like steel! Mom, feel this!"

"No ... I don't think I will." she said, her voice odd. James extended his senses and felt a rush of attraction but covered by a blanket of embarrassment. He felt another source and his eyes pivoted towards the kitchen door where Stacy now stood. She was unabashedly staring, her desire evident on her face.

Sure that his face was now beet red, he relaxed his arm and then gasped a little when his senses pulled back from Stacy and focused on Zoe. She was ... turned on. She was staring at him, her feelings were pure and unadulterated adoration. There was lust, strong but mostly unformed, more a general desire for more intimacy rather than the very directed pulse of lust he felt from Zoe's sister.

"Can you make a pose? Like Arnold or those body builder guys?" Zoe asked innocently, still running her hands up and down his arm. Her touch was starting to effect him as well, and he had to clamp down on his own lust.

"I'd rather not. This shirt is really just a bit too tight, but I've put on more muscle since I got this and didn't have a shirt that fit looser. Sorry." He said, looking down and feeling a bit out of sorts.

Zoe's mother came to his rescue. "Now Zoe, he's a little shy and he's not a performing bear at the circus!" she laughed, teasing her daughter. James shot her a look of thanks, letting her know he appreciated the help.

"Stew called, he is on his way. He had to stay late, that new engine they just got had some problems." she told her daughters, then turned to James. "Stewart is a captain with the Fire Department. They just got a brand new fire engine and there was a problem with the pump for the water. As you can imagine, a fire truck that can't pump water is about as useful as a doorstop! He'll be here in about twenty minutes, so why don't we have a seat in the living room."

Turning to her youngest, "Zoe, why not find out what James wants to drink? I would love a glass of wine. Stacy?"

"A glass of wine would be great, thanks mom."

The living room had that very comfortable, lived in look. The kind of room that has a dozen family pictures, some vacation knick knacks and the kind of atmosphere that seems to say, "Come in! Kick off your shoes and just relax"

James tried, but found himself sitting on the edge of his chair, answering questions being lobbed by both of the older ladies.

"Where are you from in England, James? How do you like it here so far? Tell us about your parents?"

He described his home in Oxford, told them an abridged version of his story. Zoe sat down next to him, her warm thigh touching his and her shoulder leaning on his just enough to make him feel warm all over.

He described his grandfather, told them about his job as a negotiator for the British foreign service, about his father's job as a barrister, a lawyer.

Zoe's father arrived then and swept into the room like a force of nature. He was a tall man, whipcord strong but not bulky, more of a swimmer's physique. He had a force of personality though that made him seem bigger than life.

After the introductions, and James preliminary scan that showed mostly open friendliness with a father's natural suspicion, he continued where he had left off.

"I like it here in the colonies." he joked, gratified to see the smiles all around. "It seemed quite odd, at first. Everything here is so big. We traveled on the highway for hours and hours, enough to have crossed England and back again, yet we had traveled in a straight line. It is one thing to know, intellectually, the size of something, but to experience it first hand is a different matter all together. But everything here is larger than life. The cars, the buildings, the sports stadiums, even our school. It's massive!"

"Have you tried American beer yet?" Stewart asked, a bit of hidden amusement leaking out.

"No sir, but then I didn't much like the British beer I tried once either, so it wouldn't be like I had a lot to compare." he said, projecting innocence.

Stewart laughed, exchanging smiles with his wife.

"I am guessing that you find the girls here compare favorably?" he asked, obviously teasing James a bit.

James answered with a straight face, going for the laugh. "On the whole. Though some are much nicer." He felt Zoe pushing her shoulder against him and grinned.

"Well, dinner should be ready, why don't we all go into the kitchen?

Dinner went well, enough so that we decided to forego the movie that night, and in exchange Stewart offered to drop then off at the Mall early tomorrow evening so they could hang out for a while with friends before the movie. He would be back to pick them up at Ten PM after the show. A phone call to his parents worked out the details and they all relaxed in the living room again.

They ended up spending a couple of hours just chatting with her parents and her sister. They traded tales of growing up in the US for his stories of England, and Stacy had them all in stitches with some of her stories from college. She was taking a semester off to intern for a lock architectural firm, that being her field of study, and was living at home.

That started a whole other discussion and he was fascinated to learn about the courses Stacy was taken, and they even compared and contrasted their favorite architectural styles and cues while the rest of the family looked on, bemused for the most part.

James found himself relaxing, and having fun, and even took some good natured ribbing about his too-tight shirt, promising to let Zoe pick out a couple of new ones on their trip to the mall the next day. He found that he liked these people, Stacy especially well with her wicked sense of humor. He had to admit, at least to himself, that her obvious attraction to him was a bit of an ego builder, and her love of architecture sure didn't hurt. Well, he told himself, it doesn't hurt to think about. She is twenty-three, gorgeous and way out of my sixteen year old league! Besides, he had Zoe!

When the evening was over and it was time to leave, he found himself alone on the porch with Zoe, her hands in his. He looked down into her eyes and felt himself smiling. "Your parents and your sister are very nice. I had fun tonight."

"Good! I was afraid you would be bored. Oh, and there was this too..." she said, kissing him. A real kiss, the desire driving them together, their lips parted and tongues tasting. When they came up for air, she smiled dreamily at him. "I had hoped for more of that, but there is always tomorrow night!" she said brightly, laying her head on his chest.

He stroked her hair, the scent doing things to him that made him shift his midsection away, not wanting to offend. He was surprised when, against every expectation, she shifted her midsection to follow, pressing it tighter against him.

She wrapped one hand around his neck, drawing his ear down to her mouth. "It feels like every part of you is as hard as steel." she whispered, the tip of her tongue darting into his ear. He growled, and then again when she giggled at the rumble she could feel through his broad chest.

"It's all your fault, you sexy little minx." He pulled her to him again, this time grinding more than his lips against hers.

The flashing porch light made them separate, both looking a little flushed, but both smiling.

Zoe tiptoed, just her lips touching as she kissed him quite chastely, but whispering as she pulled away. "I love you."

James, on a whim, winked slowly, and then raised his right arm, flexing fully, and the sound of the seam splitting sounded as loud as a shot in the night air. Her awed expression as he walked away had been totally worth it.

Home earlier than he had originally planned, he found that his change in plans had interrupted his parents plans.

"James, thanks for calling about your change in plans, now be a good chap and go to your room, would you? Oh, and stay there?" His father was all smiles, but James could read the frustration, and lust, behind his smile. Evidently Mum and dad had their own date night planned.

"Absolutely. I am suddenly exhausted and shall probably fall straight asleep with my headphones on." James grinned at his father, and hustled up stairs.

He couldn't help but peek, so to speak. He extended his senses, and he could feel the love, and the lust, that swirled between his parents. Intellectually, he knew his parents felt the same urges as anyone but, like most children, he never really pictured them doing anything about it.

Tonight, laying in his bed, his headphones on and his secret vice for relaxation playing (Gregorian chant!) he let his senses roam free and witnessed, though second (third?) hand, the emotions of two people in love, making love. It was strangely sensual, but mostly very moving, and he found he was smiling.

As he slipped into the limbo just before you are asleep, he gave a little more effort and his senses extended farther than he had ever thought possible. He could sense boredom from a teen, and lust from another, and anger as two adults argued. He found a baby, asleep but on the verge of waking and a toddler dreaming happy things. He ranged out for what he later guessed was about a mile around his house, experiencing a plethora of emotions, but none of them really touching him.

Waking the next morning, he lay there recalling his excursion last night, and wondered that he hadn't noticed before. Since the fight, he had not had a single headache and his shields were no longer hard pressed to keep everyone out. He also found that the emotions he had been feeling were, not diminished because he felt more sensitive than ever, but effected him less. He was able to remain more objective. Somehow, that episode in the school hallway had awoken something new, gotten him over an unseen obstacle and his sense were gaining strength and clarity.

When he bounced out of bed, full of energy, he decided that an early morning run would be just the thing. He was skipping his workout today, he needed to rest like anyone else, but running was mentally relaxing, and he got some of his best thinking done when out on the road.

He was in a fantastic mood and it took him a bit to analyze why. Mostly, he thought, it was because he had opened up a bit last night. He had worn a short sleeved shirt, allowed his secret obsession to show, and rather than being disgusted, or even disturbed, they had been impressed at his dedication. Even Zoe's father had said he was envious. Then, his parents, the love they shared filled him with, hope? Anticipation? about his new relationship with Zoe.

In any case, he was in a great mood, and feeling like he was planning to streak across the city, he forced himself to go out in just his workout shorts and a muscle shirt he used to keep some of the sweat under control. It wasn't obscene, by any stretch of the imagination, and was a lot more than some runners wore, but because he had spent so long hiding, he felt exposed, but ... it felt exciting, freeing.

He exited the house through the front door and, after mentally chastising himself by scanning to see if his neighbors were watching, he strode purposefully to the big oak and began stretching.

He began slow, as always, until he was warmed up, then began to pick up the pace. The blood pumping through his muscles, the air in his lungs, the cool breeze on his face all felt exhilarating! He picked up the speed, setting a six minute mile pace for a couple of miles, then alternating a five minute miles with a six. He kept this up until he started to feel that familiar burn. Not the one that you get when you are really pumping, but that deeper burn you feel when you start to run out of energy and your body starts to cannibalize itself.

He eased off, setting a slower, jogging pace that he knew, from experience, that he could keep up for hours. He spent most of the return journey just watching people. The world was starting to wake up. Kids were wandering outside, parents with weekend jobs were leaving for work and the city was coming to life. When he found himself only a block away from Zoe's house, he impulsively headed that way, thinking he would just swing past on his way home.

When he got closer, and saw the twins Anna and Denise walking up Zoe's block, he slowed down and arrived at her lawn at about the same the twins did. He slowed to a walk, and watched them watching him. When it finally dawned on them who he was, they froze in their tracks, mouths open.

"Good morning ladies." James said, still panting slightly. He wandered over to a poplar near the sidewalk. "I am not trying to be rude, I assure you, but if I stop without stretching, I will be in fearful trouble later. Cramps, you know." he said, leaning against the tree, stretching first one, then the other calf.

The twins came closer, and watched as he stretched his quads, and then began whispering to each other and he sat and stretched his hamstrings. Just as he was finishing up, Zoe came out.

"Why are you two standing there, I thought you were coming over?" She said, not having seen James sitting on the ground. Wordlessly, they both pointed and Zoe, when she turned to look, began giggling.

"Oh My God. James, what are you doing?"

"What?" James was confused, then realized she hadn't seen him run up. It must look rather odd to find him on the ground outside her house, legs spread wide and his forehead bent to the ground.

"Ah, sorry love. I was out running this morning, was passing by when I saw the ladies, thought I would stop and say hello. I had to stretch out, not doing so would have meant cramps and possibly torn muscles. " He blushed. "Sorry if I embarrassed you."

Zoe dashed over and threw her arms around him, and just as quickly jumped back. "Oooh ... Um, remind me to do that once you have showered. You are soaked with sweat! As for the stretching," she looked at him coyly, "you can do that any time you like, but let me know ahead of time so I can watch!"

That set the twins to giggling, and they set off Zoe. The whole thing was infectious, and before he knew it, the three of them were laughing and smiling at each other.

The twins came closer, obviously fascinated. "So, um, when did this happen?" Anna asked, her hand sweeping him from head to toe.

Zoe, looking smug, said, "If you had ever hugged him like I have, you would have known he was hiding a hard body under those baggy clothes he wears to school." She grinned at them, " though even I didn't know how hard until last night" she added, winking at James.

That set the twins off again, blushing and giggling, though James's blush had nothing to do with theirs.

"Maybe this wasn't the best idea. I think I will head on home now..." James said, feeling a bit more self-conscious.

"Holy shit!"

James spun around, the shocked voice startling him. Stacy was leaning out her bedroom window, her eyes wide. "I'll be right down!"

Now all three of the girls were laughing and Zoe was pulling them closer, urging them to feel his arms.

James, on the other hand, felt as if he couldn't catch his breath.

"I ... I ... really should be going. I need ... um ... chores ... shower..."

Zoe held up her hand, cutting off the chatter from the twins like throwing a switch and caught his chin, forcing his eyes to meet hers.

"Are you ok? You look pale."

"Zoe. I ... Look, I am kinda shy, this is embarrassing. After last night, letting your family see me in that shirt, I felt kinda wild this morning and went running like this. " He pointed to what he was wearing, blushing furiously. "I just, I can't ... I am not used to this." his voice caught, his eyes suspiciously bright.

Zoe gasped, realizing that he had wanted to show her, but now was having a panic attack at so many people looking. He really was as shy as he was acting, and she had thought it a clever act. She felt devastated.

"Oh my god, Jim, I am so sorry, I didn't understand. I was just so impressed, so proud that you were my man, that I was showing you off, not considering your feelings." Tears were leaking from her eyes, her hand stroking his cheek. "Go, go if you need to. I promise not to do this again."

James was beyond touched. He could feel her sincerity, her love and her sorrow at having caused him pain. Suddenly, he could breathe again. It was like her emotions were the perfect match for his, dampening his panic, and making him feel right again.

"Wow. You are amazing. I was ready to faint, or to run into traffic. I was on the edge of panic, I honestly was. But you ... one word, one touch ... Jesus, I love you Zoe." he blurted, projecting his feelings to her in a rush.

Her eyes widened, her breath caught, and she was in his arms, crushing her lips to his. "Oh James, I love you, I love you, I love you!"

The twins had been silent, not hearing most of the whispered discussion between them, but when she threw herself into his arms almost yelling that she loved him, the gasped in unison.

"Um, baby?" James pushed back a bit, blushing again. "The sweat, remember?"

"I don't care." Zoe stated, hanging on to him.

"But baby, " James whispered in her ear. "If you keep doing that, it is going to become obvious to your friends, and your sister when she gets down her, exactly how much I love you too."

"Oh!" she replied, glancing down and blushing furiously. She grinned at him, wagging her eyebrows but stepped back, putting some space between them.

"I think I will need another shower now." she grumped, but winked at James.

Stacy arrived then, wearing a robe and a pair of pink bunny slippers.

That started a whole other round of laughter, but this time James felt better, just holding Zoe's hand was enough.

Stacy, playing the vamp. James could sense real attraction, but mostly just humor, she made a show of walking around him, pretending to take notes.

"The East German judges give you an eight out of ten." she said, frowning down at her imaginary pad, then shrugging.

"EIGHT?" Zoe yelled, looking thoroughly annoyed. "Are they blind? The Austrians gave your last boy toy a seven, and he was nowhere near as hunky as my contestant." She said in a huff, glaring at her sister.

James had to grin at what was, evidently, an ongoing game the two of them played. He looked over at the twins to see them smiling at him, one rolling her eyes and the other pretending to gag.

"Well," Stacy looked haughty. "My contestant was wearing a Speedo..." she continued, suggestively looking James up and down.

"Oh. Um ... eight is acceptable then." Zoe said, blushing furiously.

Stacy, seeing she had won, laughed uproariously and gave her sister a hug. "Damn, I was hoping you would convince him to change! Wait, strike that, I am over eighteen now and ... um ... nope, don't want to know. No way, sister of mine." she said, winking at James.

"If you ladies are quite done taking the mickey out of me, I think I might just go home and find someone who doesn't look at me like I am a side of beef!" he said, his nose in the air. "Rather!" he added, before joining the general laughter.

"I really do need a shower, so I will get going. I was just heading home when I saw the twins, I thought I would ask them to say Hi to you for me. I hadn't intended on joining a block party!"

"Ok sweetheart," Zoe said, grinning and lifting her face for a kiss. "Call me later and I'll let you know what time to come over, ok? The girls are going to meet us at the mall tonight, I thought we could get you some decent clothes so my sister is not leering at you, and have dinner in the food court before the movie."

"Sweetheart? Really? Gak!" Stacy made a face, and ran towards the house before Zoe could catch her. The twins, shaking their heads, waved shyly at him and followed the two girls.
Chapter 4 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 3 |   Bottom
Chapter 4
Posted: September 18, 2015 - 07:28:49 am

When he got home, his mother and father were eating breakfast and called to him when he came in.

His mind on Zoe, he didn't think about how he was dressed and he entered the kitchen. "Morning mum, dad. Sorry about spoiling your date night last night."

"My god son, when did this happen?"

James looked around, not understanding at first, then saw his father staring.

"I know it had been a while since we both worked out together, but ... wow. You are in amazing shape!"

"Oh ... um, yeah, a bit. I've been working out more," he said, stammering. His mother's expression was almost as bad.

"You certainly aren't my little boy any longer, are you?" she mused. "I feel like quite the bad mother, not having noticed how much you have changed. I mean, I saw you getting rid of the baby fat, but I thought that was just, you know, puberty. I should have been more suspicious about your tight shirt last night." She blushed and James had to grin.

He pulled out a chair and sat down, reaching for a glass and the pitcher of juice.

"I started really working out about a year ago last January. I bought this magazine, mostly out of boredom, and it game some basic techniques for building more muscle. Well, one thing led to another and... "he trailed off. "I guess I was worried that you would forbid it, and when hiding became habit, I didn't know how to stop. I began wearing baggy clothes, slouching ... it was mental, really."

"So what changed, son?" his father asked, concerned.

"Oh I know what changed, dear. It called a Zoe." his mother laughed.

James just smiled, blushing again.

"Oh? Oh! I see! So ... when do we get to meet this Zoe?" his father grinned expectantly.

"Didn't I tell you? Oh dear, I met her the other day, jut for a moment. Very pretty girl, the most adorable bright blue eyes and platinum blond hair. James, why don't you invite her over this afternoon? I know you were going to the movies this evening."

"I wanted to talk to you about that, mum. Zoe has, well, she made me decide that hiding was not very healthy, and it doesn't hurt that she likes how I look, for sure. She is so open, so above board and trusting, that I think I actually hurt her feelings not trusting her with this. So, I want to get some new clothes. Something that actually fits."

"Oh thank heaven!" His mum said, a wide grin splitting her face. "I thought it was a fad you would grow out of, those horrible dumpy rags you wear. The magazine all say let them experiment, let them find a style that is comfortable, but I thought I would surely go mad and shred them all if you didn't get tired of them soon!"

James was shocked. He had no idea his mother even thought about his wardrobe, apart from insuring he had clean clothes. "Why didn't you say anything, mum? I never knew you hated it!"

"Darling, I am married to your father, that means I get to choose his clothes for him. Someday, you wife will surely do the same, in the mean time, you are old enough to choose, and it is my job to just shut my gob and hope peer pressure works." She laughed, seeing the sour expression on his face.

"Ok, enough teasing. I think we can work something out." She looked at her husband and they exchanged one of those wordless, almost telepathic conversations that married couples seem to have.

"James, your mother and I were already planning this, but we thought it would be for your birthday next month." He pulled out his wallet, extracted a credit card and handed it to James. "This is intended for approved expenses and emergencies only. No pizza orders for your school, no impulse purchases on the internet. If you want something, ask first. If we approve, we may have you use the credit card. In all other instances, it is for emergencies only, ok?"

"We opened that account as a joint account in all of our names. Since you are a minor, we have the right to cut your card into little pieces if you should abuse it. Right, you get the picture, no more gloom and doom. Tonight, you can use that to buy new clothes, but your limit is, "he paused, looking at his wife.

A shrug, a lifted eyebrow, a quirked lip and negotiations were complete.

"You can spend $500 but not a penny more. If it turns out that you need more later, we can discuss it. Do you have cash for the movie?"

"Wow, that's fantastic, thanks dad, thanks mum! Um, yeah dad, mum gave me money for the movie already." James was grinning, turning the card over in his hand. It even had his name on it. He knew it was intended for emergencies, and he wasn't going to let his parents down, but it was pretty cool to have his own credit card!

"I need a shower, badly, and then I will see if Zoe can come over, ok dad?"

"Sounds good son. Run along now" he replied with a grin.

James ran upstairs, basking in his parents approval. His senses, growing seemingly more powerful by the day, were a joy at times like these.

Zoe came over for lunch, telling her folks that his James parents wanted to meet her too, and promising them she would invite the whole family back next weekend for a barbeque.

James was expecting her and was at the door in a flash when she knocked, greeting her with a big hug and a kiss, though a chaste one since his parents were in the living room.

"Hello beautiful! Your parents were ok with you coming over, obviously." he said, grinning at her.

"They thought it was only fair, after all, since they interrogated you last night." Her grin was just as wide as his, her eyes twinkling. "Besides, I wanted to see your house too. I really wanted to show you my bedroom, but my mother never would have allowed that." She winked, bumping him with her hip as he led her into the house.

"Mum, dad, this is Zoe, my girlfriend." James blushed a bit, realizing that this was the first time he had ever used that term.

Zoe's smile, if anything, got even bigger. "Zoe, this is my father, David and my mum, Ada."

"Hello again, dear. It is good to finally get to spend time with you, though I feel like I know you already. James speaks very highly of you." His mum got up and gave the beaming girl a warm hug.

"I forgot to warn you, my family are huggers." James shrugged.

"I, for one, have been waiting to meet you. You have had quite an impact on our son, a positive one. Anyone who can get him out of his shell is okay in our book." his father said, laying an arm over Zoe's shoulder.

"I am so happy to be here. I knew the day I met James that he was special, and now I see where he gets his charm." She smile up at him. Turning to his mum, she added, "You have a beautiful home, Mrs. Anderson."

"Thank you dear, but please, can you call me Ada? Mrs. Anderson is David's mother, and I like to pretend I am still young."

"I can, Ada, but only when my parents are not around!"

"I am going to give Zoe the tour, alright mum?" James asked, retrieving Zoe from his father.

"Fine dear. Lunch will be ready in half an hour or so. You don't have any dietary restrictions, do you Zoe? Vegetarian? Lactose, anything like that?"

"Oh, no ma'am. I will eat just about anything."

James, his hand in Zoe's, led her through the downstairs, showing her his weight room and explaining the various machines. She was full of questions, pointing to a muscle and asking how he worked to build it, then letting her hand linger on another. It wasn't long before the touches grew longer, the glances hotter. James, afraid that this was about to get even more interesting, kissed her and led her out of the room, smiling at her when she complained that he was a spoilsport. Zoe had been teasing him and he had been enjoying it.

When he asked her if she would like to see his room, her eyes lit up and she nodded enthusiastically.

Taking her by the hand and leading her upstairs, he opened the door to his room and ushered her in. He waited by the door as she wandered through the room, touching here and there, taking it all in. When she paused by the bed, James grinned as she climbed the ladder and laid her hand on the mattress before looking back at him with an arched eyebrow, her eyes bright.

"So, is this were the magic happens? It's a nice, big bed." she asked, the tip of her tongue touching her upper lip. She turned and sat on his bed, dangling her feet over the side and stared down at him.

"Can I ask you a question? A personal question?" she looked almost timid, as if afraid to actually ask what she was thinking.

"Anything." James said, wondering what was on her mind.

"Have you had many girls up here?" Zoe looked determined, but he could feel the fear from her, the uncertainty.

"Baby ... except for my mother, who still does my laundry and delivers it for me to put away, there has never been a female of any age in this room for as long as we have lived her. Not a one."

"Really?"

"Really. You can ask my mum, if you like. She told me the other day that she was beginning to think that I might me gay or even one of those non-sexual people. She was very pleased when I told her about this really pretty girl I had met at school." James said, and he could feel her relief, her belief in him.

"Why would you think otherwise? Did I give you the impression that I was less messed up in the head that you thought?"

"What??" she gasped. "You are not messed up!"

"What would you call having a panic attack because people were looking at me. Look, Zoe, I know I have ... um ... issues. But you, you make them seem like they are so small, like I can do anything. Do you realize that my parents didn't even know I had been working out so much? My mum knew my biceps were bigger, but she didn't hadn't see as much as you did until this morning."

"I was afraid that you were rethinking this, rethinking us." he said, looking at his feet.

He heard a thump as her feet hit the floor. Zoe folded herself into his arms, hugging him tightly.

"Don't you get it? You are a hunk. A handsome, hard-body hunk that any girl at school would love to get their hands on. Even my older sister is teasing me, saying that she would take you for a test ride and give me a full report." She snorted, laughing a bit.

"I am just ... a girl. Not the prettiest, or the smartest or even the ... the best body. I have hardly any boobs and my butt is too small. I just worried that, well, that there were others, that I might be falling for you and you had other options" She sniffled, her eyes bright with unshed tears.

Her emotions were all riled up, love and insecurity and hope all battling it out inside of her, and it made James feel very protective.

He bent down, gathered Zoe in his arms, ignoring her little gasp, and carried her over to the futon. He sat, still cradling her, and lowered her to his lap.

"Zoe, love, I adore you. You have been in my thoughts since the moment I saw you in class that day. When you walked up to me, I thought for sure that you were there to tease me. The prettiest girl in class coming to talk to me?" James was emitting, showing her the love and the desire to protect her, to hold her and keep her safe. "Then you said you thought we were going to be great friends, I thought my heart would explode."

Zoe dried her eyes, looking up at him, then placed a little kiss on the side of his jaw, her hand stroking his neck.

"I love you, you silly girl. I have never even kissed a girl before. Well, since I was about three, that is. She ended up stealing my favorite toy car so I pulled her hair." He laughed.

Zoe felt strangely calmed by the deep rumble in his chest, his strong arms around her. She snuggled closer, laying her head on his shoulder.

"I know I have issues, but something about you makes me feel whole. I don't want anyone else. I don't even want those others looking at me, only you. Ok?" he continued to project love and acceptance, but added something new, trust. Unlike just letting her know what he felt, he actively pushed, sure that her insecurities were keeping her from being really happy.

She nodded, her chin tickling his chest. He felt her relax, her tension melting away and her breathing returning to normal. She sat up, levering herself against his chest so she could see his face.

"I'm sorry. Sometimes I feel like a little girl, but when you hold me, I feel like a woman. Your woman." she leaned in, her eyes closed, and she kissed him, the love an passion flowing into him and reflected back, turning the kiss into a flow, a flood of emotion that left them both breathless.

"James" his mum called from downstairs. "Her parents returned you to us in the same condition we sent you out, we would prefer to return the favor." she said, laughter in her voice. "Lunch is ready anyway, so comb your hair and come down."

"Yes Mum!" James replied with good humor, though it was a couple of minutes, with Zoe sneaking looks and grinning, before he was in any condition to go eat lunch.

That evening's mall trip started off very well. Zoe's parents welcomed him back and were happy to see him. They were radiating only acceptance for him, and amusement at their daughter's infatuation. Stewart was ready to go after James had been there only a few minutes but there was a delay as a hurried conference seemed to be going on upstairs.

When Zoe came down, she pulled James aside for a whispered conference.

"Stacy is coming with us." she said, not looking particularly happy.

"You don't want her to go?"

"Well, it's not that, really, it is just... " Zoe paused, obviously choosing her works carefully. James could read determination, excitement and some aggravation, but couldn't pinpoint the source.

"The girls all agreed to sit together, and give us some privacy, you know in the theatre." she blushed, squeezing his arm.

"Oh!" James felt like smacking himself. "Um, she wouldn't tell you parents, would she?"

"No, she won't but she's my sister, you know?"

"Well, you can't really exclude her so ... how about I make sure you forget she is even there?" He said, winking at her. Her blush was so adorable.

They arrived at the mall and piled out, Stewart saying he would be back by ten fifteen, ten thirty at the latest, before he pulled away. All three headed inside, Zoe looking for her friends and James just looking around. This was only the second American mall he had been in, and it was much larger than the first.

He looked with interest at the map kiosk, trying to figure out where they were and where they had to be before eight thirty. They had two hours before the movie started, and that should be plenty of time for some shopping.

He heard a squeal, a shout and some laughter. Looking up, he saw that Zoe and her friends were all clustered together, laughing and talking excitedly. The occasional glances they threw his way told him he was at least one of the topics being discussed. It made him a little uncomfortable, but he was surprised at how quickly he was adjusting.

The mall was teeming with people, a good portion of them teenagers, and his empathic shield was taking a beating. Not as bad as school, but enough that he was glad for the newfound strength. Stacy was standing to the side, smiling at the girls and he felt nostalgia and, surprising him, a little loneliness radiating from her.

He walked over and stood beside her.

"Is this normal? For girls, I mean. I don't have a lot of experience with girls in packs." he grinned at her, shrugging.

Stacy laughed, nodding her head. "I was just thinking about the girls I used to hang out with, and how much Zoe reminds me of, well, me! Don't worry, by the way, I won't cramp your style." She gave him a little dig in the ribs with her elbow.

"I made some calls and a couple of my old school friends were free, they should be here soon. I've got my cell phone, so don't be surprised if I disappear."

"Noted." James said. "For what it's worth, your sister seems to idolize you. She seems to think that you are who she wants to be. From what I have seen, she could do much worse."

"You really are a silver-tongued devil, aren't you?" She smiled at him, shaking her head. "Zoe is ... Zoe. She doesn't know how pretty she is, and she could have had any boy in that school. She chose you and I think she made a smart choice. You're okay, James."

"Be still my heart!" James said mockingly, but grinning at Stacy before moving over to join the girls.

"Still hitting on my sister?" Zoe asked, pretending to be jealous.

"Who, me? She was telling me to watch my behavior with you or she would get some of her college friends to beat me up! She scares me." he said, shivering theatrically and drawing a laugh from the group.

Sally sidled over, not touching but standing very close, her eyes scanning him closely. "Anna and Denise tell me that you are some kind of body builder. Why do you wear such baggy clothes?"

"Sally!" the twins exclaimed, blushing.

"What? I'm just asking."

Zoe sidled over to James, tucking her head under his arm and whispering in his ear. "She weighs more than me, but do you think you could pick her up like you did me? Not the cuddling bit though." she giggled, looking up at him. James just smiled and nodded.

Zoe stepped back and smiled.

James turned to face her. "Sally, do me a favor. Hold your arms to your side. Now bend them at the elbow so your hands are pointing straight out. No moving them, ok? Hold them tight."

"Wait, what are you going to do? No tickling!" she squealed, but did as he asked, her eyes wide.

James stepped closer to her, almost nose to nose, and smiled. "Ready? Hold your arms tight." He squatted just a bit, placed his palms under her elbows and straightened his legs, lifting her easily off the ground. Now they really were nose to nose.

"You ok? Still holding your arms tight?"

Sally nodded, nervous but excited by his display of strength.

James pressed, bringing his arms up and lifting her above his head, seemingly without effort. He held here there for a five count, then slowly lowered her again, squatting at the end to set her softly back on the floor.

There was a collective gasp, a moment of silence, and all four of them started talking excitedly. Sally was red-faced and breathing hard, her eyes still wide with awe.

"That was awesome! Oh my god, I have never felt anything like that. My dad couldn't even do that!"

The other girls gathered around grabbing at his biceps, commenting on how hard his arms were.

Zoe, deciding that enough was enough, snuggled up under his arm again with a sniff. James could tell that she was pleased and proud. The rest of them radiated wonder, a little jealousy, but more of a feeling of friendly rivalry than the nasty kind, and all of them were looking at him with more than a bit of attraction.

James glanced over at Stacy, saw her sniggering, and gave her a saucy wink and a shrug. What's a guy to do?

Zoe, being the ring leader, announced that they all had a mission. They were going to help James pick out some clothes that didn't make him look like he was wearing hand-me-downs from a much bigger brother. James blushed, but refused to look away at the speculating looks they threw his way.

Leading off, the next two hours were a whirlwind tour of every trendy shop that sold men's clothes. James found himself objecting, multiple times, to styles and sometimes even entire stores, when he thought they were going too far. He was in and out of almost every changing room in every store they visited.

It was some time in the first hour that things started getting interesting. Zoe, having determined his sizes by then, grabbed a pair of jeans and a v-neck shirt she thought would look good on him, then followed him into the changing room, to the loud amusement of their group. Stacy, at least, was spared this part, having already disappeared.

In the changing room, Zoe pulled the door closed and grinned.

"Take it off."

"Excuse me?"

"Your clothes. Take them off. You can't try these on over your old clothes. You know how this works by now!" she said, but her grin and the feeling she was radiating told him she and an ulterior motive.

Taking a deep breath, he stripped off his shirt and shoes, then lowered is pants and stepped out of them. Blushing he looked at Zoe, watching her watch him.

Zoe stepped close, ran her hands over his chest and purred. "You are so very sexy" she whispered, both hands exploring his chest. "I just had to do this. I couldn't stand it, you in here getting dressed and undressed, the girls out there teasing me about you being undressed. I have been thinking about doing this since you came to dinner."

James pulled her close, kissing her thoroughly before reaching for the new trousers she had brought in with her.

"As much as I want this, oh my lord do I want this, I don't want it in a changing room." he said, smiling at her, broadcasting his love and his lust for her touch.

Zoe wasn't done quite yet though. She placed her finger on his lips, then leaned forward and rubbed her face against his chest, placing little kisses and even licking one of his nipples. Grinning, she stepped back and nodded.

James, doing his very best not to get excited. His briefs were snug enough without any help. Slipping into the trousers, they were a nice, soft khaki, and the shirt, a blue v-necked model with almost invisible pinstripes and contrasting colors at the neck and sleeve openings. Zoe indicated that she wanted him to tuck the shirt in, then had him spin in place.

"I love this. THIS is how you should dress. Come on, let's see what the gang thinks." she said, dragging him out of the room and presenting him to the waiting coterie.

Wolf whistles and thumbs up had him wanting to dive back into the dressing room, but Zoe's beaming smile made him take a deep breath and spin on command. When he heard Sally saying, "Would you look at that ass? Who knew?" it took everything he had to stay out there.

Zoe, already getting to know him and his moods, shushed them all and smiled at him, her love radiating like a beacon and steadying his nerves.

Zoe was the commander, her friends were the troops and she dispatched them with errands.

"Denise, I need a brown leather belt, for a 28 waist. Sally, shoes. A leather loafer, size nine and a half. Something with laces, an oil rubbed casual. Doris, I need some socks to match the color of this shirt. Anna, can you grab a salesperson? Thanks everyone!" she called as they scattered.

They were back quickly, and Zoe had him sit and try on both the socks and the shoes, then threaded the belt through his belt loops herself, and act he found strangely erotic. He remembered his mother's comment about him someday finding a woman to dress him and grinned down at her.

When she was done, she stood back and walked around him, as if she were a sculptor and he her clay.

"I think this is it." she announced, running a hand over the short sleeve where it fit snugly, but comfortable James noticed, across his biceps. Staring at himself in the mirror, he seemed an entirely different man. The clothes hugged his body, enhancing the v-shape of his torso, drawing the eye to the well developed pecs and biceps. The pants hugged him as well, not as tight as they looked but still making his thighs look even bigger than normal.

The salesperson, a twenty-something lady with lots of tattoos and piercings, had been watching the proceedings with a smile. She stepped forward and gave Zoe a thumbs-up. "He looks like a million bucks, sweetie. You have good taste, in more than clothes!"

Zoe was beaming. She stepped forward and handed her a bunch of tags, asking her to ring them up. "He is going to wear this out, I want to show him off." she said, startling James. The other girls all agreed and, after he retrieved his old clothes and, especially, his wallet and keys, they formed a short parade as they filed over to the cash register.

The total was just over one hundred, so James knew that he was going to have to remind them all about his limit, but he paid up and watched as Zoe stuffed his old clothes in the bag provided.

The rest of the shopping expedition was more piecemeal. A shirt here, slacks there, more socks, a black belt and black shoes. By the time they were done, he had enough clothes to mix and match a dozen outfits.

James, for one, was done. He was exhausted, mentally if not physically, and he urged them all towards the food court. As they ate, the girls discussed the shopping expedition and decided that they had done well. None of them, of course, asked James, he was just a man.

The movie start time was drawing near so he broke in to the discussion by extending his wrist and tapping his watch. The ladies all stood immediately and formed up to attack the next objective, or so it seemed to James.

It happened when they got in line. James felt eyes on him, and his empathic sense were feeling anticipation, anger and violent intent, but from more than one person. Turning slowly, he scanned the crown, his senses wide open and straining to sort through the cacophony.

There. Three of them, all of an age. Blocking everyone else, he concentrated on the three. They were all big guys and the flavor of the threat led him to believe that they were football players, friends of the expelled quarterback.

Not taking his eyes off of them, he radiated alarm to the ladies and reached for Zoe.
"Zoe, there might be trouble coming. Promise me, if something happens, you will get yourself and your friends to safety, ok?"

"James I am not going anywhere!" she objected.

He didn't have time to argue. He pushed hard, concentrating on trust, obedience and calm compliance, manipulating their emotions to get them to do as they were asked.

"This is important to me, baby. I can take care of myself, but I need you to be safe first, ok?"

"I trust you, James." Zoe said calmly.

The three moved, separating. One came straight towards him, pushing other people, who also had been waiting in line, out of his way, his eyes locked on James. The other two circled left and right coming in at an angle, trying to lock him between them.

"Now Zoe. Go, take them with you." he ordered, pushing again.

He felt Zoe leave, and he felt the people in line start to realize something was happening. People looked nervous, ready to bolt.

"Anderson, you fucker. You cost us the championship this year. We are going to kick the shit out of you." the one in front growled, causing the rest of the people in line to scatter.

James was calm, watching the two who were coming from left and right in his peripheral vision. Trying to clear his thoughts he pushed, harder than he had ever done. He emitted fear, and uncertainty, danger and flight, urging them to leave, to just run away.

He was partially successful. The two on the sides looked freaked out, stopping in their tracks and looking to the leader for instructions.

The leader, seeming to get even angrier, reached for James and was surprised to see that he had missed. Seeming to grow enraged, he charged directly at James, screaming incoherently. James targeted him specifically and pushed with all his might, sending terror, pain, fear anything that would make him stop. He felt a stabbing pain behind his eye, just like during the fight in school, and something ... odd happened.

For just a moment he could see inside the boy's head! He could see his thoughts, his emotions, his motivations. He could see that he had been drinking, working up the courage for this and James understood. The alcohol was damping his emotions, all but the rage he felt.

Not even sure how he did so, he reached into the boy's head and sort of twisted. The boy had a stricken look on his as he keeled over, hitting the floor bonelessly. James turned his attention to the other two and twisted again, and again. All three were laying on the floor, all of them unnaturally still.

Then the whole world went dark.

When James awoke, there was noise and confusion, emotions battered at him like an angry mob. Pain, fear, loss, anger, despair, all of them, all surrounding him, all clamoring for attention. His response was automatic, ingrained by years of practice. He raised his shield, praying it would work, and the emotional landscape was blessedly silent.

With a mental sigh of relief, he relaxed and let the purely physical sounds float to the top. An odd beeping, the flipping of a page, soft murmurs, he could hear someone groaning nearby, and just a little further away, someone softly weeping.

The scent of rubbing alcohol, of cleansers and of something else, something that tickled his memory. Opening his eyes, he looked up at an acoustic tile ceiling, like those at school, but he was laying flat on his back, in a bed. Turning his head he saw his parents, their backs to him as they spoke to someone with a clipboard and a lab coat. He was in the hospital?

When he tried to speak, tried to call out to his parents, he merely gagged. There was something in his throat! Reaching up, he felt a drag and peripherally noticed an IV in his arm. As he reached for his mouth, to try and clear the obstruction, he heard someone yell and a pair of hands grabbed his, pulling.

Zoe!

"He's awake! He's awake!" she yelled, holding on to his arm with all her might. "No, James, don't touch it! Don't pull it out. It's ok, baby, it's ok" her voice was rapid, panicked, her eyes streaming tears as she held on to his arm.

There was a rush of footsteps and the doctor added his strength to Zoe's. James felt weak, tired, and allowed them to push his arm back down.

"James, can you hear me?" A baritone voice, the doctor.

Turning his head to meet the doctor's eyes, he tried to nod.

"You are in the hospital, but you are going to be ok. There is a tube down your throat to help you breathe. When you arrived, you weren't breathing on your own so we had to help you. Just relax, ok? We'll get the tube out in just a little while, I promise."

Zoe still had a death grip on his left hand, softly weeping as she held it to her cheek, so he held his right hand up, palm facing the ceiling, asking.

The doctor, understanding, answered. "We don't know, exactly. There was a call for a medical emergency. The paramedics found four people unconscious on the floor, none of you breathing on your own and you were all rushed here, to the hospital. Just relax, let me get a nurse ok? I'll be right back." The doctor looked into his eyes, making sure James understood, and then nodded, backing away from the bed.

He was quickly replaced by the faces of his parents, his mother's tear-streaked face looking pale and tired. His father looked just as pale, but he looked angry, frustrated and worried.

"You are going to be just fine, my baby boy." His mum said, her voice soft, but ragged. She had been crying, her voice got like that when she cried. James reached up and wiped a tear from her cheek and she grasped his hand, holding on as if he were an anchor.

"You gave us all quite a scare." his father said, understatement being something of an art with him. "You are going to be fine though. The doctors said they couldn't find anything wrong with you, just that you were not breathing. Um," he paused for a moment, waging some internal battle, then continued. "They say your heart stopped, but responded to CPR. I know you can't talk right now, but a lot of people are trying to figure out what happened. It caused quite a stink!" he grinned down at James, knowing how James would have hated being in that kind of scene. "Probably a good thing you were unconscious when people started running around, eh?"

James nodded, thinking about how he used to react to any kind of crowd, much less a wild one.

The doctor returned with several people in tow. The cleared everyone from around the bed and started doing typical doctor type things. Shining bright lights in his eyes, taking his blood pressure, listening to his heart and so on. James wondered why they had all the monitors if the doctors didn't trust them?

"Ok James. We are going to remove the breathing tube. This is not going to feel nice, but we need you to hold still, all right? It will only take a couple of seconds." James nodded and felt himself tense up as one of the nurses put her hands on his shoulders, holding him down, while the other loosened the tape and the strap that was holding tube in place. The doctor reached up, caught James eye and nodded, then began to pull.

It felt like someone was scraping his insides with a strand of barbed wire, and he could feel it, feel the tube withdrawing from his throat in an indescribably, but painful passage.

Then it was out. He throat burned and he had the overwhelming urge to cough and gag. This only lasted for a few seconds, then someone pressed a straw to his lips and urged him to sip. "Slowly now, slowly. Your throat is going to be raw, sore for a day or two. You'll want to stick to soft foods today." the doctor's voice was oddly soothing, professional and calm.

"We want to run a few more tests on you now that you are awake and alert, but we will give you a little time with your family, ok?" James nodded, then let his head flop back on the pillow as the medical team withdrew.

"What happened?" he croaked, looking back and forth between his parents and Zoe.

His parents looked at each other, then at him, his father shrugging. "We got a call from Zoe, saying that you had been hurt and an ambulance was taking you to the hospital." he father said. "What do you remember?"

James thought a second, remembering the football players, the shooting pain and ... the twisting. "I ... I remember standing in line for movie tickets." he said, stalling. "Someone yelling? There was some guy shoving through the line, I told Zoe to get somewhere safe, then ... then nothing. I woke up here."

His father stared down at him, a perplexed expression on his face. "That's it? Nothing else?"

James shook his head and turned to look at Zoe. "Baby, are you ok?"

Zoe nodded, smiling now, her eyes red and swollen from crying. "I was so scared when you just fell down. I didn't know what to do, but I trusted you, I did what you said. I made the girls hide with me, and we only came out again when you all fell down."

His mother sat down next to Zoe, her arm around the girl, hugging her. "Can you tell us what happened dear? From the beginning?" she asked, her voice calm and soothing,

"We had such fun shopping, getting James to try on clothes like it was a fashion show." Zoe grinned, then kissed the back of his hand. "We ate dinner in the food court, then got in line to get tickets. Someone at the back of the line yelled something, I think it was a football player from school, he looked familiar. People started yelling, running away, then they all just fell down. James, the guy who yelled and a couple of other people. Everyone panicked, people screaming, running away. I just ran to James, but he wasn't breathing. He looked so pale, and I was so scared."

Tears ran silently down her cheeks. "Stacy. Stacy was there, and she was awesome. She called 911, then made the girls, Sally and Doris, Anna too. She made them check the other boys, while she was on the phone. It seemed like it took forever, but I guess it was just a couple of minutes. People from the mall, paramedics, they showed up. Stacy pulled me away and they started doing CPR on all of them. I was so scared for him, for you, James. But I hid when you told me, right?"

James stroked her cheek, tears rolling down his own cheeks as she recalled the terror. Without even thinking about it, he pushed. Calm, happiness, love.

Zoe wiped her cheeks and sat up straighter, smiling at him. "You are going to be ok. Mom is here too, somewhere. She let me stay, to be with you."

Turning to his parents, he asked. "How long have I been here?"

"Just a couple of hours, son. It's almost midnight." his father said, glancing at his watch.

"Oh hell, what about my new clothes?" James asked, feeling foolish worrying about clothes, but they had meant a lot to Zoe.

"I got them! They are fine and I have them all right here, even the other stuff we bought." Zoe piped up, obviously glad to feel useful.

"That's great baby." James grinned, radiating love and trust, thankfulness to her, and seeing her smile.

"What about the other people, are they ok?"

There was silence, his mother, father and Zoe exchanging glances.

"What? What happened?" James asked, suddenly feeling cold. "What? Talk to me, damn it!"

His mother sat on the edge of the bed, her palm on his chest. "Calmly, son. One of the boys died at the scene, they couldn't get his heart restarted. The other two are here, at the hospital. Last we heard, they were still unconscious, all with breathing tubes. I don't know for sure, but I think you are the first to wake up.

James felt panic well up inside him. Fear and guilt warring for dominance. He had done it. He had killed someone. Maybe three people. He was a murderer.

"I ... I'm so tired." he said, not wanting to talk, his thoughts jumbled and confused, guilt making him want to weep.

"Rest, son. Just rest and get better. You are ok now, and that is all that matters" His mother's voice was soothing, and she was radiating love, her fear subsumed in the relief she felt. His father was much the same, his love a different flavor, but his relief just as palpable.

Zoe kissed him on the cheek, laying her head on his shoulder. Whispering, low enough that only he could hear, "I love you James Anderson. Please don't scare me like that again? I'll go and tell my mom, tell Stacy and the girls that you are ok, but I will be back, I promise."

"Maybe you should go home. Get some rest. There is no sense in you hanging around the hospital, ok? Trust me, I will be out of here before you know it."

Zoe stared at him for a moment, a strange look on her face, but did as he asked.
Chapter 5 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 4 |   Bottom
Chapter 5
Posted: September 18, 2015 - 07:28:49 am

He stayed in the hospital for three days, test after test were done and getting any real information out of the staff was almost impossible. He resorted to pushing, forcing the doctor to trust him, that he was his friend, his confidant, before he could overcome the man's professional reticence.

The tests all came back normal except for a cat scan that showed an abnormal swelling in his occipital lobe, just over his left eye. Where the pain had been, both in the hallway fight at school and at the mall. The other boys, the ones that had lived, had the same swelling in the same place. They were awake, but said they couldn't remember anything after getting to the mall.

The police came and questioned him, taking him through his evening at the mall, step by step. Trying to get him to remember anything. Had he seen anyone acting suspiciously? Had he seen any unattended packages? Had he heard, or smelled, or felt anything odd?

Again and again they made him go through the events of the evening. James kept it simple, told the exact truth right up until the event, then told the same story he had told his parents.

Someone from the government questioned him too. He was from the CDC, the Centers for Disease Control, and his questions focused on what he had seen, smelled, felt. He seemed to think that it was something they ingested. It turned out that the three boys had also had dinner at the food court, and the CDC man took down a list of everything James and the girls ate and drank.

Finally, tests done, questions asked, they allowed him to go home. They were convinced it was something in the food, but James knew better. He knew that he had killed someone and almost killed two more. It would be a long time before his own questions were answered, and he had no one to help him.

Returning to school was surreal. As he walked through the hallways, people would stop and stare, whispers followed him wherever he went. A few hardier souls asked him about that night, but he stuck with his story, telling everyone the same tale.

A few days later, he saw the two survivors, and they seemed physically ok. When they saw him though, they would turn pale and walk the other way. Neither of them would look him in the eye, and neither of them seemed inclined to interact with him at all. His empathic senses, when he directed them to the boys, came back with fear, a desire to avoid him, an overwhelming need to be somewhere else.

James let them be, preferring to stay as far away from them as possible. The guilt over what he had done ate at him, the thought that he could cold-bloodedly kill someone using just his mind scared the hell out of him. What if he did it to someone by accident? Someone he like, or loved. What if it was Zoe?

He had been putting off Zoe in class, not answering if she called the house and even had his mother turn her away two days in a row when she came by the house. He couldn't bear what she must think of him, of what he had done.

He didn't sleep well. His dreams filled with replays of the boys at the mall, dreams filled with dozens, hundreds of dead bodies strewn across the walkways, on the escalators, the food court. Dreams where he walked among the dead, looking for more victims.

He began getting up early, running until he had to practically drag himself home. Then, after school, he would enter the weight room and work out, spend countless hours on the bag until he couldn't lift his arms, just so he would be too exhausted to dream. Sometimes he slept there, on the weight bench or the hard floor, too exhausted to brave the stairs.

He lost weight, his body fat dropping precipitously, and he worked even harder, burning muscle away. That angered him and just made him work even more, a vicious cycle that had his parents frantic.

When Stacy appeared at the front door one Saturday morning, James's mother answered, pale and drawn, worried and preoccupied, she just stared at the unfamiliar woman on the step. "Yes?"

"Where is he? Is he here? I want to see him now." Stacy snarled.

"What? Who are you? Who do you want to see? Ada replied, confused.

"I am Stacy Stanton, Zoe's sister and the who is your jerk of a son, that's who! You can go and get him or I can stand here and scream until he comes out or the cops haul me away. The choice is his."

Ada Anderson stared at the angry young lady and nodded. This might be a good thing, it might be bad, but if something didn't happen she and her husband would have to stop putting off a decision on whether he needed more help than they could give. He might need to be institutionalized, or she feared she would lose her son.

She stood back, gestured for Stacy to come inside, then led her back to the weight room where James was spending all his time. She didn't go in, she couldn't stand to see him punish himself, and his snarls and curses at any interruption made her want to weep.

"It's not pretty." Ada said, laying her hand on Stacy's arm before she could open the door. "His father and I are talking to a doctor on Monday. We may be sending him to a..." she sobbed, "a facility where they can help him." Tears streaming down her face, she turned away, rushing back towards the front of the house.

Stacy, stunned and her anger melting away, was suddenly fearful of what she would find inside. Only her love for her sister gave her the determination to open the door.

"Get out! Get the fuck out mum!" a tortured growl sounded as soon as the door cracked open, but Stacy didn't stop. Inside, the place reeked of sweat and body odor, old moldy towels and ... something familiar, something...

She saw him and was shocked to her core. He was standing, nude, the sweat pouring off of him and curling a bar that weighed more than she did. His face was locked in rictus of pain as he lifted the bar again and again and again. His legs trembling, sweat pouring off of him, and most horrifying of all, the source of that familiar smell. Blood. Blood was pouring from his nose, was seeping from his tear ducts, staining his chest and belly, dripping on the floor. Little drops were spattering everything around him when the weight bar would intercept the falling stream.

He looked like he was chiseled from iron, not an ounce of fat on his body. His muscles stood out in stark relief and his skin seemed so thin that you could see the blood in his veins. His belly was all ridges and rolls, his ribs pronounced under the slabs of muscle that covered them.

He didn't pause his routine, his breath coming in sobs, but he snarled at her. "What do you want? Why are you here? Come to see the FREAK??" the last work was a scream, filled with pain and anger.

Stacy wanted to weep. She wanted to run from the room and never look back, to hide under her bed and hope this nightmare would fade in the morning, but she couldn't. She could see why his mother looked so pale and drawn. She could see that he was killing himself, and he couldn't seem to stop it.

Taking a deep breath, she walked up to him, blood droplets staining her shirt and, with all of her strength, she slapped him as hard as she could.

James staggered back, lost his balance and fell backwards. The curl bar slipped from his fingers and just missing doing serious damage to both him and to Stacy. He sat there, shocked, staring up at the pale, angry and determined face above him.

His mind, exhausted and confused, couldn't work out what had just happened. All he saw was Stacy, her hands on her hips, glaring at him.

"James. You are killing yourself, and you are killing Zoe. Why? Why would you do this? Why would you hurt an innocent girl who is deeply in love with you?"

"Zoe? Is Zoe hurt? How? Who hurt her? I'll fucking kill him!"

"You did, you asshole! YOU hurt her. You are killing her, just like you are killing yourself. You want to commit suicide? Fine, but you can't treat my sister like this, you can't torture her." Tears were streaming down Stacy's cheeks now, sobs shaking her shoulders and her hand, pointed at James like a gun, shook as well.

"I ... I'm not, I can't ... I sent her home, away, away from me. To protect her, to keep her safe. I'm not safe. I'm not ... I love her, but I can't protect her from me." James said, his voice pleading. "I can't!"

Stacy knelt down, her knees in the puddle of blood, and held out a hand to James. "You don't need to protect her, you idiot. You need to love her. She needs you now. She doesn't eat, she doesn't sleep, she is not even going to school. We had to hide all the pills, the knives ... we are afraid she is going to do something horrible. She cries all the time, weeps and calls for you. She needs you, James. She needs you to be there, to be healthy, to love her. You can't do that if you are dead or in some mental hospital."

"Look, I don't know what happened, but you need to talk to someone. You need to get this out, and who better than Zoe? I think you can save each other."

James stared at her hand, his eyes full of unshed tears. His own hand twitched, then again. Finally, he reached out, grasped her hand. "For Zoe."

Stacy got him up, and made him put on a pair of filthy shorts before leading him up to his room. She walked him into the bathroom, stripped the shorts off of him herself and sat him down on the toilet while she started the shower. When it was ready, she led him into the shower and pushed him under the stream of water.

Backing off, watching him stand there, she shook her head and began stripping off her clothes. Naked, she stepped in and began using her hands to sluice away the worst of the mess before grabbing the soap.

James was there, but not there. His mind was disconnected, trapped in a loop. He didn't want to think, didn't want to feel, and the only way he knew how to not do those things was to make himself so tired that he physically couldn't.

Zoe. Stacy said she needed him, that she was in trouble. Zoe needed him, but he was afraid. He stood there, trying to make sense of it as he watched, almost a third party, while Stacy washed his body. She was as naked as he was, and he barely noticed. The sight engendered no lust, no need, just a faint echo of things he had once considered important.

Stacy washed him, cleaning the blood from his face, his chest and belly, even his genitals. She was surprised to see that there was no reaction, not even an involuntary one as she soaped and handled his penis. Sighing, she finished with his body and hair, then reached for the a towel, only to find that James had reached for it too.

"Decided to help finally?" she whispered, feeling a little bit of hope.

"Stacy, I'm sorry. I'm a mess, a wreck. You shouldn't have to do this, to be here like this." James said, his face drawn and miserable.

Stacy hugged him, laying her head on his shoulder. "You jerk. You frightened the hell out of your parents you know. And me. I was getting very fond of you and I am pissed that I had to come over here today to kick your ass."

James patted her back awkwardly. "Stacy. I ... I don't know how. I am so lost. I am so scared." he said, sobs wracking his body as tears streamed from his eyes. His knees crumpled and Stacy helped him to the floor, afraid to let go.

They sat there, in the streaming water, and he cried, sobbed until the water ran cold and Stacy was forced to pull away long enough to shut it off. James just shivered, his face between his knees, tears still dripping to the shower floor.

When his sobs slowed, then stopped, Stacy got him up and dried. Drying herself quickly and getting dressed, she led him back into the bedroom and started handing him clothes. He dressed himself robotically, letting his body handle the familiar task but his mind obviously elsewhere.

"James, look at me." Stacy said holding his chin. When she had his attention, she continued. "I am glad you are letting me help you, but you need to talk about it. You can talk to me. I will listen for as long as it takes, but then we are going to my house. I need your help, James. Zoe needs your help."

James, his mind clear for the first time in weeks, nodded. He wrapped his arms around Stacy and kissed her cheek. "Thank you Stacy, but I think I owe it to Zoe. She and I ... She needs to be the one. She has to know, I have to explain."

Stacy kissed his cheek and stood back. "Good. Now get your ass in gear, we are leaving." She grinned, grabbing his arm like Zoe used to do, and walking him to the door.

James's mother stood silently in the kitchen as they came down the stairs, not saying anything, but exchanging a heartfelt look with Stacy as they passed. She smiled, her eyes filled with hope, as they left.

When Stacy opened the front door and entered, pulling James in behind her, Stewart was just coming down the stairs. His eyes blazed with anger and he blocked their path.

"What the hell is he doing here? Hasn't he caused enough trouble"

"Stewart, back off and stay the hell out of this!" Stacy snarled, standing between James and her step-father.

The yelling brought her mother scurrying from the kitchen, her face blotched and her eyes red from crying. She saw James's face, drawn, blotchy red, sickly and slightly crazed, then saw Stacy facing off with her husband, and instantly knew what was happening.

"You do not talk to me like that and you do NOT give orders in this house!" Stewart yelled, his face turning red and his fists clenched.

"Stewart!" His wife's voice cracked like a whip, startling all of them. "Back off."

He looked shocked, but whatever he saw in her eyes was enough to set him back on his heels. "Fine, I wash my hands with the whole thing." he grumbled, stalking into the living room and out of sight.

Stacy shot her mother a look of gratitude and nodded, grabbing James arm and pulling him up the stairs behind her.

Her mother stood at the bottom of the stairs, one hand over her mouth and hope in her eyes, for a long time

Upstairs, Stacy pounded on Zoe's locked door. "Open up Zoe."

When there was no response, she pounded again. "Damn it, Zoe. Open this door or I swear to god I will break it down."

When she heard the click of the lock, Stacy shoved the door open, pushing Zoe back into the room. Grabbing James's arm, she shoved him through the door, closing it behind him and sinking to the ground, her own tears starting to flow.

Inside, James was shocked. Zoe looking thinner, and haggard. Her face was wan and drawn, her eyes red, her hair a tangled mess and her room was literally destroyed. She was looking at him in horror, tears streaming down her face.

"WHY?" she screamed at him, sobbing even harder. "Why do you hate me? What did I do wrong? Why did you leave me?" her screams tapered off to a horse groan and she fell to the floor, sobs wrenching her small frame.

James was horrified. He hurried to her, throwing himself on the floor and gathering her in his arms. He didn't speak, couldn't speak, his own sobs stealing his breath. They stayed like that until the sobs finally died, too exhausted to even cry any more. James just held her, wrapped in his arms, until they both slept.

Stacy sat there for a long time. How long, she didn't know, but it had gotten silent in the room behind her. She went down to the kitchen, hugged her mother and told her what she thought was happening, what she hoped was happening.

Fixing a tray with a pitcher of juice, sandwiches and some fruit, she quietly went back upstairs, her mother right behind her, and eased the door open. Inside, James and Zoe slept. He was leaning against the bed, Zoe cradled in his arms. Stacy breathed a sigh of relief and set the tray down before withdrawing, closing the door behind her. Outside the room, her mother cried silent tears of hope and she hugged Stacy fiercely.

James woke hours later, a little confused at first, shocked again at the state of Zoe's room. His arms and legs were painfully cramped, but he endured because she was still asleep, and he couldn't bear to set her down. He bent down and kissed the top of her head, murmuring softly.

"I am so sorry, baby. I love you. I have always loved you."

Zoe stirred, jerking awake in a moment of panic but, when she realized where she was, she looked up at him, fear in her eyes. "James?"

"I'm here baby, and I am never leaving again."

"What did I do wrong? Why, James?" tears started and slowly dripped down her face.

"You did nothing wrong, nothing, do you hear me? You were the perfect girlfriend. It was me, it was all me! I was scared for you, afraid that I would hurt you. I couldn't bear the thought of hurting you. You don't understand what a monster I am, Zoe."

Taking a deep breath, fighting back his own tears, he told her everything.

He told her of his great-grandfather, of his grandfather and his uncle. He told her about their abilities and how they used them to help the government, and how it killed them too young.

He told them of his tortured childhood, and his fears that he was crazy. He told them of finding his own powers, about his struggle to control them, and about the shield. He explained what really happened at school that day, when he fought the bully, and then, shaking and crying, he told her about the mall.

"I killed him. I almost killed all three of them. That's not all. I used the power on you too. I ordered you to trust me, to go and hide, to take your friends with you. I forced you against your will. Don't you see? What if something went wrong? What if I messed up, or I just got angry? Can't you see that you aren't safe around me? I love you, so I can't be with you. I can't protect you from me."

Zoe had been quiet, clinging to him, her face pressed to his chest as he told his tale. She shivered when he talked about the mall, and about the boy who died, but she got angry when he got to the end. She pushed away from him, her fist striking his chest.

"Damn you, James Anderson." she fumed, and punched him again. "Damn you for thinking you could decide for me and damn you for not trusting me enough to give me a choice. Don't you get it, you idiot? I. Love. You. I know, deep inside where it counts, I know. You could never do that to me. You could never hurt me or anyone you love. You didn't kill that moron, he killed himself. He was a bully and fool and was going to hurt you, maybe hurt others. You protected yourself, you protected me and my friends."

She grabbed him, clutching him to her. "You didn't do it on purpose. You didn't want to hurt him, only to stop him. You are not a monster and if I ever, EVER hear you say something so god damned stupid again, I swear I will kick your ass, you got it?"

James giggled. It felt odd, this bubble of love, of hope and humor that was filling his chest, and he giggled. He hugged her tight, rocking her in his arms and sighed.

"I wanted to die. I thought you hated me, and I thought about just going to sleep and never waking up again. I can't go through that again so I need you to promise me, and you better mean it this time. Promise me that you will never do that again, never shut me out, never leave me. Promise me?" her voice was fierce, determined and filled with pain.

He kissed the top of her head. "I promise."

When Stacy checked in on them in the morning, they were laying on the bed, still clothed, and Zoe was spooned up against James, his arm around her and clutched in both of hers. They looked ... peaceful.

When she entered the kitchen, her mother and step-father were sitting at the table, both looking exhausted. They looked up, hope in both of their faces. Stacy smiled, then sat down at the table and sighed.

"They are asleep, curled up together and they look peaceful. I know they were up talking most of the night, so they probably just got to sleep. I think it worked, mom." she said, then corrected herself. "I think it is working, anyway. It will take some time, but I think they needed this, needed each other. James is going through something really heavy, and from what little I got out of him, he was afraid to drag her down with him."

Stacy took a deep breath and told them about how she had demanded to see James. She told them about the horror of the weight room, his condition and his behavior. She told them how she had hit him, shocking him enough to snap him out of whatever it was that was holding him, and she even told them about showering with him, and about him breaking down and crying.

"I don't know what it is, Mom, but I am certain that he is not a danger to anyone but himself. I think whatever happened at the mall really freaked him out, and almost dying ... he did die, and it had an effect on him. He needed to talk about it, to get it out, but couldn't. He needed Zoe."

Stewart didn't look at all happy, but his wife had already laid down the law and he was not going to go against her. If James and Zoe could help each other, then he wasn't going to stand in the way.

"Do you have his home phone number, Stacy?" Ailene asked her daughter.

"Is this Ada Anderson? Ada, this is Ailene Darcy, Zoe's mother. He's fine, in fact, I think they are both going to be fine. That's the reason I called. I want him to stay for a bit. Maybe the day, maybe a couple of days. I know it is odd ... oh, I see. Thank you, I think so too. Look, Ada, why don't you come over so we can talk? You could bring him a few things, see for yourself. Wonderful. I will see you and your husband in a little while then. No, thank you, Ada."

Ailene laid the phone down with a thoughtful expression on her face.

"She was very impressed with you, Stacy. She said he was in there for two days before you came, and that she was seriously considering calling an ambulance. She said that she thinks she knows why he had a breakdown, but needs to speak to James first, if he will talk to her, before she can betray a confidence. He wouldn't talk to anyone until you showed up."

Ada and Paul Anderson showed up a half hour later, and they gathered in the kitchen with Ailene, Stewart and Stacy.

Ada told them about his withdrawal when James came home from the hospital, about his nightmares and, eventually, his insomnia. About how he would work out to exhaust himself enough to sleep. She said there was something in her past, something in their family, but wouldn't elaborate.

"I just have to talk to James, if he will speak to me. It is his secret to tell. It is not a bad thing, I give you my word as a mother, but it is a difficult thing." she said, cryptically.

The four adults moved to the living room, discussing other topics and hoping for the best

It was dark again, the adults went out to eat while Stacy made some dinner for herself. She had just finished when she heard the shower upstairs and did a silent fist pump in her excitement. Zoe hadn't showered, or left her room except to use the bathroom, in a couple of days. Things were looking up!

She climbed the stairs silently, and peeked around the corner after seeing Zoe's door open. The room was empty, which meant ... Stacy decided that it was none of her business and descended the stairs as quietly as she had climbed them. She wasn't going to tell her folks either, they had enough on their minds. Smiling, she poured herself a cup of coffee and stood guard.

Upstairs, Zoe had woken up and James was still there. She felt as if she had been having a long, horrible nightmare, but his arm around her, his breath tickling the back of her neck was so wonderful, she hugged his arm to her and sighed.

"Good morning, Baby." James's gravelly, sleepy voice said from behind her.

"Good morning love." she answered, squirming around until she was facing him. "I must smell awful." she thought out loud, realizing how long she had been hiding in her room. "You must be disgusted!" She started to rise, to move away from him but he reached out, wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her to him, holding her close.

"After all I have put you through, you think I care?" he asked, kissing her forehead.

"Let me go, you gorilla! I need a shower."

"Oh my god..." James said, sitting up and blushing furiously.

"What? WHAT?" Zoe said, worried.

"Stacy. Oh man, I am never going to ... I mean ... she. Oh hell." Red-faced, staring down at his hands, he stammered out a confession. He told her a little about his mania, how he must have looked when Stacy arrived. He told her about her slapping him, about how he was in a daze, and about her dragging him into the shower, then about her stripping down and washing him.

"Please, Zoe, you have to understand. I was in bad shape, but she kept telling me that I was hurting you, that you needed me and that I had to help you. I didn't even really look, you know? I definitely didn't enjoy it!"

Zoe scowled at him, looking skeptical. Then she frowned, but not at him this time. "That ... oooh ... I am so going to get her. She got to see you naked, take a shower with you. With my boyfriend. Before me! That conniving, sneaky..."

She looked up at James, an odd look on her face. "You realize what this means? First, when this all gets settled, she will never let me forget that she saw you naked before I did. Second, I am not going to let her get away with that, with teasing me with little hints. She would, you know." She huffed, her eyes squinting. Then, with a smile so bright that it made James grin in response, Zoe grabbed his hand and slid off the bed, pulling on his arm.

"Don't just sit there. Come on, you can wash my back!"

The shower was more about togetherness, about touching and kissing, holding and loving than it was about anything else. They didn't fool around, though there was some groping, they simply enjoyed each other, comparing, contrasting, exploring and, most of all, reconnecting.

When they were done, both smiling warmly at each other, they dressed and walked down stairs. James and Zoe, though for different reasons, dreaded what they would find, what her parents would say, but it was time.

They were met at the bottom of the stairs by Stacy. She put a hand on each of their shoulders, looking in their eyes. Whatever she was looking for, she must have found it because she smiled. She hugged her sister tightly.

"You okay sis? I missed you, you know."

"I'm sorry, Stacy, for being such a shit. And I owe you, more than I can ever repay. James told me ... well, everything. I love you so much." Zoe blushed, but smiled at her sister.

James stepped forward and was accepted into the hug, holding both of them close. "I owe you, Stacy. Zoe was just what I needed. I have a lot of stuff to work out, but I needed a kick in the pants or, more accurately, a slap in the face. You did more for me than you know and if you ever need anything, anything at all, just ask."

Stacy smirked, an eyebrow raised as she looked him up and down. "Anything?" she asked, archly.

Zoe glowered at her sister, though the corner of her mouth twitched, trying not to grin. "You already beat me to the punch on one thing but if you think for a moment you are going to stay in the lead, you have another think coming!"

Stacy laughed, delighted. "You are back!" she said, hugging them both.

Zoe and James were waiting in the living room, holding hands on the couch, and were surprised to see both sets of parents enter. As if it had been planned, they halted in the doorway. Four sets of eyes locked on to them and four sighs of relief sounded together as well.

There were hugs between parents and children, and even a hug for Zoe from Ada and James from Ailene. James's mom looked meaningfully at the other parents and placed her hand on his arm, drawing him out of the living room and into the kitchen.

"Mum, I am so sorry. I know you were worried and scared, but I couldn't seem to stop." James looked miserable, hating that he had hurt her.

"Sit down, son. Let's talk." she said, hugging him.

"Can you tell me about the mall?" she asked quietly, her eyes intent on his face.

James sighed, then nodded. He told her about sensing the boys. He explained how he was able to push, to command Zoe to hide with her friends, to get them out of the way and safe. He tried to explain how it worked, how he could project emotions, to change the emotions and embed new ones in someone else's mind. Then he described the pain, the look he got in the leader's mind. He told her about the alcohol and how it had dulled them, foiled him. Then he told her about the twist.

She stared at him, not speaking, just letting her had rest on top of his. Finally, she nodded.

"I knew. Oh, not about the details, but I knew that it was more than you told the police or the doctors, and I knew why you didn't tell them. I could tell you were in pain, that you felt guilty. Your face showed it when you learned that one boy had died. James, listen to me. You did not set out to harm anyone. You were acting in self defense, and it is not your fault. You didn't have anyone to show you, to train you like my father did for my brother."

She paused, looking thoughtful. "Have you done any of this since you got out of the hospital?"

James looked horrified. "No! Nothing. I haven't tried. I can't even bring myself to lower my shields, even to just listen to people. The thought of using it, of what could happen, it scares me, mum!"

She nodded again, like she had expected his answer.

"You can't do that forever. It is a gift from god. Some people can sing, and some people can paint. Some people have a gift for healing and others for war. You have this gift, and it is not evil, it is not good, it just is. What is evil or good is how you choose to use it, son. You can't just not use it either. Denying your inner self will warp you as surely, in the long run. Now you know. Now you know what can happen if you don't learn everything you can about your gift. Next time you will be prepared, you will be careful."

She sat back, her hands in her lap and her face just radiated serenity. James was amazed by her certainty, humbled by her absolute faith in him.

"Oh mum. Why me? I don't think I want this. I am not sure if I can handle this."

She scowled at him for a moment. "Two things, son. First, it is a family gift, passed down through generations and always, always used for good. Second, the lord above does not give us challenges that we cannot overcome, if we face them head on. This gift is your challenge."

"Now," she said, changing the subject."What have you told Zoe and what do you want to tell her parents?"

"I told Zoe everything, mum. Everything. She agreed not to share it with anyone, even her family. She suggested, and I agree, that we can tell them about some of it, the empathy part. About me being able to sense people's emotions. I don't want to lie to them, but I don't think it is fair to burden them with the whole story. They will worry about Zoe."

"That might work. If they assume that the boy's death, and your own near death, caused you to have nightmares, it might reassure them. Are you ready to deal with the consequences if it doesn't?"

"I don't have a lot of choice." he answered, standing and holding his hand out to his mother.

They told them about the empathy, how it was a family trait. Then James showed them, read their feelings accurately, even as they changed from disbelief to skepticism, to amazement and even relief. He explained how he saw emotions, as color and temperature, and flowing ribbons that twined and mixed. His mother told them about her father and brother, how they used their own empathic abilities to aid the government.

James told them about the nightmares, or an edited version anyway, and about how he kept feeling that boy die, and his own death, over and over again. He told them, his voice haunted, about working out to get himself so tired that he wouldn't dream, and about how that became a vicious cycle.

They were horrified for him, sympathetic, but still worried about Zoe and the impact his break had on her.

Surprising only Zoe, the adults had discussed it before hand, they suggested that James stay here for a couple of days. They extracted promises from both of them that there would be no hanky-panky, but they said they understood that the whole thing had been very traumatic for both of them, and they could see how being together was helping.

James stayed there through the week and the following weekend. He spent every moment with Zoe. They slept together, wrapped in each other's arms, though they left the door open to assuage their parents sense of propriety.

They ended up spending Saturday night at James's home, the idea being that it would be easier to transition back with Zoe's help. Her parents had relaxed a bit, convinced that James was being respectful and not pushing their daughter in that regard. Little did they know that their daughter was the one most anxious for more private time!

Saturday evening was spent with James's parents. Dinner, then movies and popcorn in the family room. When his mum drifted off to sleep, and his father carried her off to bed, James and Zoe followed suit.

Upstairs, Zoe and James got ready for bed, Zoe taking her turn in the bathroom first. When he climbed the ladder to his loft bed and slid under the covers, he found Zoe waiting for him waiting for him with open arms and wearing only a smile.
Chapter 6 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 5 |   Bottom
Chapter 6
Posted: September 18, 2015 - 07:28:49 am

Their return to school was greeting with whispers and looks, stories having circulated, though most of them were way off base. Still, they were the subject of much debate and even more gossip. Zoe's friends were ecstatic to have her back smiling again, maybe not back to her old self, but on the way.

There were cool around James at first, not sure how things had developed but when Zoe plopped down in his lap at lunch, they were willing to give him the benefit of the doubt.

The only downside remaining was the attitude of the teachers, though Principal Winters said she was glad to have him back in school. Most of the teachers seemed to be keeping an eye on him, watching him like a hawk. He had been involved in two different violent incidents and despite the official line, where there is smoke, there is often fire, or so they thought.

They quickly got back into the routine, catching up on missed work and sliding back into the microcosm of high school life. James still ran in the afternoons, and worked out, though with a much reduced schedule, in the evenings. The rest of the evenings were split between his house and hers, though both parents insisted on an early curfew for school nights.

Zoe and James talked often about his abilities, discussing the pros and cons, Zoe taking his mother's side, insisting that he could use his abilities for good, while James was still nervous, afraid of the consequences.

He relented enough to experiment, but only with her, not around others. They started small, with James opening his shield, feeling Zoe's emotions, basking in her compassion for him, in her love. He tried projecting, varying the strength with Zoe as a bellwether. She would describe what, if anything, she was feeling, how strong it was.

James found, after several weeks of this, that he had achieved a much greater control over his emotional projections. He could make her smile, or (thought he objected to this strenuously) even cry, without her being able to tell that he was directly projecting. To her surprise, and to much giggling, he found he could cause her to start feeling affectionate. After experimenting with this new-found skill, he could push her from cranky to craving him and back again, as fast as her body could cycle through those emotional states.

When, eventually, with practice, he managed to make her orgasm with just a thought, she was awestruck, and declared him the best boyfriend in the history of the world!

James was feeling much better about that part of his abilities, the projection of emotions was manipulation, but it wasn't all that harmful by itself. Zoe, for instance, could resist almost all of his projections. She would feel what he projected, but her conscious mind could overrule them. It was harder for her to do that if he snuck it in, projected when she wasn't paying attention, like in class, but even then, it wouldn't make her do anything she wasn't already willing to do anyway.

Next came the harder part, the part that still terrified James. Zoe enlisted his mother to convince him to face that fear. His mother even volunteered to help him, to test with him. When he objected, her arguments were very persuasive. She argued that her tiny sliver of the empathic gene made her more sensitive, more able to detect his maneuvering. She also argued that there was no one else, other than Zoe, who knew his secret, and could provide both an independent opinion and a safety. When he worked with one of them, the other would be there as a safety, calling a halt if anything seemed off.

With both of the women in his life on the same page, James knew that he might as well give in. He was scared, but he was proud of both of them, and didn't want to let them down.

They set aside a Saturday morning for their first test, when James's father David would be playing golf with some work buddies. David was aware of James's abilities, of the history on his side of the family, but he was very uncomfortable with the whole thing and preferred not be involved unless needed.

They were sitting in the living room debating what, and how far, they wanted to try. James was insisting on a simple push, but Zoe wanted him to try to get into her head, read her thoughts. Ada was silent, listening both sides, but not weighing in when they both turned to her, asking for her opinion.

"I would be more comfortable starting small, but am going to support Zoe on this. Trying to get into her head, that deeper connection, is what you fear the most, right James? That is the root of your fear since the incident at the mall."

James nodded, his face pale.

"I think that whatever happened, happened because you feared the attack, you feared that it might involve others like Zoe. You were pressed for time and acted instinctively. I think, and I pray that I am right, that Zoe is the perfect person for this test. You love her, that much is clear to anyone who is in the same room with the two of you for more than five minutes." She grinned at both of them.

"You won't be hurried, you won't be panicked and you won't be threatened. If you can do this, if you can get into her head, I think it will go a long way towards helping you face this fear and continue to build your strength, your control."

James stared at his feet, weighing his mother's words, feeling the truth, and the support, behind them. He was still scared, but if he was going to get over this phobia, he needed to do this sooner or later. He looked at Zoe and he could feel the love and the trust she had in him.

He nodded, his face still pale, but his expression determined.

Zoe kissed him on the cheek, whispering, "You can do this. I am not afraid of you, I trust you with my life." before sitting back, getting comfortable on the couch.

James tried to relax, to let his senses center on Zoe. He could feel her excitement, her expectations. He concentrated on her, his senses narrowing, he could feel her, feel a buzz, as if she were a live wire. He closed his eyes, concentrating on that feeling, exploring it, looking for a way past, through it. He was about to back out, to withdraw his mental probe when he saw it. A bright white spot, different that the emotional colors he was used to seeing. It was flashing, being obscured as her emotional state fluctuated, but now that he had seen it, he could track it, follow it.

When he narrowed his mental probe even further, he extended it until it touched. And he was there. He could see her thoughts! She was wondering if he was going to be able to do it, praying he would succeed. She was hoping that this would help him, rebuild his confidence, lift the dark cloud that was still hovering over him. She was picturing a dozen times in the last week when she would catch him frowning, his eyes unfocused like he was in his memories again. It hurt to see him that way, to know that she couldn't sooth that pain.

James felt the tears rolling down his cheeks, and he saw her reaction when to the sight of him crying, feeling a weird sense of being out of body and he saw what she was seeing. She was devastated, thinking that she had pushed him too hard, that she had caused him pain when she wanted to ease it instead.

He laughed, startling her and his mother both. He opened his eyes, backing out of her vision when the double vision made him dizzy, and he winked at her.

"I did it." he whispered. "I did it."

His mother leaned forward, her expression intent and her curiosity piqued.

James leaned forward, taking Zoe's hands. "Baby ... love, it is not your fault, and not your responsibility to take these pains from me. You are doing everything you can, and everything right. You are supporting me, and I couldn't ask for anything more. Seeing, in your thoughts, the pain that I cause you, well, it hurts, but it helps too. I know now, I can fix it now."

Zoe's eyes overfilled, her own tears flowing down her cheeks, but she was smiling, so very proud of him. "You really did it. Oh baby, you did it!!"

She flew into his arms, kissing him and then wiping his tears. "Quick, what am I thinking?" she asked with a grin.

James blushed, he was NOT going to say that out loud. Zoe broke out in peals of laughter as she saw his expression. "He really did it, he's in my head!"

Ada was smiling, able to guess what kind of thought made her son blush. "Son, can you communicate with her? Can you talk to her in her mind or maybe send an image if not words?"

James turned his eyes back to Zoe, feeling his way around his connection, unsure how to proceed. He tried just thinking a message. "You have a majorly hot ass." but when she didn't react, he tried to push a little, focusing on his connection, aiming the push down the "pipe" between them. "Your lips make me hungry."

Still nothing. Zoe and his mother were still looking at him expectantly, and Zoe was thinking aloud, obviously wanting him to read her. "You can do this baby, I know you can! Send me a picture of your favorite body part!"

James grinned at her, and she giggled. He formed a picture of her ass, the way he had seen it last weekend, when they were supposed to be at the pool but had come here, to his house when his parents were out. He pictured the silky smooth skin, the apple-shaped curves of her cheeks, the feel of the firm muscles under his fingers. He projected, and pushed, trying both at once but no reaction. Then, in a moment of inspiration, he tried something new, kind of wrapping the image up in a new probe and sending it in alongside the original.

Zoe jerked up straight, her eyes flew open and her face turned bright red, her eyes shining with hidden mirth. "You are a dirty boy!"

Ada laughed at her reaction. "What did he say?"

Zoe grinned at her. "He didn't say anything. I was thinking to him, trying to get him to relax and told him to send me a picture of his favorite body part." She blushed again. "He sent me a picture of my butt! I know it was from him, not something I dreamed up, because it is not an angle I have ever, or could ever see for myself."

Ada's eyes shot to James, her eyebrows climbing into her hairline. "James, I ... um ... Never mind, I don't want to know." she shook her head, hiding a smile behind her hand. "So, images you have figured out, what about thoughts? Can you send them the same way?"

James mentally reviewed the second probe, then tried the same thing, with his thoughts instead of a picture. "I love you, Zoe, and I really do love your ass."

Zoe laughed, jumping up the couch and bouncing up and down. "OH MY GOD! I totally heard that. It was LOUD too!" Turning to Ada, "He said "I love you and I really do love your butt!" she said, giggling.

Ada looked thoughtful. "I think with practice, this could be very useful. You will have to practice, and learn to adjust the volume, by the sounds of it, but this is fascinating! James, would you ... could you try it with me?" She sounded plaintive, as if she felt she was missing out on something special with her son.

James let the connection with Zoe lapse, and began over again with his mother. This time it was a little easier, since he knew what to look for. In just a few moments, he was there, in her mind. He cocked his head, amazed at the difference.

He sent her a thought, and a picture to go with it. "Remember this?" and sent an image from his memory, of the two of them riding a carousel when he was seven or eight years old. They had taken a day trip to a carnival and had a fantastic day, the three of them.

He smiled as his mother gasped, her eyes suspiciously shiny, and she covered her mouth. "That was lovely, James. I can't believe you recall that! Zoe, darling, James sent me a lovely image. He was eight. His father and I took him to a carnival and we had a lovely time. He sent me a picture of me, sitting next to him on a carousel."

"It was easier this time, now that I knew what to look for. Your mind ... um ... I don't have the words. It tastes different that Zoe's. Hers is like peppermint, sweet and kinda zippy, like a burst of flavor. Yours is smoother, calmer, like a cup of tea, maybe. I know that probably doesn't make any sense, but it is the only way I can think of to describe it."

"When you are there, when you are in my mind, can you see my memories?"

"I don't know. Mostly what I see, at least so far, is the surface thoughts. You can think something directly to me, like Zoe did, and I can see what you are thinking, but not quite as strongly, when you are thinking to yourself. Right now, for instance, you are wondering if I can peek and see ... whoa, that was cool. You started singing, in your head!" He grinned at his mother. "I see what you did! You didn't want me to know what you were wondering. Nice trick, mum!"

"You can search my memories, James. Don't worry your mother, she is your mom and she can have any private memories she wants." Zoe said with a wink at Ada.

James switched back to Zoe, and started feeling his way around, searching for anything new, different. He got distracted when Zoe started actively recalling her new favorite activity involving his tongue and...

"Zoe! That is not helping, baby!" Her grin was decidedly wicked in nature, and Ada rolled her eyes, smiling in spite of herself.

"Again, I don't want to know!"

After they all stopped laughing, he tried again. Zoe was trying to blank her mind, concentrating on the feel of her jeans beneath her fingertips. He was only getting what was on the surface, no matter how he probed, pried, scanned.

He looked at his mother, shaking his head. "I know I got something from the guy at the mall, I saw him in his memory, drinking beer in the parking lot with the other two, but I can't figure out how I got it. I can't see any way into Zoe's memory.

"That's quite all right, James. How do you feel? Any pain? Discomfort? Any misgivings?"

James was silent for a moment, then shook his head. "I feel fine, mum. Nothing wrong, nothing different except a sense of relief, and excitement, of course!"

"Then this would be a good time to stop for now. Practice with your lovely lady. When you are ready, we can try other things. Baby steps, my baby boy!" She grinned at him.

"Thanks, mum, ever so much. Having you hear to help us, it meant a lot."

"Amen! Thanks Ada, for helping me convince him. He's stronger than he knows, I just have to get him to see it too!"

The next couple of weeks were fun for James. With practice, he could slip into anyone's mind. He found himself skipping from person to person in his classes, finding most people boring, a surprising number were so self centered that their thoughts were rarely about others, except for where they impinged on their lives.

Some of the thoughts he read were titillating. Jimmy Doogan, a kid in his home room, had a serious crush on Ms. Sommers and a very, very vivid imagination!

The only dark spot was finding that another guy, Carl Owens, had the hots for Zoe. He was a big guy, at least six inches taller, and had that blonde hair, blue eyed surfer look and was the subject of half a dozen girl's daydreams. He felt a surge of jealousy and found himself mentally stalking the guy, watching him watch her. It was making him feel sick to his stomach, bringing up feelings and insecurities he didn't even know he had.

He forced himself to stay out of Carl's head, vowing to ignore the situation unless he acted on his desire or started to bother her. He felt that they guy was slimy, but he didn't have anything obvious to back it up and was honest enough with himself to admit that he might even be projecting his insecurity, looking for something wrong.

He even told Zoe what he saw, confessing that he was jealous, angry at the guy even though he hadn't really done anything wrong. This admission actually caused their first fight.

Zoe was flattered by the idea that Carl found her attractive, saying she thought he was pretty hot too. He was bothered, but held his peace. Then the very next day, the next day, when he arrived at school, he found Zoe leaning against the wall, and Karl leaning over her, very close, and they were talking and laughing.

James saw red. He wanted to smash Carl, to pull his arms off and beat him with the bloody stumps. He found himself reaching for Zoe, to see what she was thinking, feeling but he caught himself, feeling sick inside. He was not going to abuse his abilities, was not going to abuse Zoe by spying on her like that.

He spun around and considered walking away, just going home and playing sick. He was angry, he knew it, and didn't know how to handle it. What good was this power of his if he couldn't use it?

He spun back around an marched over to Zoe and Carl. Keeping his voice calm, he called out to her as he drew near.

"Zoe..."

She grinned and waved, then turned back to laugh at something Carl said.

Now James was seething. "What the fuck was she thinking?"

Stopping in front of her, ignoring Carl completely, he snarled.

"Really, Zoe? Yesterday, YESTERDAY, and this is what you do with it? Are you bored with me already?"

"What? No! Why would you say that?" Zoe looked shocked and confused.

"I don't know, Zoe. You tell me." he said, his anger slowly leeching away and being replaced by a sick, hollow feeling.

When he felt a hand on his shoulder, he tensed up.

"Look dude, we were talking here. You want to get lost?"

James didn't move for a moment, just stared at Zoe and saw her face go paper white. He spun, planting a single rigid knuckle, hardened by thousands of hours of weight lifting and boxing, square in the boys sternum, making him stumble backwards, his breath whooshing out of his lungs. Carl staggered back two steps until his heel hit a concrete parking stop and he went head over heels, ending up on his back and wheezing painfully.

James stepped forward, standing over the boy, his fists clenched and his face locked in a snarl.

"Don't ever fucking touch me you asshole. I will rip your fucking head off."

Carl looked scared, crabbing backwards on his hands and feet. "What the hell dude, I was just talking to the girl!"

"She's free to do whatever she wants, but you don't ever fucking touch me. EVER!"

"You're that psycho fucker, I heard about you." Carl said, real fear in his voice and he got to his feet and took off running.

James spun back around, his eyes burning. Zoe stood there, her hands over her mouth, her eyes full of fear and it hit him in the gut, making him nauseous. She was afraid of him, of HIM.

Ashamed, he looked away. "Do what you want, Zoe. I am sorry I scared you and you can ... whatever." he stalked away, not looking back at her, his stomach burning, his heard heavy and near to tears.

He stomped into first period English, avoiding his usual spot and chose a desk in the front row, all the way on the end farthest from the door. He dropped his bag, sat down and buried his face in his arms on the desk.

He wanted to scream, to throw something. How could she do that? How could she take what he told her in confidence, knowing what she knew, and openly flirt with that fucking coward right there in front of the damn school? Right where they meet every god-damned day?

Instead, of raging, he sat there fighting back tears. He had read her, she loved him. Could she have already decided to move on? So fast? He wanted to reach out, tear the information out of her head. He couldn't, of course, even if he knew how. Even if she was faithless, he couldn't be, any more than he could just use his power to torture that dickless Carl fucking Owens.

The rest of the students were filing in but he kept his head on the desk, not wanting to see them, or them to see him. He radiated disinterest, boredom, invisibility. He pretended he was an empty, broken desk and encouraged people to sit elsewhere, to leave him alone. He was concentrating so hard on this that he was startled when a hand touched his shoulder.

He jerked his head up and Zoe was standing there. He didn't want to face this right now, didn't want to deal with his, couldn't deal with this.

"What?" he said, trying his best to keep his voice level, emotionless.

"Don't, James. I can feel you. You are pushing everyone away from you right now. Don't, okay? You can't do this to me!"

"Do this to you? To YOU? Zoe, I thought you understood me. You, of all the people in this whole world, I really thought you understood."

Her face crumpled, her eyes bright with unshed tears, but she stood her ground. "Come with me. Please, James, if you love me, come with me." and she held out her hand.

James, his elbows on the desktop, lowered his face to his hands for a moment, breathing hard, trying to decide. How could he? How could he not?

Angry again, he stood, ignoring her hand, and pointed towards the door.

"Fine, let's go. I know how I feel."

Zoe followed him out of the room into the hall, then she took the lead and he followed her out of the building and down the steps in front of the school, back to where this whole farce had started.

She stopped and turned to face him, tears running down her face.

"What happened here, James?"

"What happened???" he parroted, incredulous. He wanted to scream at her 'You betrayed me right here!' but he caught himself, breathing heavily. He jammed his hands in his pockets, trying to control his breath ... in and out, in and out.

"Why did you do it? After I told you yesterday about that scumbag having the hots for you, today I come to school, expecting to meet you in our spot, where we meet every day so I can tell you how much I love you before we go to class. The spot where I can get my morning kiss, the reason I get out of bed. And what do I find? You, flirting with that fucking asshole. He was practically kissing you. Why Zoe? Did you get out of bed thinking "How can I hurt James the most today? How can I get him so angry he wants to lash out?" Is that what it was? Did I do something to make you angry? Make you want to strike out at me? To hurt me?" James's voice was filled with vitriol, anger spitting out each and every syllable.

Her face was pale and she was shaking, and this made him even madder.

"Then, when that fucker put his hands on me, when he grabbed me and I hit him with one tiny knuckle, you look at me like that, like that, " he said pointing at her expression, "like I am a monster, like I would ever hurt you. Do you really not know me at all? Don't you know me?" His last words were filled with anguish, his voice breaking and he spun in place, not wanting her to see his tears.

"It was just harmless flirting, James! I love you, I have always loved you, not him. It was just a little fun! Then you come in, so angry, like an avenging angel. You say he grabbed you, okay, but I didn't see that. I just saw you turn and hit him, saw him fly back into the parking lot. I've never seen you like that, of course I was scared!"

James was stunned. He replayed the events in his mind. He spun back. "I can show you."

She still looked frightened, but straightened her shoulders, nodding.

He closed his eyes, arrowed in and captured her mind. He cracked her open, held her captive and he poured out the events front his point of view, complete with his anguish, his anger, his feelings of betrayal and the pain that wracked him. He showed his point of view when he called her and she just blew him off to go back to talking to Carl. He showed her what he saw, her face an Carl's just inches apart as if they were about to kiss, or just had. He showed her his almost overwhelming urge to attack Carl, to really hurt him, and his refusal to give in to it, his turning away. He showed her Carl's grab, his flaring anger again and even gave her the impact of his middle knuckle on the boy's sternum, the vision of him staggering back and tripping.

When he opened his eyes, Zoe had crumpled to the ground, sitting on the concrete, her eyes wide open and a nauseous expression on her face. She was shaking like a leaf, and staring at him in horror. She screamed, a sound that seemed to slice though his soul.

James shuddered, his heart felt as if it were breaking. She was finally seeing him for the monster he really was. He made a decision to just walk away, to go home and beg his parents to put him in another school or let him drop out, or anything that meant he wouldn't have to see the pain in her eyes ever again. His heart heavy, he turned to leave and felt Zoe wrap herself around his legs, tears streaming from her eyes and a piteous wail coming from her mouth.

She was moaning, babbling, clutching his legs and begging him to not leave her.

James knelt down and grabbed her shoulders, forcing her to look at him. "Breathe Zoe, I won't hurt you, I promise, I would never hurt you."

"Look, oh god, James, look. Look in my head, Look in my heart. Please, I beg you, LOOK!" she screamed the last, burying her head in his shins, her tears soaking his pants legs.

He disengaged her hands, sat down and held them in his own. He opened up the link, and he opened his mind to her.

Her head was a maelstrom of self-loathing and, yes, fear, but not fear of him. Fear for him, fear for herself. She was tearing herself up, berating herself, flogging herself mentally and emotionally. She was a slut, a shameless, worthless slut who had hurt the only man she had ever loved. She had driven him to the brink, almost causing him to attack someone, to collapse back into the madness of the time after the mall, all because she was stroking her own ego over some idiot who she didn't even like. She only flirted with him because Anna and Doris had a crush on him and she wanted to tease them.

She had ignored James, her James when he arrived, intent on stroking her own ego, flirting with another man right in front of him! She kept reviewing the scenes that James had sent her, spiraling deeper and deeper into self-loathing and depression. James had almost died last time, lashing out at someone, and she had pushed him to it again!"

Zoe was almost catatonic, not even crying anymore, her eyes wide open and the horror there was at her actions, not his.

"Aw shit." James said, "what have I done?"

Scooping her up, he rushed her into the school, carrying her to the Nurse's office, slamming the door open with his shoulder and blowing past the receptionist, ignoring her. He barged into the patient area and lay her down on the bed, kneeling beside her and taking her head in his hands.

He dove back in and he pushed. He forced her to breathe, to calm down, to listen to him, to the sound of his voice. He showed her that he still loved her, that she had made a mistake, but only because she hadn't understood. She hadn't known, couldn't have known how thin the line was for him, that line between sanity and madness. He showed her that she was his anchor, his reason for clinging to sanity, and he needed her, he loved her.

James could hear voices in the office, a babble of concerned adults, questions being asked, adults being insistent, but he shut them out, sending a quick pulse of patience, of quiet at them.

He concentrated on Zoe, countering her self-loathing, smoothing the memories he had shared with her, soothing her pain, calming her, supporting her and loving her. When she began to calm down, to listen to him, to respond to his questing mind, he back off a little.

'I'm so sorry, James. I never meant to hurt you, not you! Not ever you!'

'Shhh, I know that now. I am sorry, I shouldn't have pushed so much, showed you so much, it was such a bad idea.'

'NO!' she screamed mentally. 'NO! I needed to understand. I needed to know. I can't be your woman if you won't let me in. I need this, I need to see the real you so I can help, so I never do stupid, childish things like this again. James, love, I hurt you so badly, so thoughtlessly. I can never make up for that, but I can promise to never, ever do something so horrible again.'

'How could you have known? I barely know my own mind. I just ... I just lost it, I lost control. You saw the monster that is inside me, something I never wanted you to see, never wanted you to know. I am scared, frightened for YOU!'

'They are getting frightened, love. I am okay now. As long as you love me, as long as you don't give up on me, I will be okay. Be patient with me, my love. I am just a little girl inside, and sometimes I don't think, but it doesn't mean I don't love you with all my heart, okay? Just love me, help me to understand, to really understand.'

'I promise, baby. Look, we have to talk to them, to straighten this out. They have already called our parents. Just let me handle this, okay?'

'Of course.'

Keeping the link open to Zoe, he stood and turned to face the room. Principal Winters, Nurse Sloan, Vice-Principal Evans and the receptionist were all gathered in the doorway, their faces worried and their eyes darting back and forth between James and Zoe.

"Mr. Anderson?" Principal Winters asked, a world of weight on those two words, a demand for information.

James radiated calm, acceptance and good will, then reaching out, he pushed. He made the receptionist lose interest, urging her to return to her desk. He did the same with the Vice-Principal, convincing him that his bladder desperately needed emptying. This all happened in the blink of an eye as he stepped forward, turning to the nurse.

"Ma'am, Principal Winters, Zoe collapsed outside, sick to her stomach, headache and dizziness. she started hyperventilating, panicking, so I carried her in here, and I was helping her calm down. I am sorry if I ignored you, but she needed me, she needed to focus on something other than her panic." As he spoke, James was pushing as hard as he could. He was pushing credulity, trust, faith in his judgment and sympathy for the poor, sick girl.

It worked, and the Principal just shook her head, a look of pity on her face, before nodding at the nurse and leaving. The nurse, already a sympathetic soul, went to Zoe and felt her head, looked into her eyes.

"Are you ok, dear?" she asked, softly, holding Zoe's hand.

"Yes, ma'am. I don't know what happened. I wasn't feeling very well, a bad period this month, but I thought it would be okay to come to school. I started getting sick in the classroom and James helped me outside before I almost fainted." she said. In her head, where she could feel the active link with James, 'I can't believe how strong you are getting, how fast you reacted. I could feel it, I could actually feel you do it!'

'I don't know why, or how, but with the link active, I could feel you there, like you were helping me. I knew you were my other half, but I never knew how true that was until now.' James sent, marveling at the interaction.

James sat on the edge of the bed, holding her hand, and pushed calm acceptance to the nurse. She seemed to accept his right to be there, and bustled around, getting Zoe a second pillow and a light blanket.

Their parents arrived shortly, coming through the door almost together. James's mother and Zoe's mother, giving each other a knowing look as they met at the office, and going in together.

'I am going to have to talk to mum, but I will connect with you as soon as I am done, ok? I need to have a private word with mum, convince her to keep your mom calm.' James reassured Zoe, not comfortable with leaving her alone, even for a moment. She was very fragile.

'Hurry... '

James let the connection fall, and began to panic when Zoe's eyes rolled up into her head, her limbs rigid, and she began to shake, twitching like someone had applied an electric current. She was having a seizure!

Faster than he had ever dared do before, he slammed his connection back into place and, like throwing a light switch, Zoe collapsed, her breath coming fast as if she had just run a marathon.

'Zoe! Zoe! Talk to me, baby! Are you ok?' using every trick he had learned, every sense he had access to, he held her close to his chest and projected calm, love, support while trying his best to hide his terror. The seizure when the connection had dropped had only lasted a second or two, but James was as scared as he could ever remember being.

'James? What happened?'

Her mental voice was weak, confused, but he could feel it firming up, coming back to where it was and he felt weak with relief.

'I don't know, but I think ... I think we have special connection. Something about all of this has connected us in a very real sense. When I dropped the connection, you had a seizure! I think we need to stay together until we can figure this out. I won't risk you getting hurt!'

James contacted his mother, still holding Zoe in the link.

'Mum, we need to get out of here. It's too much, today, there have been some changes. I need to be with Zoe and she needs to not be here. When I tried to disconnect, she started seizing ... Scared the hell out of me. We have to stay connected, mum, we have to!'

Ada's face registered surprise at both the clarity and the message. She nodded, fractionally, but answered inside her head as well, thinking clearly so that James could read her.

'I don't think know what to make of this, son, but I trust your judgment. Is that... ?' she trailed off, then her eyes opened even wider.

'Can I call you mum too?' Zoe thought, knowing that with James's help, Ada would hear her.

'Oh my... '

Zoe's mother, not included in this little conference, had rushed to Zoe's side. "What happened, baby?" concern in her voice, her eyes scanning Zoe for some sign, some trauma.

"Momma, I felt sick to my stomach, felt faint. Then I kind panicked when I couldn't catch my breath and James helped me to not hyperventilate. He carried me in here to the nurse."

Ailene looked at James, grateful, and took his hand in hers.

Ada placed her hand on Ailene's shoulder. "Let's get them out of here. I have a feeling that home is the best place for these two today."

Ailene looked up at her, unasked questions in her eyes, but she nodded.

Ada got into her own car, but nodded at Ailene's car and smiled at James. "I'll follow you, ok?"

'Thanks, mum' ('Thanks, mum!')

She shook her head, wonder in her eyes as she stared after them.
Chapter 7 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 6 |   Bottom
Chapter 7
Posted: September 18, 2015 - 07:28:49 am

At Zoe's house, he insisted on carrying her inside and placed her on the living room couch. They had been carrying on a silent conversation the whole trip, mostly reassuring each other, swapping apologies and endearments.

James smiled at her, hating that it had happened this way but feeling closer than ever, better grounding and better connected.

'I think we might have to show this to your mom, Zoe.'

"Oh! Maybe you are right. But what about dad? Stacy?'

'I don't know your dad well, and he doesn't seem overly fond of me after the fallout from the mall.' James sent, embarrassment and sadness at that dark episode coloring his thoughts. 'I think Stacy could handle it, and she might even be able to help us, suggest things we haven't thought of. She's pretty smart.'

'James Anderson. Is there where I get jealous? She has already seen you naked, does she get to know you more intimately too?' Zoe was teasing, but there was an undeniable kernel of discomfort there as well.

'When we have some time, I have an idea. When I sent you my version of what happened this morning, ' he felt his stomach roil, it still riled him up a bit, though he tried to minimize how much of those feeling were transmitted to Zoe, he knew he couldn't block them, not if he wanted her to really trust him, to know him. 'I had never been able to do that before. Stress seems to be the key, but I think I know how to show you everything, to help you understand the good parts and not just the horror story in my head.'

Zoe could feel his residual anger, recognizing it for what it was, and sending back love and apologies, promises to never, ever be that clueless and careless. 'I am in your hands, love. I want this, more than I can say. I feel so close to you, so connected to you. It is like you are inside my head, my heart, and I can feel you, I can feel your heart, feel your ... your soul!'

James sent back pride and awe. 'You are getting so good at this, so fast! You are amazing!'

'I can see it, on a weird, deep level. I see you do it, then I can do it, like my mind is learning directly from yours. It is so exciting! Like I have been blind my whole life, but now I can see.'

Mental conversations took a fraction of the time that a verbal one took, and their comments flew back and forth at the speed of thought. He was just setting her down on the couch when they paused, and he tried something new as he bent down to kiss her gently on the lips. In his head, he mirrored the feel of her lips on his, the tender feelings that it gave him, the warm feeling of love and excitement that kissing her brought out in him. He showed her how beautiful she was in his eyes.

Zoe gasped, gazing up at him in wonder. 'Oh my ... that was ... wonderful. Do I ... Do I really look like that to you? I can't really be glowing, someone would have noticed, and my nose is crooked, not perfect like you are showing me. And my boobs? My boobs are NOT that big!' the awe and humor came through clearly as she saw herself through his eyes.

She concentrated, her nose and brow wrinkling a bit. 'This is you, my love' and she pushed back, copying what he had done, and sending him a view of him through her eyes, buttressed and enhanced by her love, her desire and her trust in him. It was James's turn to gasp, looking in shock at the idealized, almost heroic figure she imagined when she saw him. He looked like a short, young superman!

'Show me for real, you minx!' he thought, sure she was teasing him. She simply opened for him, allowed him to see directly through her eyes. He was dumbstruck. How? 'Oh my.'

"Ok, you two. Out with it." Ailene was standing there, hands on her hips and a look that brooked no nonsense in her eyes. "I know you are holding back, you aren't telling me everything. I get it, you weren't sure, you didn't know if I would wig out and get hysterical. Trust me here, I am a mother of two teen girls. I can handle it. Zoe, are you pregnant?"

Zoe burst out laughing, her face beet red. She shook her head. "No mom! I am not pregnant. I may be sixteen but you yourself got me the pill last year for my periods."

Ailene looked a fine mix of annoyed and embarrassed. "So, that just means it is something else." she stood her ground, her arms now crossed under her breasts and her glare intensifying.

'I think you should do it.' James thought.

'Me? I have to work through you, remember?'

'No, love. You don't. As far as I can tell, as long as we are linked, you can do what I can do. Maybe not as strong, and I have more practice, but you can do it!'

'Oh my. Sheesh, I seem to be saying that a lot lately!' she mused, then concentrated. 'Um, James, I don't know how to connect.'

'Oh, sorry love! I forgot, I was so wrapped up in having you in my head, it feels so very good. Watch me, follow me, baby. See her emotions? She how they ebb and flow, the strongest always the largest and brightest? You will learn how to tell them apart, they each have their own flavor. Now watch here, in the middle, see those little flashes of white light? That is her, her mind. Watch now, I am going to make a probe, and slide it in between the emotions, directly to the mind spot. See how I can squeeze it down, make it tiny enough to slide right in, like a needle? But look, inside the needle, see how big it is? Neat, huh?'

James slid the needle home, connecting for the barest instant, the expanding the tube, the emotions re-routing around it but not disturbed. He broke the connection before Ailene even noticed anything strange.

'Your turn, baby. Just like I showed you. Go slow at first, especially when you make contact. You don't want to shock her.'

He watched her as she formed the needle, and slowly extended it, taking her time, and then, right before it touched the mind spot, she hesitated. 'I'm a little scared, James, Do I want to see inside my mom's head? What if there are things there, thoughts there that I don't want to know?'

'I know baby, its how I felt the first time, with you.' he radiated embarrassment. 'I didn't know how beautiful your mind was, how bright and filled with goodness. My mum was easier, I have known her longer and she is the person I trusted most in the world ... until now.'

He felt her glow, and then she slid it home, piercing the mind spot.

'Mom?'

"I'm waiting." her mother answered, not realizing that the voice was in her mind.

'Look at me momma. Watch my face, my mouth. Maybe you should sit down though, this can be odd the first time.'

James brought his mum into the loop, sharing the conversation that was happening.

"Wha ... but." Ailene said, her eyes wide. She backed up and collapsed into a chair, rubbing her eyes. "How?" she asked, then her eyes darted to James. "You?"

'Yes momma. Say hello, baby.'

'I am sorry we hadn't told you, but this is all very new for us. I learned how to do it Saturday. Today, we had a bit of a ... well, we had a fight, Zoe and I. A misunderstanding, mostly.'

'Momma, I did something very stupid, very juvenile and I hurt him so ... I didn't mean to, but I did. I was in denial, I was making it worse, turning James against me and against himself. I almost ruined everything!'

That pain that radiated through her link to her mother made both Ailene and Ada gasp, wincing and shivering. They both turned their eyes to James.

'It's ok, now. It was just ... growing pains. I was very, very angry though, for a while. When Zoe didn't understand, ' he paused, and looked at Zoe, sending her his love and an apology for what he was going to say. 'When she refused to understand, I was going to leave, walk away and never come back. She pushed me, yelled at me, asked me to show her what I saw, what I felt.'

James felt himself shiver, and could feel his pain, a pail echo of the anger he had felt that morning and the despair that had almost undone him. He showed them, let them taste just a little, and he saw both mothers begin to cry. He hated to do it, to inflict it on them, but they needed to understand too.

'I showed her. I was very angry, very hurt and I pushed ... I sent them into her mind full power. What I saw, what I heard, what I felt ... all of my anger and despair, all of my pain. It was too much for her. It was too much and I tried to stop it, but the link had formed. I was ... devastated, undone. I rushed her to the nurse's office and stayed with her, worked with her, showed her how to control it, to master it. Somehow, in that mix, she became ... well, me. She could see what I see, feel what I feel, could follow my mental processes, see how I did things.'

James opened his mouth, his voice loud in the quiet room. "Now, when she is linked with me, she can do what I do. She has become, even more than I dreamed possible, my other half. She is my soul mate, in a very real, very personal way."

"We have much to learn, but it will be that much easier with another to share the burden with." he said, his voice low, but filled with hope.

"My god ... I don't know what to say! I always thought that telepathy was something made up for movies, for stories. Are there others?" Ailene asked, scooting forward on her chair, excited in spite of her concern for her daughter.

"I don't know. Mum said that it was our family, but never mentioned any others. Mum, did you ever hear about others?"

Ada shook her head, smiling at her son, and moved over to sit next to Zoe, hugging her and kissing her cheek. "It's ok with me, my dear, dear daughter." she whispered and smiled at the joy in Zoe's face.

"So ... what now? Can you give this to others? Share this ... power, this ability?" Ailene asked, hope creeping into her voice.

James shook his head. "I don't think so. I don't know, mind you, but I don't think so. Zoe and I already had a special bond. She was the first person I connected to, the person I sent images and thoughts to. We had a link from the very first time we met. I don't know how it even happened, and how today's events made it stronger, more intimate."

"Mom..." Zoe said "We can't tell anyone. We told you because you are family, my mother. You deserved to know that I wasn't some emotionally unstable ninny, that James was not dangerous. You needed to know. But we can't let anyone outside the family know. Can you imagine the panic? The government stepping in?"

Zoe let that hang there. She knew her mother was picturing a dozen stories, a hundred movies, and when she shivered, her face paling, she nodded at her mother, and sent her a mental hug, warmed Zoe's love for her.

Ailene sat back, her mind whirling. "So what now? What does this mean for the two of you?"

Zoe looked to James, and James smiled at her. He shrugged.

'We don't really know. I don't know the range yet, so we have to find that out first. I don't want to be apart from Zoe while we are figuring this bond out. Just the thought makes me sick to my stomach.'

'Momma, I know that I am your baby, and that I am just sixteen. Ok, ok, almost seventeen, but I can't be away from James. I don't think I could survive it.'

"Oh hell." she said, lowering her face to her hands.

James grinned at Zoe. He followed her probe, amazed at how smoothly she connected with the mind spot. She was a natural.

'Stacy, this is your conscience. Or your sister, one of those.'

They both smiled when they heard Stacy's cry of surprise. James an Zoe were in Zoe's bedroom, and Stacy was in her own room down the hall. James had been showing Zoe how to extend her reach, but were finding out that she only had about twenty feet for an empathic read, but about half that for a mental touch. They had agreed to tell Stacy, but James suggested practice, mixed with a little bit of fun.

'Stacy, can you come to my room? James wants to tell you something.'

There was a bang, like Stacy had thrown her door open, and the sound of pounding feet. Zoe's door swung open, and Stacy stood there, her eyes wide. She was dressed in only panties and a sleeveless t-shirt, no bra.

James turned to face the window, and Zoe giggled. 'You have seen her before, and in less than that!' she teased.

James was surprised, not even a touch of jealousy. He cautiously probed, letting her know what he was doing, and she grinned at him, opening herself completely. 'You have access to anything you want, lover. I will have no secrets from you. I trust you to be a gentleman.'

'Oh great, now I feel even guiltier. I was going to eviscerate that idiot today for just flirting with you, but I get to look at your sisters boobies.'

'Oh baby, that is not what I meant! I kind of like that you were jealous, but now you will know for sure. I won't even make you feel like that again, never make you want to go to that dark place. I love you!'

Stacy stared for a moment, then came in and shut the door behind her.

"What.The.Hell.?"

'Hello, Stacy. I like your outfit, thought it is not as nice as the one you wore in the shower.' James said, then laughed at loud both at Stacy's sardonic grin and at Zoe's mental laugh.

Stacy did a double take, her eyes wide.

'It's real, Stacy. James is telepathic, and now that we are linked, I can do the same. Neat, huh?'

"Neat? NEAT? It's awesome! Quick what am I thinking, James?"

'You are thinking ... oh hell. Um, Zoe, you can take this one.' James blushed, and he averted his eyes. There was no hiding from Zoe now.

'But sweetheart, she never saw it ... standing tall, not like I have.'

"Oh my god, you two are doing it?? Having sex? Wow! I waited until I was eighteen, but I didn't have a muscled hunk like James either." Stacy winked at James, then laughed when his blush deepened.

Stacy jumped onto Zoe's bed, the interesting physics of her unrestrained bosom catching James eye and earning him another mental poke from Zoe.

'Stacy, James can't stop staring at your boobs, can you get a shirt or take that one off? Something has to give.' Zoe teased, but she was wishing she hadn't when Stacy whipped her shirt of and threw it at her boyfriend.

"I was joking!" Zoe cried, grabbing the comforter from her bed and draping it over her sister. "Holy cow, Stacy, we need to find you a boyfriend!"

"Not going to share? Fine, be that way. Now, give. I want the whole story here! Aliens? Secret government experiment? Bit by a radioactive ... er ... something or other?"

James and Zoe took turns filling her in on the whole tale, but asked her to keep it in the family.

'James and I will be sharing time between here and his house, not sure of the schedule. With our bond, we need to be near each other. We thought it would be easier to fill you in than to have to make up a bunch of lies. And we already know we can trust you.'

It was Stacy's turn to blush. "Um, damn. You can totally read my mind, can't you? Oh hell, I am sorry Zoe." She looked really upset.

'Zoe? I don't want to invade her privacy. She's your sister, is there anything you can see? Anything you can do to help?'

'Don't worry about it, baby. She's feeling guilty about something. Can you give us some privacy for a minute?

James tuned out, instead he browsed the pictures on Zoe's desk, seeing multiple pictures of her and her parents, of her and Zoe, a couple of her crew of friends. She was so cute as a little girl.

'Ok lover. It's, um. Hold on just a sec. Ok, I told Stacy about my promise, how important it was to me, to us. She says she understands.'

James peeked at Stacy, and saw that she was very uncomfortable. She was staring at her hands, and blushing furiously.

'Um ... are you sure?'

'Yes. I promised, and we need to be open with each other. It's not bad, just embarrassing for her. She said she has been having dreams about you. Dreams about the shower, but in much ... um, different circumstances.'

'Oh? Oh! ... oh ... okay?'

Zoe giggled. 'You are soo cute! Makes me want to take you in the shower again myself.'

James, deciding it was time to get some of his own back, grinned at her and then pushed...

'OOOOOOOOhhh ... oh, oh my god. Oh damn. I forgot you could do that! Wow ... we have got to make love tonight. Hey ... this sharing, like when we kissed, we could do that, right? Linked? '

James grinned at her, sending her images of her butt again.

'Hmmm ... you have such a dirty mind ... I love it!' Oh, James ... you have to, Stacy ... wait, warn her first.'

'Stacy. Come on Stacy, look at me. We love you, both of us. Zoe adores you, and you have done so much for us. You never have to hide anything from us. In fact, I have a gift for you. It was something I found when I was practicing with Zoe, but she wanted me to share it with you too.'

'Can I do this too? Can I think it and you hear me?'

'Sure you can. I have to be listening to you first, but I can read you just fine.'

'Somehow this is less embarrassing like this. Ok, so what is this ... gift?' Stacy was looking better, less self-conscious.

Zoe grinned and nodded. 'Hold on, Stacy... '

James pushed, and Stacy threw her head back, her eyes unfocused, and she let out a loud moan... "OOoh ... oh. oh my god ... yes ... ummm."

When she recovered, she stared at James, humor and a touch of hunger in her eye. 'How did you do that? That was ... wow! Not as nice at the real thing, but better than my shower head.', a wicked grin on her face.

James and Zoe had asked both sets of parents to sit down with them to discuss the changed situation. David and Ada Anderson had agreed to come to the Darcy/Stanton house, and they were all gathered in the living room.

James knew that the parents were not happy with the new link between him and Zoe, and none of them, with the possible exception of Stacy who found the whole thing just utterly fascinating, were smiling.

'Baby, I am going to try to link both of my parents and Stacy. See if you can link to your parents, it will be a good test of your strength and I am not sure if I can do six people at one time. Hell, I am not sure I can do four, but I think so.'

'Ok, lover. Here goes!'

'Got them? Ok, I am going to try sending to everyone at once. If it doesn't work, you will have to relay. You have seen me do it enough, you shouldn't have any problems.'

"I am sorry that we all have to get together like this. Not quite the family barbeque we had planned, but the situation has changed and we need to figure out how we are going to handle it." James went around the room, catching the eyes of each in turn.

"Just to make sure we are all on the same page, Dad, Mr. Darcy, especially since the two of you were at work when this happened, I want to back up a little."

James started pacing, he just couldn't stand still...

"This morning Zoe and I had ... a misunderstanding. It blew up faster than we could control, emotions running high. Zoe and I already had a special kind of link. You saw some of that after the incident at the mall, but this morning we forged a new link, not on purpose, but it happened, and this new link is ... well, it's a new kind of thing, something hard to explain."

"Wait," Stewart Darcy interrupted. "What the hell happened this morning?"

"I don't think the details are important, the results are what we need to discuss." James countered.

"Bullshit." Stewart's flat, angry statement caught everyone's attention. "We deserve to know. David and I are not going to be treated like poor relations, we are part of your families, damn it."

"Stew, it was all my fault." Zoe started, but James made a slashing movement, catching her eye and cutting her off.

"No, baby, it was not. It was both of us. Maybe it would be better... ?" he trailed off, vocally, but continued to her privately. 'Maybe we should show them. They haven't experienced the link yet, and it may be more effective.'

'Show them. Show them what you showed me. They need to know what I did.'

'Damn it baby, it was not all your fault and I will not let you take this all on yourself. I was a selfish, jealous, unstable asshole and I own part of the blame too.'

'Stop it. I will not, NOT let you talk like that. Just ... just show them, take mine, add yours, show them a condensed version, but be gentle with them, lover, I don't know if they could handle you when you ... you can be very intense.' Zoe sent over mental kisses, and the double entendre was not lost on James, settling him a bit and making him smile.

'Damn, handling me already, wife-to-be? I am going to be soooo pussy-whipped.'

Her mental giggle was almost enough to set him off, but he took a deep breath. They were still waiting.

"Ok, I am going to show you exactly what happened. I don't want you to be shocked, so if everyone," he made eye contact with each person, "would please sit back in their seats, get comfortable. This will seem odd, especially to you, Dad, and you Mr. Darcy, though Mum, Mrs. Darcy and Stacy have all had at least a little experience."

"What the hell are you talking about?" Stewart fumed.

"Damn it, Stew. Just hush and let him show you. And he wasn't kidding. You are sitting there, on the edge of your chair, like you are about to jump up and strangle something. Please, sit back, relax as much as you can. Close your eyes, even, it helps."

Confused, and still annoyed, he did as his wife asked. James's father follow suit and soon they were all as ready as they could be.

James closed his eyes, concentrated on creating a sort of mental short film. He took the memories that Zoe sent, mixed them with his own, making sure that the emotions involved were but a pale shade of the originals. He didn't want to overwhelm anyone or, even worse, forge another special link!

He began. His vision showed Zoe waiting in front of the school, Carl approaching. They saw her pleasure, and her memory of James's revelation the day before. They saw Zoe flirting, and James's arrival. His first attempt to get her attention. The show switched perspectives to James, his emotional turmoil, the anger and jealousy. The confrontation, the scuffle between James and Carl and the resulting argument. He slowed down here, tried to show how he had pushed his view to Zoe, to show her, to answer her demands for exactly that, and Zoe's emotional collapse.

He switched to Zoe's memory, her horror and pain, her confusion. He showed from her point of view the trip to the Nurse's station, the calming, soothing interaction with James as he helped her cope. Then came the attempt to break the link, and her memories stopped. Switching back to his own, he showed his horror and fear at her seizure, and the result when he connected again. He ended it with their conclusions at the time.

The entire process, thought being much faster than speech or video, only lasted about thirty seconds subjectively, but it seemed like an hour in their minds.

There was dead silence in the room for several minutes, as the adults all tried to process what they had seen and felt. There was not a dry eye in the room, and only Zoe's face wasn't pale and clammy.

'Stew? Mom? Are you ok?' Zoe sent mentally. 'James and I are connected, I always said that, but now we are linked. We cannot be separated until or unless we find a way to do it without that kind of issue. I asked James to give you our memories so you could see. Not for you to judge us, but so that you would understand us better. I am sorry if this was hard for you, but you saw a pale imitation of what we saw and felt.'

Stewart Darcy stared at his step-daughter, his mouth open, shocked. He turned his gaze on his wife, saw her tears and, most importantly, her acceptance. He turned his gaze to David and saw his shock, his tears. It was real, they had all seen the same thing. James and Zoe were ... they were telepathic. Holy mother of god.

"I ... I see." he said, looking back at Zoe, marveling that she was so calm, so content. "What we saw, what we felt from your point of view, that was all accurate?" At Zoe's nod, he continued. "Then why are you so calm? Why ... why are you smiling? Is he controlling you?"

Zoe, sending so that everyone could hear her, smiled sadly at her step-father. 'Stew, I am not being controlled. I am not being forced. I was so wrong this morning, and I know that. I loved James this morning, but as a child loves, as a young person loves. A crush, a romantic ideal, even though we have had a connection from the very beginning, it was a pale comparison to what we have now. Stew, Mom, Ada and David, Stacy too ... I am nowhere near as strong and as practiced as James is, but let me try.'

'Lover, let me, ok? Let them know it is all me, without your help. They need to know how I feel, be sure that I am still me. I think it is important.'

'I agree, baby. I am going to bow out, just let me know when are done.'

'No! You have to stay, you have to listen too. Just let me drive.'

Zoe took a second, then started forming her push, sending it out. James ended up helping, she was not strong enough to send out so many people, but he limited his help to backing her up, lending her strength only.

'Everyone, this is how I saw James yesterday.' The image she transmitted, the feelings and sensations, showed a visual of James as a strong, masculine but damaged figure. Her love for him was strong, but it was relatively shallow, focusing on how he looked, how he treated her, his need for her support and how she felt in having such a strong, handsome boyfriend, albeit one with some exciting abilities, a secret she felt special for having shared. They shared in her current embarrassment at what a shallow girl she had been, though even she recognized that the teenage girl of yesterday was perfectly normal.

'And this ... this is how I see him today.' The images and emotions that poured out of Zoe were stunning. They showed a connection with her on a level so primal, so intricate and intimate, that James was awed. She was putting into 'words' what he knew instinctively, and so much more effectively than he ever could. She showed them all his soul, and her soul, connected, intertwined and so intimately involved that they were almost one. It was as if his soul had been missing a large piece and, with her soul, had become whole.

'I know that this is such a poor example of how I feel that I am almost embarrassed to show it to you, but there is so much more that I cannot even begin to explain. I literally could not live if I couldn't be with James. He is my life now.'

'Stew, you asked if he was controlling me, if he made me feel this way, trapped me? If you could truly feel what I feel, see him as I see him, you wouldn't have to ask, you wouldn't even care. The thing is, now that I am part of him, I can see him, can see in his head, in his mind. He couldn't do something like that without me knowing. It just wouldn't be possible.'

Stacy, Ailene and Ada were all gathered around Zoe, hugging her and crying. David was on his feet as well, his arm around his son's shoulders and looking at him as if he had never seen him before, never really looked at him before.

Even Stewart, who hadn't been among James's admirers, was standing, his hand outstretched, asking without words for James acceptance, his forgiveness. He may not ever be James's biggest fan, but he could admire the boy anyway.

James suggested they take a break, get some refreshments and relax before continuing, reminding them that they still had a lot to talk about.

Gathered back together again ten minutes later, James took the floor once again.

"Ok, well ... that was pretty intense, but I think it was the best way to show you. Just telling you that Zoe and I were liked, were close, would have sounded like a teenage crush, an attempt to get around our parents, an excuse to convince you that we could ignore the normal rules. Now you know that it is not like that. We have some real issues, real problems to discuss."

"So you and Zoe cannot, literally cannot be separated?" David asked, seemingly fascinated by the idea.

"I don't know, Dad. I am getting stronger, and my range has increased, is increasing but, because of the physical issues, Zoe's seizure most importantly, we have been reluctant to test those limits. I cannot allow that to happen again, the danger is too great. I won't do anything that threatens her, her safety, her health or her sanity. I didn't ask for this, didn't want it to happen like this, but we have to deal with what is, not what we want it to be."

"Hell son, you sound like my Law Professor already. It's like you have aged twenty years in a week. You don't sound like the lad who wanted movie money a couple of months ago." his father grinned at him, shaking his head.

"So, " he continued, looking at the other adults, "The question is now, how do we deal with this? We know they have been sleeping together, or at least that is the impression I got. You don't get that level of intimacy, even the 'before' level they had, just holding hands."

James and Zoe looked at each other, both blushing, but James definitely more embarrassed by the revelation than Zoe. She just smiled beatifically.

The adults all exchanged looks, their expressions varied, but they all obviously agreed.

"If that cat is out of the bag, so to speak, then I doubt we are going to put it back now." Ailene said, smiling. "I don't want my daughter moving out though, and I am sure you feel the same, Ada, about James. Can we try splitting them between us, working something out? And how about school? How the hell is that going to work?" Turning back to James and Zoe, she asked, "Can you be split up for classes, as long as you are in the same building? Is your range enough for that?"

James looked thoughtful and Zoe just nodded to him, as if saying he should field this one.

"I just don't know. I want to experiment, to test the range but, and I am being honest here, I am afraid. What if that limit is binary ... as in, when I hit the maximum distance, the link just severs, throwing Zoe into a seizure again? It could be gradual, where the further the physical distance, the weaker the link, but how weak does it have to be before there is trouble?

He scanned the faces of the others, hoping that there would be a suggestion, but mostly making sure they were thinking about this issue.

"The other thing to consider is this: There have been several problems at school, and I don't know how much more we can expect them to put up with, frankly. I have been thinking about home schooling, maybe tutors?"

Stewart looked interested, his head cocking to the side and his eyes narrowing. "That actually sounds like a good idea. Oh, not because of the Principal or problems with the school, they can be dealt with, but from the secrecy angle. We don't want this, whatever this is, becoming public knowledge and the kids have some serious studying to do, issues to resolve, that they can't do in public. We need to protect them both from themselves and from the public, the government. Can you imagine if some of the less savory elements found out? Hell, the government can be more 'unsavory' than the mob."

"Tutors are not cheap." Ailene said, can we handle high-school level home schooling?"

"You have an Art degree, even if you don't use it today, and I have always known you were smarter than I am, it is what attracted me to you in the first place ... well, that and ... um, never mind." Stewart actually blushed, though his grin directed at Ailene was anything but innocent.

Ailene smiled at him, her own complexion pinking.

"My lovely wife has a degree in Literature, with a focus on the romance languages, so she is probably better educated than half the teachers, and Stewart from what I have seen, you are no slouch. I think some research is indicated to find out what is legally required, and what is morally required, to home-school them, but between the four of us, we have enough brain power to do the actual work." David said, nodding his head. "I am corporate law, but my firm is full service. Bernie Devens is a top notch family law chap, a partner, and he owes me a couple of favors."

"David, we need a physician we can trust." Ada chimed in. "We need to find out why Zoe is having seizures, and find a way to test if the link can be tested. Oh... " She paused, looking alarmed.

"James? What happens when you fall asleep? Will the link stay active?"

James looked stricken, blood draining from his face. He had not considered that.

"I don't know, mum, I hadn't even considered that. I think, think that it will be ok. Since the initial link, with the exception of when I deliberately broke the link, I have not had to actively maintain it. It is like it is self-sustaining. I don't even have to think about it, and don't notice it unless I look for the connection, it just is."

"I think we need to know for sure" she said, looking thoughtful.

"I can help." Stacy said, and every eye turned to her. She had been silent and the adults appeared to have forgotten she was present. Becoming the center of attention caused her to blush.

"I haven't been able to offer any help so far, I am just the big sister, but I am part of this and I want to help too. Tonight, or more if you think it is needed, I can watch over them while they sleep. I have a king-sized bed, we can all fit. At least you know they will be behaving with a chaperone present." She grinned at the adults, wagging her eyebrows. "Or, if you prefer, for tonight we can camp out down here. Throw some blankets and pillows on the floor." Her expression showed what she really thought about that idea.

The parents did that parent thing, telepathy without telepathy, and exchanged looks. When they reached a silent consensus, Ada spoke for them.

"We are not going to pretend to be happy that our children have started having sex, but we are not simple enough to think we could possibly prevent it if they are determined. Especially now. We just have to trust that they are being adult about it, being careful. I am just going to think happy thoughts about being a grandmother years and years from now." She turned a basilisk gaze on James and Zoe, causing them to grin at her. Her emphasis had not been overlooked.

"Having said that, if you want to let them sleep in your room tonight, or for a couple of nights if needed, and are willing to watch over them then I, for one, am grateful to you."

The other adults looked thoughtful and, one by one, they nodded. Stacy looked please, glad to be helping and glad that they trusted her to help.

'Stacy, sister of mine, you don't have any ulterior motives, do you?' Zoe teased her sister

'You have to sleep sometime... ' Stacy shot back, sticking her tongue out at Zoe.

James, the only one who had been included in that little aside, just shook his head at the sisters.

"So what are we going to do about the doctor?" Ailene said, getting them back on track.

"We can start by getting some tests run, without letting the doctor know that we have any clue about the cause of the seizure. Let's be honest here, we don't know what caused it, just what we think contributed. It may be something specific to Zoe, and we need to know." Ada added.

'I'm ok, mum.' Zoe sent privately to Ada.

'Hush dear, the adults are talking.' she thought back, but with a mental hug. James just grinned. He loved that his mum had accepted Zoe as her new daughter (daughter-in-law?) and he knew Zoe felt the same.
Chapter 8 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 7 |   Bottom
Chapter 8
Posted: September 18, 2015 - 07:28:49 am

The discussions lasted late into the evening, but James thought that it all went very well, considering.

The were going to be held out of school for a few days while David followed up on the legal issues involved with home-schooling in this state, and Ailene had gotten Zoe an appointment for the following Monday with a specialist.

The sleeping arrangements were more problematic, but only on a philosophical level. The two fathers, in particular, didn't think it was appropriate for their teens to be sharing a bed, much less having sex, but the wives were more pragmatic. It was generally decided to let the situation be unless there was a problem.

The first night was actually anticlimactic, Zoe and James slept in Stacy's room, with Stacy staying awake until they had been sleeping for a couple of hours, then waking them to test the link. It had stayed connected and an exhausted Stacy was happy to curl up with them and get some much-needed sleep.

When James woke up, his arm draped over Zoe and Stacy snuggled up to his back, couldn't help but grin He closed his eyes and indulged himself, sneaking a closer look in Zoe's mind to see if she was dreaming.

What he found disturbed him a bit. Zoe was picturing herself as a slave, but one bound in silken roped, and voluntarily submitting herself ... to him. She seemed so very happy to surrender herself, begging him to be her master. She was offering completely and total submission, telling the dream version of James that he owned her heart, body and soul, and if he accepted, she would live to make him happy.

James found the entire sequence disturbing on several levels. Zoe was a smart, vivacious woman with her own mind, her own ideas. That she would be dreaming about submitting herself seemed to mean there was a change in her personality. Was he responsible? Was it a side effect of the link? Could he 'fix' it? The other part that was disturbing was how very erotic the scene was, how deeply it affected him. Was this indicative of some deeply buried quirk in his personality?

One thing he did know ... his was so hard that it was painful. Twisted or not, natural or not, that scene had gotten his blood pumping.

Unable to resist, he slipped into Stacy's mind, feeling guilty but, after viewing Zoe's dream, he couldn't not peek.

Stacy's dream was different, colder and sadder. She was wandering through a city street populated by couples, the sky overcast, dark and dreary, the wind chill on her skin. They were holding hands, kissing, talking and laughing. Everyone was paired with someone. Everyone but her. She tried speaking to passersby, but they couldn't hear her. She tried to grab someone, make them listen, but her hands passed through them. She was weeping, hugging herself and feeling bereft, alone and afraid.

James, afraid to interfere but unable to leave her in that state, took the arm that was draped over his midsection, and raised it to his lips, kissing the palm and projecting warmth, love and compassion to Stacy.

In her dream there was a break in the clouds and she could feel the sun. She stood there, her face turned to the sky, her arms outspread and soaked up the welcome warmth. When she opened her eyes again, the couple around her had stopped walking, stopped interacting. They were all smiling at her, and pointing at something in the distance. Stacy started to walk, then run. As she ran, other couples turned to point the way, urging her on.

James watched, fascinated, until he sensed something ... what? It was Zoe! Zoe was still asleep, but she was ... she was there, in Stacy's dream, calling to her. James watched as Stacy spying a brightly lit doorway, the door open and beckoning. She stopped running and walked, calmly but without pausing, through the door and into the light.

Inside the door was. Holy crap. It was the scene in Zoe's dream! Zoe was still kneeling at his feet and she was beckoning Stacy, holding out a slim chain whose links were made from the same silk as her own.

The dream James was smiling beatifically, beaming at the two women, his arms spread wide and welcoming, radiating love and acceptance. To Stacy the dream James said, " You may stay here, a welcome and loved member of family, for as long as you want beautiful Stacy. You do not have to submit, that was a choice my love made, not a requirement."

"Come, Stacy, be my sister wife. Feel the love that my master can offer, the security, the happiness."

James watched this ... this scene, with many misgivings. Should he interrupt the sequence? Was it his place to interfere with Zoe's dream, her fantasy? She was inserting her fantasy into Stacy's dream, what about that?

At the very least, he was going to have a long talk with Zoe about this later.

The dream sequence seemed to have stalled. Zoe, frozen with her hand extended holding the silken chain; Stacy standing in the door, undecided any his dream self smiling, arms spread wide. James felt Stacy stirring on one side, and Zoe waking on the other, and he felt relief.

Zoe used his arm as a lever to pull herself over, facing him now with a sleepy smile on her face. She nuzzled her head up under his chin and sighed happily.

Stacy started, her whole body twitching, when she discovered James holding the hand that was wrapped over his shoulder, then she too sighed, relaxing and snuggling closer to his back.

Oh boy...

The Doctor's appointment started well enough, an hour sitting in the waiting room with their mothers chatting happily, glad for the company.

James and Zoe sat quietly, hands and minds joined. They were discussing what James had seen in his dream, for at least the tenth time, and James was making no progress.

'I don't understand, baby. Why? Why do you want this?'

'I don't know how to explain it. You can see it, you can read my thoughts, my emotions. You are my soul mate, in a very real sense and you can see the happiness and contentment the thought gives me. Why would you deny me? Why won't you let me have this? It won't change anything, it won't make us closer, that would be impossible, but it would make me happy. Please, lover, I want this.'

'Baby, you know I love you, you know I can't deny you anything, but this, this is ... What would your parents think?'

'I don't care. They don't have to even know. This is between you and me, and right now it is between us. It is keeping us from being what we need to be. I need you to accept me just as I am, and this is part of me, this desire, this need.'

James had been debating this, trying to come to grips with this desire of hers. It bothered him on a basic, instinctual level, but there was one thing that was crystal clear. Zoe wanted this, she wouldn't be happy until he allowed it. Above all else, her happiness was vital to his own, and that was the bottom line here. He could feel her unhappiness and he was the cause.

'Ok. I love you and I want you to be happy, you know that. If this makes you happy, and I can't find any reason it could hurt you, then we can do this.'

'Oh James, my love, my life, I am so happy!! I am so excited, I can't wait. We have to do this right, and I will take care of it, I will make it perfect. Oh my god, I am so excited!'

Zoe didn't confine her happiness to the mental, she practically leapt into his lap, showering him with kisses and smiling like he had given her heart's desire, which was, James thought sardonically, literally true.

Their mothers both objected to Zoe's sudden bout of affection, but mostly in the form of scowls for her bad manners, doing it in public.

Zoe blushed and moved back to her seat, hugging James's arm and beaming up at him.

Once they actually got into the Doctor's exam room, there was another issue. The Doctor was adamant about clearing the room, allowing only Zoe's mother to remain. In a fit of pique, the doctor refusing to listen to any argument to the contrary, James pushed. He deftly adjusted the Doctor's attitude, making him more open to influence, encouraging disinterest in James and in his mother, and encouraging him to concentrate on his patient.

Ada, her own slight abilities becoming more sensitive with use, if not more acute, sidled up to James.

James brought his mother, and after a second's thought, Zoe's, into the link

'What did you do?' Ada asked, once James announced his presence.

'I was wondering the same thing.' Ailene added.

'I just encouraged his interest in his patient's problem and encouraged him to overlook distractions. I dampened his ornery-ness. I can't actually force him to do anything, I can only encourage and strengthen his emotions. I just focused on the ones that would help and damped the ones that were getting in the way.' James explained.

'And how often do you do that to us, to your parents?' Ailene asked, and James could feel a touch of fear behind the question.

James was startled, though he shouldn't have been. He would probably have been paranoid if he weren't the one with the abilities. He opened up his mind, and offered it to them.

'I cannot prove that I do not do that to you. All I can do is offer up myself, who and what I am, and let you discover for yourselves if you should trust me. We love you, Zoe and I, all of you.'

Ada just smiled, but Ailene looked startled, and then snaked her arm around his waist, hugging him and smiling at Zoe who was lying on the examination table.

'Ok, I give. I know when I am outsmarted. I guess I have to trust that my daughter wouldn't choose a bad man for her soul mate.' Ailene said, grinning and not-so-secretly crossing her fingers.

James laughed and put his arm around both mothers, hugging them to his sides.

The doctor was attaching leads to Zoe's head, chest and arms, the wires extending to an EEG machine on a stand near the bed. Zoe was smirking at the three of them, sending across the link a slightly off-key rendition of 'Kumbaya my love, kumbaya', much to their amusement.

The EEG took almost an hour, and a Cat Scan was next, but they had to move to a different part of the hospital for that test. James and the Mothers waiting in the viewing gallery, separated from Zoe by a dozen feet and a plate of glass, but able to see and be seen.

'I don't like this. Hold my hand, lover?'

'I can't baby, but I can do this.' James imagined him cradling her in his arms, and added love and reassurance by the truckload, sending it to Zoe where she lay in the whirring, thumping machine.

'Oh, that is wonderful. I would prefer the real thing, but this helps.'

The tests run and the results pending, they were all glad to get out of there and even happier when they got home. Well, to Zoe's home, though they would be moving to James's the following day.

As soon as they had walked in the door, Zoe had disappeared upstairs saying she would be back down in a little while.

James joined the ladies in the kitchen for coffee and a chance to discuss plans for Zoe's upcoming birthday, only two days away. James's birthday would follow two weeks after, and he took some good-natured ribbing for having gotten involved with an 'older' woman.

"I want to do something nice, mum. Without a job though, I don't have money to do much, and as generous as you and dad are, I feel like this is something that I need to do on my own. Still, I am having a hard time figuring out what that 'something' is!"

"James, you don't think your father and I realized that we would be supporting you until you were old enough to support yourself? We don't do it because we have to, we do it because we love you. You aren't much of a burden, you know." Ada smiled at her son, laying her hand on his arm.

"Stew and I have been discussing it too, though things have been in such flux the last couple of months, we had put off any decisions. What kinds of things were you thinking about, James?" Ailene asked, her chin in her hand and the corner of her mouth quirked in what was surely a grin she was trying to hide, probably because of his youthful angst.

"I just don't know. Zoe and I, we have grown so unbelievably close these last few months, and we are practically living in each other's heads now. It is not like I can actually surprise her. What do you give the woman you love when you cannot have any secrets from her?"

"Has she mentioned anything? You could give us a list and let us shop, that way you won't know what it is until she opens the gift!" Ailene suggested.

James knew what she wanted, but he was not about to tell his or her mother about it. He didn't think he would survive the fallout.

"No, not really. The things that I want to give her will have to wait until we are older, married and employed."

The two mothers exchanged a startled glance.

"Married?" Ada asked, carefully neutral.

"Mum, think about it. How else?" James replied, raising an eyebrow.

"Hmm ... will you think less of me if I admit that I hadn't taken the whole link thing to its obvious conclusion?" his mother asked, a sad smile on her face.

"Never. You are still the smartest woman I know." James said, covering her hand with his own.

"Hrmph..." Ailene said, grinning at the two of them. "You trained him right, Ada!"

"What do you want for your birthday, Mr. Mentalist?" his mother asked, changing the subject.

"I know what I want, but I have hesitated to bring it up. I want to get a job. I know that I have to get an education, and I haven't the slightest idea how I am going to work until we get this link sorted out, but I have faith that it will all work out. I have been looking at ways to make money from home, but most of the quote jobs unquote that I have found sound like scams." James said, bracing for impact.

"Your job is to get an education!" his mother said, predictably perhaps but with real feeling. "You will spend the rest of your life working, don't be in such a hurry to grow up." Ada said. She was not looking at him though, her mind obviously somewhere else.

"Let's table that one for now, let me talk to your father." she said, putting an end to that topic. James knew his mother well enough to be sure that any pushing on his part would be counter-productive. She was a soft-spoken, loving woman with a will of steel.

"Back to Zoe then. We have two days ... TWO DAYS!"

"Two days until what? she asks, knowing the answer." Zoe said from the kitchen doorway, grinning evilly.

"It's not nice to mock your boyfriend, baby." James said, grinning back at her.

Zoe came over and wrapped her arms around him from behind, laying her chin on his shoulder and grinning at the mothers across the table.

"He is so much fun to tease!" she laughed.

"They all are, sweetheart, it is part of why we keep them around." her mother joked, smiling at James.

"Sheesh. A guy could get a complex!"

'Hiya, sexy!' James sent over their link. 'Missed you.'

'I was upstairs for a whole thirty minutes.' she replied, teasing.

'Was that all? Felt like days!'

'Tomorrow night at midnight." Zoe sent, her mental tone serious.

'Wait, what? What is happening tomorrow night at midnight?'

Zoe didn't answer with words, she sent an image from her dream. She was on her knees, her head bowed, a silken chain held up over her head, offering it to him.

'Wow. This is what you really want?' he asked, astounded at the imagery.

'More than anything.' and the certainty in her 'voice' left no room for misunderstanding. 'Stacy has agreed to be my witness.'

James, flummoxed by the inclusion of Stacy, decided to play one of his hole cards. 'If you do this, it changes everything. It changes our relationship permanently. I will be your master, though you know that I love you and I would set you free if you wanted it, but that wouldn't change the fact that I was your master, even for a time. That can't help but have long-term effects on us. I don't know if they will be good or bad, but baby, I don't think I could stand it if you started to resent me. I will do what you ask, because you clearly want it, but I will be your master in fact as well as in name, I have to. I will have to discipline you, enforce any rules. Is this what you want?'

'Good, you do understand.'

He had one more card, one last ditch, desperate card to play.

'If you do this, if I capitulate, you know you can never be my wife. We can and will get married, but it will only be for the state, to simply the legal niceties. You will still be my slave.'

'Slaves don't need to be married, unless it is the Master's will. You will be my master. You are the center of my life and this will force you to accept that reality. You will have responsibility for me, for everything I do. You will have chains more binding and more restrictive than mine. I will be free ... I only have to do what you say, to please you, to love you. You, you have to be my master.'

James was quite literally stunned, his mind a blank. A million things seem to flash through his consciousness but none of them stuck, at least not as first. The thought that surfaced was, 'So who is really the slave?'

The ceremony, for that is what it was in fact as well as in name, was held in Stacy's room. The girls had pushed the bed to one side, hung sheets from the ceiling that concealed, but not hid the bed, and other sheets to soften the walls. It gave the room an Arabic castle feel. They had laid a small pillow on the floor and, in a circle around the pillow were candles. Other candles, scented this time, were placed around the room, giving off just enough illumination to set the mood. In front of the pillow, but inside the circle of candles, was an armchair from the dining room, though draped with a sheet.

Zoe had hand braided a collar and a lead from a silk robe and it lay on the pillow. Stacy had directed him to dress up, and he was wearing a suit, though he felt a little foolish since they had to do this after Zoe's parents were asleep.

Stacy was in a simple silk gown, no makeup, and her hair was in a single braid down her back. She wore no jewelry and it was obvious to James that she wore nothing under the silk. She looked magnificent.

She had ushered him into the room and into the seat, handing him a glass of wine, all without saying a word. She went to the dresser and hit play on her stereo, the room filling with the sounds of Gregorian chant, earning her a startled look from James. He hadn't known that they knew his fondness for the obscure music.

Stacy went to the door again, opened it and exited the room. When the clock had just moved to midnight, door opened again and Zoe stood there. She was naked, her head down, her hands clasped in front of her. Her hair had also been braided in the same fashion as Stacy's and, unlike Stacy, she work a golden torc necklace and a pair of gold earrings.

She looked glorious. James was filled with wonder at the sight. Her body seemed to be glowing, her breasts high and taut, her nipples erect and the areolas crinkled. She had trimmed her pubic hair so that it was just a small patch on her mons, but wore no makeup or nail polish. The effect was spectacular and somehow virginal, as if she were a sacrifice in some ancient rite.

At some unheard signal, she walked slowly into the room, stepping over the circle of candles and knelt on the pillow, taking the silk lead in her hands.

James could see the reflection of the candlelight in her eyes for a moment, and they were full of unshed tears. His heart went out to her and he had a momentary impulse to put a stop to this, to grab her and carry her out of here.

'James.'

Her voice was strong, clear and full of emotion and quelled him, froze him in place.

'I want to start my new life with the start of a new year. My heart's desire, my most passionate wish, is that you accept this. By taking this lead into your hands, you take my life, my soul, my happiness and my future into your hands as well. I will be yours. Your property. You will be my master. You must do this without reservation.'

James felt as if his chest were contracting, squeezing his heart and lungs, yet his mind was strangely clear. This is what she wants. I love her. I want her to be happy, so this is what I will do.

'Do you offer yourself to me then?' he asked, looking down at her with love and longing.

'I do, without reservation.' Zoe's head bowed until it touched her chest. Stacy removed the golden torc from her neck and the earrings from her ears and laid them aside. She took the collar end of the silken lead and fastened it around Zoe's neck and then stepped back.

'Please, take this, take me.' Zoe said, her voice pleading as she held her hands up, the lead laying across her open palms.

'Zoe I accept you as my slave, without reservations. You belong to me.'

'Oh thank you, Master, you have made your slave very happy.' The exultation in her voice, the tears of happiness falling onto her bare knees, these things were very real and James felt his own eyes watering.

'Come to me, Zoe.'

Zoe leapt up and into his arms, curling up in his lap and weeping. She began kissing his neck, his chin, his cheeks and his eyes. 'Thank you, thank you, thank you!' she whispered.

'Zoe, you know that we must keep this hidden. That doesn't meant that when we are in the outside world that you are free. You will still be my slave, but you must act normally. Do you understand?'

'Yes, Master.'

'You will not use that term except when we are alone, or with those who know and understand.'

'Yes, Master, I understand.'

'Your behavior, when we are out in the world, must still conform to your role, as much as possible. You will not kneel or bow or scrape, but you will still be subservient to my whims. Any rebellion will be punished later, when we are alone. Do you understand that? Do you understand that I will discipline you as needed? '

'I understand, and I will be a good slave, Master. I know you will have to punish me sometimes but it will be because I deserve to be punished. '

'Very well. Now kiss me and tell me that you love me, because this had been very hard for your Master.'

The tears rolling down James's cheeks were evidence of the emotional toll this had taken on him, and Zoe wept for him, telling him over and over how much she loved him and how very happy he had made her.

Stacy stood silently, tears on her cheeks as well, but from the outside James couldn't tell if they were for Zoe, or for him, or for herself.

James stood, sliding Zoe onto her feet and, still holding the silk lead in his hand, crossed the candle circle to Stacy.

"Are you okay?" he asked tenderly. "I wish I could have spoken to you before this, to make sure she had explained at that you were ok with it all."

"Oh James, that was beautiful. I don't ... I can't imagine anything more beautiful. She is such a lucky girl, and you, you gave this gift to her." tears were streaming down her cheeks and she threw her arms around James, weeping.

James was shocked, and a little uncomfortable, but Stacy had done her part, and he put his arm around her, stroking her back.

"Thank you for being a part of this, Stacy, for being a part of our lives. This meant a lot to Zoe, and a lot to me."

He turned and pulled Zoe into the hug, holding both of the girls, collecting their tears on his jacket and sighed.

When they were calmer, both smiling widely, James turned to lead Zoe out but Stacy held on to his arm.

"Stay, James. We prepared this for you, for tonight." Stacy pulled him towards the sheets that obscured the bed and pulled one aside.

The bed had been made, the sheets turned down and there was one pillow where before there had been two. Beside the bed on the floor, a small pallet had been made up. A small pillow, the twin of the one used in the ceremony, was laid on the pallet and one thin blanket was folded neatly at the foot.

James looked at the scene with confusion, taking in the symbols so carefully prepared and nodding. The bed was his, to share or not, with his slave. The pallet was laid so that a slave, when not warming her master's bed, would still be close enough to serve his needs without presuming to be his equal.

James appreciated the effort and he appreciated the ideal, but there was no way his slave, his woman, his love, would be sleeping on the floor.

As he stepped into the 'chamber' he noticed something else, or multiples somethings. On the single pillow at the head of the bed were a pair of belts. One was thick, well-worn leather. The other was silken, like the sash from a robe. One for pleasure, one for punishment. He shook his head at the images. He could see, in his peripheral vision, Zoe's smile, and her shiver when she saw him notice the belts.

James, playing his part, looped her lead around the bedpost at the bottom of the bed. Not tight, just symbolically tying her in place, and strode to the head of the bed. He picked up the leather strap, slapping it against his palm. He did it again, louder this time, making the leather CRACK! against the heel of his palm and raising his eyes to Zoe.

She shivered, her shoulders contracting a bit before being thrust back, her spine stiffening as if to say, "If it is your will." James was discomfited, not by her reaction, but by his own. He hung the leather belt on the headboard and picked up the silk. He ran it through his fingers, watching Zoe's reaction. She shivered again, but this time more of a wiggle and he could see her nipples crinkle, her thighs press together.

Stacy, standing at the opening to the bed 'chamber', had a similar reaction, her nipples standing proud beneath her thin silk robe. He saw her hand creep towards the opening but he didn't think she even knew she was doing it. Her eyes were locked on the silk strap in his hand.

James was torn. If this was going to work, he had to do it right. He had to be what she wanted him to be, the Master. Yet, it was all so foreign to him. Making a decision, he stepped back to Zoe and looked closely at the silk choker she wore. He could see that the lead was lightly tied to a small loop and he quickly untied it, leaving the choker in place.

"You should wear that always, or one like it, but that will have to wait. For tonight, you will keep it on, as a reminder. We will have to see if we can get more appropriate ones for public use because seeing you in it, seeing the outward sign of your slavery, it excites me." he admitted, stroking Zoe's hair.

He moved his hand down her arm, then cupped one of her breasts, his thumb rubbing her nipple. Zoe moaned, pushing her chest forward, pressing the breast against her hand.

James lifted her head, making her meet his eyes. "Don't hide your eyes from me, lover, I love to look at your beautiful eyes."

"Yes, Master." Zoe said, for the very first time aloud. In the corner of his eye, he could see that Stacy's hand had made it inside her robe and as she heard Zoe speak, she gave off a little groan of her own. James could feel himself straining at the material of his trousers.

"Undress me." James ordered, knowing that for tonight he had to be the Master, set the tone.

Zoe knelt at his feet and began untying his shoes. He lifted one foot at a time, allowing her to draw the shoes and socks off his feet. Then she rose up and loosened his tie, pulling it off and laying it on the chest at the end of the bed. She continued undressing him until he was down to his briefs, then paused.

"Why have you stopped?" James asked, allowing some iron to show in his voice.

Zoe grasped the waistband, pulling his shorts down and off his feet as he lifted them.

She knelt, looking up at him, her eyes eager. "Master, may I? May I please you?"

James was keeping one eye on Stacy, wondering if this was a good idea or a bad one, but determined to be the Master that Zoe wanted, that she needed. The belt to Stacy's robe had come loose and James could see one hand massaging her breast, pulling at her nipple while the other delved between her legs, stroking and pulling.

He looked down again, smiling. "Yes Zoe, please me, please me with your lips and tongue."

Zoe smiled and bent forward, her tongue darting out and licking the drop of pre-cum from the head of his cock, then swirling her tongue around the head, tickling that sensitive spot just underneath.

She run her tongue down his length and up the other side then opened her mouth wide, closing her lips over the head, sinking it into her mouth. Her lips formed a tight seal and her tongue whipped back and forth, working the shaft as she began to bob. She took as much as she could before rising again to start over.

James rested his right hand on the back of her head, not forcing, just showing that he was in control. A groan forced its way past his lips and he heard an answering groan from Stacy.

Looking over, he could see her eyes were fastened on Zoe, and on her lips. James held out his left hand, catching her eye and beckoning her, inviting her.

Stacy looked confused for a second, her hands still but not moving away from her breast and her pussy, then her eyes cleared, she licked her lips and let the robe slip from her shoulders.

She stepped forward, the hand that she had been using on her pussy was laid in his and he drew it to him, licking the fingers clean as she watched, her eyes wide. She groaned at the sight, at the feel of his lips, sucking on her fingers, sucking her juices.

Zoe was moving faster, James's hand still on her head. She reached up, grasped his shaft in one hand and cradled his balls in the other, squeezing them softly as she moaned around his cock.

James had been waiting for this, for a mistake. This was the hardest part, but the most crucial if this was going to work. He clenched his hand in her hair, not pulling but holding her still, stopping her from moving.

Her eyes looked up in confusion, the little bit of pain from his grasp on her hair evident in her eyes.

"Zoe, I said with your lips and your tongue." James said sadly, making himself look disappointed.

Zoe looked stricken, her eyes welling with tears. She opened her mouth and he released his grip on her hair. Her lip quivering, she pleaded, "I'm sorry Master! I just wanted..." James held up his hand and she fell silent.

"Tonight you submitted to me. Tonight is about your subjugation, about what you need, not about what you want. Do you understand?"

Stacy was watching, fascinated, her free hand pulling and twisting at her nipple. She was biting her lip, her eyes full of arousal.

Zoe didn't look down, determined not to fail again, not so soon. "Please Master, teach me, punish me so that I will learn. I deserve to be punished." her eyes darted to the strap hanging from the headboard.

"There are other ways to punish a slave. The strap is not always the answer." James said, raising his eyes to Stacy, to see if she understood, to see if she would be willing.

Stacy looked into his eyes, her face serene, and she nodded.

"Zoe, I want you to stand up, and then go and kneel on the chest at the end of the bed, facing the bed. You are to wait there until I call for you. You are not to move, not to do anything but kneel there. Do you understand?"

Her voice low, broken by the sobs she held in, her eyes flicked, just for a moment, to Stacy and Zoe nodded. "Yes, Master, I understand."

Zoe moved to the chest and knelt, clasping her hands behind her back, her head up and her chest thrust forward, pulling all of her weight on her knees against the cold, hard wood of the cedar chest. Her eyes never left James.

He met her eyes, let his love, his pain, and his determination flow out of him, projecting it to both of the women, making them both feel what he was feeling. He turned away from her and towards Stacy.

Pulling Stacy to him, his lips met hers and she melted against him, moaning into his mouth. Her hand grasped him, stroking his cock, rubbing it against her belly, but making sure that Zoe had a clear view.

James's tongue dived into her mouth, his hand savaging her breast, pulling and twisting on the nipple, making Stacy groan and stroke him faster.

He pulled back and looked her in the eyes, seeing her acceptance of the part she was to play, and the eagerness to be his tool this night.

He pressed down on her shoulder, urging her to her knees in front of him and presenting his cock to her waiting lips.

She devoured him, sucking him into her mouth and down her throat until her nose rested in his pubic hair. One hand caressed his balls and the other grasped his ass, urging him to thrust, to fill her throat again and again. James raised his eyes to Zoe and saw acceptance, even approval in her eyes, but there was pain as well. James had never been so conflicted in his life, hating and loving this in equal measures.

He turned back to Stacy and began thrusting, filling her throat again and again, feeling her the muscles of her throat massaging him, milking him. His orgasm building to the breaking point, he reached out to both women and PUSHED!

As his seed erupted from his cock, pumping the first spurt down Stacy's throat, he sent them orgasms. Both women moaned out their pleasure, trying but failing to remain silent in fear of waking their parents, but unable to completely stop the overwhelming rush of pleasure. James pulled back until just the head of his cock was in Stacy's mouth and his second spurt, then his third and fourth coated her tongue, filling her. 'Don't swallow.' he sent, and her eyes flew open, staring up at him.

'Share it with Zoe.' he said to her, and watched as her eyes got wide, and lust filled them.

Stacy, her mouth full of James's cum, stood, gave his cock a last stroke, and then climbed onto the bed, crawling over to where Zoe knelt on the chest. She looked back to James and paused when held up a finger, asking her to wait.

"Zoe, kiss Stacy." Zoe looked startled but she didn't pause, she moved her face to Stacy's, seeking her lips and Stacy met her half way. Stacy pushed her tongue past the cum and through Zoe's lips, forcing her to open. Then she shared the seed she carried in her mouth with her sister.

When Zoe realized what was happening, she sucked and used her tongue, trying to get every last drop, every taste, moaning into her sister's mouth, her own juices flowing down the inside of her thigh and James pushed.

Both women shivered, both women groaned into each other's mouths, grinding their lips together as ecstasy rolled through them.

When Stacy pulled back, James moved to the bed and settled himself against the headboard. He held out his hand to Stacy and she joined him, tucking herself under his arm and kissing his chest, her tongue licking his nipple.

"Zoe, baby, come to me" James said, holding out his other hand.

Zoe, tears of joy in her eyes, practically leapt over the footboard of the bed and rushed to throw herself at James's other side, sliding under his arm and holding herself against him, shivering.

James lifter her chin with a finger and kissed her, licking her lips and tasting himself, and the lingering taste of Stacy.

Speaking only to her, he sent 'You understand?'

'Yes Master' she sent, with a wave, a tsunami of love pouring along the link to James. 'I was not listening and I was disobedient because I did not listen. You had to punish me, you had to be the Master.'

'And Stacy?' he asked softly.

'Stacy is my sister, I love her, Master. She was the strap, the method of my punishment, to see her please you in my stead because I disobeyed. Thank you for letting her share your cum with me, Master, it was more than I deserved.'

'That is not what I meant, baby. You know that I cannot turn her away now, she is not a slave to be ordered. She came of her own free will, helping me, but in return she deserves more than to be used and discarded.'

'Of course Master.'

James looked at her, scanning her eyes, projecting his love and devotion.

'She will join us tonight, and perhaps other nights.'

'Master, we shared a dream of you. I invited her, I begged her, I told her that she could submit too, be my sister wife. She wants you, but she is afraid. This slave knows that she had no right, but begs that you be kind to her, love her, protect her.'

'Zoe, my love ... listen very closely to what I am about to say. I forbid you, under pain of emancipation, to push her, or project to her, or try to convince her in any way, to submit to me. Perhaps, someday, she may come to the idea on her own, but you cannot be a part of that decision, other than by example. Do you understand? It must be her own free will, her own decision, as it was for you. I could not stand it, would not stand it, if she were coerced. It would devastate me.'

'Oh Master no! I understand, I understand! I want her to be happy, but you are my Master, you are my life!'

'I love you baby.'

'I love my master too. Can this slave beg for something? I know I was bad, but I so badly want to be good. Please, Master, please take me. Fuck me, make me beg for you!'

James grinned down at her, then pressed his lips to her, taking the kiss by force, ravaging her lips with his.

Pulling away, he turned to Stacy and winked. He kissed Stacy, softly, seductively, his left hand caressing her breast. 'Will you stay? Make love with us?'

Stacy nodded, licking her lips, and sat up, freeing his arm. She pushed him towards Zoe and began to move towards the bottom of the bed where she would have a better view.

James pulled Zoe to him, rotating his body on top of hers and kissed her again, forcing his tongue between her lips. His cock was trapped between their bodies, the bottom of his shaft riding in her slit, pressing against her clit and he began to grind his pelvis against hers,

He kissed along her neck, biting just hard enough to provide a little pain, but not break the skin, moving down. He kissed her collarbone and the upper curves of her breast, working around the nipple without ever touching it.

Zoe arched her back, pressing her chest upwards, trying to force a nipple into her mouth but he had moved on. His placed little kisses along her ribs, letting his tongue follow the little grooves between each rib. She shivered the sensation making her skin rough with goose bumps. He delved into her belly button, fucking it with his tongue, leaving it shining with his saliva as he moved further down her body.

He felt Stacy's hand on his thigh, his buttocks, her finger tracing the crease between his cheeks, barely touching his pucker. This time it was James who shivered.

James settled between Zoe's legs, his warm breath making the soft patch of hair tremble and evoking a whine from Zoe. He blew on her clit, making it grow even more as blood filled the area.

As he dipped his head down, his tongue tracing her swollen lips, he felt Stacy's had slip between his legs, her finger pressing against his perineum before cupping his balls, rolling them in her hand.

James let his tongue trace the folds of Zoe's hot and wet pussy, dragging it slowly upwards until it flicked her clit, causing her to gasp, her hips convulsing, thrusting upwards seeking it.

He buried his face in her pussy, driving his tongue as deep inside as he could tasting her, drinking from her.

Grasping her legs, he drove them upwards, spreading them apart, presenting her pussy to his tongue and he thrust again and again, his nose rubbing her clit, pressing it against her pubic bone.

Zoe bit down on her hand and screamed, the little sound that made it past her teeth sounding more like a whine, her hips were thrusting, pushing, grinding her pussy against his face.

Stacy, one hand still fondling his balls, leaned forward and let her tongue tickle his asshole, driving the air from his lungs in surprise, and in pleasure. She licked him, tasted him, drove the tip of her tongue into his ass.

James, the strange sensations driving him wild, rested Zoe's ankles on his shoulders and drove two fingers deep inside her and then curling them up, seeking and finding her spot, dragging his fingertips against as he took her clit in his teeth, worrying it, lashing it with his tongue.

Zoe's struggles became frantic, her movements erratic as he drove her over the edge, the orgasm hitting and making her entire body arch, a cry escaping her lips as she began to convulse, soaking James's face with her juices.

James was not done. He sat up, gripped her hips and flipped her over, Lifting, he pushed her legs under her so her ass was presented to him, then bent over and drove his tongue into rosebud, making her scream into the mattress. Over and over he drove his tongue in, his thumb now in her pussy and mirroring the thrusts of his tongue, she began to cum again, writhing against him. Her moans, released safely into the mattress, could be felt more than heard.

He moved forward, grasping his cock in his hand, he set it at her entrance, watching as the grasping, soaking wet lips nestled the head. Then he thrust.

Zoe jerked, her head coming up, her mouth open as she felt him fully seat inside her. Her whimpers as she pushed backwards, grinding her ass on his groin, were music to his ears.

He pulled back until just the head was inside, and slammed forward again, feeling himself punishing her cervix. Again, and again, faster and faster, his balls slapping against her clit. He reached forward, wrapping her hair around one hand and pulling her head backward, forcing her upper body off the bed, forcing her almost upright, impaled upon his cock.

He opened his link wide, feeding her his pleasure, feeding her his lust, making her feel what his cock felt and it was buried in her hot pussy. She screamed silently, filling his mind with her need, her mindless need for him.

He kept thrusting, pulling her head back he bit her on the side of her neck, licking the sweat that was running down her skin. His other hand savaged her breasts pulling cruelly on her nipples. He was close, he could feel it building.

He reached down and grasped her clit between his thumb and forefinger, rolling to back and forth, mashing it. His other hand, still wrapped in her hair, forced her head to the side and he raped her lips with his, his tongue tasting her.

Finally, he could hold back no more and he thrust hard, as hard as he could, forcing the head of his cock against her cervix and he exploded, painting her insides with his cum.

Zoe's mental voice was incoherent, her animal lust reveling in the feel of him, his cock thrusting in to her, the feel of being him, thrusting a hard cock into the hot pussy of a willing slave, being that slave, being that cock ... She was lost, a spiral of desire and lust, reveling in the shame and pain and wanting more, wanting to be used, wanting to be ... loved

The collapsed, James still buried inside of her, his weight pinning her to the bed, making it hard for her to breath. When he moved, started to roll off, she reached back and grabbed him, begging him to stay, to keep his weight on her, keep his cock in her.

Zoe's contentment, her pleasure and satisfaction, her pride at being his slave, his toy, his his his! roiled through her and she wept tears of joy. She opened her mind to him, showing him, letting him feel what she felt ... thanking him.

James rolled off, sitting up and catching his breath, letting her catch hers too.

Stacy was at the foot of the bed, her back against the bedrail, three fingers buried to her knuckles in her pussy and her thumb savaging her clit. Her other hand was pulling her own hair, wrapping it around her nipple. Her head was back, her body rigid as she came, her juices squirting out, soaking the blanket under her and her whimpers making James's cock twitch. He feasted his eyes on the erotic sight, his lust, so recently sated, surged back.

His cock, still hard, surged back to full staff. He reached for her ankle, using his strength, his years of bodybuilding, he pulled, dragging her up the bed to him.

Her eyes flew open in surprise and when she looked down her body at him, at the lust in his eyes and his still rampant cock, she growled.

Sitting up, she crawled up his body, straddling his loins and pressing her lips to his. She reached between them, grabbing his cock and pointing it to her entrance, she slammed downward, burying it in her pussy with a loud groan.

Biting her lip, her eyes closed and her head thrown back, she lifted off and slammed down again, grinding her hips against his, her clit against his pubic bone.

James grabbed an ass cheek in each hand, kneading, mauling them, lifting her up and letting her drop down onto his cock again. He lifted and she drove herself downward, lift and drive, their bodies slamming together like sides of beef slapping and squishing as her juices flowed.

He began hunching his hips, meeting her downward thrusts, slamming into her as he slid his fingers between her cheeks and ticked her asshole.

She shivered, pushing backward against his touch and when he drove a finger inside her ass, she whined, struggling to push back, to drive it deeper, and to drive his cock deeper as well.

He lay back so he could thrust, and began driving up into her, harder and harder, his finger in her ass keeping time, matching the thrusts.

Stacy ground her teeth and started gasping... 'More ... harder, fuck me, fuck me harder, make me cum ... make me ... make ... oooooh!" Her orgasm hit causing her pussy to grasp his cock so hard it sent him over the top. His third orgasm of the night drained him, his cum shooting hard, but less in quantity, Stacy still groaned and, when James pushed, she came again, collapsing on top of him, her breathing erratic.

Stacy felt hands on her back, her ass, her thighs. Soft hands, gentle hands, then even softer lips. The lips touched her ass, her inner thigh, her pussy. A tongue lapped tentatively, then with greater pressure, cleaning her pussy and the cock that impaled her still.

The tongue move and she could feel James shudder underneath her as the tongue began to bath his balls, cleaning Stacy's fluids, her juices from his sack.

She rolled sideways, feeling his strong arm catch her and lower her to his side on the bed.

Zoe, kneeling between James's legs, began to wash his cock with her tongue, cleaning him off lovingly, taking his softening member in her mouth. She licked his thighs, his stomach and then he felt her lift off.

Glancing down, he saw her look up at him, a little scared at his reaction since he had not ordered this. When he smiled, and stroked her hair, she moved on, kneeling between her sister's legs and began cleaning her as well.

Stacy stiffened, and then groaned. "That is so ... god damned sexy!" she murmured into James's chest where her head rested, her lips against his skin. She began to moan when Zoe's tongue had finished with her thighs and belly, and had begun on her pussy. The feel of her little sister's tongue, cleaning her lips, licking her clit, was driving her upwards, the sheer kinkiness of this, something she had never considered, made her wild.

Zoe, her tongue diving inside her sister's pussy, sucking out her Master's seed, let her lust, her desire flow outwards, sharing her joy with the others. She licked, and sucked, determined to get every drop of her Master, and then she moved, just for her sister, a gift. She took the clit in her mouth and worked it with her tongue, biting down just enough to make her writhe. She stuck two, then three, and finally four fingers up inside her sister, driving them in, using the tips of her fingers to rub her spot, making her sister arch and cry, then cum.

Stacy's orgasm was just as strong as with James, her juices flowing, coating Zoe's hand. She pulled away, scrambled to escape her mouth, her fingers. It was too much, too sensitive.

She reached down and grabbed Zoe, folding Zoe in her arms and holding her tight, licking her face clean and kissing her.

"Oh my god, Zoe. I love you so much, thank you, thank you! Thank you for sharing, for loving me." She cried, her tears wetting both their cheeks.

"I love you too Stacy, and my James loves you. He knew how much I wanted you to be happy and he found a way." She pulled back a bit, staring into her eyes. "I am glad you stayed."

Stacy searched Zoe's eyes, but all she could find was love. No anger, no jealousy, just happiness and love.

"Oh my..."
Chapter 9 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 8 |   Bottom
Chapter 9
Posted: September 18, 2015 - 07:28:49 am

"No way in hell we can hide a ... whatever this would be, not long term" Stacy argued, though she didn't realize that she was arguing with herself.

"I still can't believe ... I mean, I can, I was there, but to go on? To keep this up? I'm not like you, Zoe. I loved it, don't get me wrong, more than I should have, I think, but I don't need the, well, the extras, the commitment."

"At least I don't think so..." This last was under her breath, but both Zoe and James were linked with her, they heard it anyway.

Zoe quivered like a hound with a scent, straining against her mental leash, against James's orders not to encourage, to convince. She looked over at James from the corner of her eye, wanting to ask, wanting to beg but knowing that it wouldn't be right. She couldn't go against his wishes when he had been so absolutely clear. Still, she was allowed to dream

James knew what was going on in Zoe's mind, he always did now. He had found, after the subjugation ceremony, that she had opened every facet of her mind, her being, to him. Nothing was hidden and nothing could be hidden. She had ceded control to her Master.

He smiled lovingly at her. It was good that she strained at the controls, remained her own person in her mind. He hadn't wanted a slave in the first place, but he had taken her because it was her heart's desire. Still, he wanted a woman who would challenge him mentally and emotionally, to support him by being strong and helpful. He did not want a mindless fuck toy, a thrall.

They had fallen asleep together, curled in a big ball on the bed, three sets of limbs intertwined and the mixed juices of three lovers drying on their skins. Stacy had awoken first, her mind and emotions in turmoil. She was grateful, and happy that she had been included, but she was scared of taking that next step and determined to retain her individuality.

When Zoe had woken next, she had surprised Stacy with a passionate kiss and a cheerful "Good morning, beautiful sister-mine!" before crawling under the sheet and taking James into her mouth.

Stacy had watched, fascinated, as Zoe began working on his cock, taking her time, making love to it while he slept. When he woke after a few minutes, he didn't even open his eyes, just reached down and stroked Zoe's hair, murmuring, "Good morning, baby, that feels good!"

Despite herself, Stacy felt her own juices start, the scene was very erotic and yet very tender. She could feel the love that these two shared and her heart yearned for a connection like that too.

When Zoe reached out blindly, feeling for Stacy's hand, Stacy had intertwined her fingers with Zoe, allowing herself to be pulled closer, to share in the fun. Stacy took a deep breath and submitted, allowed herself to be drawn in, allowed herself to enjoy the moment, helping her sister make love to James's cock.

When James came, Zoe hogged his seed, ostentatiously swallowing it and showing her empty mouth to Stacy, then started singing, in a low, sweet voice, "Happy slaveday to me! Happy slaveday to me! Happy slaveday for Zoe, happy birthday to me!"

James and Stacy, taken by surprise at the change in lyrics, both laughed out loud, and laughed even louder at the smug look on Zoe's face as she snuggled up to James's side.

"So that's how it's going to be, eh?" James asked, smiling fondly at Zoe.

Zoe just nodded and, with a satisfied smile, closed her eyes, laying her cheek on his chest.

Stacy, for a moment imagining herself in Zoe's place, found that she was frightened at how attractive the scene was, how much she desired the same closeness.

That's when the one-sided, one-person argument began.

"I mean, it's not like I have that link thing you guy have, so I would be like a pet or something." she said, looking unhappy.

James spoke to her for the first time that morning, his voice pitched low and calm. "Stacy, come and cuddle for a minute, let us in on this discussion you are having with your conscience." His voice was filled with humor, but not mocking, not unkind.

Stacy, a pout on her face, crawled up and stretched out next to James, wrapping an arm and a leg across his torso, her hand grasping her sister's hand on James's chest. With a big sigh, she relaxed and let herself be cuddled, liking the feeling of James's hand stroking her hip.

'Stacy, I think it would be better to discuss this here, where we can show you how we feel, answer any questions you have about your sister's new life, new attitude.' James sent, the words accompanied by love and compassion.

'You guys have this special link, this connection and now that I have tasted it, I don't think I could be happy with Joe Blow the plumber.' she started, trying to find the words to describe her uneasiness. 'This, this mental dialog, the feelings I can sense in you when you speak to me, do you have any idea how deeply that affects me? I am afraid ... afraid that it is like an addiction. What if I can't be happy now, living in the regular world, now that I know that this exists?'

'I don't have an answer to that question, Stacy. I don't know that this even existed before us, before my abilities manifested and before my first link with Zoe. I find it hard to believe, but it is possible that this is the first time in history anyone has linked this way.' James admitted, his thoughts laying uneasy in her mind.

Zoe, sending only to him, asked plaintively, 'May I join the conversation if I promise not to try and convince her?'

'Of course, my love. I always want your advice, your counsel. I want you to speak freely to me, and around me, at all times ... well, with a few specific injunctions, I suppose.' he chuckled, then added. 'In fact, I want to modify something I said last night. When speaking aloud, I want you to use my name, or any pet name you like, but not call me Master out loud unless we are alone, and I mean really, the-house-is-empty-except-us alone. I think it will be safer.'

'May I call you Master in here? I think of you as my Master, and I love the way it feels. Please, James.' she asked seriously, her intent focus telling James that she would be heartbroken if he refused.

'Of course. Anything for you, baby.' he acquiesced.

'Stacy, ' Zoe joined the conversation with her sister, choosing her words carefully. 'As far as I am concerned, if you want to keep the connection, to stay with us, with James, then I can't think of any reason you can't. Return to being my sister if you prefer, but I cannot see my James leaving you out of our conversations, out of our lives. He loves you too, you know. You can stay as James's friend. You can be his lover, if you both want, as our lover if that has any appeal to you. I don't think that there are any real rules about love or being loved.'

Stacy opened her eyes, meeting Zoe's eyes across James's chest, seeing pain there. 'Zoe, how can you be so ... so accepting? James is your man, your love. He is even your, um, your master.'

'Stacy, I don't know if I can explain, and I don't know if I should, even if I could. James has already ... discussed the issue with me. I can only say that this is what I wanted, what I need. I don't really expect others to understand.' Zoe sounded unhappy, and James sighed, shifting and pulling Zoe closer, kissing the top of her head.

'Stacy, I forbid her to discuss her choice. I told her that under no circumstances was she to cajole, coerce, convince or otherwise influence your decisions in these matters. I love her fiercely, and nothing can change that. Her decision was hers, and I am now satisfied, despite my earlier reservations, that it truly is right for her. She is happier, more secure, more free in her self-imposed slavery that she could be without that bond.' James paused, he could feel Zoe's happiness, her acceptance and even her joy at his acceptance, but he could also feel Stacy's doubt and concern.

'I told her not to try and convince you, because if she did manage it, and it is not what you want, deep in your soul, you would be miserable and you would resent her, and me, later. Do you see?'

'I think so, James, but how do I know? How can I know? I don't share the same bond that you share with Zoe.' she answered, frustration making her thoughts wiggle and shiver.

'I have an admission to make, though I am not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing. I think I know how the true link, the bond, between Zoe and I formed. I even think I can do it again. The moral quandary that is torturing me is this: Is Zoe's desire for subjugation a byproduct of the link? Or is her desire something that was deep in her character, in her psyche, and this bond allowed her to realize that fantasy, that need? If I can replicate the link with someone else, what will happen?' James let the frustration, the uncertainty flow, showing them how deeply this bothered him.

'Damn you.' Stacy said, but with no real heat. 'If you were some unprincipled son of a bitch, this would be a lot harder. That you are worried about this, that it is bothering you so much, makes you that much more attractive.' she paused, then continued in a more subdued tone, as if fearing to hear herself say what was coming. 'I am already in love with you. I didn't want to admit it, not with your love for my sister so obvious, and her love for you even more obvious. When you included me last night, I was in heaven. I am sorry, Zoe. I didn't want to hurt you, didn't want you to hate me.'

'Sha!' Zoe said, giggling at her sister. 'As if I didn't already know how you felt? Stacy, sister of mine, I am pleased, more than I can say, that you love my ... that you love James. He deserves it. He deserves to have someone as beautiful and as loving as you in his life.'

'Your Master, you mean. You can say it to me. But are you pleased because it makes your horny Master happy? Because you think that it is how a slave is supposed to feel? Or are you please because you really feel that? See? This is what I mean, how can I know what is James-induced and what is real? I never saw this side of you before him. It scares me, and it scares me even more because of how seductive it is, how hot the idea makes me.'

'Stacy, for years I was your little doll. You dressed me up, showed me off, made me clean your room and do your chores. You had me fetch things for you, and carry things for you. You also loved me, protected me, held me when I was sad and cheered me up when I was down. You never let anyone hurt me, and I loved you for it. I idolized you, not because you were my sister, but because of how you made me feel. I felt like I had a place in the world as long as you were there to guide me.'

Zoe paused, letting that sink in. She held Stacy's gaze, and saw her eyes widen as the truth became clear to her.

'I have always been this way, I just didn't know it. I didn't realize that a submissive personality was a thing, was a choice, a possibility. I tried to be strong, like you. Independent, like you. Know what terrified me? You left for college, and the thought that when I had to do the same, you would have already moved on and I would be truly alone. James ... my Master, he saved me. He took me in, he showed me that he was worthy, that he was strong and that he would protect me and love me. This is not some game, damn it. This is who I am and I am so happy, so very happy.'

Stacy was weeping, softly, quietly, tears rolling down her cheeks and her whole body shaking. James gathered Stacy in tighter and Zoe climbed on top of him to put her own arm around her sister, kissing her tears.

'Stacy, We both want you in our lives, there is no question there. What we want more is for you to be happy. If you think you could be happy with us, being part of our little family, then we would welcome you with open arms. You aren't your sister, you have to make your own peace with this.'

'Zoe, I want the link. I have to try. I can't imagine living without this, this closeness, this intimacy. I want James, to be with him, loved by him. But you are my sister, and I need to know that you are ok with this.' Stacy said, sitting up and grabbing Zoe's hand, holding it against her cheek.

'Yes. A thousand percent yes. Before you say anything, I mean that as your sister, as someone who loved you her whole live, who loves you even more now. Also as James's slave, his lover, his confidant, yes.'

James looked back and forth between the two women, bemused. 'Gee, I hope I get some say in the matter.' he joked.

'No, Master, not really. Affairs of the heart have always been the province of the fair sex. Men just think they decide when really, they just get to decide how hard they fight before giving in.' Zoe said, her chin raised, a haughty look on her face. 'Of course, you could order me to... ' she trailed off, now gazing at James with her bottom lip out, her eyes sad, pouting.

'Dirty pool!' James cried and began tickling her, driving her backward onto the mattress again, leaving her gasping. 'And the punishment was swift and cruel!' he said, tickling her one more time before sitting up again, leaving her laughing, trying to get her breath back.

'Pretending for a moment that I have a vote... ' he began, his face serious, 'I agree too.' He smiled at Stacy, projecting his love for her and opening his arms to her. Once she was snuggled in his arms, her face buried in his neck, he continued. 'I wasn't kidding about not being sure. I think I know how to replicate the link, but only trying it will tell us for sure. Are you ready to try?'

'What, now?' Stacy said, a trace of panic in her voice.

'No time like the present.' James said, waiting patiently.

Zoe crawled over, and pulled Stacy into her arms, directing her to sit facing James, and wrapping her arms around Stacy from the rear. Zoe kissed her sister on the cheek. 'It's ... a weird feeling. Not painful, but unbelievably intense.' she explained.

James closed his eyes. He focused on Stacy, isolating her mind, encapsulating it. He thought of all he had experienced, all he had learned, he concentrated on his love for Zoe, for Stacy, for his parents and even her parents. He included the pain that this link could bring, the fight with Zoe. Last, but not least, and not without serious misgivings, he included his fight against the school bully and his battle in the mall, to show her the dark side. When he was ready, when it was all seething in his mind, fighting to get out, he seized her, tore her open and forced this dagger of emotion, this mass of knowledge deep inside of her, forcing her to accept it, to face it, to embrace it.

Zoe was ready. She clapped one hand over Stacy's mouth while the other held her body. Stacy's eyes were wide but unseeing and she screamed.

James and Zoe held her, stroking her hair, whispering to her, telling her that they loved her and would protect her. It seemed like hours, but was probably just moments, before Stacy's eyes began to focus. She was as pale as a sheet, shivering and shaking like a leaf.

'Stacy ... can you feel it? Reach for me.' James sent, softly, quietly, pleading with her.

She didn't respond. She stared up at him, her shivers slowing, her breathing almost like normal again, though she clutched at Zoe's hand as if it were a lifeline.

'Yes ... Master.'

James recoiled, a gasp tearing itself from his lips. His face crumpled and he buried it in his hands, moaning.

'James, no! NO! I was joking, I was ... I was trying to make you smile!' Stacy sent, filling him with her sorrow, her love and contrition. And shock.

'Holy shit ... James? I ... I can feel you. And Zoe, I can feel you both.' Her voice was filled with wonder, with awe.

'Stacy, if I didn't love you and I didn't know what a shock this forging could be, I would turn you over my knee and tan your ass for that!' James raged at her, though they all knew he wasn't really that angry with her.

'Hmm ... Maybe I need to be bad too, 'cause that sounded like a good time to me!' Zoe inserted, looking coy.

'Zoe, why are you ... I don't know how to say it. Fainter? Quieter?' Stacy asked, her gaze looking inward, exploring the links, dancing through their minds.

Zoe and James exchanged a glance, James shaking his head. 'Wait' he sent to her alone.

'Oh! I found it ... this is the oddest thing. It's like I have memories of things I never did, knowledge that just needs to be remembered for the first time. Wow, I sound like a lunatic, but you know what I mean! I can see it now ... I am linked to you, James, and so is Zoe. As long as we are linked, and I see that we still don't know enough about that, Zoe and I can share your abilities. Just ... fucking wow.'

Zoe hugged her tightly, whispering in her ear. "Just wait, sister-wife. There is better yet to come. Knowing and experiencing are two different things."

Stacy turned her head to look at Zoe, her eyes wide as she 'remembered'.

'Oh? Oh!'

"Later, my lovelies. Right now, we need showers and food. Probably in that order." he said, glancing down meaningfully at their naked bodies and the signs of last night's celebration.

'I may never speak again!' Stacy crowed, enjoying her newfound ability to send instead of just being read.

'But Stacy, my darling girl, I love to hear you moan... ' James leered at her, waggling his eyebrows.

Stacy smiled, her face filled with love. "For you? Always!"

"I'll remember that for later! For now, I just have one question ... how are we going to explain to your parents why you can't leave my side either?"

Zoe and Stacy turned to stare at him.

It turned out to be not as overwhelming an obstacle as it might have been, only requiring a couple of days skating around the truth. A partial solution to the problem of the link was found in the least likely of places.

Zoe's birthday party had been fun. Her parents had gotten her a big cake and there were presents from everyone, including James's parents who were now as much a part of the family as James was.

James's gift to Zoe had been a bracelet, one that he made himself, getting inspiration from a television program that Stewart had been watching. Zoe, James and Stacy had been sitting on the couch, talking in whispers to keep from annoying Stewart, and James's eye was caught by a scene in the National Geographic documentary on the screen.

A native boy, to show his interest in a girl of the tribe, had woven her a necklace out of reeds and adorned it with the teeth of a crocodile he had killed. Symbolically, it was to show his prowess as a hunter, his ability to protect her and his skill with his hands. It gave him an idea for her gift.

He had gathered strings from her room, a frayed edge on a favorite pillow, a thread from a worn, but beloved stuffed animal and some of her hair from a brush in the bathroom. He had combined them with similar items from his own room, weaving the items together into a braid. Onto this strand he slid four small, wooden beads. The bead he had engraved with their initials, one with 'J' and one with 'Z', and sandwiched between them were one with a depiction of the all-seeing eye of Horus and a second with a carefully carved chain.

The hardest part of this task was making sure he didn't opening think about his gift when she was close by, or in his bed. He wasn't sure how successful he was until she opened the gift.

She had stared at the braid, then the beads, before looking in his mind, asking. 'Master?'

'I wanted you to have something that you could wear in public. Something that would symbolize your collar but wouldn't be obvious. You and I, our abilities and the links that bind us.' he said, feeling a little foolish.

'Oh Master, it is wonderful!' Zoe threw her arms around his neck, covering his face with kissed. "I love it, James! Our initials! You made this with your own hands too? Wow!" She said out loud, practically dancing around, admiring her gift.

Zoe showed it to her parents, and to Stacy, but absolutely refused to take it off, insisting that they look at it while it was on her wrist. 'I'll never take it off unless you make me, Master!'

Stacy smiled at Zoe, sending her support and love. To James she sent, 'That really was a thoughtful gift. I love you and I know you as well as I know myself, but my cynical side keeps waiting for the other boot to drop. Have I told you how happy I am?'

'Yes, but I love hearing it. Someday I would like to be able to shout it from the rooftops.'

'We will. You and Zoe and I will shout it and tell the whole world to kiss our asses if they don't like it!'

That night, after the party, Zoe and James packed up what little they needed for the trip to his parent's home where they would be spending several days. Stacy, though she hated to lie to her parents, invented a visit with a school friend for a couple of days, insisting to her parents that they needed some quality time alone and that she needed a break from the drama.

Her parents, after some initial hesitation, agreed and began making plans for a couple of days away.

James, on the other hand, had the responsibility for breaking the news to his parents. He decided to start with his mother, knowing that his father would go along if he could convince her first.

When they piled in the car, and Stacy joined them, the confusion was immediate. James stalled, telling his parents that Stacy was going to wait for her friend with him and Zoe.

When they arrived at home, James's father retired to his study, he had been letting some of his cases stagnate a bit because of the furor and he was determined to catch up.

James suggested tea, always a good way to get a few quiet minutes with his mother, and when they sat down in the living room, the sisters joined them, much to Ada's surprise.

"Mum, can we link with you?"

Ada's eyebrow climbed, her gaze sharpened, sure that he was about tell her something she would rather not hear. She nodded, not saying anything.

When James linked, and the sisters joined, she knew.

'Really, James?' she shook her head, though whether in surprise or in disappointment, even she wasn't sure. A little of both, perhaps.

'You figured out how to duplicate your link so, of course, you chose the other sister.' Her tone was calm, but all three of the young people winced.

'Mum, it wasn't quite like that. Stacy has been very close to me, ever since my ... um ... my breakdown. Stacy has been a friend, a confidant and, yes, even a lover.' James blushed furiously. He wasn't sure exactly why he was so embarrassed, his mother already knew he was having sex, but she was his mother.

'Mrs. Anderson, I asked. I begged. I wanted it, the link, the closeness. I love him too.' Stacy sent, her expression earnest, begging for her to understand.

Zoe smiled at them both. 'Mum, James forbid me to talk to her about it, to explain how wonderful it is. He wouldn't let me convince her to do it, demanding that it be her idea, her choice. I wanted to drag her kicking and screaming, but James was wise. It was the right choice.'

Stacy's eyes popped open wide at Zoe calling Ada Mum, but then nodded seeing it for the term of endearment really was.

'James?' Ada prompted, wanting to hear from him.

'Mum, I admit that I wanted it. My link with Zoe defies imagination. It is intimacy on a level that I cannot begin to describe. It fills me with a sense of wellbeing, a sense of contentment and love that ... I just don't have the words. I love Stacy too, and I knew I would have to test my theory eventually, but couldn't bear the thought of being this close, this intimate with someone who wasn't a friend, a lover. It's too close, too involved otherwise. Zoe is right, I forbid her to talk about it, to convince or cajole her. I wanted it to be Stacy's idea.'

'Doesn't make it right though, does it?' Ada said thoughtfully. She was playing devil's advocate, and they all knew that. 'Did you consider that it was the request of a love blinded girl, that she wouldn't know the consequences, the dangers?'

'I knew.' Stacy stated firmly. 'I considered it carefully, considered the implications, knowing that this binds me, possibly irrevocably, to James and Zoe. I asked anyway. I agonized over it. I discussed it with James, and with Zoe, though she was not able to speak as freely as she wished. I made the decision with my eyes wide open and I do not regret it ... I am happier than I have ever been.'

'Let's talk about 'forbid', James.' His mother said, changing the subject. Everyone recognized that she wasn't done, just changing tacks.

'That's mine, Master.' Zoe said only to him, laying a hand on his arm.

'Mum, I can't explain, not in so many words, and not without hours and hours of talk. May I show you?' Zoe asked, leaning forward, her gaze locked on Ada's. When Ada nodded, Zoe breathed a sigh of relief and closed her eyes.

It only took moments. Moments that filled Ada's minds with emotion, with images, with dreams and fears and, most of all, with the satisfaction, the happiness and joy that Zoe felt.

They all sat quietly, Ada's tears dripping silently down her cheeks. James rose and handed his mother a tissue, kneeling at her feet and taking her hand in his. He didn't speak, or even send, he just waited.

Zoe joined him, holding his hand, and Stacy followed taking Zoe's other hand in one of her own while reaching for Ada's with her other.

James's mother sat silently for several minutes, her tears ceasing and her face relaxing. When she finally opened her eyes, she looked from one to another of the kneeling children, her gaze clear and filled with compassion.

'I can't say I am comfortable with this. I understand, now, or at least as much as it is possible for an outsider, but I am worried. I am frightened for you all.' The sadness in her voice was daunting, but James thought he understood. She was his mother, but she couldn't protect him in this.

'Does this mean I can call you Mum too?' Stacy's plaintive plea whispered into the stillness.

'Yes, dear, you may call me Mum.' Ada said, her smile warm and welcoming as she opened her arms to her new daughter.

Later that evening, after Ada had explained the situation to her husband and dinner had been served, she turned to her new daughters, ignoring the smug look on her husband's face.

"Zoe dear, sometime later, when things have, hmm, settled down, I would love to spend some time talking to you about your new status. In the mean time, I was wondering how this worked, the three of you." she asked, stopping to roll her eyes at her husband's grin. "Have you names for your relationships? Labels? Or is it more organic than that."

Zoe and Stacy shared a look, then turned to Ada and said simultaneously, 'Sister-wives.' Zoe continued, 'It doesn't really explain much, saying it out loud like that, but inside, " she tapped her forehead, then her heart, "in here, it means everything. James is my..." her eyes cut to James and she blanched. "I belong to James, in a very real sense, but Stacy's relationship with James is more traditional. James has already clarified our relationship with each other, though more by outlining what must not happen than directing what should."

David was rubbing his jaw, his expression showing his confusion. "I am not sure I quite understand. I mean, I understand you are quite serious about your 'slave' status, though that still boggles the mind, but how can James define a relationship between you and your sister. That relationship predates your situation, your relationship with James. And you said he clarified your relationship by forbidding certain aspects. That has me even more puzzled than this slavery thing."

'Master?' Zoe pleaded with James.

He nodded at her. 'We are safe here.'

Zoe smiled at him, her expression full of love and then turned back to David.

"James is my Master and I am his slave. He owns me. Stacy is my sister, my Master's lover and my sister-wife. She does not own me." She paused, and when David nodded that he understood, she continued.

"As it stands, my relationship with my sister-wife is that of an equal. We are sisters, friends, and my Master's lovers. My Master can order me to do her bidding, to follow her direction, that is his right and I will happily do as he asks. Even if he should make me subordinate to Stacy, make her my mistress, it will always be secondary to my loyalty to my Master. He comes first in all things."

"Could you do that? Allow your sister to become your Mistress, we might need different terms for that, without hard feelings, without resentment?" David asked, fascinated by the exchange.

Zoe and Stacy shared a mental giggle at comment before Zoe answered.

' It would be no hardship. I really do need, crave on an emotional level, that direction, that control. Plus, Stacy is linked. I know that you cannot really understand that, but she literally could not ask me to do something that would cause him harm, even, maybe especially, emotional harm. It would be like..." she floundered, trying to find the words.

"It would be like cutting my own arm off to cure my sister's hangnail." Stacy offered, smiling and shrugging. "Okay, that sounded better in my head, but it really is unthinkable. Ordering Zoe to do something that would hurt James would hurt me even more. In very real terms, even though it is hard to imagine, we are one heart in three bodies."

David sat back, his expression thoughtful. "Can you imagine if even a small part of that link bound all of the human race? No war, no fighting, no racism, no bullies and no crime. That is just the tip of the iceberg too! My, what a wonderful thought."

"Have you thought more about testing the limits of the link?" Ada asked, segueing into another topic that was on her mind. "Eventually you will be done with schooling and have to find jobs. It will be difficult to find a job that would take all three of you."

"I have been giving it a lot of thought, actually." James said, nodding at his mother. "Having Stacy in our link may make things easier. They are linked through me, primarily, but the link is powered, partially, by their own 'inherited' abilities. They can initiate a link to a person outside our circle or with each other. I think this may allow us to start testing the link seriously. Think of it as a safety net. If I get far enough away that my link with either or both of them begins to fail, they may be able to sustain each other until I can close the distance. I have been watching their links with each other, not the content, but the way they interact. I think it is possible."

"What about a game of telephone?" David asked.

"Telephone?"

"Well, not exactly, mind you. I wondered if you could extend your range by using one of the ladies as a repeater of sorts. Your link to her, and through her to the other."

"Interesting idea, Dad. Definitely worth a try."

David looked pleased with himself, glad to be able to offer a suggestion.

It was Stacy's turn to look thoughtful. "James, this is going to sound odd, but 'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone'. "Horcruxes."

Zoe looked surprised, but Ada and David just looked confused.

"I think I see where you are going with that, but I am not sure how we could get it to work." James said, his eyes staring sightlessly as he reviewed his memories of the famous children's' books.

Zoe filled in the blanks for David and Ada, leaving James in peace to think.

"In the books, and evil wizard tried to become immortal by splitting pieces of his soul and storing them in ordinary objects. A ring, a cup, a book and so on. That way, even if his body was killed, he could come back. Now, Stacy isn't suggesting we mess with our souls, and we surely aren't going to kill people like the evil guy did, but maybe we can find a way for James to store some of his link, a kernel of his ability, in us. It would allow us to be away from him for a while."

Zoe grinned at Ada and David, seeing that they weren't really all that enlightened by her explanation, but that they got the gist. Parents, she thought, you have to love them.

"Like a battery, then? Or, perhaps a better analogy would be a capacitor. A Capacitor can store a charge and discharge that stored power in many ways, but it cannot generate power on its own." David suggested.

James was listening, and his eyes lit up. He stood and held his hands out to Zoe. "Give me your hand, baby, the one with the bracelet."

Zoe held out her hand, her eyes locked on the bracelet. She trusted James, but her bracelet was very important to her.

James circled her wrist with his hand, concentrating on the bracelet, on why he made it, what it meant. He recalled the emotions that had moved him to create the strand, the desires that drove him to carve the beads, the symbolic meaning behind it, and the comfort it gave to Zoe to wear the bracelet. He imagined that combination, those memories and the feelings that fed them, all passing down his arm and into the bracelet, filling the fibers, imbuing the beads, binding them to each other and to him.

When he opened his eyes, he opened his hand, staring at the bracelet, willing it to show some sign, some indication that it ... wait. He released Zoe's wrist and closed his eyes. He could see it!

"Zoe, Stacy, close your eyes and relax. Let your empathic senses just scan the house, tell me what you see."

Zoe and Stacy did as he asked, but opened their eyes again almost immediately. Zoe was holding the bracelet in front of her eyes, studying it with fascination. Stacy had practically leapt from her chair and crossed to Zoe, and was kneeling beside her, studying the bracelet as well.

"Dad, you are a genius!" James crowed. "I don't know if this is the answer, but it is quite fascinating! I was to imbue the bracelet with some of my ability. I made that for her, every strand is braided, every bead carved by hand. I think it worked. It has an aura, of sorts, and since the ladies can see it as well, it is not just my imagination. I am not sure if we can use it like you suggested, but it is worth a shot."

"Well, well! That's fantastic!" David beamed.

"Zoe, I am going to close my eyes. You run and hide somewhere in the house. If this worked, if I have been able to charge your bracelet like I think I have, I should be able to find you using it to trace you."

Zoe dashed off, holding her arm high in the air like an Olympic runner with the flaming baton. James closed his eyes, letting his empathic senses follow the bracelet. When it stopped moving, he began his search.

He walked through the house, out the rear door and swooped down on Zoe who was hiding in a shrub in the back yard! "I've got you now, my pretty! Prepare to be ravished!" he cried, sweeping her up into his arms and over his shoulder.

Zoe was laughing and kicking, pretending to fight. "No! Someone save me from the Dread Pirate Roberts!"

Returning to the dining room, his prize thrown over his shoulder, James grinned and struck a pose. "I have returned with wenches!"

His father laughed but his mother just shook her head. "No matter how old they get, dear," she said to Stacy, "They are still just boys at heart."

"Isn't it nice?" Stacy said with a grin, winking at Ada.

Ada returned Stacy's smile with a smirk of her own. "Oh, it can be, dear, it can be."

The problem wasn't solved, but they had hope. Surely this could be used, in some way, to allow them more freedom.

It took a week, before they were ready to really test. They intervening time was spent studying the bracelet, trying to determine if James could add to the charge, if there was a limit, how long it would last and lastly, but most important, if Zoe could draw on the bracelet.

When James asked Zoe to take off her bracelet for the first test, reasoning that she had been linked longer and would have greater range, Zoe clapped her hand over the bracelet and looked horrified.

"Zoe, just for the test. I am not doubting your commitment."

Zoe stood mum, unable to voice her refusal, but not giving in either. James, thinking she just needed to be told, ordered her to take it off.

Zoe's eyes filled with tears and she threw herself to her knees in front of James, her head bowed until it touched the ground.

"Zoe, baby, it's ok. I know that it is special to you, it is a symbol, but can't you let it go, even for a couple of minutes?" James was fascinated with her reaction, though he was beginning to feel uncomfortable, like he was torturing her.

Zoe, her face set, tears spilling from her eyes, rushed into the house and returned a few minutes later, hurling herself to the ground on her knees again, holding up her hand. In her hand was a leather strap.

James felt his insides clench, nausea welling up.

"No!" he yelled, dropping to his knees beside her and forcing her head up, forcing her to look him in the eye.

"That is not going to happen. You can keep the bracelet on, but by god Zoe, you better start talking to me or I will be tempted to turn you over my knee after all!"

"You gave this to me. It is mine, it is the only thing I own. It is the symbol of everything I am. I can't take it off, I just can't, it would be like ... like ... admitting I am not even good enough to be your slave. Please, Master, I beg you, don't make me do this. Beat me for being a miserable slave, for disobeying you, but let me keep this." Zoe was wailing, hysterical. Her fists were balled up in his shirt, her head on his knees and her body wracked by sobs.

Stacy was standing quietly, her fist in her mouth, her own tears running down her face. "James, you can't. You just can't. Don't you see what you are doing to her?"

"Damn it Stacy, I didn't know, ok? I didn't realize." James flung back, his own eyes watering. He picked Zoe up, cradled her against his chest.

'Zoe, dearest, my heart, I didn't realize. I will never ask you again, never require you to do that. Do you understand? I have responsibilities too, you taught me that, but I am not done learning. You have to show me, to lead me, help me. Please, baby, please stop crying.'

'I can keep it? You aren't going to order me?' even her mental voice was choked with emotion, her thoughts a whirlwind of fear and turmoil.

'When you turn eighteen, I will tattoo that bracelet to your wrist if you want, so that no one can ever take it from you. Even if the one I braided for you were to wear out, you would still be protected.'

'Really? You will? Oh Master, that is the sweetest, kindest thing anyone has ever said to me!" Zoe threw her arms around his neck, her face buried in his chest and sobbed, but her tears were not the wrenching, tormented tears from before. 'Thank you, thank you, thank you!'

Stacy, kneeling at his side, gave him a look that was hard to interpret, then kissed him on the cheek. 'I knew there was a reason I loved you. You could not have said anything more perfect. ' she sent privately, then included Zoe. ' James, can I have a tattoo?'

James looked at her in shock, while Zoe looked up, her expression hopeful.

'No, silly, not that kind of tattoo, but I do want one, one just for us. The three of us. I want three interlocking rings. You can decide where, as long as I can hide it. It is not for others to see, just for you and my sister-wife.'

Zoe looked disappointed, but perked up when Stacy explained what she wanted. 'Oh, that would be lovely! I want one too, but I want my bracelet tattoo even more. Do I really have to wait another year?'

'I think you do. I don't know for sure, and we can find out, but I think you have to be eighteen.' He said, kicking himself for even bringing up the topic, but knowing that it was the right thing for Zoe. He wasn't a big fan of needles though, but he would so it for the sister-wives, his ladies.

'Stacy doesn't have to wait, she's already over eighteen!' Zoe piped up.

'They aren't free, baby, and we don't have jobs. We can do this, but it will take some planning.'

Testing was postponed for the day, no one in the mood for further stress, and so they adjourned to their room to do a little research.

Zoe and Stacy took over the computer, searching for tattoo parlors and tattoo laws. Like all internet searches, this one's scope expanded and morphed, soon becoming tips for the care of tattoos and even image searches for tattoo designs.

James was laying on the bed, just relaxing and enjoying listening to the sisters laughing and joking. When they started to whisper, he started to wonder, and when they started giggling, he couldn't stand it and crept up behind them.

Somehow they had gotten the idea to search for tattoos on women ... erotic tattoos!

"Oooh I bet that would hurt so good." Zoe muttered, looking at a tattoo of a slave collar, the chain of which was inked down the woman's chest, circling her breasts and dipping lower, ending on her mons. The last link was made to look like it was piercing her clitoris.

Stacy, perched on the air of Zoe's chair, her arm around her sister and her hand idly stroking the back of Zoe's neck, pointed to another image. This one of a woman's hand, a wedding ring was tattooed on her finger. "I don't think I want needles in my boobs like yours, but that ring would be so cool." her voice was wistful, yearning.

"Maybe instead of a tattoo like that, Zoe, you would prefer your nipples and hood pierced, We could run a chain through the piercing and I could lead you around by that instead." James joked, startling the girls who hadn't realized he had joined them.

Instead of protesting, Zoe's eyes were distant, her fingers tweaking her nipples and looking thoughtful. "They can do that?" she asked, quietly.

Stacy and James shared a look, hers was a smirk, his was a grimace.

Zoe wasn't paying attention, her fingers were flying over the keyboard and soon the screen filled with images of various piercing, dominated by nipples but with a generous number of genital piercings as well.

'Oh my!' Zoe sent, staring in fascination.

James's birthday happened on the following Wednesday. They had spend the preceding three days filled with various tests.

Stacy and Zoe stayed in the house, sitting next to the phone. James borrowed his father's cell phone and dialed the home number, connecting to the girls before he left.

He walked out the door and slowly began walking down the block. Stacy and Zoe were linked together, and they were both linked individually to James. As he got further and further away, Stacy began to fidget, her hands fluttering, hugging herself and tapping her fingers on her thighs. She began to sweat when James reached a block and a half, crying out when he had almost reached the end of the second block.

"STOP!" Zoe yelled into the phone, her arms around Stacy. 'Stacy, tell me what is happening.!'

'Zoe, it hurts. Not physical pain, although my whole body feels like one giant cramp, but mentally it is ... it's like I am being pulled apart ... please, please make him come back!' Stacy sobbed, her body shaking, anguish pouring out over her link.

James was already moving, running as fast as his legs could carry him, covering the two blocks in seconds. The door slammed open on its hinges and he was on his knees in front of Stacy, sending his love and support, his own anguish and guilt over his link to her.

Stacy recovered slowly, her shaking quieted over the next hour, but her mental state was still in turmoil several hours later. She slept in James's arms, her sister stroking her hair, her back, murmuring her love in whispers.

They next morning, Stacy was recovered, but swore that she would not willingly do that again, sure that she could not survive another session like that.

Zoe was wracked with guilt as well, but because she had not suffered, she could not take Stacy's place or her pain, no matter how much she wanted.

James was no better, apologizing over and over until Stacy shut him up with a kiss. "You didn't know. We had to test it, we had to try and we all knew that it could be bad. Just kiss me, tell me you love me and promise me that you will never make me do that again."

"I promise, never again. I have an idea that should help. Give me a day, okay? Let me work on this, and then we can try something different."
Chapter 10 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 9 |   Bottom
Chapter 10
Posted: September 23, 2015 - 05:46:23 pm

It had something to do with the tattoos. What, exactly, he didn't know, but the tattoos were stuck in his mind. The ink, the design, the placement ... what?

He made his way to the weight room, stripping off his shirt and stretching, trying to let his mind wander. He did some of his best thinking in here, barring that whole dark stretch after the mall incident. The concentration on the weights, on his form, his focus on each muscle group and, eventually, each muscle. The feeling of his fists impacting the heavy bag, it all served to calm him, to center him.

He was in his third cycle, hitting each station on today's workout list in order, and repeating that order until he hit his goal number of repetitions. He was on the free weight bench, focused on his breathing, on pushing the weight filled bar all the way up when it came to him.

The ink. It was the ink! Well, he temporized, it was the ink and the bracelet he had made for Zoe.

He pushed one last time, locking his elbows and letting the bar drop back onto its rest, then sitting up and letting his mind wrestle with the problem.

He could make the bracelet accept some of his power, but it they couldn't use it. It was useless, dead weight, dead materials. What if he could infuse the ink, and when it was injected under the skin, when it became part of the person, he may be able to integrate it with the person.

He needed to know more about the ink, how it was made, how it was used. He kept knawing at the problem as he showered, the ladies were out there, but he wasn't really seeing them, his mind working to the exclusion of all else.

Firing up his computer, he began searching for information and found that some inks were made with animal byproducts, but were from charred bones and the like and he didn't think something that long dead would work. Then he found vegan tattoo ink, which he privately thought was kind of silly, he found what he was looking for. They were made with plat material, vegetable base glycerine and naturally occurring pigments. That sounded better to him, though he wouldn't know for sure until he could get his hands on some.

A quick search showed him that there were three tattoo shops in the area that specialized, and one of those three had a notation that they further specialized on spiritual and religious tattoos.

That was it, the final piece of the puzzle. If this worked, it could be the key to everything, the key to giving them all the freedom they needed and the key to any future plans they may make.

He sent a mental call out for Zoe and Stacy, asking Stacy but just summoning Zoe, remembering at the last moment to phrase it as a command.

When he heard giggling behind him, he realized that they had been there, probably for quite a while, and that he had been concentrating so hard that he had ignored them.

He spun in chair and found Zoe on her knees, waiting for him and Stacy lounging on the futon, a big grin on her face.

He couldn't help but grin in return, sending love and apologies to the pair.

"We knew you were busy, Master." Zoe said, a loving grin on her face.

"I think we could have stripped naked and performed the Lambada without you noticing, James. Almost enough to hurt a girl's feelings!" Stacy complained, but her smile, as much as her mental caress, told him she wasn't serious.

He laid out his idea, asking them to poke holes in the plan, asking them to think about it and let him know if they found something, anything wrong. He set a deadline for the following night and then tried to set the idea aside, let his subconscious work on the idea.

There was one little problem with his scheme though, and it came to him over dinner. This was going to cost real money. Not a lot, by his calculations, probably less than a thousand dollars for both girls, but to a penny poor student, that was an almost insurmountable obstacle.

He braced his father that night.

"Dad, I think I might have a workable plan, but there is a problem. I am going to need money to carry it out, and I will need you or mom to come along and give permission." James explained his theory, figuring the worst thing his father could do was say no.

His father was silent, staring off into space for several long minutes, his expression grim.

"Son, I know that you are aware I already have reservations about this whole thing. You are just sixteen and you have two women, both of them living with you, sleeping with you, and they couldn't leave you even if they wanted to. One is your age, the other is technically abusing you, if you look at it from a legal standpoint. You can see where any outside adult would view the situation as odd. Now you want to tattoo them, one of them is underage. You want me or your mother to pay for this and lie to the tattoo artist about Zoe's age. Can you see how many things are wrong here?"

James felt his face go still, his heart dropping. He had been focused on the trees, not seeing the forest. He had just asked his father to facilitate what was basically a crime, and he was a lawyer!

"Dad, I am so sorry. I was focused on the problem, and I just didn't think. I will just have to find some other way to do this. You can't even be involved, you would be disbarred! I can't believe I even asked. Can you forgive me?"

I know you want to do the right thing, to fix this and to ease the restrictions this odd legacy has forced upon you, but you really have to take a longer view. I am not angry with you, I am not even disappointed. You are still a youngster and it is my job to make sure that you don't do things you shouldn't. There is nothing to forgive."

David stood and held his arms out, giving James a big hug. "It will be okay, James, we just have to go about this the right way, minimize the exposure."

The girls were disappointed, of course, but when James laid out his father's points, one by one, they began to see things his way. They didn't want to cause problems for his family, they were too important to all of them.

'If only we had a friendly doctor.' Stacy sent, looking thoughtful. 'Did you know that tattoos can actually be paid for by insurance? There is a girl at college who was in a horrible accident. She had some pretty bad scars on her arm, making the shoulder and her upper arm all pink looking, and on a Jamaican girl, it really stood out. Her psychologist actually got the insurance company to pay for her to see a cosmetic tattoo specialist who tattooed the damaged skin to match the rest. It was pretty cool.'

'I could probably influence a doctor, but I can't influence an insurance company.' James pointed out, but he let her see how proud he was of her suggestion. 'That is the kind of thinking we need. We will find a way, I promise you both.'

'You know that I am only doing it because you wish it, Master.' Zoe chipped in. 'If I could, I would fit myself in your pocket so I could always be with you. It would make blowjobs kind of difficult though.' she giggled, batting her eyes at the pair of them.

James and Stacy, very visibly, rolled their eyes, then burst out laughing.

'You are incorrigible!' Stacy sent, hugging her sister.

'Encourage-able, maybe.' she sent back, giving Stacy a kiss on the cheek.

The next couple of weeks passed in a blur of home school classes, chores and constant moves, back and forth from one house to the other and back again. James, Zoe and Stacy were getting mightily tired of the requirement, and no real answer to the money issue had presented itself though they seemed to spend every evening on the topic.

The solution, in part, presented itself without any help from the trio. Little did they know that this was to set in motion a series of events that would change all of their lives.

It was a Saturday afternoon and the weather outside was crisp, the sun shining after days of rain and James was dying to get out of the house. His running schedule had been permanently disrupted by joining with Zoe and he had been forced to dust off the old treadmill in the garage and use that, not being able to get far enough from Zoe to run outside anymore. Adding Stacy had just exacerbated the problem.

Zoe had been willing to run with James but, after the first aborted attempt, when Zoe's pace had been too slow for him to hit his stride, he had switched to the treadmill. Zoe's heart was in the right place, but it would take months of training for her to be able to run the way James liked to do, and he could tell she was just humoring him, not enjoying the exercise.

When Zoe suggested they take a walk, get some fresh air, James jumped at the chance and the three of them headed for the local park. It was a beautiful morning, and James found himself having a great time walking arm in arm in arm with two beautiful girls.

Stacy and Zoe made a game of sneaking into the heads of other people in the park, and then making the other two guess which person was being peeped.

'I spy, with my inner eye, a nanny who ... oh my, a nanny who is thinking about her employers wife, and with carnal intent!' Stacy chortled, titillated by what she saw.

The rules were simple. One of them would peek inside a stranger, the other two would have to guess which person was being described without peeking.

'I am going to guess it is the older lady in the orange coat. She looks like she could be a secret vixen' James teased, pointing out an aging grandmother feeding the pigeons from a park bench.

Zoe snorted, holding back her laughter. She was looking over the ladies with kids by the play area, and trying to figure out which were mothers and which were nannies or babysitters. When she spied one woman that was staring off in to space, not really paying attention to the action in the sandbox, Zoe though she had a good candidate.

'The brunette in the tan jacket, blue slacks and blue flats!' she guessed, looking over at Stacy.

'Aw! I guess that was too easy. She is the only one not chatting or looking bored. Okay, your turn James.'

James started hopping from mind to mind, just scanning surface thoughts, when something caught his attention. He was feeling nervousness, sexual excitement ... his eyes continued roaming, trying to find, ah, there he was. James saw a man, leaning casually against a tree, and when he focused on the guy's thoughts, he felt sick to his stomach.

The man was a predator. He was fantasizing about a little blond girl, maybe five years old, who was hanging upside down on the monkey bars. The girls little dress was hanging up around her stomach because of her position and her panties were exposed. The man's mind was full of things he wanted to do to the little girl, and all of them involved pain, of torture and humiliation, of rape. He was excited by the thought of the little girls screams, and the image of her crying was making him even more excited.

James stopped walking, his entire body tense. He wanted, more than anything, to run over and pound this guy into the ground, hurt him the way he was dreaming about hurting the girl on the monkey bars. He felt nauseous at the filth he was seeing.

Zoe felt it first, looking at James with concern.

'What is it, Master? Are you okay?'

'Zoe, Stacy, don't look with your eyes, use your senses, but check out the scumbag leaning against the tree over on the other side of the playground. Can you reach him from here?' The distance was further than either of them had ever attempted to scan, but they had been getting stronger over the last few weeks, and James had been encouraging them to stretch their limits.

Zoe, the stronger of the two, probably because she had been working with James the longest, was the first to recoil, a gasp wrenched from her as she turned away, looking anywhere but directly at the man.

'Oh my god, Master! What are we going to do? Should we call the police? Tell the mothers in the playground? We can't let him... '

Stacy was concentrating, just barely able to sense anything from the man, he was on the very fringe of her senses.

'Damn it, I am only getting ... excitement? Maybe some fear? What is he thinking?' She sounded frustrated.

James, already regretting that he had told them to look, wishing he had not exposed Zoe to the predator, simply showed Stacy what they were seeing. She looked sick to her stomach, her face going pale.

'This is what we are going to do. We are going to get closer, and I am going to see if I can force my way inside his head. I can't let him keep this up, but I can't very well run over there and kick his ass if all he is doing to fantasizing. I would end up in jail and that would be extra bad news for the three of us. If he is actually planning something, or if I can see that he has done things already, then maybe we can, I don't know, do something. Get the police involved maybe.'

James kept a firm grip on the arms of his two loves and kept strolling, trying to look relaxed, inconspicuous. He made sure they were guiding him, instead of the other way around, his attention firmly inside the head of his target.

He could feel his anger and disgust, his desperate desire to do something, anything, fueling his probe into the pervert's mind. He swept past the surface fantasy, forcing himself deeper, trying to access his real memory. In a flash of inspiration, he floated a thought into the man, 'Remember last time.'

There! Memories began to float to the surface. A small, black haired girl, she looked like she was of oriental heritage, Korean, Chinese, something along those lines, and she was strapped to a filthy mattress on a steel framed bed. He was ... James fought to keep himself from gagging. He was standing over her, gloating.

He stopped, his mind racing. Spotting an empty park bench, he steered the ladies over and had them all sit down.

'He's done this before, I saw another little girl, strapped to a bed. This man is a monster. What can we do? I can't just go to the cops and say I read his mind, they will think I am a nutcase. I can't just ignore it either.'

Zoe's mental voice was softer than usual, hesitant.

'Master, if it were anything else I would never even bring this up, but you can stop him. NO! Not like that!' she saw James mind bring up images of the guys from the Mall, the guilt floating to the surface. 'No James, you can't do that, don't even think it.' Zoe flooded his mind with her love for him.

'What I meant was that you could make him physically sick at the very thought of a little girl, do that terror thing you did to the quarterback.'

'Maybe, but it wouldn't help the girls he has already hurt.' James was furious, sick at the thought that this guy might get away. He needed to be punished, the families of the children he had hurt needed justice.

'I wasn't along for the ride when those things happened before, James, but you and Zoe have shown me some of it. I have to admit that it thrilled me a little, you being so strong and forceful, making people like that fear you. Makes me feel a little sick to my stomach, now, thinking about it. But you can't let him walk away. Can't you, I don't know, take him over or something? Make him turn himself in?" Stacy's love and her faith in him was like a soothing balm, reinforcing Zoe's love and calming him, centering him.

'I don't know about taking someone over, I think that is beyond me, but maybe I can get him to follow me, follow my orders. Make him dependant on my good will, you know? We can take him to the police or something. I just have to figure out the right kind of push.'

'Let us help. We aren't very strong, especially compared to you, but if we add our strength to yours?' Stacy was determined.

'Let's see... ' James reached out to the girls, holding them close in his mind, letting them ride along as he pushed into the man's mind again. He had stopped fantasizing and was now planning, or trying to anyway. He was watching to see which parents were paying attention, which children were the farthest away, seeing if there was a spot where he could grab a child without being seen.

James pushed deeper again, and he showed Zoe and Stacy what he had done before, how he had evoked the memories and which section of his mind had been triggered.

'I am going to push there, kind of like how we connect, you know? A sharp probe, see if I can get into the other parts of his mind. When you see me push, you push too. Maybe together we can figure this out before it is too late.'

James formed his probe, keeping it needle thin, and imagining it being a strong, unbreakable funnel through which they could travel. He felt Zoe's presence, and then Stacy, lending him their strength. He felt as if his mind was expanding, his senses sharpening. Somehow, the union of the three of them had made him so much stronger that it beggared belief! He could hear the thoughts from thousands of people, a swell of background noise that he squelched with ease, marveling at how very easy it was with their help. He took a breath, centering himself. He could do this.

He thrust his mental deep into the man's mind, ruthlessly shunting aside any resistance, battering down barriers. When he reached the section where he thought the man's memories lay, he focuses all of his strength, all of the anger he was feeling, all of the fear he had that this man would escape them to hurt someone again.

When he felt the probe penetrate, he wanted to cheer, but he had to figure out what they had done, what they had accessed. Swirling around him were ribbons of color, not unlike those of the emotions he saw when doing a surface scan with his empathy, but these were darker, muddy in color. Some changed color even as he watched.

He poured all of his concentration into one stream, watching as it moved and writhed through the man's mind, studying it. He began to perceive something else, something weird. The stream he was watching was pulsing, a regular, metronomic beat, almost like that of a ... it was! It was his heartbeat.

Reaching out with his mind, he gave it the gentlest of touches, and with his regular eyes, he saw the man reach up and rub his chest, a grimace on his face.

It was his heart, it was his actual heart, the impulses that controlled it, that told it to beat. He was in the man's autonomic system, the area of the brain that controlled things like breathing, and digestion. Somehow he had pushed right past his memories and was looking at the flow that kept his body working.

With a gasp, he understood what he had done at the mall. The shock almost caused him to pull away, but Stacy and Zoe were pouring their loving support into him, they were confident that he could do this.

That day in the mall he had, in his fear and anger, punched through to this area and stopped their hearts from beating. He knew, with a cold, sick feeling, that he could do the same thing to this man, just stop his heart and kill him right here, right now. It would solve their immediate problem, but he still didn't know what had caused it to backfire last time. And it wouldn't help if he already had a prisoner, or to find his past victims.

He took a deep breath and showed his girls what he found, explained the significance.

'If we can figure out what controls movement, we could make his legs go numb, paralyze him so he can't run away. Hell we could make him impotent while we are at it!' Stacy's mental laughter had a hard edge, a desire to hurt this scumbag, but that was a passing urge and it overlay a sense of wonder.

'Master, you are amazing. This is so fucking cool!' Zoe's adoration made him smile, and when he received the same from Stacy, he felt guilty for wanting to stop, to bask in the glow for a minute.

'Ok, this is what we are going to do.' He said, bringing them both in close. Keep your eyes on the man. When he moves, scratches his nose, shuffles his feet, anything like that, we should see something change here. If we can figure out which thread controls which parts of the body, we might actually be able to do this. Maybe not take him over, but we can make him helpless and that is the first step.'

James felt a sense of urgency. While mind to mind communication was instantaneous, and an entire conversation could pass in the blink of an eye, they did not have all the time in the world to figure this out. If the man made up his mind and snatched a girl before they could stop him, they might lose him all together and that just not going to happen, even if he had to stop the man's heart. James felt sick at that possibility, and he kept that thought from the ladies, but he was determined, even if it stopped his own heart in the bargain.

They watched, observed, studied ... It was Zoe who found the section they wanted, spotting a rhythmic movement that was matched by...

'Ewww gross! I think he is touching himself under his jacket. See? Right here, this thread. Watch his left arm, see it twitch? Now watch this thread, and then look at this one over here. One twitches, the other glows every time he moved that arm.' Zoe made a face, her tone disgusted.

She was right! James send a wave of love and appreciation to her with one part of his mind, while the other was sorting and cataloging, he concentrated and, after a few minutes of study, was able to pick out all of the extremities. He noticed something else.

Each of these thread was made up of many smaller threads, and those of even smaller threads. It was like the thick ribbon was a limb, and the smaller threads were the major portions like muscles, while at an even deeper level, the individual nerves could be found. He was willing to bet that he could eventually pick out specific cells, if he had time to study. Right now, he had other priorities.

He knew which ribbons represented the man's legs, and he reached for them, mentally grabbing those ribbons and bending them, introducing a kink in the ribbon, like you would with a garden hose, to shut off the flow.

A gasp from Stacy made him look at the actual man and see that it had worked! He had collapsed to the ground, his mind in a panic. He couldn't feel his legs!

'Quick, try and find his vocal chords!' he sent, searching frantically. The man was cursing and muttering to himself, it should be easy enough, but there were thousands of ribbons, millions of threads!

'THERE!' Stacy shouted, then cringed and continued at a lower volume. 'Right here, baby. This is his voicebox, I just know it!'

James didn't waste time experimenting, he simply reached out and kinked that ribbon as well, and was gratified to see the man reach for his throat, his eyes wide in panic.

Oh shit.

James dove back in, undoing the kink, and was gratified to see the man take a deep breath. He had inadvertently cut off the guy's ability to breath, being too hasty. There, behind the ribbon he had kinked, a smaller one. James kinked that one, and was gratified to see the man panic again, but this time his mouth was opening and closing, like he was trying to scream but no sound was coming out.

'You two are awesome! And to think, I just fell in love with you because you have the hottest asses in town' he sent to Zoe and Stacy, teasing them but filling them with his love and admiration.

'We do, you know.' Zoe said to Stacy, her mental voice full of humor, broadcasting the image James had sent to her several weeks ago followed by a mental giggle. 'See?'

Stacy was laughing, hugging James's arm on one side while Zoe mirrored her on the other.

'Okay, now we go and talk to this fucking piece of shit.' James's voice was cold, hard and implacable. 'We need to put the fear of god into this fucker, make him think that jail would be a thousand times better than having to face me. Just one more little adjustment... '

He reached in and kinked the ribbon that was associated with his eyes. It had been one of the first James had identified, the flow of visual information making it easy to find. Now the man was blind as well.

James let the two ladies over to where the man was, coldly indifferent to the terror that their target was feeling. It was nothing compared to the terror and pain that the guy had already caused, and even less compared to what James wanted him to feel.

Crouching down next to the man, James sent a mental request for the ladies to keep an eye out, watching for trouble while he studied the huddled figure on the ground.

The man's eyes were wide open, his fear written on his face. He was middle-aged, a bit overweight and his acne scarred face would not have been attractive even without the horrified expression it held. There were tears leaking from his eyes, and a line of snot dripping from his nose.

James could see that the man had pissed himself and inside he quailed a bit, second thoughts chasing around in his head. Could he do this? Should he? Was he getting off on this?

No. This needed to happen. He was getting satisfaction in stopping this man, in preventing him from hurting any more children. Sure, he was glad that the scumbag was suffering, but it wasn't the terror that made James happy, it was the satisfaction that he was doing the right thing. Still, he had a feeling that this man would be a visitor in the nightmares he still had.

Shaking off his doubts, he projected and began speaking to the man.

'I don't know your name yet, and I don't really give a fuck. You are a piece of shit. You are a sick, deranged asshole who deserves to be put down, to be buried deep in the ground and forgotten.'

The man had gone still, his eyes as wide as they could go. He would have heard their footsteps and could sense someone near him, hear them breathing and moving. His terror-filled blind eyes were flicking back and forth as if searching.

'I can make the rest of your life a pain-filled nightmare. I have taken your legs and I can take your arms too, turn you into a quadriplegic whose every waking moment is filled with agony. I can turn you inside out and show the world what you really are, what you have done. I have taken your legs, your eyes and your voice, because I didn't want you to slink away until we had a chance to have this little talk. I didn't want to hear your cries of agony and I knew that animals like you are terrified of the dark, of the even bigger monsters that the dark holds. Monsters like me.'

James paused, scanning his surface thoughts.

'What? How? Who is this guy? My legs? He did this? That's impossible! There is no way he could know what I did, what I am thinking! But my legs, and my voice, how ... Are you an angel? A demon?'

James watched his panicked stream of consciousness for a minute, gratified to see that he didn't have the first clue.

'I am your worst nightmare. I can read your thoughts, see your memories. If it wasn't a sin, I would just stop your heart right here, right now, and call for a garbage truck to haul your worthless corpse away. But, while I am not supposed to kill you, I can make you hurt.' James didn't actually know how to cause pain yet, but he could do this...

The man's hands flew to his throat and he began thrashing, unable to breath. His terror level skyrocketed and he dug bloody furrows in his own neck, clawing, trying to make it work again.

James released the kink, letting him breathe again, and watched as the man collapsed against the ground, taking huge breaths of air.

Ok, that was the stick, now for the carrot.

'Want to live? Want to walk again, to move without pain? This is what you are going to do. I am going to call the police and you are going to tell them everything you have done. You are going to tell them where that little oriental girl is. You are going to tell them about every girl you have touched, have hurt. You will tell them about everything, every time you spit on the street, or jaywalked.'

James watched as the man's thought changed from 'How is he doing this, what does he want' to a panicked 'How can he know? I can't do that, they will lock me up forever!'

While he waited, letting the man process this, letting his panic work against himself, James was scanning the kinked ribbon that represented his legs. He was diving deeper and deeper, bypassing the leg, bypassing the muscles, the bones, the joints and tendons. He was looking for the tiny threads that represented the nerve cells. He poked and prodded, moving and twisting. He was careful not to actually damage any of the threads, he didn't want to do permanent damage, but he needed ... ah, there it was. He tweaked the thread again and saw the leg twitch and a grimace of pain on the man's face.

Gathering the nerve threads for the legs together in a mental fist, James squeezed.

On the ground, the terrified man began to shake, his back arching and his mouth open as if he would be screaming in pain, if he still could. The inside of the man's head was a maelstrom of pain, almost white noise as his emotions went wild.

James relaxed his mental grip for a moment.

'You have a choice. That was a tiny, tiny taste of what I can do. How would you like to feel that pain for the rest of your natural life? I can amplify that, make it a thousand times worse. Every breath you take will be agony greater than you can imagine. Or you can confess. You can get a comfortable cell, locked away from the other animals in prison for your own protection.' He gripped his mental fist again, making his grip pulse.

The man on the ground looked like he was having a seizure, his body alternately arching in pain and collapsing bonelessly to the ground, sweat pouring off of him and his breathing labored.

'Decide, you piece of shit, or I will just leave you here, every nerve in your body making you sorry that you didn't beg for death.' James made his metal voice boom and echo in the man's mind, driving out all other thoughts. 'DECIDE!'

'Pleasepleasepleaseplease stop, make it stopstopstop ... I give, I will do whatever you want, pleaseplease let me confess, I will do it, I will do it... '

He had been deliberately blocking both ladies, knowing that he could not keep it all away from them, they were linked too close, but praying that he could blunt it, protect them from the worst. When he looked up at them, he could see that they were both pale, but Stacy was nodding, pulling out her phone. Zoe smiled at him, still pale but there was no doubt in her mind that he was doing exactly the right thing.

He breathed a sigh of relief, admitting to himself that he had been terrified that they would be disgusted, revolted by what he was doing.

While they waited for the police to arrive, James took the man's wallet and pulled out the driver's license before returning it to him.

'I know you now, Leo Jackson Evers, and I know where you live. I know your mind and I could find you no matter how deep a hole you crawl in to.'

'Master, we have company!' Zoe sent privately, sounding nervous.

James looked around and could see a couple of the adults from the playground headed their way. He stood and all three of them walked to meet the ladies.

"This man collapsed and he doesn't look very good. My girlfriend called 9-1-1 and they should be here soon." He said quietly, his eyes flashing to the kids not far away. "I didn't want to panic the children so I was trying to be low key, you know?" he continued, smiling at the ladies.

"Is he sick? What happened?" one of them asked, craning her neck to get a good look.

"I think he is having seizures, he keeps jerking around and thrashing. I don't know for sure, but that is what it looks like." he said, and started projecting calmness and trust. "I am sure that he will get medical care when the authorities arrive."

"Oh, yeah, best to let them handle it." one of the ladies said, smiling at him. "You are a very nice young people to watch over him while you wait." she added, before turning back to her charges.

James let out a mental sigh of relief and turned back to Stacy and Zoe.

'The cops are coming. I told them we saw a man stalking a little girl, and that when we confronted him, he collapsed. I hope that was okay.' Stacy told him.

James stepped up and hugged her. 'Perfect!'

James had another thought, and called his father before they got close enough for Leo Jackson Evers to overhear. He gave him the same story that Stacy had told the police, and got his father's assurance that he was on his way. He felt a little guilty that he had to lie to his father on the phone, but he knew that he could fill him in on the real story when he arrived. He didn't want to take a chance that his father had answered with his office speakerphone or that anyone was close enough to overhear part of the story.

While they waited, James delved deeper, sending questions to the predator and watching the flow of information in his mind. He made the man lie to him, and then tell the truth, finding he could easily distinguish one from the other. The truth caused a ribbon near his memory area to pulse a pale pink, while a lie caused the same area to pulse in a muddy brown color.

He wasn't sure how to use this information, but he had feeling that it would be useful at some point. He vowed to experiment with the ladies at the first chance, mapping out their minds, learning.

When he heard approaching sirens, James un-kinked the ribbon that controlled his speech.

'You can talk again, but the only words I want to hear are going to be your confession to the police when they arrive. I swear by all that is holy that I will make you a blind, deaf quadriplegic for the rest of your miserable life if you do not do exactly as I order.' He pulsed the man's leg nerves for a half second to make sure he was paying attention.

James kept a close eye on his captured pervert, pulsing guilt and shame at the man constantly, keeping him off guard, not letting him get comfortable at all. He had already decided that he was not going to give him back his legs. Either the ribbon would work its way free again or not, but he didn't really care much one way or another. His eyes, he would give back, but only when he was cuffed and in a car. He wanted him to see what was coming for him in court and in jail, but not be able to identify James, Zoe or Stacy.

The police arrived, sirens blazing. Four uniformed officers and a detective in a suit. The detective took their story, the one that Stacy had already provided, then questioned them separately, trying to see if there were any inconsistencies. Being in mental contact with one another meant that this was child's play, and pushing trust and friendliness to the Detective mean that he was quickly satisfied.

Evers, now that he could talk again, began babbling out every misdeed he had ever done. The Detective actually had to stop him so he could read the man his rights first, and then pulled a small tape recorder out of his pocket.

James's father arrived while Evers was spilling his guts into the tape recorder, and James let him aside, connecting with him and telling him the whole story. David looked pale, but in control, nodding at all the right places. He clapped his hand on James shoulder but didn't say much. James was sure he would have more to say later, when they were home again, and he winced.

The detective announced that he was going to take all three, Stacy, Zoe and James, down to the station to make a statement. David stepped in at this point.

"I will bring them. I am James father and a lawyer. I am also representing his friends, and will bring their parents with me as well."

The Detective looked like he was going to object, but something in David's face made him change his mind.

"Very well, Mr. Anderson. We will expect you shortly."

The next couple of days were exciting, if you count long hours sitting around a police station, being interrogated and questioned by a parade of people as exciting.

There was an upside to all of this though. The man who they had captured had been responsible for a string of kidnapped children. Seven over the last three years. The police had been unable to identify the kidnapper, but they had been certain that it was the same person in most of the cases.

With Ever's confession, and despite the defense lawyers complaints about coercion, mental instability and the like, the information Evers had provided had already led to the discovery of three bodies in the first week, all buried in shallow graves.

There had been a reward offered in this case, some from a Children's Advocacy group, other parts by the parents of the missing children and even a big chunk from a local corporation who was hoping that their civic-minded offer would help ease certain permit restrictions. The total reward was fifty thousand dollars, but James and his parents, after discussing it with Stacy, Zoe and their parents, had other ideas.

They refused the reward from the Advocates and the parents, knowing that the money from the Advocates could be better used elsewhere, and they didn't want money from grieving parents. None of them had any objections about taking money from the developers though, it being a tax write off for them anyway, and the trio received a check for twelve thousand, five hundred dollars from a grateful mayor.

It wasn't a princely sum, only a quarter of the total reward offered, but it was a comfortable buffer, a security blanket.

It was a start.
Chapter 11 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 10 |   Bottom
Chapter 11
Posted: November 05, 2015 - 09:51:34 pm

Since they needed an adult to sign off on Zoe getting a tattoo, they decided that Stacy would go first. Before they could make that happen, there were several things that needed to be accomplished, not the least of which was getting their hands on the right kind of ink and making sure it would actually take a 'charge'.

Stacy thought she had the right person to talk to. James had been a bit shocked, and saddened, when he realized that his link with Stacy would prevent her from returning to college. Stacy assured him that she had considered that before asking for the link, but it still bothered him.

The upside was that Stacy had made friends there, and she was staying in contact with them. If you have been on a college campus these days, you know how popular tattoos are, so it just made sense that she would know at least a couple who were inked.

It only took a couple of days before there was a knock at the front door and, when James answered, he was at a bit of a loss. There were a pair of girls on the front step, one who was a knockout redhead and the other was a raven haired, tiny little thing with ripped jeans, combat boots and who looked like she had jumped off the pages of a tattoo magazine.

'Stacy? I think this is for you.' he sent, sending an mental laugh along.

"Come in, ladies. Stacy will be down in a second." He invited the two in, introducing himself and learning that the redhead, Angie, was the tattoo artist, though she didn't have any ink showing, and the raven haired petite girl, Scarlett, was her favorite canvas.

"Would you like to see some of my work?" Angie asked, and James immediately looked to see if she had brought a photo binder or maybe a tablet. Instead, Angie turned to Scarlett.

"Strip, slut." Her voice soft, but the tone of command was clear.

"Yes, Mistress."

'Zoe, baby, get your pretty ass down here.' James sent, hiding his glee from his lovely girl, his slave.

Scarlett, with a smile that make a dead man hard, began a slow strip tease, inching her shirt up and showing a wild scene inked on her flat, six-pack abs. The scene was of a satanic ritual, a winged and horned figure with a raging phallus stood over a stone altar, a jagged blade in his hand. The blade was poised over the heart of a big breasted woman who was chained to the altar, and two more women, built about the same, were on their knees in positions of supplication before the devil's cloven feet.

With her shirt held just beneath her breasts, Scarlett began a slow turn, showing that the desolate landscape behind the scene was continued around the sides and flowed over her lower back in an endless sea of ink. With her back still turned, she edged the shirt higher, stripping it off complete and James could see the storm-wracked sky above the desolate landscape give way to a calmer, lighter sky.

On each shoulder, looking down on the scene below, were tearful angels, magnificent figures, a male and female, who looked as though they feared to gaze on the hell below. Scarlett turned again, facing James once more, her arms held up and crossed behind her head so he could see the same lightened sky on her chest. Between her small, but very perky breasts, were the gates of heaven and they were closed, chained and padlocked with a chain that would not have looked out of place attached to a great anchor for a battleship.

Zoe arrived then, with James studying a half-naked tattooed girl in the living room, and she paused at the bottom of the stairs.

'Master?' her tone was confused and not a little worried.

"Zoe, come here." James said aloud, pointing to his side but not looking at her.

Zoe immediately came to his side, her shoulder touching his, and her eyes were fastened on the topless Scarlett as well.

James couldn't help but notice that Scarlett's nipples became erect, and her eyes were locked on Zoe.

'Zoe, she called the redhead, Angie, mistress.'

'Look at her throat, Master. Look at her!' Zoe was practically quivering at his side.

James lifted his eyes to Scarlett's throat and there, clearly discernible amid the other tattoos, was a slave collar and a padlock, permanently inked into her skin.

'You like that, Zoe?' James teased.

'Yes, Master, oh yes! I am so wet right now.' she sent, grabbing his hand and pushing it between her legs.

'Zoe, we have company'

'Oh my god, Master, I am so sorry, I just ... I ... look at her. Look at her wrists!' she cried out silently, not releasing his hand. Instead she began to hunch her hips, rubbing herself on his uncooperative fingers.

James looked where she was pointing with her free hand and saw the slave manacles tattooed around her wrists, and he knew that he had zero chance of reining her in unless he wanted to punish her.

He flicked his eyes sideways, seeing Stacy standing on the bottom step, her hand covering her mouth, trying to stifle her giggles at the scene in front of her. Her eyes locked with his and she licked her lips, then laughed out loud.

'You have to control your slave, lover.' she sent, her amusement even clearer through their link.

James looked over at Angie, saw that she was watching the entire scene, amusement warring with lust in her eyes. When Angie saw that he was watching her in turn, she slowly winked, then smiled at him.

James freed his hand from Zoe's crotch, and as he brought it up and grasped the hair on the back of her head, he could smell her arousal. He grabbed a handful of hair and forcibly turned Zoe's head until their eyes met. Wordlessly, he let his displeasure at her conduct show in his eyes, then pressed downward.

Zoe, snapping out of the spell she had been under, blanched when she realized what she had done, and sank to the floor on her knees, her head bowed.

'I am sorry, Master. I was ... I was overcome.'

'We will discuss proper behavior in front of guests later, slave.' James sent, letting a hint of steel show through his mental voice. Though Zoe tried to hide it, this inflamed her even more, and he could feel her trembling at his feet, loving every second of this.

"Angie, I want to apologize for Zoe. She gets carried away and she was astounded at the collar and manacles Scarlett wears." James said to Angie, his tone seeming to say 'What can you do?'

Angie laughed and nodded.

"I have to take Scarlett in hand, every now and then, usually when it is time for another tattoo. She is positively orgasmic under the needle." Angie replied, smiling brightly at James.

"Angie, I see you have met my fiancé and his pet, my little sister Zoe." Stacy piped up in an amused tone as she entered the room. "I wanted to surprise them. You know, before I met James, I had always assumed that it was all an act for you two. I realized, after I called you, that I was wrong, that it wasn't just a performance thing, was it?"

"You would be surprised at the number of people who don't get it, even if I rub their noses in it, Stacy. I used to count you among the clueless. Now you are involved with a man, a very beefy specimen, who took your own sister as his slave? I never would have expected it!" Angie laughed and gave Stacy a hug.

"We sat in Economics together for a year and I always thought you were cool, and cute, but kinda straight-laced, you know?" She continued, beaming at Stacy.

"Zoe gave herself to him, Angie, She truly wanted to be his slave when she submitted, it was beautiful. I admit that I cried my eyes out. Then James invited me to bed and the rest, well, the rest was history." Stacy said, slipping her arm around James and kissing him on the cheek.

"I have got to introduce you to the community! There are a dozen full-time Doms in town, well, Doms that I would consider trustworthy, and we get together sometimes. It is nice to be able to relax among people who understand, and Scarlett loves to be able to talk to other slaves that understand her joy at being owned. Don't you, slut?"

"Yes, Mistress! I am so happy to meet a new little sister." Scarlett smiled, her eyes on Zoe.

"So is this why you invited us over, Stacy? I thought you really wanted a tattoo." Angie asked.

"Oh no! I do want a tattoo, we want them, Zoe and I. Zoe is only sixteen, though, so that's a problem, but not why I invited you here. We really wanted to talk to you about organic inks, and to get a sample to test first. We have some, um, rather stringent requirements about the ink, you see." Stacy said, looking towards James.

'Shit, how do we explain it if she pushes?' she sent to James.

'Let me.'

James focused on Angie, letting her emotions flow over him and browsing her surface thoughts. She was relaxed, and a little aroused. Her thoughts were pretty straightforward, happy at finding another dominant/submissive couple, happy that her college friend had moved into her other world, and curiosity about the unusual family group in front of her.

James sent an emotional push, inducing her to be calm, accepting, happy with them, and then he delved deeper, searching her memories.

What he saw disturbed him, and he began to understand the tattoo artist a lot better. Her inner turmoil was close to the surface and he could see that she had been abused, as a girl, by a step-father, mentally abused by her mother, and had spent much of her childhood feeling powerless, out of control of her own life. Her desire for dominance spawned from that upsetting beginning. When he saw her session with a therapist, still fresh in her mind, he saw that she was getting help but her dominant side was definitely her primary personality.

"Angie, would you like to take a seat? I have a little story to tell you." James said.

'I think we can trust her. We almost have to if we are going to do this, and I think Zoe really needs others she can talk to.' he sent to both Stacy and Zoe. 'Isn't that right, baby.'

'Oh, yes Master! I love being your slave but, well, it would be nice to talk to other slaves, to have a friend that really understands how I feel. I love you Stacy, but I don't think you really understand, no matter how hard you try.' Zoe hadn't moved, still kneeling with her palms on her thighs, her head down, but James an Stacy could sense her quivering there, excitement rushing through her.

James, Stacy and Angie all sat down in the living room, Scarlett remained standing, in the same pose where they had left her and Zoe remained kneeling on the floor near her feet.

"Zoe, come here." James ordered, point to the floor near her feet, knowing that she was enjoying showing off her submissive nature in front of another Dom and slave.

She crawled over, assuming the same position she had been in, but this time at James feet as he sat on the loveseat. James absentmindedly stroked her hair. Stacy curled up, her feet under her, and leaned her head against James's shoulder.

Angie smiled at the picture and snapped her fingers, "Come here little Slut, sit with me." she ordered. Scarlett practically threw herself at Angie's feet, wrapping her arms around her mistress's calves and laying her head on Angie's knee.

"Angie, I want to tell you this story, but I need your assurance that what we tell you can't go beyond these walls. It could be very dangerous to all of us." James paused, looking at his audience.

Angie tilted her head, her eyes boring into James's, then flicking to Stacy's smiling face and back again before nodding.

"I give you my word, James. I won't tell a soul." she answered.

James told her of his empathic roots, of his breakthrough at the school when he had fought with Zoe. He explained his link to her, Zoe's submission and his fears, at first, that he had somehow forced this on her. Then he told her about Zoe's assurances, of Stacy's involvement with the ceremony, and of Stacy's request to be included in their new relationship.

When he got to the part about the testing of their link, and the painful results, Angie was pale, her face drawn and her eyes locked on Stacy. James told her of his test with Zoe's bracelet, of their thoughts on the ink for the tattoos and his hope that they could be the key to allowing them a little more freedom of movement.

When he was done, Angie sat quietly, stroking Scarlett's hair, deep in thought.

"James, I don't know what to say. On any other day, if someone told me this, I would be, quietly and respectfully of course, laughing inside. But seeing this, "she paused, and raised her hands, indicating the relationship of the three lovers, "it makes me want to take you seriously. You can understand my hesitation?"

James smiled.

'Ready, my loves?' he sent, then collected them as he sent a probe into Angie's center.

Not moving a muscle, his smile still on his face, he spoke to Angie.

'You can trust us, Angie, and believe us.'

If the topic at hand had not been so serious, James had no doubt that he would be laughing out loud at the expression on Angie's face.

'It's true, Angie.' Stacy sent.

'My Master would not lie to you, mistress.' Zoe chimed in.

"Oh ... wow." Angie whispered, her eyes racing back and forth, darting from face to face. "Um ... can you..."

'Can you hear this?' she asked silently.

'Yes we can. Can you feel this?' James sent in return, and pulsed out a wave of peace, empathy and a brief rush of lust, just to keep things light.

"Oh ... my." Angie said again, her hands rising and covering her breasts, her nipples evident through the thin material.

Scarlett, seemingly unconcerned at the conversation going on above her, looked up for a minute, startled, and stared at her mistress. Her own nipples had already been hard, but she felt them tingle and, from the way she squirmed, a tingle elsewhere as well.

'I am sorry, Scarlett, we didn't mean to exclude you.' James sent and watched the girl's eyes get wide before she buried her face in her mistress's lap.

"Should I not have included her?" James asked, concerned. "I am rather new at this, and I am not sure of the protocols." he admitted.

Angie laughed. "My little slut is quite brazen, when she knows what I want of her, but she just can't deal with others unless at my direction. She is a true submissive in every sense of the word. It took me quite a while to learn what she really needs." Angie said, the tenderness in her eyes was real, and the love she had for her slave just as real.

"Scarlett was lost and on the very ragged edge of a real breakdown when we met. I was angry, I don't even care why, and she happened to be in my way. I remember yelling at her, telling her to get her ass off the floor and onto a chair like a normal person. The speed with which she moved startled me, and when I asked if she was okay, she threw herself at my feet, sobbing. I took her home with me, and she never left. Isn't that right, my pet?"

Scarlett seemed to shiver, rubbing her face in her mistress's lap, a soft hum almost like a kitten's purr coming from her.

Angie shook her head and met James's eyes again.

"This is all ... extraordinary. I want to help. I have some samples, the ones that Stacy asked for, in the car. Let me get them for you. I will even tattoo them for you, for both of your lovely ladies." she said, smiling at the trio.

"We can pay for your work, Angie. You have to make a living!" James protested.

"I wouldn't dream of it. Today is a banner day for me. Not only do I get to meet someone who understands us, but I got to see a miracle." she said, shaking her head. "And your Zoe, even at sixteen, won't be a problem." she assured them.

"Then let us take you out to dinner then, to celebrate our new friendship. We want to repay you somehow!" Stacy said, her expression earnest.

"Tell you what. There is a place, a club of sorts, where like-minded people can go and not be ogled by the normals. You can bring your pets in and treat them like they want to be treated, and you will not even raise an eyebrow. Let me introduce you to my favorite place and I will let you buy us dinner. Deal?"

James could feel Zoe quivering, her excitement levels too high to sit still.

'Stacy, can you see how this is affecting our little Zoe? I think she is about to cum just sitting there.' James sent, his amusement flowing through their link.

'I see it, baby. You are going to need to take her upstairs after this and let her wear you out.' Stacy sent back, her grin so wide that James was surprised her face wasn't aching.

'Zoe dear, would you like that? Would you like to get a collar, and go to dinner as my slave, in a place where you can be yourself?'

Zoe didn't reply, but through their link, James and Stacy were almost overwhelmed by her desire, her lust as an orgasm overtook her. She hadn't had to touch herself, or be touched, her own desires overwhelming her body and the orgasm so strong that she sank to the floor, a wet spot visible in the front of her shorts.

"Oh ... my." Angie said again, her eyes locked on Zoe.

"I think she wants to go, Angie."

They set a date for Saturday. James, Stacy and Zoe were going to work with the ink until then, that gave them three days to try their experiment. They would meet Angie at her studio at two in the afternoon, Angie would begin the tattoos and estimated that they should be done by seven or eight in the evening, perfect timing to head to her favorite hangout, a club called "The Back Way In".

Angie had brought several different colors and several different organic compounds for them to test, and James set them aside for the morning. When Angie left, he carried Zoe upstairs, Stacy trailing along behind, and lay her on the bed.

With Stacy's help, they had her stripped in no time and their own clothes off in just a moment more.

James lay down on the bed next to Zoe, his hands tracing lazy circles on her stomach as she grinned at him, her eyes still filled with passion.

"Am I forgiven, Master?" she asked, licking her lips.

"Hmm, Stacy, should we forgive Zoe or should we make her do penance.?" James asked, raising his eyes to Stacy as she stretched out on the other side of Zoe.

"Oh, penance, definitely!" She replied, winking at her sister.

James tried for a stern expression, his brow furrowed and a scowl on his face.

"On your knees, slave." he barked out, the amusement and love in his eyes not fooling anyone.

Zoe, feeling more alert and not bothering to hide her smile, popped up to her knees. She knelt, her knees spread shoulder width apart and her swollen and dripping pussy in full view of her master and her sister wife.

"You acted out in front of guests, and then had an orgasm, right there in front of our visitors. I think that was rude. Your sister didn't have an orgasm, did you Stacy?"

"No, lover, I didn't. And I am so horny..." she replied, her tone petulant.

"Zoe, I want you to service Stacy, make her scream out your name. If you do a good job, maybe, just maybe, I will give you a chance to make it up to me by letting me bury this," he wagged his hard cock at her, "in that tight ass of yours. Fail me in this, and I will take care of Stacy and you can sleep on the floor, chained to the futon while I fuck Stacy all night long."

Zoe didn't answer, instead diving between Stacy's legs and trying to devour her pussy. Her tongue dove as deep as it could, licking and sucking, drawing out every drop of her honey. With one hand massaging one of Stacy's breasts, tweaking the nipple, she used two finger of her other hand to finger fuck her sister, sliding them in and out, her finger tips crooked upwards to tease that special spot that she knew would drive Stacy wild.

Stacy was breathing hard, a flush creeping down from her face to her chest, and her hand curled in Zoe's hair. She was holding Zoe's head and grinding her pussy against Zoe's face, her own hand grabbing and pulling on her free nipple.

It wasn't long before she began to moan, bucking against her sister and gasping.

James, wanting to get in on the fun, scooted behind Zoe and attacked her pucker, stiffening his tongue and spearing it into her, licking and sucking, making her ready, preparing her for his cock.

When Zoe knew Stacy was close, she moved her attack to Stacy's clit, sucking it into her mouth and strumming it with her tongue. She pulled her fingers out of Stacy's sopping pussy and, without warning, inserted her index finger into Stacy's ass, sliding it all the way up to the knuckle and started pumping it in and out.

Stacy seemed to almost levitate off the bed, her back arching and a scream tearing itself from her throat as her orgasm, triggered by the unexpected assault, broke over her like a tidal wave. She soaked Zoe's face and chest with her juices, grinding herself even harder against her sister's face.

James, taking his cue from the scream of pleasure, lined up his cock with Zoe's ass and pushed, grunting when he felt the head slip past her ring, sighing at the hot, moist pressure that surrounded him.

Zoe threw her head back, breaking free of her sister's grip and gasped, then whimpered as she felt James inch his cock deeper and deeper into her tight little asshole.

When he was bottomed out, his groin pressed up against her cheeks and his balls ticking her pussy, he pulled back and slammed his cock back in to her, making her grunt and shake her head. He set up a steady rhythm, slowly pulling out and then slamming back in, every stroke making Zoe whimper even more. When Zoe felt Stacy squirming underneath her and fasten her lips on Zoe's clit, she began to chant.

"Fuck fuck fuck FUCK FUCK FUCK ME!"

Stacy sucked Zoe's clit inside her mouth, worrying it with her teeth and tongue, reveling in the quivers that were racing through her little sister. Zoe, overcome by the sensation, let her torso collapse on top of Stacy, her ass still high in the air and being pummeled by her master. Her chin, laying squarely on Stacy's clit, was providing just enough stimulation, via James's thrusts, to start Stacy on the way to another orgasm.

James was close, he could feel it coming, feel it building inside of him. He began to jackhammer in and out, slamming his cock deep inside of her, pounding her and, when his orgasm hit, he buried himself to the hilt and let his seed spill out into her waiting ass.

Zoe, the feeling of his hot cum splashing inside of her, began her own orgasm, moaning and crying out "I love you I love you iloveyouiloveyou..." her voice trailing away as she collapsed on top of her sister.

James quickly rolled aside, his cock popping out of Zoe like the cork from a champagne bottle. He grabbed Zoe's hips and eased her body off to the side, afraid that their combined weight was going to be too much for Stacy, but Stacy was down there, her face covered with her sister's juices, smiling like the cat who ate the canary.

She shocked James by rolling over and taking his cock into her mouth, licking him clean before attacking her sister's ass, licking up all of his seed that had spilled from her abused little rosebud.

James was shocked, but he was turned on as well. That was the nastiest, and the sexiest, thing he had ever seen. His cock, barely starting to wilt, came right back, rock hard, and he smiled at the scene in front of him.

Stacy, done licking her sister's thighs and butt crack, smirked at James.

"You must have read our minds, lover. Zoe and I were just talking about this, wanting to try it ... so I hope that hard cock is for me."

James leaned down and kissed her, tasting his own cum on her lips, but not caring at all. He started to scoot around, to get behind her but Stacy grabbed his arm, rolled on to her back and lifted her legs.

"I want to see you, baby. I want to see your face as you put that cock in my ass." she purred.

James hooked her legs over his shoulders and slid his cock into Stacy's pussy, bottoming out inside of her in a single stroke and watching her eyes go wide. Sawing back and forth, gathering her nectar, he pulled out and placed the head of his cock at her rear entrance and then paused.

"You sure about this, baby?" he asked, searching for signs that she was ready.

"Shut up and fuck me." Stacy growled, grinning at him and pushing herself back towards him, trying to impale herself on his cock.

He lined up again and pushed, slowly sinking the first couple of inches of himself into her, marveling at the similarity, and the difference, in feel.

Stacy gasped, her eyes shut tight and a tear leaking down her cheek. James froze, barely a third of his cock inside of her, and waited to see if she would stop him.

Stacy opened her eyes again, smiling.

"Go slow, lover, it's my first time. Just go slow, let me get used to it." she moaned, wiggling her hips.

James took his time, slowing inching his way forward until he was fully sheathed in her ass. Stacy had her hands on his thighs, holding him still while she got used to the intrusion. When she was ready, she pushed back gently against his thighs, guiding him slowly as he withdrew, and then pulled him forward, hissing through her teeth as he buried himself inside her again.

The look of pain on her face was slowly being replaced by lust, her expression full of surprise and even wonder as she urged him to move faster and faster. When her eyes closed again, clenched shut and her bottom lip caught in her teeth, her grunts urged him on, faster and harder, plunging himself to the hilt and guided by her hands.

Even though he had come just minutes before, he could feel his orgasm building again and he reached down with his thumb to savage her clit. Stacy went wild, bucking against him, meeting his thrusts as if she was trying to get even more of him inside her.

When James came, his seed filling her, Stacy screamed again, her head thrashing back and forth and her eyes wide open, not seeing anything at all.

James, spent, collapsed on top of her for a moment to catch his breath. When he started to roll off, she clutched him to her, holding him in place.

"Stay, stay with me. I want it there, want you inside." she panted, pushing his face to her breast, feeding him a nipple.

James suckled, gently nibbling and licking Stacy's nipple and loving the little shivers that he could feel coursing through her body. Zoe had rolled over, and she lay beside them, her mouth on Stacy's other breast and her hand rubbing James's back, she was actually purring.

They lay together, James in the middle and one girl on each side, just enjoying the afterglow and holding each other.

"That was just ... wow! I have never cum so hard in my entire life." he said, kissing first one, then the other.

"Oh Master, it makes me want to be bad more often if that is the kind of punishment I can expect." Zoe giggled, laying a leg over the top of his.

"Damn, and I always refused when a guy wanted to do that. Never wanted to until I met you, baby. That was intense!" Stacy said, snuggling closer.

"So, something you might want to try again?" he asked, his voice hopeful.

"Um ... yes, definitely yes, but not soon. I think I am going to have trouble walking for a couple of days." she moaned, setting off Zoe's giggles again.

"Yumm, you can have my ass anytime you want to, Master. That was delicious!"

"Ladies, loves of my life, sister-wives, as much as I do adore laying here with you two sexy ladies, my mother should be home soon. I think we should probably get showered. While she knows that we have sex, I don't think she is quite ready to walk in to see this." He chuckled, giving each of them another kiss.

When he started to get up, he noticed that Zoe was looking off into space, her eyes unfocused and her hand idly playing with one nipple, her tongue licking her upper lip.

"Zoe, we need to get up, baby."

"But Master, Scarlett's tattoos." Zoe whispered, her other hand dipping down towards her sex.

"Zoe!"
Chapter 12 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 11 |   Bottom
Chapter 12
Posted: November 05, 2015 - 09:51:34 pm

The next three days were filled by experimenting with the various inks. Each free moment James had between their new home-school classes, working out and eating, he was in his room, researching and examining the various compounds.

He found that some seemed to be more responsive than others and, when he had Zoe ad Stacy in gestalt with him, he even found a couple that looked as if they would be ideal. The remaining problems were easily laid out, but the solutions were a bit harder to come by.

They didn't know how long the 'charge' would last, though they could all still feel a residual 'charge' in Zoe's bracelet. They didn't know if it would actually extend the range and, almost as important to James, he wanted to maintain their parents' good will, they needed a way for Zoe to get her tattoo without raising eyebrows.

After three days of research, they thought they had the answer to the last question at least. Luminous plants! There had been a push in the last couple of years by various scientific and commercial enterprises to produce easily duplicated bioluminescent products for uses as varied as street lighting to cancer research. One company had even crowd-funded an effort to produce glow-in-the-dark plants.

The process was difficult, but the research was paying off and much of it was publically available to anyone who wanted to try their hand at developing a new method. The most promising effort had combined the genes that created Luciferase with plant DNA to create growing plants. The problem in the first couple of generations was that the glow was not really visible to the naked eye, but by adding in other genetic markers like those of the Hawaiian bobtail squid had produced glows visible under ultra-violet light.

UV Ink tattoos were not a new thing, but bioluminescent UV was not something they could find in a catalog. If they could use those plants to produce an organic, UV ink, then a tattoo done with that substance would be, effectively, invisible once the actual tattoo healed.

Getting samples of the plant was as easy as making a phone call and, with more help from the internet, rendering a few of the leaves down created a clear fluid that they hoped would do the trick was hardly more difficult. How to test it was another question entirely. Zoe's insistence that he give her a small beauty mark with a sewing needle was just not going to happen, not if he had any say about it. Good thing he was the master in their relationship, he couldn't help but think.

They finally agreed that Angie would be the arbiter, the expert to make the call on if they should try it at all, and they would wait until Saturday.

Saturday morning they were all up early and, after their workout, were antsy to leave. Stewart Darcy, Zoe and Stacy's step-father, agreed to take them car shopping that morning. He had a friend from his school days who owned several car lots in town. They were going to treat him to breakfast and then go with him to find a car.

James was surprised when he opened the front door and a young lady was standing there, her eyes red, her face stained with tears and her hand raised to knock.

"Sally?"

"Hi James, is Zoe here?" Sally said, her voice low.

From behind James, Zoe pushed past him and wrapped her arms around her friend.

"SALLY! Oh my god, I can't believe you are here! I thought you weren't talking to me anymore!" Zoe pulled the girl inside, sitting beside her on the couch.

"Zoe, it wasn't our idea. Anna and Denise's parents got scared after the mall thing, and they blamed it on James, and since you were always with him, on you too. They talked to my parents and to Doris's parents and they said we couldn't hang around with you. Then, when you pulled out of school, it just made them even more sure that James was a bad influence." Sally was crying, her hands gripping Zoe's so tightly that her knuckles were white.

"Okay, I get it about Anna and Denise, they were never as close and you and I were, but I was sad that you hadn't come over. And Doris too, we three have been best friends our whole lives!"

"You know that your mom and mine never got along and my dad is such a spineless wimp that mom wears the pants in my family ... or did." Sally broke down, laying her head on Zoe's shoulders and weeping. "He's gone, Zoe. He packed a couple of bags and walked away. Mom has lost her mind, she spends all her time drinking and screaming, I just couldn't take it anymore and I had to get out, Zoe. I had to! All I could think about was seeing you, telling you."

"Oh, Sally, I am so sorry. You have always been welcome in our house and that isn't going to change now that I am living with James and Stacy." Zoe assured the weeping girl.

When Zoe had gotten Sally calmed somewhat, with some help from Stacy, they got the full story.

Sally's mother was an Investment Advisor for a big brokerage firm. She had been the youngest Officer and then the youngest Vice President in the firm's history and was on track to become the Corporate Sales Officer for the entire East coast. She had always been a powerful, driven woman who pushed herself, and those around her, to be the best, to work harder and smarter than the competition.

She had married her husband Marvin right out of college, and both parents had admitted that it had been a marriage of convenience as much as anything else. Marvin had been a lonely kid with an inheritance, a virgin through college, and Susan, Sally's mother, had been a hungry, career-obsessed young go-getter with a bright future.

In exchange for a beautiful wife, a family and a loving home, Marvin had given Susan the support she needed through the early, lean years. He had loved Susan, even as she became more and more shrewish, happy to be a house husband and take care of the family. Until recently.

She and her father had made dinner and were waiting for her mother to come home from a late meeting. Susan had come in, made some off-hand remark about having already eaten and being tired.

Marvin had gotten red-faced, pointed out that her blouse was buttoned incorrectly and that he could smell the alcohol and sex stench on her from across the room. He had said he had enough and simply ignored Susan's replies, her entreaties and, finally, her threats as he packed his bags, kissed Sally on the cheek, and left.

Susan had gone into a rage, admitted that she had lovers, called her husband every name in the book and finally passed out drunk. Sally had hidden in her room, afraid to leave, until finally sneaking out this morning and heading for her friend's house.

"What am I going to do, Zoe? I love my father, we have always been close. Why couldn't he just take me with him?"

None of the trio had an answer for the hurting girl so James changed the subject, hoping to get her mind off her troubles, at least for a little while.

"Sally, we had some errands to run and were just on our way out..." James began, and was interrupted.

"Oh, I am so sorry, I can leave. I'll get out of your way!" Sally said, her face pale.

"No, Sally, let me finish. I was going to suggest that you come with us. Sounds like being out of the house for a little while would be a good thing for you, and I know Zoe missed having you around. I do think you should call and tell your mother so she doesn't worry." he added.

"It's ... it's okay, really?" She asked, looking from James, to Stacy and finally to Zoe.

"Oh course it is! James wouldn't invite you if we didn't want you to be with us." Zoe assured the girl, giving her another hug.

"Sally, I've seen the looks you have given James, tell me you don't want to hang out with our hunky man." Stacy teased, smiling at Sally.

"Well, there is supposed to be a silver lining, right?" Sally said, a little smile on her face. Then she giggled and hugged Zoe again. "Does this mean you'll share?"

"Ha! I already do!" Zoe quipped, snaking an arm around her sister and pulling Stacy close.

"What?" Sally asked, looking confused. Her eyes travelled between the trio and then opened wide, a surprised look on her face. "Oh! Wow ... um..." she said, breaking off and blushing furiously.

James tried to smother a laugh, but that got Stacy going and, of course, Zoe began laughing too. Before long, even Sally joined in and they were all glad to see her looking more like her old self.

"Stacy, maybe you should call Stewart while Zoe helps Sally? Let him know we are on our way back to your house, but we'll be a couple of minutes late." James suggested, giving her a kiss on a cheek.

Breakfast was at the International House of Waffles, and was surprisingly relaxed. James, Zoe and Stacy squeezed into one side of the booth while Sally sat next to Stewart. The conversation was light, with lots of joking around and Stewart seemed a lot more relaxed than he had been at home.

James had been concerned since they had yet to formally discuss Stacy's new relationship with him, and her sister. He knew that both sets of parents were aware, but he couldn't help but wonder what would happen when it was all brought out into the open. With the plan for the tattoos, he couldn't help but think it would be soon.

After breakfast, it was a quick ride to the dealership where Stewart's friend from school was waiting.

"Stew! Damn man, I never see you anymore. I haven't heard from you in over a year and then get a call from out of the blue. Come on in! How are you Stacy? Zoe? You two are growing up to be beautiful ladies!" Jimmy Mason was a rotund, cheerful man and he was talking a mile a minute, his hand and shaking an appendage he could grasp.

He led them into his office and had them all seated on a pair of couches in front of his desk. The office was opulent, but seemed to fit in with the dealership that sold high-end cars. The showroom floor had been full of exotics and James had been worried. They couldn't afford the maintenance on any of these cars, not even thinking about the purchase price!

"Jimmy, this is James, Zoe's fiancé and this other young lady is Sally, a friend." Stewart said, pausing for a minute as he took in the seating arrangement. Zoe was seated on one side of James and Stacy on the other, each was sitting so that they were touching, shoulder and hip with James. Sally had taken a seat next to Zoe and was beaming at everyone, apparently happy to just be there.

"Anyway, the kids need a car and you were the first person who came to mind when they said they wanted to go car shopping. They need something large enough to seat a family, so safe too. They are just starting out so a good used car is just the ticket."

"Fiancé? Wow, now I am feeling old, you two look so young!" Jimmy said, taking in the odd tableau on the couch without comment. "Stewart, you came to the right man. If I don't have a trade-in here on the lot, we'll check the computer and I am sure to have something they like on one of the other lots. So, kids, did you have a make or model in mind?"

"I think James would like a Corvette!" Stacy grinned, rocking sideways to give James a little shove. "But seriously, we were thinking an SUV or maybe a van? But not a minivan, those are way too soccer mom. Something like an Expedition or a Suburban would be good. Plenty of room." Stacy looked and James and Zoe for their opinion, but both were nodding.

"A Volvo station wagon would be okay, they have a good safety record." James thought aloud. "Not the sexiest thing on wheels, but there would be plenty of room."

"Got a budget in mind? Any of those are a possibility." Jimmy said, his mind unfocused as he reviewed the cars he had seen on the back lot that morning.

"We can't go above ten thousand, it just isn't in the budget. Of course, under that would be even better, but we want something dependable, something that is not going to require a lot of repairs soon." Stacy said. They had discussed this in depth and it seemed a good compromise. They would use the majority of the reward money they had gotten, leaving a little back for expenses and emergencies. They needed to get jobs!

Jimmy grabbed one of the salesmen and took all of them on a walk through the rear lot of the dealership. When a customer wanted to buy a higher end car, they often traded in their old autos. At this dealership, they wouldn't even try to sell them, shipping them to the other, lower end lots for repair and reconditioning before reselling them.

In addition, since this was his headquarters, vehicles bought at auction for the used car market were delivered here before being disbursed to his other lots. Often it was a week or more after trade in, or delivery, before they were actually moved though, and Jimmy had a couple dozen vehicles waiting to be transported.

As they walked through the lot, Jimmy kept up a running commentary on the relative merits and downsides to the vehicles they passed. The Salesman would pull up the paperwork for the vehicle being discussed on his tablet and show it to Jimmy when asked.

"Ah, this is what I had in mind!" Jimmy said at last, directing them towards a huge, tan-colored SUV. Let me see what we have on this, Doug." he said to the salesman, reaching for the tablet.

"Okay, this Excursion has sixty-eight thousand miles on it, diesel so the mileage is good and about as safe as you can get short of an armored car. We picked it up at a repo auction a few days ago." He paused, tapping his forefinger against his lips for a minute, then tugged on Stewart's elbow, turning him aside and showing him the tablet.

Stewart nodded and smiled as the two turned back to James, Zoe and Stacy.

"I am going to be straight up with you kids. I paid ninety-two hundred for this at auction, that was the note the bank held. It needs a brake job, a tune-up and new tires, but otherwise it is in good shape. I'll do the needed on it, you pay the tags, and you can have it for ninety-eight hundred."

"Stacy, your mom and I were already talking about buying you a car for your birthday, so we are going to chip in five thousand for whatever vehicle you guys decide on." Stewart said, grinning at the trio.

"What? Really? Oh my god!" Stacy shouted, throwing her arms around Stewart and kissing his cheek. "That is awesome! Are you sure though? You guys can afford that?"

"Your mother and I discussed this last month, and yes. Call it an early birthday present."

James, Zoe and Stacy put their heads together for a few moments and then turned back to Jimmy and Stewart with a smile. "We'll take it! How long will the tune-up and brake job take?"

"We can have it ready by this evening, then you kids can come back to pick it up, okay?"

James reached out and shook his hand, beaming at Jimmy, then turned to Stewart. "Thanks Stewart, this means the world to us."

Stewart looked nonplussed for a moment, then shook James's hand and shrugged.

"I admit that I wasn't real sure about you at first, but the girls are happy and their mother is happy. That's what matters, right?"

The paperwork only took a half hour and they were on their way again, promising to be back at five that evening to pick up the vehicle.

Stewart drove them all to his house and it was a happy, chatting and laughing group that trouped inside.

Ailene Darcy was in the kitchen and came to see what all the chatter was about, smiling and drying her hands on a towel as she took in the bubbly group.

"I take it you found a car you like?" she said, smiling at her daughters, James and Sally included. "Hello Sally, dear." she added.

Stacy threw her arms around her mother, actually picking her up off her feet and spinning her around before kissing her on the cheek.

"Thank you so much, Mom! With your early birthday gift, we got this really cool, and really huge SUV and we still have a bunch of the reward money left!"

Ailene grinned and gave Stewart a kiss on the cheek before turning back to her oldest daughter.

"We were going to surprise you next month, but with everything that is happening ... something we all need to discuss, we thought it would be okay to just give you the money towards a vehicle for all of you."

Stacy, James and Zoe exchanged glances. It was bound to happen sooner or later, their parents, neither set of them, were blind. When James's eyes flicked to Sally, the two girls shrugged and nodded.

"Mom, why don't we all go sit in the living room and talk?" Stacy said, taking her mother's hand.

"Not to be indelicate, but Sally?" Ailene whispered to Stacy as they headed to the other room.

"She's is a bad way, her parents split up and needs to be with friends. She can stay for this, Mom. Zoe trusts her."

Once seated in the living room, Stewart in his recliner and Ailene in her own chair, the trio took seats on the couch, James sandwiched in the middle, and Sally perched on the arm, curiosity shining from her face even as she tried to be invisible.

"Mom..." Stacy started, then turned to look at James and Zoe. "I bonded with James and Zoe, much like James and Zoe bonded." She blurted out, reaching for James's hand.

"Wait, just like? So ... both of them? How is that even possible?" Ailene asked, looking stricken.

"Mom, I asked. Hell, I begged. You know I have had some issues over the last couple of years. Nothing major, but boy problems and school stuff. I haven't been happy. Then James came into Zoe's life and even with the whole link thing, he has been so good for her. They share something special, something that is so beyond anything I have experienced before.

"From the first time I met James, the day he came to take Zoe out to the movies, I felt a connection. I wasn't about to do anything about it, he was Zoe's boyfriend and you know how close Zoe and I are. But it was there, and it was ... it was eating at me. Then I felt jealous that he was taking Zoe away. I was pretty damn confused.

'When Zoe showed me, let me experience the link she shares with James, I knew. Oh, I fought it for a bit, but I knew in my heart what I wanted. Then, on Zoe's birthday, something happened, something wonderful." Stacy was blushing, but refusing to break eye contact with her mother.

"When Zoe invited me to be her sister wife, that is what she called it, I couldn't say no, I didn't want to say no. I joined with my eyes wide open, mom." she finished and leaned against James, beaming at him, love in her eyes.

"Oh hell." Ailene said, looking at James and shaking her head. She turned to look at Stewart, but she could tell that Stewart had already figured this out, at least the basics.

"So you ... and she ... both of you? You have the same link, the same issues with separation, the same everything?"

Stacy nodded. "We think we have a plan about that mom, and we are working on it. We'll know soon. As for the rest, yes. Zoe and I are both James's lovers and we are both happy."

Ailene sat back in her chair, her eyes flicking back and forth from Zoe to James to Stacy. She was astonished but, given what she had been seeing the last couple of weeks, not as shocked as she should have been.

"What about college? I already figured out that you were skipping a semester, and didn't make a fuss about it, but now?"

"I hope to go back, mom, but even if I can't right now, I am not concerned. We have issues to work out, the link being the major one, but we will do it together."

"Mrs. Darcy, Mr. Darcy, this was not something I planned. Heck, it was not something I wanted, at first. Zoe saw how unhappy her sister was, how much she wanted this but was afraid. Afraid of the link, afraid of hurting her sister, afraid of letting herself be ... subsumed, I think is the right word, in something like this. But Zoe convinced me and when I opened up to Stacy, I could see, feel, how right it was. I know this is a shock, but I love both of these women."

James was actively pushing, showing them how sincere he was, how much he loved them both. He was also projecting calm and acceptance, hoping it would be enough. The last thing he wanted to do was try and force the issue, hoping that their parents would accept the new reality.

"Your parents, James?" Ailene asked.

"Mum knows already, Dad prefers to pretend that he doesn't want to know." James smiled and shook his head. "I used to think Dad was a bit slow about some things, but I have come to realize that he just prefers to let me figure out things for myself, not stepping in unless he feels I am going wrong. He knows my mum and I have a special bond and trusts her judgment."

"So she knows, but how does she feel about it?" Ailene pressed.

"She is frightened a bit, but she has had a lifetime of experience dealing with this whole issue. She grew up in a household where this ability was normal. She is concerned for me, of course, and for the girls, but she trusts me."

"This is all so ... different." Ailene said, shaking her head. It was clear to James that she would need time to adjust, but what he felt from her was concern, not fright or anger, and he was sure she would accept them.

James's larger concern, at the moment, was the shock and unbridled curiosity flowing from Sally. She had been thrust into the midst of this, not having all of the information. They would have to sit down and tell her what was going on, but that meant yet another person who had their secret.

He didn't know her like Zoe did, and he couldn't help but be concerned. The more people that knew, the likelier it would be that it would slip out, that more and more people would learn. That could be a disaster.

'Zoe, Stacy, we need to sit down with Sally. She has to be convinced to keep our secret, and we need to fill her in. Right now she is practically quivering over there, her curiosity is eating her up.'

'Sally will be okay with this, Master. I have been using what you taught me, and I can see that she has had a crush on you since the first day of school. You could take her as well, she would come willingly to be your slave.' Zoe giggled silently.

'Christ, Zoe! James doesn't really need another woman to worry about.' Stacy laughed, giving her sister a mental push.

'Oh?' Zoe replied, sending a very erotic image to both of them. The image was one of Sally, naked and spread eagled on the bed, Stacy sitting on her face and being serviced by Sally's tongue while Zoe was licking Sally's honey pot. James, in this vision, was standing over Sally's head so that Stacy could suck his cock.

'Oh wow... ' Was Stacy's only reply, but James and Zoe could feel a wave of lust radiate from her.

'Um, ladies? That was not what I had in mind. I think I should have a vote in this.' James sent, his mental tone stern and unyielding.

'Sorry Master, I just wanted to please you.' Zoe's mental tone was contrite, but there was a hint of mischievousness lurking behind her thoughts, and not a little of her own lust.

James sent Zoe and image of her turned over his knee, his hand leaving bright red welts on her tight little bottom. Stacy just snickered.

'That's it, James, threaten her with a good time. Besides, I am not your slave like my sister here, so I get a vote too, right?' She let her amusement at the conversation shine through but, as with Zoe, there was an undercurrent as well. She was not a slave, had not submitted and was with James as a partner.

'Can we table the extras for now and just talk to her? I need to know that we are safe, that she can be trusted.' He sent, no more amusement, no playfulness in his tone.

'Of course, James.'

'Yes, Master.'
Chapter 13 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 12 |   Bottom
Chapter 13
Posted: November 05, 2015 - 09:51:34 pm

Getting time to talk was easier than James had thought. Ailene and Stewart said they wanted time to think about the situation with the three of them, discuss it among themselves.

Stacy grabbed James's hand and pulled him up from the couch, gathering Zoe and Sally, and they all went upstairs to Stacy's room

"Guys? Can I ask? I know that this is all private stuff, but I thought for sure that Zoe was pulling my leg this morning..." Sally let her question tail off, her eyes still wide from the conversation downstairs.

'Master, may I?' Zoe sent to James, her face hopeful.

James just nodded, and sat down on the bed, his eyes on Sally.

'Sally, look at me.' Zoe sent to her friend.

Sally turned focused on Zoe, looking at her expectantly.

'Sally, Stacy and I have a special bond with James.'

Sally's head cocked to the side a bit, her expression perplexed and her mouth slightly open. Her eyes darted to James, and then to Stacy, before coming back to Zoe again.

"Zoe?"

'It's okay, Sally. I know that this is strange, but you can believe it. It's real, Sally. You don't have to answer out loud, just think your questions.'

"Oh my god..." Sally whispered, and sat down right there on the floor. She stared up at Zoe for a moment, then seemed to zone out, mumbling to herself softly enough that the other couldn't hear her.

James couldn't help himself, and he send a probe deep enough to hear what she was thinking.

' ... but it can't be, but it has to be, right? You saw it, or heard it, or something. But how? Aliens! NO, stupid girl, not aliens, don't go hysterical. Telepathy, but is there more? Telekinesis? Clairvoyance?' Sally thought, her mind working furiously.

'Sally, it's okay, really. And no, we are not aliens, you had that part right.' James sent as gently as possible, not derailing her train of thought, but letting it float in there so she would not be frightened.

'So this is all real then? Zoe, how? When?' she thought, raising her eyes to her friend.

Zoe dropped to the floor, sitting across from Sally, their knees almost touching and looked into Sally's eyes. She spent the next several minutes filling Sally in on the whole story, including her request and her birthday celebration, and then Stacy's joining.

Sally's eyes had already been wide with shock, but when Zoe had gotten to her submission ceremony, and the love and lust in her mental images struck Sally, she looked like she was about to faint.

Sally was quiet for a long time. Stacy, Zoe and James stayed out of her head, leaving her privacy intact while she worked her mind around the incredible story her friend had just dumped in her lap.

"So now what?" Sally said aloud. She looked sadly at Zoe, then at James and, finally Stacy. "Now that I know, I have to submit?"

"No! Is that what you got from Zoe's tale? Did it sound like Stacy was forced?" James was shocked, and not a little disgusted at the idea.

"Master ... James, please. She is just a little freaked out. I can show her..." Zoe trailed off and it was obvious that it was a request, one she wanted her Master to grant, to allow her to open herself to her friend.

James shrugged. He knew he was feeling defensive, his fear of the secret escaping had him on edge.

"Sally, I am going to show you, okay? It won't do anything to you, but you will be able to see my thoughts, feel what I felt and what I feel today, taste the emotions of those memories and even my emotions towards James and my sister. Don't be scared, okay?" Zoe reached out and took Sally's hands. "Okay?" she asked again, softly, pleading.

"Okay." Sally said, and James could see how tense she was, wanting to trust her friend but afraid all the same.

Zoe opened up her mind and fed the connection with Stacy and, together, they linked more solidly with James so he could guide them. James ran his probe deep into Sally's mind, stopping short of the point where he could actually control her, then fed his memories and those of his wives to the frightened girl.

It took several long minutes, during which Sally had closed her eyes, her chin dropped to her chest. She was actually swaying back and forth as the memories, emotions and thoughts from three people, three different perspectives of the same event flooded her mind.

When it was done, her head stayed down, but Zoe could see the tears dripping from her cheeks and leaving small dark spots on the legs of Sally's jeans. Sally took a ragged breath and then scrubbed her cheeks with her fists.

When she finally looked up, she leaned across and hugged Zoe to her, whispering in her ear.

"I am sorry. Sorry for doubting you, sorry for being afraid, sorry for not being a better friend."

"Don't be silly! This is enough to make anyone freak out." Zoe giggled, hugging her back and giving her a kiss on the cheek.

"How can you trust me not to tell? I mean, I sweat on everything that I am that I would never breathe a word, but this is too important, too huge. How can you trust me? Any of you?" Sally said, her eyes once again raking all three.

"Sally, Zoe trusts you, so we trust you. I can't make you keep our secret, we just have to trust that you know how badly this could hurt all of us if the secret got out." James said gently, smiling at the girl.

Sally sat quietly for another minute before grinning lopsidedly at Zoe. "Slave? Really?" she asked, rolling her eyes.

Zoe blushed and nodded, then shrugged in return, her smile bright and full of joy. "It is so ... freeing. All I have to do is please my Master. He has to worry about everything, including me. I don't have to worry about bills, or school, or my parents, or ... or anything. I love it, and I love him. It makes me happy."

"Wow. Just ... fucking wow." Sally said, shaking her head. "Do you always hear what Stacy and James are thinking? Does it get, I don't know, crowded in there? Noisy?"

Zoe giggled and shook her head. "We have to actually try to hear each other's thoughts. James can see ours any time he wants, but he is the ... well, the first and strongest. Stacy and I can do it, but it takes effort. I feel his emotions all the time now, not real strong, but it is there, like a buzz in my brain. When he sees me, I know he is thinking about me, loving me and it makes me all warm. Of course, when he sees me naked... " she trailed off, wagging her eyebrows exaggeratedly at Sally.

"What? OH!" Sally said, shooting a speculative look at James and then blushing. "Wow."

The rest of the afternoon was spent just chatting, answering Sally's questions and joking around. By the time Ailene and Stewart called for them, it was almost time to go and get their new SUV and Sally was back to her earlier, smiling self. All three girls had spent quite a bit of time with their heads together, whispering. James had been curious, but not enough to intrude, even when Stacy started giving him measuring looks. He knew he could get the information at any time, but he also knew that they would tell him when they were ready, and they wouldn't appreciate him forcing the issue without a good reason.

All four trooped downstairs together, taking their places in the living room just where they were before.

"I can't begin to really imagine how you three feel," began Ailene, "But you know I love you, and I have come to trust and even admire James too." She sighed. "If you are happy, I won't stand in the way. I mean, it's not like I actually could, right? I just hope you three are not getting in over your heads."

Stewart, who had been sitting back and letting his wife talk, suddenly scooted forward to the edge of his chair, a speculative look on his face.

"I don't know the rules, or whatever, but I have to ask. Did you ... um ... do anything to Sally? Is she, like, one of the group now?" He looked concerned.

Sally giggled and shook her head. "No, Mr. Darcy. They told me, showed me really, what this was all about. They didn't ask me to join them, or entice me or anything like that. I am a little jealous, mind you. They have this closeness, this link that is beyond anything I could have imagined. It is kinda like what I thought marriage should be, you know? But even more. It's very romantic, in a strange way."

Stewart looked relieved, exchanging a glance with his wife, and sat back in his chair again.

"Sorry kids, I didn't mean to imply anything. I just had this vision of myself trying to explain to her parents why she had to live here now." he said, ruefully.

The trip back to the dealership took only a half hour, though the final paperwork seemed to take twice that. Soon Stacy was at the wheel, James beside her and Zoe with Sally in the second row of seats. They drove happily off the lot and followed Stewart back to the house, grinning and laughing all the way. They had wheels!

Dinner was a relaxed affair, the triumvirate, a term Sally had started using, were relieved to have the issue of the Darcy parents off their shoulders. Though they hadn't spent much time discussing it among themselves, it had been wearing on them. Now they could relax and not have to hide their relationship and it felt damn good.

"Stacy, I need to go and get my license now." James said, as they sat talking once the food was gone.

"Definitely. If I can get a job, you might have to drive me so you and Zoe can have the truck. Or hell, it may be the other way around. Well, once we get the problems with the link ironed out."

"Speaking of which, why not give Angie a call, see if she is available tomorrow?"

Zoe immediately perked up, smiling hugely. "I can see Scarlett again. We have so much to talk about." she said, her face flush and her breath becoming more rapid. "So much..."

James goggled at his girlfriend slash slave, then found himself chuckling. Stacy joined in, shaking her head, but she was smiling fondly at her sister.

"You did this. You unleashed the monster." she accused James, shaking her finger at him.

"The monster was always there, waiting for a way to escape." he said, trying to look innocent.

'The monster is so very horny right now, Master.' Zoe sent, licking her lips.

James grinned, winking at Zoe, then blushing when he heard Sally start to giggle. Zoe had sent it to all of them!

"Maybe I should go home after all." Sally started brightly, then as she realized what she was saying, she was almost despondent. James knew that home was not a good place for her, not yet.

'Sally could stay in Zoe's room, and we will be in mine anyway, I have the bigger bed.' Stacy sent, making sure that it only went to James and Zoe.

'I hate to see her go back to that mess right now. She was in quite a state this morning.' James admitted, gratified but not surprised when Zoe began to nod enthusiastically.

"Sally, would you like to stay the night?" James asked, then hurried on when he saw the startled look on Sally's face. "You could sleep in Zoe's room. We usually all sleep together, but in Stacy's so you wouldn't be putting anyone out or anything." he finished lamely.

Sally looked hopeful, trying to smile. "It would be okay? Really? I can't be around my mom when she is like this, and it is much worse than it has ever been."

"I think you should at least call home though, let her know you are okay. I wouldn't want her to call the police and report you missing or something." James added.

Sally looked rebellious and not a little disgusted. "Like that would happen. She probably hasn't even notice that I am gone, not unless she wanted to scream at me some more and I wasn't around to take it." She crossed her arms below her breasts and slouched in her chair looking very unhappy.

"Still, it would be the right thing to do and it would make us feel more comfortable." James said softly, gently pushing trust and understanding towards the emotionally fragile girl.

"Fine." she huffed, rolling her eyes. She got up and walked over to the phone, dialing the number and waited, listening to it ring.

"It's me, I am at a friend's house because you were drunk and foul mouthed. I will come home when you are sober." she said angrily before hanging up the phone.

When she turned and saw the abashed looks on the faces of the triumvirate, she rolled her eyes again. "Answering machine, don't look so freaked." Then she grinned.

Stacy managed to get a hold of Angie and she set up a meet for the following day at her studio. As they all trooped upstairs to get ready for bed, Zoe and Sally went into her room and closed the door. James assumed that Zoe was going to get Sally something to sleep in, and he followed Stacy into the other bedroom.

He was surprised, but delightedly so, when Stacy closed the door behind them and flowed into his arms, her face lifted for a kiss.

He brushed his lips across her, sending love and desire to his self proclaimed sister-wife. Their kiss deepened and he clasped Stacy to him, his hands slowly stroking her sides before grasping her ass cheeks and pulling her snugly against him.

He could feel himself getting hard, and he pushed his groin against her, grinding his erection into her lower stomach, a small growl being trapped by their passionate kiss.

When they separated to catch their breaths, Stacy's eyes were bright and full of lust. She kept her midsection pressed tightly against him, slowly grinding her own hips.

'Zoe is not the only one who is horny, James.' she sent, her emotions further enflaming James's own.

'Oh?' he replied coyly, grinning at her. 'And what did you have in mind?'

Stacy bit her lip, knowing how sexy he found that, and began to sink towards her knees, her eyes never leaving his. Her hands slid down his chest, caressing his Pecs and onward to his stomach before stopping at his waistband.

She slowly unbuttoned, then unzipped him, dragging his jeans down his legs and freeing his erection. Taking her eyes off of his for a moment, she let her tongue dart out and give the head a little lick, smiling when he flinched. Raising her eyes again, one hand wrapping around his shaft, she began bathing the head of his cock with her tongue, watching his reaction.

James, fascinated as always at the sight of this beautiful woman on her knees, opened his link to her, showing her what he saw, letting her feel his love and his lust, his pleasure and his anticipation.

Stacy gasped, her eyes closing as she savored the emotional torrent, reveling in the feelings that James was sending. She opened herself as well, feeding her own love and lust back to James, showing him how hot he made her, how wet her pussy was.

She shook herself, a full body shiver, and dove down on his cock, taking as much of it into her mouth as she could. She began to whip her tongue along the shaft as she bobbed her head, sucking lightly and humming, knowing the vibration would drive him wild.

She was relentless, her hand stroking in time to her lips, her other hand massaging his balls. She could feel that he was already close and she redoubled her efforts, wanting to feel him swell in her mouth, wanting to feel him cum and fill her throat, wanting to please him.

James couldn't hold back, didn't want to and knew he didn't need to. Stacy wanted him to cum, wanted to please him. He knew that this first time would take the edge off, make him better able to do all those things Stacy and Zoe loved so he simply rode the wave of passion, let himself crest and, when he began to cum, he wrapped on hand in Stacy's hair and held her, his cock buried in her throat. He began to spurt, stream after stream, feeling her swallow, her throat muscles milking him, pulling every drop out of his cock.

When the last drop had found its way into Stacy's hungry mouth, James felt his knees go weak and he pulled back, only his hand on Stacy's head keeping him from collapsing. When he opened his eyes again and looked down at Stacy's satisfied smile, he couldn't help but chuckle.

'You are so very good at that, you make me feel so special.' he sent, flooding her with love and desire, with images of him between her legs, of him fucking her until she screamed.

Stacy smiled up at him, loving him, reveling in the feelings and images he sent, until she couldn't stand to wait. She stood and began stripping off her clothes, throwing them to the side while dragging James towards the bed.

'Look at how wet I am, lover. Look at how my juices drip down my thighs. I need you, I want you to eat me, to suck and lick me, to fuck me.' she sent hungrily, almost pleading, pulling him towards her as she collapsed back on the mattress.

James didn't have to be asked twice, dropping to his knees and lifting her legs to his shoulders, burying his face in her dripping pussy and licking up every spilled drop. He sucked in one lip and then the other, teasing them with his tongue. He ran his tongue up her slit, flicking her clit lightly before using the underside to glide back down again, repeating this a dozen times, feeling her hips hunch every time he touched her button.

Stiffening his tongue, he drove it inside her, fucking her with it for a moment before moving back to her clit and lashing it briefly

"Unngh ... yes, fuck! Lick me, lover. Lick me, suck my pussy!" Stacy chanted, her hands in his hair, holding his head in place and grinding her pussy against his lips.

James had never heard her be so ... open and it made his cock throb. He slowly slid one, then a second finger into her hot pussy while he lashed her clit. He curled his fingers up, dragging them slowly along the top wall of her pussy, making her grunt and grind against him even harder. Sucking her little clit into his mouth and holding it firmly between his lips, he thrust his fingers deep inside of her again and again and he last her button, driving her wild. When he could tell she was about to cum, when her pussy tried to clamp down against his fingers, he pulled them out and, using her own fluids as a lubricant, slowly pushed his index finger into her ass.

Stacy screamed, her cries only partially muffled by the hand she had stuffed into her own mouth, her things clamping so tightly on his head when she came that he feared he wouldn't be able to break free long enough to breathe!

Stacy's entire body was rigid, her back arched, for several long seconds before she relaxed, flopping almost bonelessly back to the mattress. Her breathing was ragged and she tugged weakly at his hair with her remaining hand, trying to dislodge his lips from her now super sensitive clit.

James, a huge grin on his face, rocked back on his heels, his hands caressing her thighs, just barely touching her hot and wet pussy, loving to see her spasm when he did.

When he stood, his cock throbbing along with his heart, he looked down at the beautiful woman and smiled. Stacy opened her eyes, smiling up at him, and slowly raised her legs, spreading them invitingly. She licked her lips and crooked a finger, drawing him in.

"Fuck me, lover. Fuck me hand and fast." she growled.

James stepped forward, slotting the head of his cock and her opening and, with one thrust, buried himself in her. Stacy grunted and then let out a long sigh.

"Yes ... yes, fuck me. Do it, James. DO IT!" she moaned, her hips hunching, trying to fit more of him inside of her.

He grasped her legs again, lifting them back to his shoulders and pulled out until just the head of his cock was inside her hot pussy. Then, with a deep breath, he slammed back inside, burying himself again with a grunt. He pulled out and slammed back, slowly building speed until he was jack hammering her, pounding into her.

With every grunt, with ever slap of his flesh against hers, she humped back harder and harder, drawing him in, demanding more. Her eyes were rolled back, her hands pulling and tugging at her own nipples and groans rolled from her nonstop as he pounded.

James sped up until he just couldn't go any faster, using her, slamming his cock into her until he felt her pussy clamp down on him, her body shaking and a scream trying to force its way passed her clenched teeth. His own orgasm was unstoppable, boiling up from inside and jetting out, drenching her insides in his cum. Spurt after spurt, his seed filled her, causing her to shudder and groan,

Spent, he simply collapsed, letting her legs drop and he fell on top of her, his weight pinning her to the mattress. Stacy just sighed happily and wrapped her arms around him, holding him tightly to her.

'Oh my god, I could feel that from my room. Sally must thing I went mad. We were talking and then I had my hands in my panties, running over here. I couldn't take it anymore!' Zoe rushed into the room breathless, her hands tearing her clothes off as she hurried to the bed.

She threw herself on top of James, kissing his neck and his shoulders before urging him to roll off to the side. As soon as he was on his back, she sucked his wilting cock into her mouth, bathing and cleaning him with her tongue, finding and sucking down every drop of the combined juices that remained.

Finished with James, she moved quickly to Stacy and latched her mouth onto Stacy's pussy, licking and sucking, drinking James's seed right from Stacy's well used pussy. When she had gotten all she could, she latched on to Stacy's clit and strummed it with her tongue, eliciting a wild groan from her sister.

Stacy simply held Zoe's head, stroking her hair as her sister ate her pussy, driving her to another orgasm with a gasp and a whimper.

"Oh god, Zoe, that is so fucking good. Lick me little sister, taste me. Taste your master in my pussy!" she whispered, her head thrashing back and forth as she came.

When Zoe felt her shudder, she slowly pulled back, climbing the bed and pressing her lips to Stacy's, kissing her passionately and sharing the combined taster of Stacy's pussy and her Master's seed.

"I love you, Stacy" she whispered, and grinned at the loving looks she got in return.

"I love you too, little sister. I am so happy to be your sister-wife"

James, recovered soon enough to enjoy watching his slave licking her sister-wife to an orgasm, saw movement from the corner of his eye. He turned to look and saw that Zoe had not closed the door when she came in. It stood halfway open and there, in the doorway, with her hands in her panties, was Sally.

He sent the image of what he was seeing to Zoe and Stacy, not letting Sally know he had seen her.

'We have a visitor.' he sent, his tone resigned.

'You might as well come on in, Sally.' Zoe sent to her friend, her tone friendly and open.

Sally jumped, startled, and looked exceedingly embarrassed.

"I am sorry, so sorry!" Sally cried, "I didn't mean to, I mean, you ran out and then I heard ... it was so ... hot." she said, looking wonderingly at the trio.

"Come on in please, Sally, and close the door. I am sure that Zoe's parents don't want to hear any more than they already have." James said, shaking his head.

Zoe looked guiltily at her Master. "Master, I am so sorry. I got excited, feeling you and my sister-wife, feeling your orgasm, the..." she trailed off. Then, moving quickly, she slid off the bed and knelt in front of him, her head down.

"I am ready for your punishment, Master." she intoned. James could feel her embarrassment at leaving the door open, her sorrow at failing him and her hunger for him, for his judgment.

"Silence, slave." he said softly, laying a hand on her head.

"Sally, what you heard, what you saw, is three people very much in love. I hope you can understand that." He said, looking Sally in the eye.

"It was beautiful." Sally murmured, looking back at him.

James could feel her sincerity, her curiosity and not just a little lust as well. She was very turned on by what she had seen.

"Stacy and Zoe are my wives." He said calmly, laying a hand on each of their heads, stroking their hair. "I love them more than life itself. Zoe is also my slave, which brings a layer of, well, complexity to this situation. She should have closed the door, should have spared her parents having to hear their daughters making love with me, with each other. It is embarrassing for them and, frankly for me." he explained, watching Sally's reaction.

Sally looked startled, staring down at Zoe where she knelt on the floor at James's feet. He could see in her eyes that she was really starting to understand the depth of Zoe's devotion, to her love of her status as his slave, his belonging.

"Do you understand, Sally?" he asked softly.

Sally nodded, meeting his eyes. "Zoe showed me." she reminded him. "But seeing it, it is all so real now. You have to punish her, right?" She looked a little scared, and even more intrigued. "And me? For peeping?"

"No, Sally, not you. This is Zoe's place, it is her desire that keeps here kneeling there, not my hand. It is Zoe's needs that are met by submitting. She craves order and discipline. I admit that it was, is, hard for me, but I would do anything for her, even this."

James watched Sally, with no little amusement, as her hands had slowly drifted, one to her breast and one towards her crotch. He could see that she didn't even realize she was doing it, but the lust rolling off of her in waves was as plain to him as her erect nipples, tenting the front of the thin t-shirt she was wearing.

'Sally, what do you want, what do you need?' he sent to her, reassuring her that this conversation was private, just between them.

'I don't know. I haven't ever, I mean, not with a boy, and you are like married anyway. It is so confusing, but so hot.' she admitted silently meeting his gaze even as her hand began to rub against her nipple.

'Would you help me with Zoe's punishment?'

'How? What would I do?' she sounded startled.

'Just follow my lead, do as I ask.'

Sally nodded, her eyes straying back to Zoe.

"Zoe, I want you to stand and bend over the chest at the end of the bed. Present yourself for your punishment." James ordered, his voice level but resolute.

"Yes Master!" Zoe said, scrambling to her feet and assuming the position. She was bent at the waist, her forearms on the chest and her ass in the air. James circled around behind her, his cock growing again at the sight. Her pussy was swollen and dripping, her scent wafting to his nose and making him throb with desire.

"Sally, I want you to give her ten swats." he said, and grinned when he heard Zoe gasp. He could see her ass cheeks flexing, her little pussy almost pulsing. "She will count each one and thank you for punishing her. If she loses count, you will start all over again." he instructed, winking at Sally.

Sally's eyes were fastened on Zoe's firm ass and on her dripping sex. She slowly moved forward, reaching out almost without thought and running her hand over the warm, soft skin. When Zoe shuddered, a barely heard whimper coming from her, Sally grasped one cheek, digging her fingers in a bit.

Then she looked up and met James's eyes, her face flushed and her tongue licking her lips. When she saw him nod, she drew back her hand and lashed out, connecting solidly with Zoe's right ass cheek.

"AAAH! One. Thank you Sally!" Zoe cried, shivering but not moving from her place.

SMACK!

"Two! Thank you Sally!"

By the sixth smack, Zoe's upper thighs were drenched, droplet running down her leg and even her little asshole was winking, presenting itself.

On the last smack, Zoe whimpered, a gush of fluid running down her legs as she came hard. "Ten! Thank you Sally, thank you, thank you!" Zoe moaned, her knees trembling.

Sally was breathing hard, her own panties soaked and her nipples so hard that James half expected them to slice right through the thin material.

"Slave, your punishment is not complete yet. Stand and let Sally sit on the chest." he commanded.

Zoe stood, her knees still shaking, her head down, but James could see the smile on her lips. He motioned for Sally to take a seat on the blanket that covered the top of the chest. Stacy was up on all fours, her chin in her hand and a grin on her face as she watched the proceedings. She winked at Sally as she sat down.

"Zoe, kneel before Sally and take off her panties. We can't have a guest running around in wet panties, now can we?"

Zoe knelt and ran her hands up Sally's legs, slowly starting at the calves and working her way up, moving inward until her thumbs were dragging up the inside of Sally's thighs. When her thumbs reached Sally's soaking pussy, the slid up the furrow until her fingers could hook into the waistband. She pulled on the material, Sally lifting her hips absentmindedly, her own eyes on Zoe's breasts.

Once the panties were free from Sally's legs, Zoe sat back on her heels again, almost quivering as she waited for the command that she knew was coming.

"I know that feeling the emotions from Stacy and I making love must have been hard on you. I am sure that you are just dying to have a real orgasm, to have someone touch you, lick you, fuck you." James said seductively, almost whispering. He watched her quiver even more, her body vibrating.

"Your display also got Sally all hot and bothered, and that isn't fair. You are going to pleasure her with your tongue and rub your own pussy at the same time. You are forbidden to cum before our guest, do you understand slave?"

Zoe whimpered, her hands clenching on her thighs. "Yes, Master."

James leaned down and whispered in her ear, softly so only she could hear him. "If you are a good slave, I will sink my hard, hot, throbbing cock into that tight little ass of yours."

Zoe began to quake, every muscle in her body straining and her breath coming in gasps. James could feel her fighting with herself, trying to keep herself from cumming right then, her mind on fire with passion and lust, with a hunger for him to fuck her, to use her.

"Oh yes, Master! Oh ... I will be a good slave, a good slave!" she panted.

"Do as I commanded, slave." he said, laying his hand on her head.

Zoe dove between Sally's thighs, her tongue lashing and straining, licking and sucking. Sally almost screamed, her head thrown back and a gibbering sound coming from her throat as Zoe attacked her sopping pussy.

Stacy, one hand now between her legs, her eyes fastened on her sister frantically eating Sally's pussy, reached for James.

'Come here lover, I want to taste you again. This is making me so fucking hot!'

James walked closer to the bed and watched Stacy flip over on her back, her head hanging off the bed and her mouth open. Stacy had one hand on her tit, pulling and twisting a nipple and the other hand was a blur and she rubbed her clit.

James stepped forward and slid his cock into Stacy's hungry mouth, sighing contentedly, never taking his eyes off of Zoe and Sally.

Sally was writhing on the chest, her hands wrapped in Zoe's hair, grinding Zoe's face into her pussy and chanting.

"Lick it, lick it, suck my pussy, make me cum Zoe!"

It took only a couple of minutes before she was biting off a scream and gushing all over Zoe's face. Zoe, lost in her task, continued, driving Sally to at least two more orgasms in as many minutes, leaving Sally almost boneless, pushing ineffectually at Zoe's head, trying to hunch her pussy away from its tormentor.

James laughed and pulled his cock out of Stacy's mouth with a wet popping sound and a moan of disappointment from Stacy.

He moved over and caught Zoe up under the arms, pulling her away from the mewling Sally and hugging her to his chest.

"Zoe, baby, lover, it's okay. You are such a good girl, such an obedient slave." he whispered, kissing her cheeks, her eyes, her lips.

'You looked so unbelievably sexy there, with your face in Sally's pussy.' he sent privately.

'Oh my god, that was so hot, so dirty and so fucking sexy. I am about to explode. Please, James, please Master, fuck me!' she sent, wrapping herself around him, attacking his lips with her own.

James carried her over to the bed, bending her over the edge right beside her sister and motioning for Stacy to position herself where Zoe could reach her.

He reached down and ran his fingers through Zoe's slit, gathering her wetness and using it to make her rear entrance wet and slick, sliding first one, then a second finger into her ass. Zoe moaned deeply, pushing back against his fingers, trying to force them deeper.

James lined up his cock and buried it in her pussy, slamming into her a dozen times before pulling own. Zoe whimpered when he withdrew, her hips hunching, searching.

James line his cock up, the mushroom head poised at her rosebud, then began to push. When he felt himself pop inside, he paused, letting Zoe adjust. Then, slowly, inch by inch, he fed his cock into her hot little ass, not stopping until his hips were flush with her still red ass cheeks, his balls swinging lightly against her wet pussy below.

He withdrew and pushed in again, watching as Zoe buried her face in Stacy's pussy, muffling her own cries of passion in the wet depths. James began to saw in an out, fucking her ass with abandon, slamming into her and making his balls slap her pussy every time he bottomed out.

Zoe was frantically pushing back, meeting his every thrust. Her cries of passion were muffled, burbled by her sister's pussy. Her tongue was slurping wildly, trying to burrow inside as she began to cum.

James could feel her orgasm start, her muscles clamping down almost painfully on his fully imbedded cock, but he was not going to stop. He forced himself out and back in, feeling her muscles ripple as her orgasm continued, cresting again and again as he pounded her.

When his own orgasm began, James was surprised. He had been so intent on maintaining his pace, on the vision of Zoe eating Stacy, that it exploded, almost making him black out as he emptied himself into her bowels with a yell.

Zoe began to convulse on his cock, all thoughts of the pussy she had been eating lost as she moaned and writhed on the bed, her hand grasping at the sheets.

James collapsed on top of her, his breath whooshing out and leaving him light headed. When he rolled off, his cock popping out of her ass with a wet sound, he heaved a sigh of contentment.

Zoe laid a hand on his chest, weakly trying to pull herself up, to wrap herself around him. He pulled her to him, cuddling her and kissing her, whispering how much he loved her.

Sally, her eyes wide, was kneeling on the chest now, her upper body resting on the mattress so she could watch Zoe getting her ass pounded. When Stacy waved her onto the bed, she seemed contented to cuddle up to Zoe where Zoe lay, her head on James's chest. Stacy moved to James's other side and mirrored Zoe, resting her own head on his chest and kissing her sister tenderly.

Smiling, the group drifted off to sleep.
Chapter 14 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 13 |   Bottom
Chapter 14
Posted: November 08, 2015 - 02:55:19 pm
Updated: November 09, 2015 - 03:47:01 pm

(Thanks to Gordon for his editing suggestions!)

"I understand, Zoe. I am not part of you, of your family, but I had so much fun last night." Sally was grinning, looking much more relaxed today and she snuggled with Zoe in the middle seat of the SUV. They were on their way to meet with the tattoo artist, Angie. Zoe and Sally were discussing the group dynamic, the relationship between Zoe, Stacy and James.

"I would really like to, well, spend more time with you guys." she said, looking hopeful.

"With our link, we don't have much choice, even if we didn't love each other. You don't have the link, and I don't think you really want it, right?"

"I don't know, Zoe. You showed me so much, and it is beautiful, but is scary too. We have been friends for five years, but I don't really know Stacy or James. I don't know if I could give myself like that." Sally looked pensive, then shook her head.

"I have these thoughts, these ... fantasies. Last night was one of them." Sally blushed, not meeting Zoe's eyes.

Zoe hugged the other girl, grinning as she whispered in her ear.

"I did too, and James made them come true. I had fun last night too, I had wondered what you were like, aside from your flirting with everyone at school." She giggled when Sally blushed.

"Can I just, well, hang out with you guys for a while? Without all that other stuff?"

"You know my situation, Sally, but I will ask James." Zoe said, reassuring her friend.

The Expedition pulled to a stop in a small strip mall, parking in front of a Tattoo Shop with a big sign reading, 'Skin Deep' over the door.

Inside the shop, there was a tall counter with several photo albums, manned by a petite, raven haired beauty whose exposed skin, except for her face, was covered in colorful tattoos.

"SCARLETT!" Zoe squealed, practically throwing herself across the counter and wrapping her arms around the tattooed girl.

James just shook his head, laughing at her reaction while Stacy giggled. Sally just stood there looking a bit overwhelmed, her eyes taking in the tableau.

"I am so glad to see you! I still have so many questions and I want to see your tattoos again." Zoe was rambling, one hand gripping Scarlett's arm and the other softly caressing the manacle tattoo around Scarlett's wrist.

Scarlett was positively beaming at Zoe, her hand stroking Zoe's cheek.

"Welcome, sister. Did you come for your own collar?" her voice was surprisingly low for such a petite girl, sultry and full of promise.

"Ooooh. I wish, I want it so bad! But Master says I can't, not yet." Zoe pouted.

"Anticipation just makes the moment better, when you finally feel the kiss of the needle, sister." Scarlett beamed, licking her lips seductively. "I must announce your Master, sister, or my Mistress will be displeased with me." She winked at James, her attitude seeming to say that she didn't find the idea of punishment at all distasteful.

She gave Zoe a quick squeeze and disappeared through a hanging curtain behind the counter, returning behind her Mistress a few moments later.

"James! Stacy! I am excited about this experiment of yours. I hope the ink samples I gave you were of some help?" Angie, the artist, was a tall redhead with perfect, porcelain skin and not a tattoo in sight. Her warm smile for James and Stacy made them both smile. She didn't address Zoe, but turned towards Sally with an arched eyebrow.

"James, have you been adding to your family?" she asked, grinning at him.

"No, not as such. Sally is a friend and is staying with us for a bit." he said, shaking his head.

"I am willing to bet that there is a story there, but that can wait. Come in back and let's talk." Scarlett came forward and lifted a section of the counter, opening a waist high gate and gesturing for the guests to enter.

Stepping through the hanging curtain, the group saw a pair of what looked like barber's chairs, each with a workbench behind them, a pair of lamps on articulated arms and a stool, where the tattoo artist would sit. There was set of doors in the back wall, one marked as 'Private' and the other 'Restroom'.

Along the inner wall, there were a half dozen chairs where people could sit and Angie invited them all to rest, pulling a stool over to face the chairs. Scarlett knelt at Angie's side, her head leaning against her knee.

James, Stacy and Sally all chose chairs while Zoe, taking her cue from Scarlett, sank happily to her knees and wrapped her arm around James's calf, smiling at her slave sister.

"Angie, I have been doing a lot of research. Part of the problem was the ink, part of it was social. Zoe is not of age, so any tattoo had to be hidden or, I realized, invisible under normal circumstances. Some web research into naturally occurring fluorescent pigments led me to genetically engineered plants that glow under UV light and, after some experimentation, I have extracted what I think will be a usable ink substitute. The real issue lays in how much, well, power we can give the ink and how long it will last."

James pulled out a glass vial that held five CCs of clear fluid and weighed it in his hand.

"I had an idea the other night and I wanted to run it by you. I think that the ink is just part of the solution, the rest has to be a personal link. I was thinking blood. Not whole blood, mind you, but the serum extracted when removing platelets. Of course, I am completely uneducated in this and wanted your thoughts."

Angie thought for a moment, her hand idly stroking Scarlett's hair.

"I am not a doctor, James, I just poke holes in people for fun and profit. Your idea sounds good, but I can't really assess the risks. I can't think of anything, beyond an allergic reaction, that could go wrong, but I just don't know."

James and Stacy exchanged a chagrined look. They had not even considered an allergic reaction.

"I hadn't considered allergies." he admitted to Angie, looking disappointed.

"Don't give up yet!" Angie grinned, shaking her head. "I am guessing you have never gone in to a doctor for an allergy test?"

When James and Stacy both shook their heads, she nodded and continued.

"They have a tray of common substances that provoke a reaction. They draw a grid on your back, and use small needles to scratch the skin, one allergen to a grid square, then watch for the body's natural reaction. If the site gets red and swollen, it shows that the body had an issue with that allergen. If the site does not, then no allergy." She tapped Scarlett once on the top of her head.

"#1 needle pack, dear." Scarlett jumped to her feet and opened a drawer, extracting a slim plastic sleeve and handed it to her Mistress before resuming her spot on the floor.

"I was thinking, James. The problem with blood transfusions, when someone gets the wrong type, is not all that different from a regular allergic reaction, though much more serious in scale. We could test your blood on the ladies the same way." Angie said thoughtfully.

Working together, James and Angie dipped the needle into the vial of liquid and lightly scratched the skin on James's forearm, then did the same on Stacy and Zoe. Then Angie took used a fresh needle to prick James's finger and did scratch tests on the other forearms for Stacy and Zoe.

While they waited, Angie seemed to think it wouldn't take more than fifteen minutes to get a result, James filled her in on the rest of the plan. The triumvirate would need a half hour of concentrated effort, in his best estimation, to imbue ink.

"Stacy said that she wanted three interlocking rights, right baby?" James said, turning to the older sister-wife.

"Right over my heart." she agreed, giving James a kiss. "I want simple wedding style bands, interlocked."

"And we all know what Zoe wants." he continued with a grin, his hand stroking Zoe's hair as she beamed up at him. "But what she is going to get is a band around her wrist." he smirked when Zoe's grin turned into a pout.

"Stacy's won't take too long, about half an hour or so. I can't do anything elaborate with UV ink, unfortunately. Zoe's, if we keep it a simple cuff, a band style ring around her wrist to start, maybe an hour. Does she have any specifics in mind?"

James looked down at Zoe and nodded. 'Tell the pretty lady what your heart desires, baby girl.'

"I would really like some text inside the manacle." she said, looking at Angie and deliberately not looking at James.

"And what would you have it say?" Angie asked softly.

"Without reservation." Zoe said clearly, her voice strong and certain.

Behind her, James's breath caught in his chest, his eyes moist, his mind re-living that night, her birthday and her submission.

He leaned down and, with great tenderness, kissed Zoe on her forehead.

When enough time had passed to be relatively certain that there were not going to be any adverse reactions to the tests, Angie had Scarlett fetch a fresh needle. She used the needle to puncture the ball of James's right thumb and squeezed the thumb over the top of the open ink vial, watching as drop after drop splashed into the viscous liquid below. When the ink began to take on a slight pinkish tint, she pulled the vial away and capped it, shaking it vigorously to mix the two fluids.

"You may use my office, if you like." Angie offered, pointing to the door marked 'Private'.

James, Stacy and Zoe joined hands, leaving Sally in the company of the artist and her slave, and walked into Angie's office, closing the door behind them.

They sat together on the floor, tailor fashion and their knees touching. They joined hands in the middle, the vial gripped tightly, and James opened his mental barriers, bringing both of the girls into a gestalt, just like they had practiced.

Each of them concentrating on the vial and on each other, they poured their energies, their love and happiness into the link and into the tenuous thread from that tiny bit of James in the vial. They could feel the link grow stronger, a pale shadow of James himself, but still a vibrant, active link.

When they began to tire, they sat back and relaxed, each closing their eyes, and their links to the others, and seeking out the vial by itself.

There was a collective gasp as they all made the connections. The vial was there, glowing in their minds like a miniature sun. They could feel the energy stored there, roiling and bubbling in the tiny glass tube.

"I think it worked, ladies." James whispered into the shocked silence.

"James, this could be it! In all our attempts before, nothing like this, nothing even close to that reaction!" Stacy crowed, her face glowing and her smile so wide that James wondered why it didn't hurt.

"Master ... I..."Zoe had tears running down her face and she crawled into James's lap, burying her face in his neck,.

"Sweetheart, what's wrong?"

"I am afraid. I love you, I love this, our life, our connection. What if this breaks that link? What if I don't really want to be separated from you?" she sobbed.

James held her closely and opened up his link. He flooded her with his thoughts, his love, his fears and his absolute certainty that they would always be together, always be family.

"Zoe, nothing important will change. You will always be mine, I swore an oath. Nothing could change that, not the tattoo, not our families, not even death." he assured her.

Stacy joined them, wrapping her arms around the pair and crooning her support to her sister-wife. When Zoe's tears faded, and she began to relax, letting go of her fear, Stacy leaned even closer and whispered in her ear.

"Do you think your little pussy is going to get all wet when she starts? Will you have an orgasm like Scarlett when the needles begin to push the ink into your skin? Will you lay awake at night, touching your slave bracelet and rubbing your little pussy? Well, sister of mine, sister-wife?"

Zoe started squirming on James's lap as she heard Stacy's whispers and, by the time Stacy had asked her last question, Zoe was giving out little whimpers. James, on the other hand, was doing his best not to laugh and spoil the mood, but sending love and encouragement to Stacy.

'You have a way with words, beautiful, and a way with your little sister.'

'I know, but then we have talked about this, a lot.' Stacy smirked, winking at James.

The actual tattooing didn't take that long, though it was more difficult than a traditional tattoo in that it had to be done under a black light lamp. The pale monochrome nature of the UV ink meant that detail was hard to capture, but Angie was an artist and they watched with fascination as she finished Stacy's rings.

"It is warm, James. Like a beam of sunlight is shining right on this spot. Let me show you." Stacy said in wonder, opening up her mind and letting James and Zoe feel what she felt.

"That's amazing..." James said, awe in his voice.

Zoe just stared, her tongue flicking out to wet her lips, waves of pleasure radiating from her, anticipation causing her to vibrate. James could swear that he even smelled her excitement, her need.

"Stacy, after the last test we did, you said never again. Are you sure you want to do this? Zoe is willing." James asked as Stacy rose from the chair.

"Zoe has an even deeper connection, has been connected longer. I just felt like dying, Zoe almost did. I have to do this, lover." Stacy said, her voice resolute.

They walked as a group, the triumvirate, Sally, Angie and Scarlett, and stood on the sidewalk outside. Angie was going to drive Stacy down the street, keeping a cell phone connection open like the last test the triumvirate had done. Being in the Expedition, she could turn around and get back faster than doing so on foot, in case something went wrong.

James held one of Zoe's hands and Scarlett the other, while Sally went with Stacy and Angie, sitting with Stacy in the rear seats and holding her hand.

The Expedition pulled out, Sally keeping an running commentary as it slowly rolled out of the parking lot and down the block.

"Everything is good so far, Stacy is nervous, but smiling. We are at the end of the block, waiting for traffic. Okay, crossing now, and still moving slow. Two blocks, three blocks, four blocks."

James was grinning wildly, his eyes closed as his senses followed the trail, followed the connection to Stacy. It was working!

Zoe was crying and hugging Scarlett, her tears were of happiness this time, her eyes full of hope.

At ten miles without any issues, Angie turned around and drove back. The Expedition had barely come to a stop when Stacy erupted from the rear door as if from a canon and almost bowled over James and Stacy.

"IT WORKED!!!" She yelled, holding their hands and dancing, hopping up and down with tears in her eyes.

'Ohmygodohmygod! I could feel it, I could see it, like a shining thread that just stretched and stretched. No pain, no nausea, it felt like you were right there with me, James!' she gushed over her link.

'We will have to test further, with longer distances, but I am so relieved! I have a lot of ideas I want to test later, but right now Zoe, you have a date with a needle, baby!' James said, his pleasure radiating to his two lovers.

'Yes, yes I do.' Zoe purred.

Stacy's tattoo was easy to cover up with just a t-shirt, but Zoe's tattoo, even with the ink being 'invisible', left a very obvious red welt around her wrist that was oozing blood droplets under the saran wrap cover Angie had put in place.

The three girls were discussing the issue while James argued with Angie about payment. She was refusing, calling it a gift to a friend and a new Dom.

"James, please. I want to do this. It was exciting and fascinating and I so rarely meet people who understand me and understand, or at least as much as we can, Scarlett." She smiled down at her slave, stroking her hair lovingly.

Scarlett had laid her hand on James's knee, as he sat next to Angie and, with a look at her Mistress for permission, stood and hugged him, giving him a kiss on the cheek.

"I adore your Zoe." she whispered, grinning at him.

"If you want to pay me, then come with us next Saturday. There is a little get together, a few others like you and I. It is just a social gathering, dinner and drinks. A chance for the girls to get to know other slaves, to talk to people who really understand. A chance for you and I to meet and talk to others who care for slaves too. I am sure you have questions, we all do. Come with me and we will call it square, okay?" Angie had laid her hand on James's arm, her eyes pleading.

"I would love to." he said, smiling at her. "Zoe will be out of control for hours when I tell her." he grinned ruefully.

"Oh, I am sure you will find some way to curb her zeal." Angie laughed, shaking her head.

The girls had figured out a fix for the tattoo, Scarlett having supplied a bandana that Zoe wrapped around her wrist, thought James thought it gave her a kind of 80's vibe. Her mother loved it, even adding a couple more bandannas to Zoe's new collection, reminiscing about her own youth in the eighties, much to James's delight.

The next week was one of experimentation. They had not yet found a distance limit to the separation permitted by the tattoo, though Stacy could feel the warmth fading as she hit the city limit, about fifteen miles from James. She shared what she felt with rest of the triumvirate, including the fear that gripped her when she realized what was happening.

Zoe, though she was terrified, repeated the test with her mother driving, and was able to make it another ten miles without feeling any difference in the tattoo. It was tricky, since they hadn't told Adeline about the tattoo at all, letting her believe that James had simply learned to refine his control over the link.

Still, Zoe made it twenty-five miles without any ill effects, though she was very relieved when James called the experiment off and she directed her mother to return to the house. The celebration lasted until almost midnight, with Ada and David, James's parents in attendance. It seemed a banner day.

James's best guess, and working hypothesis, was the amount of ink and, therefore, the amount of biological material they had imbued and had been inserted into Zoe's skin, that made the difference.

Stacy was already considering another tattoo so they could test the theory, spending hours with Zoe searching for images on the internet. Zoe was depressed about her inability to get the ones she desired, the collar and manacles that would show the world her status.

Sally had gone home the second day, thanking them all profusely for letting her stay and for taking her into their confidence. She was back on Tuesday morning, spending the day with the three, getting to know them all better. Each day she would come over after school just to spend time and, by the end of the week, her presence was almost as accepted in the household as James's was.

Friday, James surprised Zoe by taking her shopping. Angie had slipped him a piece of paper with an address on it, a store that specialized in what Angie had called 'Our people'. The store, a non-descript shop on the edge of town, was a veritable smorgasbord of bondage gear and sex toys, and the girls had a fantastic time browsing through the merchandise.

James had a special reason for going though, and spent his time talking to the owner and browsing items that the owner brought from the rear of the store in a locked case. He had called on Monday and put in a special order that was ready to be picked up, and the owner made sure to show him other items in the same style. James had a feeling he would be back here, often.

When Saturday rolled around, they were all feeling very upbeat. James had told them that they had been invited to a party, but specifically not told them what kind of party, wanting it to be a real treat for Zoe.

They had not invited Sally, as welcome as she was at other times, with the understanding that this was for family. A they were getting ready to leave, James asked both ladies to come upstairs for a moment, escorting them back into Stacy's room and, when the door was closed, handing each of them a wrapped package all tied up with a blood red bow.

'The party tonight is a special one. A sort of meet and greet with others who are like Angie and Scarlett. She wanted to introduce us to her friends, people who we could be open and talk with. She especially wanted Zoe to be able to spend time with other slaves, people who could answer her questions.'

Stacy raised an eyebrow at that, but she looked pleased. Zoe on the other hand, looked ecstatic, practically bouncing in place, she was so excited.

Both looked very surprised and very pleased by the gift, Stacy diving in and tearing the wrapping off. She opened the small, three by three inch box and pulled out a silver chain with a charm. The charm, a small heart-shaped locket, was laser etched with three interlocking circles, each with an initial inside, one for each of them. Inside the locket were pictures of James and Zoe.

Stacy flung herself at him, wrapping her arms around him and lavished kisses all over his face.

"Oh my god, James! This is perfect, it is so beautiful!" she gushed, showing it to Zoe.

Zoe had been carefully picking apart the seams on her package, trying not to rip the paper, when she saw Stacy's gift. Zoe's gift box was larger and heavier than Stacy's and, with a gleam in her eye, she shredded the paper and pried the box open. Her gasp brought Stacy to a stand-still, a worried look in her eye.

When tears welled up in Zoe's eye, Stacy gave James a look that would have made him nervous if he wasn't positive that she would relent, and Stacy went to hug her sister, looking down at what had made her cry.

Zoe, letting the box fall to the floor, held up what she cradled in her hands for Stacy to see. It was one inch wide, red leather choker, embroidered with silver script that read, 'Without Reservation' and hanging from the front was a tiny silver padlock, inscribed with the same three rings as was on Stacy's locket.

"It is perfect." whispered Zoe, wrapping her arms around James and burying her face in his chest. Over the top of her head, he could see Stacy giving him a thumbs up and a broad smile.

'I hoped you would like it, little one. You know I love you, right?'

'I never doubted it for a second, my Master, my lover. Will you put it on for me?'

Zoe knelt down at James's feet, her knees shoulder width apart and her palms on her thighs. She held her head high tonight, her eyes shining and her neck laid bare.

James bent down and fastened the choker around her neck, locking the tiny padlock and then kissing it before pocketing the keys.

'Without reservations, Master'

The party was being hosted at a private home on the North side of town. It was an affluent area, given to McMansions and the occasional older, opulent homes. They found the address without much trouble and pulled into the large, circular drive where they found a half dozen vehicles already parked.

Stacy had worn her favorite slink black dress, one that hugged her figure and showed off her cleavage, and one that made James want to howl at the moon. Zoe had opted for a bustier that hugged her body and lifted her breasts, putting them on display, topping a mini-skirt that was just barely long enough to not be scandalous, both in black. Her new red leather collar stood out like a beacon next to her pale skin.

James led the two ladies, one on each arm, up the wide steps to the front door and raised his hand to press the bell. Before he made contact, the door opened and a tall, darkly bronze-skinned man, dressed only in a little pouch that held his genitals and a battered metal collar, opened the door with a bow.

He exchanged an amused glance with Stacy, and he could feel Zoe's grip on his arm tighten, as he led them inside. She was trembling, her body tight to his.

'Are you frightened, little one?' he asked, concerned about her state of mind.

'A little.' she admitted. 'Until now, it was you and me and Stacy.' she added, then 'And Sally!' with a silent giggle.

'If it becomes too much, just tell me. I will protect you, no matter what. Just remember that you are mine and I am yours.' he paused for a moment, turning Zoe to face him. 'We never discussed this, but I would never allow you to submit to anyone else. No one here has any authority or power over you. You do not have to listen to anyone. You understand that, right?' he flooded her with his love and a feeling of protective warmth.

'I love you James, and I love my Master.' she sent with a smile, kissing him on the cheek.

The inside of the house was very sumptuously appointed and a half-dozen were standing in the parlor, a few with obvious slaves in attendance. Angie spotted them as they left the entryway and made a beeline for them, a warm smile on her face.

"James! Stacy! I am so glad you could come! I have been telling Amanda about you, but not all about you, don't you worry." she said with a wink. She latched on to Stacy's arm, ignoring Zoe which James, if he was honest, was finding increasingly annoying.

'It's okay, it is all part of the game. Scarlett told me. She said that Angie can't talk to me unless you tell her it is okay. It is rude.' Zoe sent, squeezing his arm.

James just shook his head, realizing once again how ignorant he was about this whole scene, and wondering how many other mistakes he was making. He wasn't cut out to be a Master. Inside, he quailed at the thought that Zoe wasn't getting what she wanted, what she needed from him.

Zoe, their connection closer than ever since the tattoo, leaned her head and let it rest against his shoulder as they walked.

'You give me everything I need, Master.' she said, putting special emphasis on his title. 'You love me and let me explore my fantasies, you treat me with respect and set boundaries that I can follow. All the rest is just a game.'

Angie, chatting with Stacy as the four walked slowly into the parlor, was a bit nonplussed when James came to a halt, released Stacy and turned to Zoe, pulling her into his arms and kissing her. He still wasn't sure he was cut out for this, but he was determined.

'I love you, little one.' he sent.

The others in the parlor and gone silent, looking at the newcomers. Most with curiosity, one with clear disdain. They were a mixture of types and looks. One man was in his seventies, dressed in a very sharp, pin-striped, three piece suit and looking every bit the distinguished statesman. His slave was a curvy brunette who stood by his side, her head down, and with a chain that led from a choker to his left hand, which he used to gesture with as he talked to another guest.

There were two other men, both in their late twenties or early thirties, one had the rough appearance of someone who worked outdoors, his weathered skin a tanned bronze. His slave was a short, thin and very effeminate man who was dressed in a leather outfit and knelt by his side, looking up at him with adoring eyes.

The second man looked like a yuppie, a young urban professional. He seemed to be in a very good mood as he stood chatting, his arms around a pair of slaves dressed in identical white gowns. One was a woman and one a man, both with, or so it appeared, not a single hair on their bodies that James could see.

In addition to Angie and Scarlett, there were three other women. Two of them were somewhere in their thirties, and each of them had a male slave, though he would be hard pressed to tell them apart. They were uniformly handsome, bare-chested and heavily muscled like only a lifetime obsession with weightlifting could create, and both had pierced nipples and chains that ran from them to disappear into their shorts.

The last woman was older, probably in her fifties, and she didn't have a slave in attendance. James wondered if she was the home owner, and, if so, that meant the doorman was her slave.

Angie introduced them first to the older woman, confirming James's guess about both who owned the home and the doorman.

"Amanda, this is James and Stacy. James is the young man I told you about. His little companion..." Angie trailed off.

"Pardon me, I am new to this life. This is Zoe." James said with a mental sigh of relief when Angie winked.

"James is engaged to Stacy who is a college friend of mine, and his Zoe is Stacy's sister. Isn't that fantastic?"

The older woman smiled warmly, giving James and Stacy kisses on the cheek.

"Welcome, both of you. Welcome to my home and to the community! There is actually a rather active scene here in town, but I prefer smaller get-togethers with like-minded people. Angie can explain later." she paused to raise her hand, obviously a signal. When the man they had encountered at the door quickly arrived and stood behind her, she continue. "This is Marcel, the light of my life. Marcel, this is Master James, Mistress Stacy and Zoe."

James nodded at Marcel, as did Stacy, and he had to suppress a grin when Zoe winked instead, smiling warmly at the tall man.

"I won't keep you. Go and mingle, dinner won't be for another half hour." Amanda said, waving towards the other guests.

The next half hour was a strain on James's short term memory as he tried to capture the names of the guests and of their slaves, hoping against hope that Stacy or Zoe would catch any he missed.

One thing became apparent, as they made the rounds. These people all loved the people who were their slaves. There wasn't a single instance of behavior that James had feared finding. No abuse, no masochistic displays beyond what seemed to be invited by the slaves themselves.

The most intriguing of the bunch were the two middle-aged ladies with matching muscle men. Gladys and Alice Everton, sisters, and their slaves who were brothers.

"Sisters? Oh, we are going to be good friends, I can tell!" Alice tittered, her hand slowly stroking the man beside her.

"We grew up as neighbors! We are five years older and we used to baby sit David and Derek. I never imagined, back then, that this sort of relationship even existed, and besides, I was more interested in my sister than in young boys, but we must have made an impression. When my sister and I finished college and our parents were pushing us to find husbands, who should appear but a pair of strapping men we already knew and loved. We have been together for twenty years, the four of us, and I cannot imagine a better life."

When dinner was served, Angie whispered in to James's ear.

"The slaves will eat in the kitchen, Amanda likes to have everyone's attention at the table, better conversation, she claims. The truth is something half and half. She wants the slaves to have a chance to relax and eat dinner as well, to be able to talk to one another and enjoy themselves. If she let them attend the main table, they would be concentrating on being good slaves in public. She plays the part of the Grand Dame, but is a real sweetheart and a softy.

"There is a real duality in this lifestyle. At home, most of us treat our slaves almost as family, but in public, there is an image to maintain. Not just for us, though I won't say I don't enjoy it, but for the slaves. They love to announce their servitude to the world, and to parade themselves with their owners."

"I noticed some of this, that everyone here seems to actually care a lot about the people who are their slaves. I was a bit ... uneasy about tonight. I have read so many contradicting things, so many opinions, all of them claiming that they have the straight scoop on what is right and what is not. So much of what I read was, to me, extreme! To be honest, I was half afraid that I would come in here and find ... I don't know, whips and chains, sex chairs and stuff like that." James admitted.

"There are a lot of opinions out there." she agreed, nodding but scowling. "Some pretend that their kink is the only right way to act, and everyone else is an idiot, but Amanda chose this group carefully. There is not a true sadist in the bunch. The hard core people call us tourists." she rolled her eyes, making her opinion on the matter perfectly clear.

Dinner was excellent and the conversation light. There was a second round of introductions and James was able to learn a lot more about the other people at the table. They ran the gamut from Accountant to Construction foreman, stock broker to retired housewife, but their shared lifestyle brought them into contact and created an amicable bond between them.

Angie, in a transparent bid to educate James and Stacy, turned the conversation to the lifestyle itself, and the others all chipped in as they discussed the various factions among the community. It was a lively talk, opinions varied on almost every facet, but it was very amicable, people agreeing to disagree rather than getting into heated arguments.

James confessed to feeling a bit out of his element, being the youngest by almost a decade and new to the life as well, but he received a lot of assurance, and some tips, from those who had been doing this for decades. By the end of the meal, he felt a lot better about how his relationship with Zoe was progressing, and Stacy was ribbing him about his self-doubt.

Stacy caught James's attention as the conversation swirled on around them. 'I told you, lover. You are good for her. She is happy, really! We talk, my sister-wife and I, and she is absolutely, positively giddy about her relationship with you. Relax, you are doing the right thing.'
Chapter 15 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 14 |   Bottom
Chapter 15
Posted: November 08, 2015 - 02:55:19 pm
Updated: November 09, 2015 - 03:47:03 pm

(Thanks to Gordon for his editing suggestions!)

The ride home after the party was much more relaxed, Zoe chatting happily about how much she enjoyed the whole event. she had them laughing the whole way home, telling them tales of her discussion with the other slaves over dinner.

"It was so nice to be able to walk around in my sexy new collar. I could be me, and with other people! And the other slaves? What a bunch of sweethearts! Did you know that the brothers were both nationally ranked body builders? Now they are lawyers. Lawyers!! Can you imagine their briefs in court?

"Marcel actually admitted to me that he makes messes, forgets to do chores, even speaks out of turn ... on purpose! He says that Amanda has this paddle with holes in it that make his insides turn to jelly. You should have seen him talking about it, those shorts don't hide much!"

All in all, James got home feeling much better about Zoe, about her submission and about his future as her Master. He hadn't realized what a strain it had been until it was gone.

Once they had gotten comfortable, showered and were sitting at the kitchen table and sipping hot cocoa, Zoe scooted her chair as close as possible to Stacy and lay her head on her sister-wife's shoulder. She beamed at James, her arm around Stacy, and just sighed with a smile on her face.

James grinned and, with a feigned look of nonchalance, tested a theory. He had been monitoring the link to the tattoos, off and on over the week, examining the stream that seemed to connect them to him. He had some ideas and this seemed like a harmless experiment.

He felt for the link, wrapped himself around it, and gave it the tiniest boost.

Both girls gasped, their eyes flying wide open. Stacy placed a hand over her heart, over the tattoo on her chest and Zoe grabbed her wrist, stroking the still healing skin.

"What was that?" Stacy gasped, rubbing softly. Her eyes turned towards James and her brow lowered, staring at him suspiciously.

"James? What did you do?"

He cracked up, laughing and grinning.

"I wondered if it would work ... I mean, I thought it would, but I hadn't tried it. I gave the links a little bump. I was half-convinced that it would just make them warmer."

"It pulsed. Like ... like a heartbeat." Stacy said, wonder in her voice. "It was like ... like I could feel your heartbeat when you press your chest to mine, but only in the tattoo. Do it again!"

He pulsed the link again, watching the smiles on their faces.

"Now, no matter where we are, no matter how busy or far apart, I can let you know I am thinking about you."

Stacy turned to look at Zoe, their eyes locked, and James could feel the energy along the link between them. They did that a lot, those private talks, but it never bothered him. He know, somehow, that all he had to do was ask and they would tell him, but he didn't need to know. They were sisters, and sister-wives, and they needed each other as much as he needed them.

The two turned back to James, smiles on their faces, and they stood, again as one.

"We think that you have been exceptionally sweet tonight" Stacy purred.

"And we think you deserve a reward." Zoe continued as the two advanced on James.

'Oh no, Br'er Bear, don't throw me into that briar patch!'

Sunday was as normal a day as the trio had experienced in months. The families got together and planned a picnic at the local park and Zoe invited Sally, who was still dealing with her angry, drunken mother, to join them

They ate fried chicken and potato salad, played games and generally relaxed, the moms trading stories of child rearing and commiserating about kids growing too fast, while the dads exchanged war stories, or college stories anyway.

It turned out that Sunday was a blessing in disguise, a chance to rest and recharge their batteries. That was especially good because Monday was a whole other story.

Sunday evening, they had moved back to James's house, still trading weeks to keep the parents happy, and they had piled into James's bed to sleep.

At nine the following morning, the three of them were eating breakfast when there was a knock at the front door. David was off to work already, and Ada was somewhere at the rear of the house, so Zoe bounced up and volunteered to see who it was.

'James, can you come?' he heard her silent call, and the tension, though slight, in her voice made him hurry.

Standing at the door was a man in a suit, his hands in his pocket. The lower drape of his suit jacket was brushed back and on his belt was the badge of a police officer.

"James Anderson, right? Look, can I talk to you?" he asked, sounding hesitant.

"Is there something wrong, Detective?" James answered, ignoring his question. He sent a probe in, spearing into the center and was reading his surface thoughts as he replied.

"Huh? Oh! No, no, this is not police business. ('Damn, I don't want to freak him out!') I just have a couple of questions, personal questions, that I want to ask. ('This is a stupid thing to do. He's a kid! He would have told everything to the D's on the case. But it's Becky, I have to. He may remember something, or know something. I have to.')

James kept his face calm, not showing the fright that had gripped him at first, nor the compassion that was flowing through him right at that moment. This guy wasn't just a cop, he was the father of the one of girls who had been kidnapped and murdered.

"Come in, please. We were just eating breakfast. Can I get you some coffee? Some toast or something?"

"No, no, thank you. Listen..." he glanced at Zoe, "Is this one of the girls that was with you when you caught that son of a ... um ... the kidnapper? ('I would have broken every god damned bone in his fucking body.') Can I ask you two some questions about that day?"

"Please have a seat." James opened his link wide, feeding everything he was seeing to the girls. "This is Stacy and this is Zoe. We were all there."

The man sat for a moment, his face a mask as he stared at his hands. James could feel the pain radiating from him. (My little girl. These kids caught that fucker though. They did what I couldn't. I couldn't protect her.')

"My name is Donovan Manning, and my daughter was Becky, Rebecca Manning. She is one of Leo Evers's victims. He snatched her three years ago next month, and we never saw her again. My wife ... she took it hard. She started drinking, wrapped her car around a bridge abutment two years later..."

James was forced to back off on his link, the waves of pain and self loathing were making it hard for him to think. This man was tormented, blaming himself for his daughter, for his wife...

"I like to think I am a pretty good cop. I did all the right things, and even some damned wrong things, (flashes of brutal interrogations, of rousting known criminals, of planting evidence on scumbags flashed through his mind )but we never found a trace of her. Then this piece of filth is dragged into the station, spilling his guts. We found her body, what was left of her bones, and I buried her just last week." Tears were running, unheeded down his cheeks.

"I read the reports, cops are cops, even if I am from another city. I saw your name. I had to come, I had to find out. Did he say anything? Did he mention any names? Anything?" His eyes met James's and the naked pain in those eyes made James feel light headed.

"I wish I could give you what you wanted, Mr. Manning. He didn't though, he never mentioned anyone by name."

Manning scrubbed his eyes with the back of his hand and, when his eyes met James's, they were as steady and almost frighteningly intent.

"He's telling stories in jail, you know. About an avenging angel who struck him down, who stripped his mind bare, who crippled him and made him confess. He swears he was struck blind and can't describe the angel though, just a booming, god like voice in his head." Manning was talking, his voice low, but his eyes never left James's face.

"It is probably the ravings of a madman, but if there was some truth to it, if there was someone or something out there that could do these things ... there are a lot of bad people in the world who need to be stopped. ('Now he probably thinks I am a madman too, delirious, driven mad or something. But if there is a chance, a chance that some other father doesn't have to go through this, that some other little girl can grow up... ')

'James?' Stacy's question, the one they were each asking themselves, hung out there in the mental silence.

'Master? Is this what your Grandfather would have done?' Zoe asked quietly, rising to stand behind him with her hands on his shoulders.

'You realize the risk we face, all of us? Even if I could keep you out of it, the tattoos are not the answer, they can't protect you if I am in jail or in some hole in the ground government lab. I want to help, but what right do I have to risk you, you who mean more to me than my own life?'

'James, life is risk. We can help. Think of the girls in that monster's mind. I remember them, I have nightmares about them. You do to, I have seen them.' Stacy's voice was stronger. 'Do we have a choice? I mean, really?'

James opened his link wider, doing his best to block the emotions coming from the tortured man at the table, and sending his probe deep, making connections.

He was a good man who had done terrible things, but for the right reasons. He had been driven past his limit and had stepped over the line in defense of his family. Metaphorically beaten and bloodied, literally tormented, he still hadn't given up.

James let his eyes connect once more with Stacy and with Zoe, then nodded.

"Mr. Manning? Let me tell you a story..."

Hours later, seated in the living room, Ada having joined them and listened silently, they came to a meeting of the minds, if you will. Manning had been skeptical, even as he hoped he was wrong, until James had demonstrated his abilities, then he got excited.

He was a Detective Captain, head of the homicide squad in San Diego and had friends in departments up and down the coast.

"I have stacks of paperwork, files on serial killers, on rapists and kidnappers from all around the country!" he said, a feral smile on his face.

"No."

The comment had been soft, but the tone unmistakable. There was iron in that one word, an absolute certainty that could not be denied.

James had never heard that tone from his mother before.

"He is a boy. Sure, he is growing, and he is smart, he is even strong, but he is not going to be going after killers and rapists. I have stood by and watched him grow stronger, stronger than my grandfather or my brother ever were. But he is not ready for that and I will not let you use him up, get him killed like the government managed to do with my father. I will not allow it." She paused, her eyes boring into the detective's.

"If he could save one little girl like Becky..." the detective pleaded, his hands out towards Ada.

"There are missing children cases, send him those. Let him use the abilities god has granted him to ferret out the truth when you catch someone, but he will not be the one battling them on the streets. I will not have you putting him in danger."

James, Zoe and Stacy watched the battle of wills, none of them at all uncertain that Ada had drawn a line in the sand.

"Consultants..." Manning muttered to himself, his eyes on the floor. "Consultants!" his voice rose, louder and stronger, his mood altering in an instant.

"They can be consultants. Set up a company, get a license, register with the departments. Consultants can't be involved directly in cases, but are called in to review files, to offer professional assistance in data gathering and analysis, hell, we even use psychics if they can prove helpful!" He turned back to Ada, his eyes bright with excitement.

She looked skeptical, but the iron that was stiffening her spine was softening. She looked at James and he knew what she wanted. He opened his link to her.

'Is this what you want, James?'

'How can I say no, Mum? I saw what that man did to those girls, it was in his memories. I can't un-see it. I can't just forget it.'

She was silent, her eyes unfocused as she considered. When she lifted her eyes again, locking with the detective, the iron was back.

"You come to me with a concrete plan. You lay it all out for his father and I, convince us that it can be done with minimal risk to my son." she said, leaving unsaid the result of failure.

"Give me some time, Mrs. Anderson. We need him." his reply was confident.

She simply nodded and Manning knew that this discussion was done.

Late that night, all thoughts of the visit were blown away in a wail of agony.

Sally had stumbled through the front door, just after midnight, and after a flurry of pounding on the door and cries of anguish.

"Sally? What are you doing here? What's wrong?" Ada had answered the door and held the weeping girl in her arms as James, Stacy and Zoe stumbled down the stairs. It was a sign of the distress that everyone was feeling when it seemed to go unnoticed that they were all nude, frantically pulling on robes as they ran into the room.

"She's dead! I heard a crash and I snuck out to see, and she was bleeding, and it was everywhere..." she broke down, unable to continue and clung to Ada.

Stacy and Zoe wrapped their arms around the girl, holding her and trying to calm her.

"James, bring her into the living room. Stacy, tea. Zoe, a blanket." Ada ordered, taking charge.

James crouched down and gathered the weeping girl into his arms, carrying her into the living room and then sitting, still holding her, and cradled her in his lap.

Zoe ran in with a blanket, spreading it around Sally and James, then sat down beside him and stroked her hair, whispering in her ear.

Stacy returned a moment later, nodding at Ada to tell her that water was on for tea. Ada, meanwhile, was on the phone, calling the emergency operator.

"Yes, she arrived in hysterics, saying that her mother was dead. Here is the address and here is my address."

James just rocked the girl, slowly insinuating his probe into her mind, blanketing her in a bubble of calm, of assurance and love. Inside her head, her mind was in turmoil, the memory of what she had seen flowing in a circle, flashing through her mind in a continuous loop.

She had been sleeping, had stayed in her room all night, avoiding her mother who had been on a drunken rampage. She had heard a crash, the sound of breaking glass and had gone to investigate.

In the living room, they had a large curio cabinet, the kind with big glass panes that protected the contents. It looked as though her mother had stumbled, or tripped and fallen, crashing into the cabinet. A shard of glass as long as James's hand had pierced her throat, and blood had sprayed out like a fountain, splattering the wall and the couch as she slumped to the floor.

He could see the growing puddle of blood, almost black in the dim light, and the vision went gray, starting over again.

Stacy and Zoe joined him, pushing calm and acceptance and love and warmth, finally getting her to drop off into an exhausted sleep in James's arms.

James's father David was awake and dressed, sitting on the arm of his wife's chair with his arm around Ada, silently keeping watch on all of the kids.

The police department arrived two hours later. James, knowing they were coming, had sent his mind winging through the neighborhood like he used to do, and saw when the patrol car turned onto their street.

"Mum, they are almost here." he whispered, and Ada nodded.

She met them at the front door before they could knock and, holding her finger before her lips, told them that the girl had been hysterical and had finally collapsed.

She allowed them to come in and verify that she was okay, and then led them back outside onto the porch, joined by Stacy.

"Here is what she told us." Stacy told the officers what they had seen in Stacy's memories, though she described it as a discussion. The officers took notes, and said that a Detective was on the way, and that Social Services had been called. They also asked if Ada thought an ambulance was needed for the girl, but she assured them that Sally was a family friend, was uninjured physically, and that they would bring her to the station, or wherever she needed to go.

When the detectives arrived, they were met on the steps as well, and demanded to see the girl until David stepped out, identified himself as her attorney and refused them access until she saw a doctor. He promised to make the girl available the next day, after a visit to a physician, and then turned to lady from Social Services, fire in his eyes.

She just smiled and held up both hands.

"Mr. Anderson, we are here to protect the child. In so many cases, there is no one they can turn to, no one to look out for them, but that is obviously not the case here. I have latitude in these cases, though we rarely use it, and if you are willing to fill out some paperwork, I am sure that she will be happier with you until things settle down."

David took a step back, surprise on his face, and grinned. "I hope you don't take this the wrong way, you are a lovely person, but are you sure you work for the government?"

"We aren't all like they show on television, Mr. Anderson. There are a lot of caring, dedicated people in my department, but I do understand your surprise."

After the social worker left, David and Ada at the kitchen table, having an intense, though whispered, conversation over the paperwork the lady had left.

Stacy watched from the living room, feeding the image to James. He knew they were discussing Sally's future, but the answer was never in doubt. Ada would never turn her back on a child in need. His father was just as kind hearted, but more pragmatic. He didn't stand a chance.

The rest of the week was a whirlwind of visits to the doctor, the police station and to a woman who specialized in trauma patients who were young. The police only took two days to rule it an accidental death, or death by misfortune since she was blind drunk, and David took time off to arrange for the funeral home to claim the body, for the ceremony and to search the home for important papers.

Sally came back from her visit with the psychologist to find her own clothes, her own bedding and possessions, all installed into the guest bedroom on the first floor of James's house. She didn't seem to notice.

Sally was practically catatonic, barely responding to her own name, eating when forced, bathing only if helped.

'You have to help her!' Zoe insisted for the hundredth time, pleading with James.

'How, baby girl? How can I help her? You tell me what to do and I will do it.' James asked, frustrated.

'Take her. Make the link, bring her into our family!'

'Absolutely not. Look, it is not that I don't care, but what if that doesn't work? What if she goes deeper into herself? It would destroy all of us.'

Zoe ran crying from the room, cutting her link to James as completely as she could. He could still feel her, could easily force his way into her mind, the link could not truly be cut that way, but he gave her the space she needed, though it pained him.

Stacy wrapped her arms around him, kissing him on the cheek and laying her head on his shoulder.

'Sally is her friend and she is hurting for her. She doesn't really blame you, she just feels helpless and you are her Master, you should be able to do anything.'

'I know, but it still tears at me. I wish I could do something, anything. That look in Zoe's eyes is like a dagger in my chest.'

'Can you reach her? Sally, I mean. Can you talk to her? I tried.' Stacy admitted, shrugging. 'I am not strong enough to get through. But you are stronger, and the three of us together?'

'I can try... ' he sent, his fear of losing Zoe greater than his fear of the maelstrom in Sally's head.

James laid back and closed his eyes, trying to empty his mind and concentrate. He reached for Stacy and felt her love and her acceptance and she flowed into the link. Together, they reached for Zoe and folded her into the link, her surprise turning to loving acceptance when she saw what they were going to do.

He rested a moment, reveling in the mental embrace of his lovers, a touch so intimate that it defied description. Then he reached.

Sally was sitting on her bed, not moving, her eyes only blinking every minute or so and her breath shallow. Her mind was a tornado, a hurricane of emotion, battering them before they even began to penetrate.

James envisioned a wall, an impenetrable shield that would protect them, then set up Stacy and Zoe to mind it, feed it, keep them safe. He launched his probe, driving through the storm of emotion, winnowing in through the writhing threads of her pain and anguish, seeking her bright core, her sense of self.

At first he thought he had missed, that he had gotten turned around in spite of the shield. Then he realized what was happening. Sally was shrinking in on herself, compacting to her very core and hiding from the storm.

He knew now, so finding her was easier. Her bright core was a tiny, dense mass but it was no match for the power of his probe. He slid in pouring himself through the probe and into her mind.

Even as dire as this was, he took a moment to look around in wonder. This compaction, this primal need to protect herself, had discarded everything not absolutely needed to survive. He was seeing Sally at her most basic, her soul.

'Sally, come back to us. We need you still, Zoe needs you.' he sent, repeating the message over and over, looking for a response, a reaction.

When it came, it was so small, so slight that he almost missed it. He reached out and surrounded that spark, nurtured it.

'Sally, you have to fight this. You are stronger than you know. Fight it, Sally, come back to us, let us love you, let us help you.'

'Go away.'

It was a whisper in the darkness and James smiled.

'Nope. Not going to happen. Can I tell you a story? Sing you a song? Recite a dirty limerick?'

'No, go away!'

'There once was a man from Glass, whose balls were made out of brass... '

'Go away!' it was stronger now.

'When they clanged together, they played Stormy Weather, and lightning shot out of his ass.'

There was silence for a long moment, then a sigh.

'Really? That is the best you could do?' the voice sounded petulant, annoyed.

James just laughed, a loud, raucous belly laugh that echoed in the silence of Sally's mind.

'Helen Keller's pussy was tight, as she rubbed her clit each night.'

'What?' Sally sounded outraged.

'She tickled that gland with just her left hand, and silently moaned with the right.'

'Oh my god, that is so wrong!' Sally tried to sound aggrieved, but the giggle that followed was music to his ears.

'Sally, please come back. You can't leave like this. You are hurting, but people care for you and want to help. We care.'

'I have nobody left, I am all alone.' she sobbed, a lonely, heart rending sound.

'You have us. Zoe loves you. We are your friends. My parents took you in. How can you say you have nobody?'

'I want it.' she said, her voice full of longing. 'I want what Zoe showed me, I want that love and closeness.'

'Come out. Come and talk to us. I can't decide this now, not in here, not like this. You are killing yourself, and you would take us with you. Come back to us.

'Promise me! I need ... I need to not be alone. Please?'

'Come out, Sally. Zoe is waiting for you, weeping for you. We can't help you if you hide from us. We will be here for you, you have my word on that.'

'No. Promise me!' she sounded desperate, afraid.

'Sally, would you kill Stacy to get what you want? Me? Zoe? You are killing yourself and you would take us with you. You have to come out. You have to face this, deal with it, heal. Then I promise to talk with you. We can decide together, all of us. You, me, Stacy and Zoe. But you have to come out with me now, before it is too late.'

'I don't know how... '

'Let me guide you. I can show you the way, but you have to want it. Do you, Sally? Will you risk living, even with the pain, for a chance?'

'Yes.'

'Then take my hand, Sally.' James envisioned a hand, his hand, reaching into the center of her brightness.

He could feel her! She was wrapping herself around him, clinging to him. Slowly, cradling her as if she were in his lap again, he withdrew. The storm was lighter now, the howling emotions, while still bitterly strong, were flowing around him instead of battering him.

He kept a tight grip on her, pulling, guiding...

In her room, Sally collapsed, sliding off the bed onto the floor, a soft wail issuing from her lips as she began to weep again.

Zoe was off like a shot, down the stairs and slamming through the doorway into Sally's room, she threw herself onto the floor, gathering her friend into her arms.

"I'm here, Sally. Don't leave again, okay?" she whispered, her own tears mingling with those of the weeping Sally.
Chapter 16 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 15 |   Bottom
Chapter 16
Posted: November 09, 2015 - 02:53:21 pm

Zoe was convinced that the crisis had been adverted and that Sally was going to be fine now, but James wasn't as sure. Together, the trio had managed to pull Sally out of the downward spiral, but there was still a maelstrom brewing in her head.

He had the feeling that there was a lot more going on in her mind than her father abandoning her and her mother's drunken, but still tragic, death. She was going to need professional help, not just the loving support of her friends, though she would have the latter without asking.

James pulled his mother aside to talk, sitting with her at the kitchen table while Stacy and Zoe got Sally to shower and take a nap.

"Mum, we were able to get Sally to, well, wake up and at least grieve, but she needs more help than we can give. Is that doctor, the therapist that she talked to, is she any good? Can she help?"

"She seemed very bright, and very concerned. She wanted us to have her committed, for a seventy-two hour hold, but we just couldn't, not without giving her a chance to work through this a bit. You saw how that turned out. You should not have had to do what you did and I can't help but think that it must have been very difficult for you." Ada reached across and held her son's hand, beaming at him.

"Zoe was distraught, Mum. I had to try. I am glad I did though, she was actually trying to kill herself, to just withdraw from the world! I ... I was as scared as I have ever been, but it was the most exhilarating thing I have ever accomplished. I learned so much. Is it weird, that I was scared and excited at the same time?"

"No, not at all. I felt that way the first time your father and I made love." Ada deadpanned, then broke into giggles at the shock on James's face.

James just shook his head, grinning at his mother. He knew his parents had sex, but the thought of them doing some of the things that he and his girls did? It was an image he would rather not have in his mind, thank you very much.

Ada patted his hand, then her face got serious.

"I have already called the doctor, and we have an appointment with her this afternoon. Your father and I will talk with her about what Sally needs, and Sally will have her first real session too."

"Now, changing the topic, we have finally quit arguing with the school, the school board, and each other, and have gotten all the information we need to start getting serious on your home schooling. So, 'official', regimented classes start next Monday instead of just making you read chapters in your texts." she said, changing the subject.

James just groaned. He knew it had been coming, but with everything that had been happening over the last month, he had shuffled that concern to the side. Now they had Sally to worry about, and that Detective from San Diego and his scheme, plus Stacy wanted to look for work, now that she was not going back to college for a while.

"I know things have been, well, exciting, for a while, but you need to finish your education and you are going to college, so don't even think for a moment that you won't." his mother continued.

"On the plus side, Zoe will be right by your side, and your studies will be targeted, focused. According to the guidelines and the syllabus that the Home Learning organization sent us, your school time should only be about four hours a day. You could look into a part time job like you wanted."

James's expression brightened at the carrot his mother was dangling. He had wanted to work, to earn some money. Now that they had some slack on the link front, they could all work if they wanted, start saving money so they could get their own place next year.

"So who is going to be teaching us, you? Mrs. Darcy?"

"No, actually. There is a fair sized group of parents who are home-schooling here in Santa Barbara, this is California after all. They have worked out a very neat system of exchanges. Teaching the younger ones is relatively easy, comparatively. Teaching high school students, especially when it comes to the more advanced subjects, is more difficult. The person teaching really should know the topic, yes? So, Monday through Friday, I will be teaching a small group of four children aged seven to ten, and a Mrs. Albright, who is a retired teacher, will be teaching you, Zoe and two students from other families."

"If she is retired, I doubt she has school aged children of her own, so why is she taking part?"

"No, but she has grand children, and a dislike of the way education is going these days. The other two students, both girls, by the way, are Mrs. Albright's granddaughters so you had better behave." she said with a smirk.

"So, You won't be quite as isolated as I had feared. You and Zoe will ride with me when I go to meet my new students on Monday, and I will drop you off with Mrs. Albright."

Zoe would be pleased, or at least he hoped she would. James knew that she still missed her other friends, though he was not convinced that they were very good friends to begin with. To abandon Zoe just because of who her boyfriend was, to do it without even a call or a note? Not what he called friends at all. Maybe this would help fill that gap for her.

That evening after dinner, while his mother was cleaning up, James pulled her aside again, asking about the appointment.

"So? Will the doctor be able to help her? Have you and dad decided if she is going to stay here or are you going to try and find her father?"

"She is a traumatized girl, James. She is going to require a lot of help. I am not convinced that we are the right ones to help her, but I am not going to abandon that girl to the state system. Thankfully, your father making himself her attorney will hold them off while we decide. As for her father, no one seems to know what happened to him, it is like he just disappeared." Ada shook her head, a worried expression on her face as she absent-mindedly patted her son on the shoulder.

"You just be a friend, okay? Let her talk if she needs to, but give her the space to decide for herself." she finished, giving him a wan smile before turning back to her chore.

That night in bed, Stacy, James and Zoe held a silent conference.

'Master, she is hurting, and she is hiding something, I just know it.' Zoe said, curling her body up next to James, her head on his shoulder.

'I think so too, Zoe, but we can't push her. She's very fragile right now. All we can do is support her, let her know that we are here if she wants to talk. Heck, let her know we are here if she doesn't want to talk. Hugs available twenty-four, seven.'

'I told your mom that I would stick around, keep her company when you two start classes next week. She is hoping Sally will go back to school soon too, but, you know, to the high school' Stacy added. She was on the opposite side of James, her head on his other shoulder and one arm across his chest while her leg was draped over both of his.

'Do you think that I pushed her too hard the other night? Pulling her into our playtime? Maybe she wasn't ready. Maybe it brought up some feelings she was ready to handle.' James worried, not wanting to be part of the problem, but trying to be honest and admit that it was possible.

'I don't think so. I always thought she was, well, more experienced than the rest of us girls. She was always so flirty, so willing. I mean, she was standing outside the door, rubbing herself while she watched.' Zoe said, nuzzling James's neck.

'On that topic, I shouldn't have brought her into it, shouldn't have ordered you to eat her, without talking it over with you first.' James said, kissing her on the forehead.

'I didn't mind that at all!' Zoe piped up, sending both of her lovers a vivid memory of the thrill she felt while her tongue was buried in Sally's wet pussy.

Stacy just laughed, reaching across and tweaking Zoe's nipple. 'She loved it, I could tell at the time. That you ordered her to do it, and made her masturbate but forbid her to come? That alone almost made her pop off.' The love and passion in Stacy's voice was overlaid with a wicked sense of humor.

James just sighed and pulled both of them closer.

'That does remind me. Since the party, I have been thinking a lot about boundaries. We haven't discussed what you are willing to do and what you aren't willing to do. I know you said it was without reservations, but I took that as meaning without having any reservations about loving me, about being my personal slave. What would I have done if the others at that party had not been nice and respectful? We need clear guidelines.' he insisted, his mental tone brooking no dissention.

'When I said without reservations, I meant it. In every sense of the phrase. I trust you to choose for me. I don't want to be with another man, but if you ordered me to, I guess I would have to.' Her tone was resolute, but he could sense some uneasiness, maybe even a touch of fear.

'That is what I am talking about. That is a line we won't cross. I bent that line the other night, and I am sorry that I did. I will never do that again without talking to you first. As for ordering you to be with another man, I don't think I could do that.' he admitted. 'I know it is probably hypocritical, but I don't think I could deal with you being with another man, another lover.' he said, then turned to Stacy. 'You either, if I am being honest.' He felt uncomfortable admitting that, but he was trying to be honest with them.

Stacy looked surprised, then nodded her head. 'I never considered it, but it makes sense. You are an alpha type. Doesn't matter anyway, I don't want anyone else. I know I don't say it often, but you really understand how I feel, you can sense how I feel. I love you, James.'

'If it happens, if you meet someone that you want to make love with, talk to me about it first?' he asked softly, not meeting her eyes.

Stacy reached over and grabbed his chin, forcing his head up.

'James, you idiot. What man could make me feel the way you do? What man can understand me the way that you do. What man could open himself up and let me feel what he feels, let me see what he thinks? No one in the world but you, you idiot.' She laid a kiss on him that curled his toes, showing him beyond a shadow of a doubt that she meant every word.

'Now, we were talking about Zoe?' she prompted, a satisfied grin on her face.

'Kind of on that topic, Zoe you were upset earlier, I know that, but you asked me to link with Sally, make her part of the family. You know that if I had done that, she would be our lover, all of us. I don't think we could have a link like this, a link so intimate, and then refuse her. I just want you to understand that, both of you, actually. If I were to link with someone else like I am with you two, it would be bringing another person into our lives as well as our bed. Since I am unrepentantly hetero, and an admitted hypocrite, any new person would end up having to be a woman.'

'I know it isn't right for Sally, I was grasping at straws because I was frantic, but I think it might be some day. Anyway, you are my Master, you can have an entire harem.' Zoe said contentedly, then paused, looking up at him with a haunted look. 'You would still love me and take care of me, even if you had other slaves, right?'

'Zoe, my precious baby, if, in some bizarre future I agreed to more slaves, you would be their mistress. They would be your slaves and Stacy's slaves as much as mine. No one, ever, would supplant or replace you.'

Zoe wiggled happily, placing a line of kisses along his jaw and down his neck.

'Well, I would at least like a say in the matter. I love you with all my heart and soul, but I am not a slave. I don't have any objections, philosophically, to expanding our family. I have seen how much love you have to give, how sharing you with my sister hasn't diminished your love for me in the slightest, so I think it would work with the right person. But I think she would have to be compatible, would have to fit in.' Stacy said seriously. 'That 'our' slaves thing has real possibilities though!' she said with a grin, wagging her eyebrows.

He smiled and nodded, turning back to Zoe again. 'Are there other things that make you uncomfortable? What about when I made Sally spank you? Public displays of affection? Public sex? Issues with how you dress, or how I might want you to dress? Anything?'

'I don't really like the pain stuff I read on the web, and definitely not the harder stuff like Marcel described at the party, but I get all hot and bothered by the thought of being spanked. As for the public thing? Like bending me over a table at the food court and fucking me in the ass?' Zoe asked, reaching down and fondling him. 'I think I might actually like the thought of that!' she admitted with a sultry grin.

Zoe had quickly gotten a rise out of him, and she was sliding her groin along his leg, leaving a trail of dampness, masturbating herself on his thigh. She lowered her head and nipped at his nipple, her eyes meeting Stacy's.

'Well... ' he admitted, blushing a bit, 'At the party, I saw Scarlett with her head under Angie's dress, and Angie was loving it. They were back in a corner when I was talking to the Evertons. I got hard as steel thinking about you, having you right there on your knees, my cock in your mouth.' James said, his left hand stroking her breast, teasing her nipple. His right hand had dropped down and was cupping Stacy's ass, pulling her tight against him.

Zoe gave a little growl, and started kissing her way down his chest and stomach. 'I would have loved it. I would have dropped to my knees and blown you in front of the whole party if I had known, and it would have made me so excited that I would have ruined her pretty carpet.' she said, slipping the head of his cock in her mouth.

"Jesus, James, that would have been so fucking hot! I am not one for sex in public, but the thought of watching that, with the party going on, is making me drip!' Stacy slid one hand down between her own legs to gather some of the dew and showed her coated fingers to him, then rubbed her fingers on his lips.

James opened his mouth and sucked on her fingers, licking off every last drop before pulling on her ass, urging her to move up. Stacy climbed over him, straddling his head, facing his feet so she could watch Zoe, and lowering her pussy to his waiting mouth.

Zoe, after making sure that he was hard and ready, climbed up and mounted him, slotting his cock into her pussy and dropping down until their hips met, groaning as he bottomed out inside of her.

Zoe began to grind her hips, moving them in small circles so her clit was being savaged against his pubic bone. She leaned forward and took one of Stacy's nipples into her mouth. Sucking and nibbling, she began to ride him, raising up and slamming back down on his cock, her movements growing frantic as she tried to fit as much of Stacy's tit into her mouth as she could.

When James latched his lips onto Stacy's clit and began lashing it with his tongue, Stacy came, throwing back her head and howling. It seemed to trigger Zoe who joined her, Zoe's pussy clamped down on James's cock and sending him over the edge as well. Their talk had gotten them all primed and ready!

Much to James's surprise, he got a phone call the next morning from Captain Manning, the homicide detective he had confided in.

"James, is your mother there, available I mean? I would really like to talk to both of you at once."

"Hold just a second, Captain, let me get her."

With Ada on the kitchen extension and James on the phone in his bedroom, the Captain continued.

"Mrs. Anderson, there is no way to set up James as a consultant. In talking to him, I guess I got excited because it slipped my mind that he was only sixteen. Eighteen is the minimum for clerical jobs, and twenty-one is the minimum age for everything else, and that applies to contractors as well as department employees. It is a state law, not a municipal one. I guess I let my enthusiasm get the best of me." He sounded really disappointed.

"I see." Ada said quietly, but James knew she was relieved.

"Captain, Stacy is of age. Could Zoe and I work behind the scenes, with Stacy being the official consultant?" he asked, trying to come up with some way to do this.

"It is possible, but let me be frank with you. Stacy is not going to get hired by herself. As much as we pretend otherwise, this is still a man's club in the upper echelons of the department. The official spokesmen of the consulting firms I have checked on are all men for a reason."

"What about working off the books? Surely we could act as concerned citizens, giving whatever information we find to the authorities?"

"I don't know, James. It would take a group, hell, a network of people, one or two in each department that would have to know the truth. Despite the tip lines we set up, we rarely get outside help and when we do, it is a disgruntled lover, a burned business partner and so on. If a slew of supposedly anonymous tips started coming in, all of them real and actionable, you can bet that the brass would be all over it in a heartbeat."

"There has to be some way." James, now that he had made his mind up to do this, was determined to not let anything stand in his way.

"Let me think on it some more. I have a couple of people I want to talk to. I will be careful and I won't betray you, but there are others I can ask questions of who I trust to keep things quiet without getting into the details about why I want to know. I will call you if I have any ideas, but James ... thanks."

Ada came upstairs to James's room and sat down next to him on the futon. Stacy and Zoe were perched on the bed, listening quietly.

"You know I am not happy about this, but I do understand why you want to help. If there is something I can do, without undermining my stance on your safety, mind you, I will help." she said, laying her hand on his arm.

"I know, Mum, and I appreciate it. Captain Manning wants this as much, or even more, than I do, and I have faith he will find a way for it to work.

By the weekend, after having spent several sessions with the psychologist, Sally was not back to normal, exactly, but at least talking and interacting with them. She was still prone to bursting into tears at the drop of a hat, and even the rare angry outburst, but she was trying. She spent almost every waking minute with one or all three of the triumvirate.

She seemed contented to be cuddled up with Stacy, even happier when cuddled with Zoe, but cuddling with James seemed to have its own special magic for her, especially when she was in tears. Just climbing into his lap seemed to steady her, to help her calm down.

He would talk to her, or at her really, just chatting and reassuring her. He even told her stories, or would read aloud to her as they sat on the couch or on his futon. She would curl up in his lap, her head on his shoulder and her eyes closed while he stroked her hair or her back. It was, or so James imagined, what it would be like to have a small child.

At night, no matter how much she protested that she was fine to sleep in her room downstairs, the trio invariable found her in their bed in the morning, usually between Zoe and James.

At first, James was uncomfortable with this, but after the third morning, he was resigned to it, not willing to force the issue. It was never sexual, more of a comfort issue, and she was perfectly happy to strip off her clothes and snuggle in to their pile, clinging to James as he slept.

Zoe seemed to think it was perfectly normal, and she would wrap her arms around Sally with a smile, spooning behind her as Sally had done with James. She even continued with her favorite method of waking James, simply crawling over Sally, licking and sucking on his morning erection until he woke, a smile on his face. That Sally would silently watch, not moving or attempting to participate, was something that Zoe just shrugged off.

'She needs to see people acting normally around her, not treating her like an invalid. Besides, I loved waking you up that way.' she told him, grinning unrepentantly.

Monday morning, the house was chaos. Zoe and James were getting ready to ride with Ada to their new classes, and Stacy was lounging around in a nightshirt, grinning every time they grumbled. Sally was in a mood, upset because Zoe and James were going to be gone, and clinging to Stacy as if she were her lifeline.

"Mommy Zoe and Daddy will be home after lunch, okay?" Zoe told Sally with a grin, kissing her on the forehead. "Mommy Stacy will take care of you until then."

Ada looked torn between exasperation and amusement, but kept quiet, content with rolling her eyes. Stacy, on the other hand, was sniggering and playing along.

"Sally, you and Mommy Stacy will have a lot of fun while they are at school."

"Okay, okay, I get it." Sally pouted. "I am acting like a baby, but..." she paused, her eyes filling up. "I don't like it." she concluded, hiding her face in Stacy's nightshirt. She seemed unable to filter her emotions, to tamp them down. It was like that wall we all build between our emotion and the world, that blanket that softens blows and allows us to protect ourselves, was missing in Sally.

And the worst part was that she knew it, was embarrassed by her reactions, but that just made everything worse since she couldn't control that either. She was not mentally impaired by her breakdown, but emotionally, she was one large, open wound.

Mrs. Albright, despite James's mental picture of her being an aged, wrinkled and acerbic harridan like his old history teacher, turned out to be a quite attractive, still shapely and very upbeat woman in her fifties. Though her hair was streaked with gray, she seemed to be full of energy and welcomed James and Zoe with a big smile, showing them the large room in her home that she had converted for use as a classroom.

"Welcome! I don't mind saying that I am excited about this! Frankly, retirement wasn't the joyful time of relaxation that I had imagined. I missed my students." she ushered them into the classroom and told them to choose a seat.

The room had probably been a formal dining room, James could see a cover plate on a receptacle in the ceiling, but now looked more like something you would see in a movie about the old west. There were four antique student desks, a rolling chalk board, multiple bookcases filled with texts and a round table with a half dozen wooden chairs. In the corner, there was a pile of bean bag chairs on a circular area rug, evoking memories of a preschool play area more than anything else.

"The other two students should be here any minute and I will give you the grand tour." Mrs. Albright told them as they picked their spots. True to her prediction, there was a knock at the door and she headed back the way they had come.

Moments later she returned, two teen-aged girls in tow and James was immediately fascinated. The two girls were, if he had to guess, about fifteen, were tall and model thin at about five foot, ten inches and maybe one hundred and twenty pounds. Both were redheads with very fair skin, leavened by a sprinkling of freckles over bright green eyes. They were identical twins!

Zoe, with a smirk, elbowed him in the side when she saw his open-mouthed fascination. 'Twins, James? Really? I thought that was like a joke, that all guys are gaga over twins.' she teased.

James blushed, and turned to wink at her. 'Most stereotypes have at least some basis in reality, baby girl.' he said with a grin.

"James, Zoe, this is Theresa and Tabitha Collins. Girls, this is James Anderson and Zoe Stanton." Mrs. Albright introduced the four and asked them all to take a seat.

The four desks were set up at one end of the room, in a half circle facing the rolling chalkboard. Zoe snagged the one closest to the door, pointing to the next desk for James. The twins took the remaining desks and they all looked expectantly at their new teacher as she stood, beaming at her class.

"This probably wasn't what you thought when your parents decided to home school you. I am sure you imagined reading in your living rooms or some such, but I am convinced that this will be more effective in the long run. A little structure promotes learning, in my experience, but I am also a believer in self discipline, so you will have find the drive to do a lot of your work on your own.

"Now, I think we will spend today getting to know each other, learning what expectations we, your parents and I, expect of you, and what you want from us. I'll start the ball rolling by telling you a bit about myself.

"I am Abigail Albright, my parents had a thing for alliteration, naming my siblings Allen, Arnold and Alice. I am fifty three, a widow and have four children of my own, as well as three grand children. I taught high school for twenty-three years before I retired but, frankly, found retirement boring. I enjoyed being a teacher, but hated the politics of education. My hobbies are painting, dancing and travelling." She smiled and looked at her student expectantly. "Who wants to go first?"

The twins, who preferred Terri and Tabby over their given names, revealed that looks aside, they were definitely two distinct individuals. Terri liked sports, having played volleyball and basketball on the school teams, while Tabby was the more cerebral of the two, preferring the Chess club and Debate club over sports. Their parents had chosen to home school them after their recent move to the area, and having argued with the school's policy of separating siblings, something the twins adamantly refused to do.

They were a quiet pair, obviously very close and, while friendly enough to James and Zoe, didn't appear to care one way or the other if they all became friends. They seemed to have that twin telepathy as well, exchanging comments with a wordless glance, finishing each other's sentences and the like. James even peeped to see if there was real communication there, but finding that they were just so close that they knew they others thoughts through experience, rather than the way the trio operated.

All in all, the first day was interesting and James thought that this was not going to be as awkward as he had feared, and definitely better than in the regular high school.
Chapter 17 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 16 |   Bottom
Chapter 17
Posted: November 09, 2015 - 02:53:21 pm
Updated: November 09, 2015 - 08:54:36 pm

'Master... '

'Baby girl?'

'I did a bad thing.' Zoe's tone was more playful that remorseful though, so James had to wonder what she was up to.

'Oh? something that might rate, oh, I don't know ... a spanking?' he sent, playing along but curious to see where this would go. He had a moment confusion though, wondering when he had stopped just looking into her mind whenever he wanted, instead waiting to let her share what she needed to share. It had been a subtle change, but not one of disinterest. In fact, he thought it was a good sign, that they had moved beyond the infatuation of new love and had developed a truly equal trust in each other. Or at least, he hoped that was the case.

'Oh! Um ... maybe?' her mental tone was colored with a rush of lust, but she reigned it in long enough to send, 'In class, instead of paying attention to Mrs. Albright, I was snooping.'

'Let me guess, Terri and Tabby?' his tone was one of mock resignation.

'Yes, Master. Do you want to know what I found?'

'No, not really.' he sent, hiding a grin. He knew that would get to her, she was dying to tell him something. They couldn't play these games if they were constantly in each other's head.

Zoe slipped down in the seat a bit, her lower lip extended in a very fetching pout. Zoe was sitting in the front seat, next to Ada and James had taken the back seat.

The silence lasted for almost a minute.

'They are lovers.' she sent sulkily, not turning to look at him.

James had a sudden mental picture of the two of them, naked as the day they were born, in a sixty-nine position, their tongues buried in each other's snatches. It was ... alluring.

'And you know this how, little one?' he sent, asking in spite of his pretend disinterest.

That was all it took, Zoe had dropped the pout and her mental tone was one of glee, mixed with a whole lot of lust. 'It was near the end of class, and Terri was feeling horny. She leaned over and whispered into Tabby's ear, saying that Terri owed her one, and she was going ride Terry's face for at least an hour as soon as they got home!'

'Owed her one?'

'I haven't worked it out, exactly, but they have this game they play all the time and they keep score. The score gets paid off in orgasms. But it is weird because Tabby likes boys more and Terri just likes Tabby.' Zoe's tone had turned thoughtful at the end, obviously mulling over the situation and trying to make sense of it all.

'OH MY GOD!' Zoe sent, the volume of her mental voice loud enough to make James wince. "Damn!" he thought, damping down on her link a bit, "She is getting much stronger!"

'Terri asked me about us. About you and me. Well, not in so many words, but she caught my eye and made this kind of head bob thing, but towards you, you know what I mean? She was clearly indicating you, then she looked back and me and raised her eyebrows. Totally nonverbal, but she was asking if you and I were a couple.'

'And you did what?' James was curious now.

Zoe was silent for a moment and James could see her twisting in her seat, clearly uncomfortable.

'Zoe?' he sent, his tone stern.

'I cheated.' she sent, then gave a big sigh. 'I grinned at her and crossed my wrists where she could see, then I sent her an image of me kneeling at your feet with my choker on.' Zoe's tone was very quiet. James peeked, feeling strangely guilty, and saw that Zoe was concerned that this, not the snooping she admitted to earlier, was something that actually could get her in trouble. He also saw that she was very turned on, reliving that image and the non-verbal cues she had sent to Terri, that exposure making her horny, her pussy hot and wet.

James sighed and shook his head.

'Zoe, you could have stood up in class and announced to the whole group, Mrs. Albright included, that you were my slave. You could have stood on the desk and told them you were my fuck toy, and I still would not have been angry about it. I might have spanked you for disrupting class, but not about telling people. That information is yours to give or withhold as you please.'

James could feel a wave of relief flowing from the chastened girl in the front seat, but he was not done yet.

'I am more concerned with the image you sent. Not the content, that is a favorite mental image of mine too, but that you sent it at all. What if she had realized, or even now, when she has time to think about it, figures out that the image you sent was too specific, too realistic to be her own imagination? What if that kind of thing has never crossed her mind before and realizes that the image you sent had to come from somewhere else?'

James paused for a second, giving a mental sigh.

'The chances of her figuring it all out from that are slim, but we have to be careful, baby girl.'

Zoe twisted in her seat, looking back over her shoulder at James, tears in her eyes and her bottom lip poking out for real this time. He could feel her remorse.

'Master, I am so sorry. I felt so naughty and excited, I just didn't think.'

'We can discuss this more when we are home. And your punishment as well.' James sent back, along with a mental hug and a faint, teasing image of him tying her to the bed.

Zoe's pout turned into a wan smile, recognizing the olive branch, knowing that James was not really all that upset.

Their arrival at home was a noisy one. Sally, as soon as she saw James walk through the door, launched herself from the couch and into his arms like a runaway freight train, nearly knocking him from his feet.

"Hi Daddy James." she giggled. It took James aback for a moment, before he remembered the girls teasing her this morning.

'Hi, Sally, did you miss me?' he sent, a wry tone to his message.

Sally pulled away long enough to stare deep into his eyes. She seemed to be searching for something and, whatever it was she saw, obviously reassured her. She nodded one, emphatically, and laid her head on his chest again.

'Let me sit down, Sally, and you can sit in my lap, okay?' he sent softly, his hand reaching up to stroke her hair.

Sally stepped back, but grabbed his hand and led him to and arm chair, pushing him back until his knees hit the cushion and he sat backwards. Once he was down, she crawled into his lap with a sigh and closed her eyes.

James looked up and saw Ada, Zoe and Stacy all watching with interest, then shrugged to indicate he didn't have an answer to the questions in their eyes.

'It's the oddest thing. I don't feel anything from her except an overwhelming need to be held. Nothing sexual, nothing even related to that, just ... a need for security, I guess.' he sent to his ladies and to his mother.

His mother seemed to be satisfied with that, nodding in understanding, then turning to leave the room. Zoe and Stacy exchanged a glance, then sat down together on the couch.

'James, she has totally fixated on you. It seemed liked she would stare at the clock every couple of minutes, the entire time you were gone. She held my hand or sat so she could touch me all morning. We went out to the park, just hanging out and she talked to me a bit, about home, about how things used to be, and never once let go of my hand, but she seemed extremely anxious the entire time. Now you walk in and ... yep, she is asleep. Is this even healthy?' Stacy looked perplexed, shaking her head at the sight of the girl asleep in his lap.

'He pulled her out when she was trying to stop, to give up and just let go. He is her anchor.' Zoe said with certainty, not showing any sign of unease about the situation.

'Stacy, are you going to be taking her to her appointments this week, you know, with the psychologist?' he asked thoughtfully. 'Maybe you can get a few minutes with the shrink, tell her what is happening and ask how best to handle it? I don't want to make things worse, but right now I can't imagine pushing her away.' he admitted, his hand absentmindedly stroking her back and her hip as she slept.

'Anyway, you two go and eat. When you are done, you can pull the snuggle duty while I eat.' he sent, grinning.

"Nope." Stacy said aloud, shaking her head. "Sally, you haven't eaten either and you need to let James eat too." she said, giving the girl a soft shake.

Sally's eyes opened, staring into Stacy's and giving her a start. She had not been asleep after all.

"I can feel it." Sally said quietly, looking deep into Stacy's eyes.

"What can you feel, Sally?" James asked, scooting her to perch on only one leg so he could look at her.

Sally's gaze moved from Stacy to Zoe, then finally to James.

"I can feel it when you guys are talking. It is like a hum. You were talking about me, weren't you?"

The triumvirate exchanged a startled glance.

James put a finger under Sally's chin, lifting her face gently until their eyes met.

'You can feel it when we talk like this?' he sent, including all of them.

Sally was searching his eyes again, that same intent look on her face. She reached up and laid a hand on his cheek.

"What were you saying? I could feel it. It's like a vibration in my head." her tone was not accusatory, it was genuine curiosity and not a little frustration.

This times, James sent and spoke,

"I asked if you could feel it when we talked silently."

Sally's eyes went wide, her mouth forming a little 'Oh!' of surprise.

"Do it again."

"Sally, we are all worried about you. You had a big shock and were pretty mixed up for a while." he said, raising a hand and touching her forehead with his finger. "We were scared for you and just want you to get better." He had sent the same message that he was delivering aloud, and he watched her eyes go distant, focused on something he couldn't see.

"I can almost..." she whispered, not talking to them, just speaking aloud. "It is right there, like those little lights you see in your eyes when you close them, but if you concentrate they wander off. It is like that. I can almost hear you, almost understand."

'James, do you think you might have created a link when we pulled her out?' Stacy sent, her mental voice wavering between wonder and concern.

'I suppose, though it definitely wasn't something I had intended.' he answered, still staring at Sally.

Sally reached up and grasped his cheeks, forcing him to meet her eyes. Tears welled up as she searched, her lower lip beginning to tremble.

"Why can't I understand? Are you keeping me out?" she asked, a hitch in her voice.

'Sally, when we came to get you, when you were locked in that terrifying, sad place in your mind, we might have forged a link between us. But that link is small, like a tiny thread. I can make it stronger, make it so that you are one of us, part of the family, but it would mean that you would be with us forever. There is no going back.' he sent, not hiding his unease. He showed her why he was not sure, why he was concerned. She had to know, she had to see it even if it was painful for her.

Sally finally released her grip on him, her head sinking back to his shoulder. She sat silently, her eyes closed and James could feel the battle going on inside of her, feel the anxiety that was coursing through her.

"Sally, sweetheart, take a deep breath. Just think about it, okay? Let's go get some food and, if you want to talk more, we can talk after lunch."

As if on cue, his stomach grumbled loudly enough for all of them to hear, and Sally giggled, which made Stacy and Zoe giggle. James just glared at all three of them.

"Oh sure, make fun of the growing boy. Pfah ... women!" he grumped, winking down at the girl on his lap.

Lunch was a quiet, each of them seeming to be lost in their own thoughts, but the quiet hadn't stopped Sally from pushing her stool at the kitchen bar between Stacy and Zoe, forcing them all to move carefully to keep from jostling the person next to them. James sat alone on the other side of the counter, there being room for only three at the bar, and watched with interest the way his two life mates interacted with the girl.

After lunch, Sally placed her dish in the sink and then stood there, seeming unsure for a moment, before grabbing Stacy and Zoe's hands and pulling them toward the stairs. When James made to follow, she looked back and shook her head, making it clear that whatever was going on, he was not invited.

He shrugged and headed for the weight room. He had been seriously slacking, finding it hard to really work out while they stayed at Zoe's house. He would still run before everyone else was awake, but he missed the burn he would get from the weights and being home again, he was making up for lost time.

He wasn't sure how long he was in the weight room, but he knew he was on his fourth round when he noticed he had an audience. Stacy was standing in the door way watching him, a smile on her face.

He grabbed an already drenched towel and ineffectually tried to wipe the sweat away before giving up and stripping off his shirt, using that instead. It wasn't much better.

He gave Stacy a look, shrugging a shoulder, asking about the others.

'Still up there. That is one confused girl. She actually does see you as some kind of father figure ... no, no, no! Not father, savior is a better way to describe it. But she has some serious baggage, James.' She paused, looking very uncomfortable.

'I am sure that I am violating some unspoken rule, sharing confidences that are not mine to share here, but I think you really, really need to know. Her father has been molesting her since she was seven or eight. She is convinced that her mother not only okayed it, but pushed him towards her so she wouldn't have to sleep with him.'

James was stunned. Feeling sick, his gorge rising, he barely made it to the small bathroom in the home gym before he was violently sick, heaving over the toilet until there was nothing else to eject. Stacy was there, crouching next to him, her hand rubbing his back.

When he collapsed to the floor, his forehead resting against the cool porcelain of the tube, she handed him a damp wash cloth.

'I am so sorry, Lover! I never thought it would hit you like that!' she sent, her tone almost frantic.

He waved her off, not trusting himself to speak. Now that his stomach was under control, or more truthfully, empty enough to stop heaving, he felt rage. The thought of someone, a father, doing that to his own child. Forcing himself on her. If he had been there at that moment, James would gleefully have made him pray for death.

He carefully damped down those feelings, hiding them away where Stacy and Zoe would never find them, holding them close to his core. He wasn't dispelling them, he was hoarding them, saving them in case he ever met the man again. Taking a deep breath, he counted until his vision started to go gray and released it again, feeling himself relax enough to talk.

'We did that Mommy Zoe, Mommy Stacy and Daddy James thing this morning. I feel like I want to throw up again just thinking about it.' he sent, his head pounding.

'And when her mother died ... I wonder... ' James trailed off, unwilling to even give mental voice to the concerns that were rocketing around in his head. Had she helped her mother along on that fateful night?

The look on Stacy's face told him that he didn't have to voice that concern, that Stacy already shared it.

'Zoe is up there with her, spooning in our bed, letting her talk it out.' Stacy sent, sinking to the floor alongside him and laying her head on his shoulder for a moment before jerking away and wrinkling her nose.

'Sorry... ' James sent, a wry grin on his face. 'I imagine that the sweat plus the smell of me being sick is not a very nice combination.'

He climbed to his feet and brushed his teeth, rinsing with mouthwash several times. By the time he was done, Stacy had the shower going and had stripped out of her clothes. She was standing there, under the spray, waiting for him with a smile on her face.

'Lover, you look so much better than the first time we did this.' she sent, letting her eyes linger on his slowly growing erection.

'Can you believe that I was so lost in my own head the first time, I didn't even notice how un-fucking-believably sexy you are?' He replied, giving her a leer and a good once over.

Stepping into the shower, Stacy melted into his arms, plastering her body against his own and grinding her groin into his hip. She moaned into his mouth as he reached around and grabbed her ass cheeks forcing her mound against him, his erection like throbbing, living thing, trapped against her stomach.

When they broke from their kiss, both a little breathless, she sank to her knees and, as the water poured down over her head, took him into her mouth. She let her lips seat just past the head, her tongue lashing as one hand came up to cup his balls. She slowly took more and more of his shaft, relaxing her throat muscles, fighting to keep her gag reflex under control as he hit that back of her throat.

She backed off until there were only a couple of inches inside her mouth, took a deep breath, and forced his cock back in, deeper this time, groaning around the pole as she felt the head slide into her throat.

The feeling of her swallowing, of her throat muscles massaging his cock made James throw his head back, a strangled howl trying to force its way past his clenched teeth.

Stacy backed off again, gulping air, then slammed her head down until her nose was buried in his pubic hair. Then she began to hum, the hand that had been fondling his balls sliding back to massage his perineum, one finger grazing his asshole.

James lost it, he couldn't hold back and it felt like every bit of liquid in his entire body was trying to force its way out the end of his cock. He pumped spurt after spurt down her throat with almost primal growl that shook him to his core.

When she felt the surges slow, she backed off, taking the last weak drops on her tongue, savoring them as she licked his cock like a popsicle, grinning as he seemed to have trouble even standing.

Slowly standing, sliding her breasts up his body and shivering at the thrills that seemed to shoot from her nipples straight to her pussy, she latched her lips to his, sharing the taste with her lover. She had a moment to marvel that he hadn't even flinched at the taste of his cum on her lips, then forgetting everything in a kiss that overwhelmed conscious thought.

It took several minutes for his head to clear enough to start thinking again, his lips devouring hers and his hands roaming feverishly along her flanks. He broke away from the kiss, lowered his head and attacked a breast, sucking the nipple into his mouth and letting his tongue whip back and forth over it. He bit down softly, using his teeth to pull and twist, loving the deep moan that came from her.

He reached out with one hand, sliding it up her thigh and, as always, got a charge out of the shear amount of heat radiating from Stacy's pussy. Even with the shower water pouring over them, he could feel her juices, slick and slippery, and his slid two fingers inside. His thumb found her clit and he began to tease it, sliding his thumb around and over, but never quite touching it directly.

His index and middle fingers were buried as deep as he could get them inside of her and he was wiggling them, moving them back and forth. When he curled them upward, slowly began pumping them in and out, the tips dragging along the top of her vagina and rubbing her G-spot, Stacy began to quiver, her hips humping against his palm.

He increased his pace, working her spot and letting his thumb ride directly on her clit, putting pressure on it, forcing it against her pubic bone. Stacy began to whine, her hips frantic, her hands grasping his biceps as she gyrated. Her breath was coming in gasps.

James stopped moving and Stacy froze, her breath caught and her eyes snapping to his face in disbelief. Then, when she saw his smile, saw him drop to his knees, she wrapped both of her hands around the back of his head and jammed his face into her pussy, grinding on his nose and chin.

"Eat me, god damn you! Lick my pussy, make me cum!" she growled, her whole body quivering.

James buried his tongue inside her, searching out every drop of her honey that he could drink. He sucked her lips inside, chewing at them lightly and trying not to laugh when she wound her hands through his hair and tried to force him higher.

Giving in, he lifted his chin and sucked her clit into his lips, worrying it like a tiny cock, his tongue lashing as his head moved back and forth.

"YES! YES YES YES! F U C K!" she screamed as she came, her knees buckling and only James's quick grab keeping her from collapsing to the floor of the shower.

He cradled her in his arms, kissing her lips, her cheeks, her chin, watching as her eyes opened and she smiled up at him.

"That was so fucking awesome." she signed, curling his toes with another kiss.

'Guys?' Zoe's tone sounded worried and they disengaged, sitting up in the shower. James reached over and shut off the flow while they responded.

'What's wrong, little one?'

'It is definitely a link thing.' she sent back, still worried, but with a touch of humor in her message.

'When Stacy started blowing you, Sally got real restless, kind squirming on the bed, and when you came, blowing that yummy sperm down her throat, ' Zoe's voice had taken on a dreamy, lusty quality, 'she practically attacked me. She latched on to my tit and was humping against my leg. And when you started eating Stacy's juicy pussy? I thought she was going to go nuts. She pulled off her pants and I thought she was going to hurt herself, she was rubbing so hard.'

Stacy had her mouth open, shock and surprise on her face for a moment, but then she began to giggle, laying her head on James's shoulder, her whole body jiggling. James, distracted for a moment by the fascinating things a giggle did to Stacy's breasts, had to force himself to think about what Zoe had just sent.

'Is she okay?'

'Oh yeah, she is fine. She is laying here watching me rub my little clitty and shove my fingers in my pussy.' Zoe's tone was aggrieved, mostly that she was up there and not down in the shower with them. James could feel the lust from her, her desire for him.

When Stacy started laughing out loud, Zoe huffed.

'Keep it up, sister-wife, and next time James sticks his long, hard cock in your sweet little pussy, you can clean up the mess yourself.' she sent, sending along an image of one of her favorite activities, licking Stacy's pussy after James had dumped his load inside.

'I am sorry, Zoe, sister-wife, lover of mine. I won't laugh any more. I love your special kisses!' Stacy sent, flooding her with love and with her own spike of lust.

'Okay then. But damn it, I want a shower too! No, I take that back, I just want to get fucked by my master!' Zoe was pleased again, but her tone changed. 'What are we going to do?'

There was no question in his mind that she was no longer teasing. Sally was definitely catching the fringes of their links. Not a full-blown link, not part of the family, but definitely sensitive to all of it going on around her.

'Zoe, Stacy told me.' James sent, his tone heavy with concern, making it perfectly clear that he knew about her family life. 'Did you guys discuss what I told her before lunch?'

'Yes, that is how this all started. She is scared shitless. She has this attraction to you, and to me and Stacy, but mostly to you. She needs you, but she is afraid. Afraid of getting hurt, afraid of you leaving. That is all twisted up inside of her with the shit about her dad. He was ... rough. He would make her cry, couldn't get off unless she was crying, in pain.' James could feel real pain through the link with Zoe. It was hurting her just to talk about this, and he couldn't imagine how Sally was feeling, not unless he went into her mind again, something he wasn't sure he was ready to do.

'But she worships you, Master. She wants that connection, wants to feel loved. She knows that sex is supposed to be nice, to be loving. She has been searching for a connection, but everyone thought she was just a flirt and didn't take her seriously. She dressed frumpy because she was scared someone would, but flirted because she couldn't stand the thought that someone wouldn't. It is such a mess.'

'I am coming up, Zoe.' he said, making up his mind. 'Sally, baby, I am coming up to see you.' he sent and was unsurprised at the fear and passion that evoked in her.

Stacy and James dried off, Stacy getting dressed again and James just wrapping a towel around his hips. Sharing one last kiss, they turned and headed for the door.
Chapter 18 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 17 |   Bottom
Chapter 18
Posted: November 13, 2015 - 11:14:18 am

(Thanks to PapaKilo14 for his editing prowess)

Zoe was stretched out on the bed, stark naked, her skin flush with desire. She had one hand slowly diddling her clit and the other was tweaking her nipples, pulling and twisting first one, then the other.

Sally was laying there on her side, her head propped up on one arm, her shirt nowhere to be seen and her panties pulled partially down, one hand snaked between her legs and obviously busy with her own pussy.

Except where Sally had one leg crossed over and resting on Zoe's ankle, they weren't otherwise touching, but the scene was almost unbearably intimate. They were whispering to each other, talking so quietly that James and Stacy couldn't hear what they were saying from the door.

When James let Zoe know that they had arrived, Zoe leaned her head closer to Sally and whispered again.

Sally's head jerked to the left, her eyes locking on James, and she began to sit up, her free hand coming across her chest to hide her breasts and the hand that was in her panties sliding free and fluttering, as if she was not sure where it should go.

James just smiled and walked over to the bed, taking a seat on the corner and laying a hand casually on Zoe's ankle, where Sally's foot had been moments before.

"She is so sexy, laying there, isn't she?" he asked, letting his eyes roam Zoe's body, but his comment was directed at Sally.

"Yes." Sally's response was so quiet that he almost missed it, except for the wave of fear that follow in its wake.

"Sally, I want to join with you," he paused, jerking back from the pulse of terror that his comment had caused and held up his hands. "Mentally, Sally. Like before, when you were hurting and I came to find you, remember? When we all, all three of us, came to find you."

Sally was shivering now, her eyes wide and her mouth making little gasping movements, like she couldn't decide whether to breath or speak and was able to do neither.

He waited, patiently, his eyes locked on hers, sending her peaceful thoughts, flooding her with love, willing her to trust him, to believe in him.

She shuddered, her whole body shaking, then closed her eyes and seemed to get a grip on herself. When she opened her eyes again, still face to face with James, she nodded.

James smiled at her, still pulsing love and trust, and sent his probe. This time it was easy. The maelstrom had calmed to, reduced to mere hurricane proportions, though there were some ugly threads of fear and pain that made the entire scene macabre.

He easily found her center and pierced it, taking a second to orient himself and to breathe easier, now that he was in the eye of the storm.

He could see her conflicted emotions seeming to battle for supremacy. He could see her memories, her father and tormentor, the way he would beat her until she wept, then force himself on her. He could see that she blamed herself, that she came to invite the abuse, flirting with her tormentor, thinking that it was the only way he could love her, the only way she could be loved.

Inside his own mind, the rage threatened to break free, tried to escape the box he had shoved it into, tried to force its way out so it could vent on the world at large.

He nudged, sending her images of the first time he met her. He saw her interest, her almost automatic flirting. Images of him running, the thrill and terror she felt when he lifted her effortlessly that day. The shame at the attraction, knowing in her heart that she would be adding to her own shame, her own torment.

He found what he had feared when he inserted her mother into the equation. Her mother drunk, beating her, calling her a whore. Blaming her for seducing her husband, turning him against her own mother. Then the drunken fall, the crash of glass. He saw the shard of glass, laying against the woman's throat, a thin line of blood was all. Until Sally stepped down, her slipper-shod foot forcing the fragment deep into her unconscious mother's throat. The spray of blood, the sense of satisfaction.

Then the horror came, the realization that she was every bit the monster her mother had painted her to be. The realization that she was alone, totally, unbearably alone.

Last, but not least, and with many misgivings, James inserted his memory of the night she tried to will herself dead. He appeared in her memory as a shining giant, an angel who glowed so brightly that she could hardly bear to look.

He pulled back then, not out but to the periphery, and waited, thinking, reviewing, deciding.

He pulled Stacy and Zoe into the gestalt, opening his mind and showing them what he had seen, showing them what he had learned. Then he struck. He drove deep, down into her memories, down into the center of her mind, into the core of her being. He struck, he cut and torn, hacked and burned, eradicated every memory of her father's abuse save one. Then completely destroyed the memory of her final act of defiance, leaving only the memory of her mother's 'accident' behind.

Lastly, he gathered together the memories she had manufactured of him as an angel, as a beacon, and he replaced them. He inserted himself as Stacy saw him. He was a young man, fallible, earnest, loving and sometimes juvenile, but ultimately caring and careful. From Zoe, he took her trust for him, her certainty that he would never hurt her or allow her to come to harm. Then he urged her to sleep, forcing her eyes closed, forcing her deep.

When he was done, he turned to his lovers, his mental hand held wide, and submitted himself to their judgment. He hadn't asked for their concurrence, he hadn't asked them to help and he hadn't asked for the memories he took and reused for his own purposes. He despised what he had become, what he had done, using his gifts to force his will on the girl, and he was willing to face the consequences.

When Zoe and Stacy withdrew from the link, he wondered if he could succeed where Sally had failed, and began to withdraw into himself, knowing they had turned their backs on him, condemned his monstrous rampage through the girl's mind.

The slap that snapped his head around and knocked him from the bed to the floor was so unexpected, so sudden that he lost all connections to Sally, coming out from his mental world into the physical with a bang as his head hit the floor.

"Don't you fucking do it!" screamed Zoe, tears streaming down her cheeks, her face locked in a look of horror.

"How could you think that? How could you even think of leaving us?" she screamed, standing over him and weeping.

Stacy jumped between them, wrapping her arms around James and pleading with her sister. "He thought we left him! He thought we rejected him!"

Zoe seemed to crumple, her legs collapsing under her. "We had to, the pain... !" she gasped, dropping her face into her hands, her body wracked by sobs.

"I thought you were horrified. I couldn't do this without you and I thought you were gone. You cut the link..." James said, his voice hoarse.

Zoe pulled away from Stacy and threw herself into his lap, her arms so tight around him that he had problems drawing a breath.

"Don't ever do that. Don't ever think that. I can't live without you. I don't want to live without you. I have never been so scared in my whole life!" she sobbed.

"I am so sorry, little one. What I did to Sally, I didn't even know what the fuck I was doing, wasn't sure if I could even do that without killing her. I might have destroyed her mind. Then I invaded your minds, took what I wanted and gave them to her. So many things, so many ... I thought you would be horrified, disgusted. When you left, I decided I would rather die than face the world without you two."

"We were overwhelmed, we needed to get out. James, you don't understand what it was like for us. You have given us these abilities, but they are a pale imitation of what you can do. It is like comparing a lit match to the sun. What you did in there, the power and the strength, it was ... It was too much, I felt like my mind was going to burn out. We had to leave!" Stacy said, holding both of them.

'I didn't... ' he started to send, but Stacy grabbed him, startling and interrupting him. The two women were shuddering and pale.

Stacy gasped, holding her head in her hands. "Don't! I don't think I can bear it ... it feels like a spike in my brain!"

Zoe just moaned, holding on tight, barely conscious.

James realized that their comment about feeling like they were going to burn out was not hyperbole. Somehow, his actions had fed back on them, had hurt them. What if they could never link again? Had he tried to save one and destroyed two? Had he even saved Sally? He had struck blindly, acting on instinct. It was entirely possible that she could wake up a completely different person, or completely insane.

It was his turn to weep.

The three of them slept, finally, though it was early afternoon. His mother, coming to find out where the four had disappear to, saw all four of them under the covers in James's bed, all of them looking pale and drawn. None of them appeared to have a fever, but she was concerned enough to sit with them for hours, leaving only to get her husband his dinner when he got home for work, and then sleeping on the futon through the night.

When James woke, it was still dark out. His clock said it was only three in the morning and it wasn't until the memories of the previous day came flooding back that he realized what had happened. They had all be exhausted and what had begun as a short nap, had lasted all day.

He sat up, his bladder telling him that he needed to move, and was shocked to see his mother sitting up from where she had been laying on the futon by the television.

"James, are you okay?" she whispered, not wanting to wake the others.

James nodded, then gestured towards the stairs. "Let's talk downstairs. After I use the bathroom." he replied.

His mother was in the kitchen filling the tea kettle when he came down, and he sat down at the counter, content to wait until she was done.

"Are you kids sick?" his mother asked, laying her hand against his forehead.

"No, Mum. Or at least, not like that. Let's wait for the tea, it's a long story." he said, sighing.

He started at the beginning, describing Sally's behavior when they first met. He told her about her odd reaction when he had picked her up, about what the trio had done to pull her out of her catatonia. He told her everything, describing what he had witnessed, what he had felt and what actions he had taken.

Then he told her about Sally's demons. He talked about the abuse, about the memories he had seen. He told her about Sally's mother, and about how she had treated her daughter.

Ada sat there and wept silently for Sally, and for James. He was too young to have to face things like that. He was just a boy! Her boy.

He left out the night that Sally's mother had died, not willing to give that secret to the world at large, not even for his mother. He did tell her about the memories Sally had of his visit during her self-torment, and how it had triggered something in him.

Finally, he told her about how he had destroyed parts of her memory, stealing the horrifying scenes from Sally's mind, about replacing the angel-like false memory and replacing it with a more realistic version.

Last, but not least, he described his own feelings, his guilt over what he had done, and the feedback that had caused so much pain to his lovers. how he had hurt them unknowingly.

When he was done, exhausted again and feeling drained, his mother held him to her breast. She rocked him and crooned to him like when he was an infant, telling him how very proud she was of him, how strong and wonderful her baby boy was.

They ended up on the couch in the living room, James asleep with his head in her lap and Ada stroking his brow. She didn't sleep any more that night, her thoughts filled with wonder at what her son had become.

Sally slept until noon the following day, waking alone in the big bed. She lay there for a long, long time, staring at the ceiling. When she made her way downstairs to find Stacy sitting in the kitchen, Stacy simply opened her arms and allowed the girl to slip on to her lap.

"It wasn't a dream, was it." Sally said, a statement and not a question.

"No, it wasn't."

'It didn't work, not completely.'

"Sally?" Stacy yelped, almost dumping the girl from her lap.

'It's okay, Stacy. There are memories still in there. Well, kinda. It is like ... ghosts of memories. I can just barely see my father coming into my room, but it is just a picture. None of the emotions are there. I know that I was probably terrified, but I don't feel that now. It is just an ugly picture I can ignore. I can sense holes in my memories so he obviously got some of them, maybe most of them, but not all. The weirdest part is that I can remember him changing me.'

'You are sending.'

'I know.'

'But how?'

Sally just shrugged.

'We have to tell James.'

'Later. Right now I need to understand. I need to know why he did it.'

'You were in such pain, he couldn't stand it.

'Why did he destroy the memory of himself? Why would he take something so beautiful and make it ... less?'

'He doesn't want to be worshipped, any more than he wants to be feared. He wants people to know him, to love him for who he is.'

'Does he want me? Does he want me to love him?' Sally's voice was plaintive, yearning.

'You already do, Sally.' Stacy answered, hugging the girl close.

Sally sat there silently for a while, just holding on to Stacy. She could feel the warmth of her skin, and the warmth that radiated from within the older girl, and basked in both.

'I want to see him, I think I am ready now.'

'Do you want me to come with you?'

'No.'

James and Zoe had stayed home from school and, after breakfast had taken a walk. They were sitting out on the lawn, under the big oak tree, and were quietly talking.

The three had woken late, but feeling much better that morning, Zoe smiling up at James with her lips around his erection, and sending mental caresses to him. James, his smile more from relief that he had not permanently hurt them that it was for the feel of her talented mouth, was a happy man. He had pulled her up to him and kissed her like his life depended on it, then pulling Stacy to him and kissing her as well.

The three had showered together and shared breakfast. James had wanted some fresh air, but Stacy volunteered to wait for Sally to wake, and the other two had gone for a walk.

Sally stared out the window at James and Zoe for several minutes before moving to the door. She exited the house and stopped about ten feet away, just enjoying the morning sun and the warm feelings she got watching the two lovers.

'Good morning, James.' she sent, and giggled when he jumped as if he had been goosed.

'Sally? SALLY!' His joy radiated from him, the force of the emotional wave made Sally feel weak in the knees.

'Sally?' Zoe sent, looking confused, but hopeful.

'Good morning, Zoe. Sister.' Sally sent, a smile on her face.

'Oh my god... ' Zoe stumbled to her feet, dashing the ten feet to Sally and wrapping her arms around the girl.

'Sally, oh ... how, I mean, when? Does this mean... ' Zoe seemed to have a million questions, all of the trying to get out at once.

'Zoe, I need to talk to James, just for a little while.' she said, kissing Zoe lightly on the lips.

'Oh. Yeah, of course. Me next though, okay?' Zoe begged, hugging Sally before stepping back.

James still sat where he had been, his eyes riveted on Sally. His face was placid, but his happiness was a beacon.

Sally walked forward and sat down, leaning up against the tree at his side, but not meeting his eyes.

'I am not sure if what you did was the right thing or not.' she sent.

'I couldn't stand by and do nothing. I couldn't bear it.' he replied, not apologizing or offering excuses, though he was prepared to throw himself on her mercy if that is what she needed.

'So you played god.'

James remained silent.

'You missed some. You missed enough, left enough traces, that I can almost see it. You ... dislodged them. My memories. Disconnected them from the emotions that came with them. I am grateful for that.'

'Enough to forgive?'

There was a pause, long enough for a thousand fleeting thoughts, but not long enough for him to settle on one.

'Most of it. I don't know about part though. You took away my angel, my deliverer. The only thing in there that I treasured.'

'It wasn't real.' James shook his head. 'It was part of the problem.'

'What happens to me now?'

'What do you mean?'

'Your parents took me in. A damaged girl, distraught. If I am better, do I go to a state home? Does my father get to claim me back?'

James sucked in a breath, his expression going blank, using every trick he had learned, every bit of discipline he had, to stuff the Rage back where it belonged. But not fast enough.

Sally felt the clawing hunger, the blood-boiling anger pummel her senses and, instead of recoiling, she pivoted and climbed into James's lap, her arms around his neck and her forehead against his.

She stared deep into his eyes, searching.

"Okay." she said aloud, her voice calm.

James, breathing hard, sweat rolling down his face and crawling down his back, blinked and tried to focus on Sally's face, just a couple of inches away.

"Okay?" he answered, confused.

"I'll stay."

"Um ... you will?"

"On one condition." Sally grinned, her eyes bright with mirth.

"And that is... ?"

'That sometimes, in here, where no one else can hear ... I can call you Daddy.'
Chapter 19 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 18 |   Bottom
Chapter 19
Posted: November 13, 2015 - 11:14:18 am

(Thanks to PapaKilo14 for his editing prowess)

"On one condition." Sally grinned, her eyes bright with mirth.

"And that is... ?"

'That sometimes, in here, where no one else can hear ... I can call you Daddy.'

"What!?" James's eyes shot wide open, his face pale.

'Well?'

'No, no, no, no, no! Why would you ask that?' James's mental voice was sputtering, balking at the idea.

Sally kept her forehead in contact with his, their eyes locked. She smiled softly.

'It doesn't matter why. It is my only condition.'

James just sat there, staring into her eyes, seeing her smile, unable to come up with a cogent argument other than "It's wrong" and knowing that would not be enough to dissuade her.

'I don't know if I can handle that.' he sent, struggling to hold the rage inside every time the thought of her father crept into his mind.

'I can see inside you.' she sent, the smile never altering. 'I can see it, coiled, waiting... '

James broke eye contact, moving his head so that he couldn't see her, and found himself meeting Zoe's gaze instead, as she stood ten feet away, impatiently waiting to find out what was happening.

The hope and anticipation on Zoe's face was ... heart breaking. If he turned Sally down, he would have at least two heart-broken women to deal with.

With a sigh, he felt the tension leave and exhaustion creep it. It was as if he had just finished a marathon. He pulled Sally to him, holding her close and relaxing at the feel of her heartbeat next to his. In her ear, his mouth close enough so that she could feel his breath tickling, he whispered.

"Okay."

It seemed as though Sally had been holding her breath, hiding her own tension, burying her own worries. She collapsed against him, silently weeping and he could feel her hot tears on his neck and shoulder.

Zoe, unable to wait any longer, rushed to the pair and dropped to her knees, her arms around both of them.

'Is it okay now?' she sent softly.

'It's good, sister.' Sally raised up and shifted her head to Zoe's shoulder, pulling her closer. Tears were still running down her cheeks, but her smile was brilliant.

'It's fucking great!' she laughed, kissing Zoe's neck.

James looked up and found Stacy standing over the little group, her own smile lighting up her face.

'Can anyone join this little party?' she sent to the three, 'Or maybe we should take this inside before we give the neighbors even more to gossip about?'

Laughing, James, Zoe and Sally stood and pulled Stacy into the group hug for a long moment. Then, the four of them hand in hand, they turned towards the house.

Conversation was even more chaotic that normal, adding another voice to the growing family, but they gave Sally time to tell her story.

'It was like I was wrapped in bubble wrap. This transparent wall between me and everything. I could almost hear you guys talking, almost feel what you were feeling and it was like an itch I couldn't scratch. I don't really know what made me tell you about ... about my father.' there was a hitch in her mental voice, a pain not quite remembered.

'Then James wanted in my head and I was scared, but I was excited too. I would get to see my guardian angel again. When he started shredding my memories, slashing through and just taking them, pushing me, forcing me, I was terrified. It was him all over again, this time in my brain.' Sally turned to James, pain etched into every line on her face.

'I hated you right then, James.' she admitted, not meeting his eyes. 'But then I realized what you were doing, I realized that you were cutting away the bad parts, and I started to feel different. Every time you destroyed something, I felt better, I felt lighter, I felt more free. You left enough behind so that I can appreciate what you took, and be grateful.'

'I still don't understand how you can send!' Zoe grumped, looking perplexed.

'I think that when we went in the first time, it created a path. Not a link, or not as we are used to seeing it.' James mused. 'It was a very intimate intrusion, after all. This time, when I went in and ... um ... did what I did, the pathway became permanent. In taking so much from her, I had to give back as well. I took from you Stacy, and from you, Zoe. I gave her a piece of each of us.'

'Even if I hadn't already loved each of you, I would have when he was done. James cut out the part that made me hate myself and now, to love myself, I have to love you too. In a very real way, you three are a part of who I am now.' There was a sense of wonder in her tone.

'Sally, this is a very different thing. Zoe asked, begged for me to link with her, show her what I was feeling. That the link was permanent was an accident, before I knew that it was possible. Stacy accepted her link with open eyes, but you were given the link without your consent. In a way, I forced it on you.'

Sally moved from where she was sitting between the two other girls and crossed to where James was sitting in an easy chair. She slid into his lap, curling up like she had been doing ever since she arrived. She sighed contentedly and lay her head on his shoulder.

She sent only to him, her mental voice filled with contentment, answering his concerns and laying his guilt to rest. 'I love you, Daddy.'

That didn't mean, of course, that it was all over. James had to figure out how he was going to explain all of this to his parents and Zoe's parents.

Surprisingly, James's dad David was the hardest to sell on the new situation. Ailene and Stewart, Zoe and Stacy's parents, were easy and, of course, Ada already knew most of it.

Ailene just shook her head, worry in her eyes but a quick conversation with her daughters seemed to settle her down. Stewart also shook his head, but he had a grin on his face.

"James, you get to see what it is like trying to keep the peace with three women in the house." His cryptic comment caused James to look confused, which only seemed to make Stewart's grin even wider as he walked away.

Ada, after her long, late night conversation with James, was already in the loop. While she wasn't thrilled with the idea, the sight of Sally smiling and acting more natural that she had since she arrived was enough to allay her fears.

James's father just buried his face in his hands with a moan, shaking his head when James told him of the new situation.

"James, you cannot keep doing this. Okay, I understand you were helping and yes, Sally looks much happier, much better adjusted. That is fantastic, really. But now you have three girls, women, who depend on you. Three human beings whose life and happiness are linked to yours. I saw you, remember? I was there when you fell apart. What happens if you face a situation in the future where you are just as conflicted? You would destroy four lives, not just one."

"Dad, everything you say is right except for one. I fell apart because I didn't have them. I was alone in my head and I had done this terrible thing. I fell apart because I thought no one knew, no one could know. Now I can share with them, and I can share with you and mom. I can share with Ailene and Stewart. I am not alone anymore."

"Will there be more, son?" the worry in his voice was a knife in James's chest.

"I don't know, Dad. I didn't plan this one. Sally was killing herself and this was part of saving her. Would it be better to let someone go rather than risk adding another member to my family?" James really was conflicted, guilty over the way this had happened and worried about the future. It showed in his voice, in the way he held himself, and his father could see it as well.

"No, son. Look, I am insanely proud of you, but I am your father and I worry. You did the right thing, but I don't share the things you do with them, or even the bit you share with your Mum. I am on the outside looking in. It makes it harder for me. I trust you. I know you will do the right thing, but have some patience with me, okay?"

James and David had always had a good relationship, but had never been really demonstrative to each other. A pat on the back, a handshake, a quick one-armed hug. When David put his arms around James and hugged him tight, he could feel himself relax. There was safety there, even if only for a few minutes.

Life seemed to settle down for a while, slowly sliding into what passed for normality in the dual household. The four of them transferred to Zoe's house for the next week, Sally joining James and Zoe for school with Mrs. Albright while Stacy played chauffeur, taking Sally to her counseling session.

There had been a bit of tension at first though, Sally insisting that she no longer wanted to talk to the psychologists. The other three, firmly but with compassion, convinced her to continue going. She was much better, but she still had a ways to go. She still had to deal with her past and with her new status as a member of their little circle, and a professional could give her the tools to make the transition easier.

One of the issues that reared its head sooner rather than later was that of sleeping arrangements. James, Stacy and Zoe had been sleeping together, all in one bed, for weeks now, but none of the beds were really large enough to add a fourth, not if anyone wanted to actually get comfortable enough to sleep.

The first time they tried, another issue was immediately apparent. Zoe, horny and feeling left out since she and James hadn't made love in days, had immediately climbed on top of him the first night, sucking his cock as deep into her throat as possible with a happy hum.

James, a smile on his face at Zoe's excitement, had snaked one arm around Stacy and one around Sally, then laid back to enjoy Zoe's blowjob. Or that had been the idea anyway.

Sally had tightened up, her whole body stiff, her eyes locked on the ceiling. James could feel her discomfort and even a little fear as the girl lay next to him.

'Zoe, wait.' he sent privately. When Zoe looked up at him, a pout on her face, he mentally nudged her to look at Sally. Zoe's expression turned to one of surprise, and then thoughtfulness. She crawled up James's body until she could give him a kiss, then squirmed down, displacing him, until she was between James and Sally.

Zoe wrapped her arms around the girl, pulling her tight. James listened, pulling Stacy in, as Zoe talked.

'Sally? What's wrong?'

'Nothing.'

'Bullshit.' she sent, then giggled when Sally looked surprised.

'You are as stiff as a board. You know that he would never touch you without your consent, right? He would never force himself on you. It just never occurred to him to not share a snuggle as we made love. He had his arm around Stacy too.'

There was a long silence, Sally still staring at the ceiling, but she was starting to relax a little, some of the stiffness melting away.

'I don't think I can, I mean, I... ' she started, pausing and restarting.

'You are scared.'

'No, I mean yes ... maybe a little? I feel like I want to, it is exciting, but seeing it, actually laying here, I see... '

'Your father.'

'Yes.'

'What about me? Would you let me make love to you?' Zoe raised her head up onto one hand, leaning slightly towards Sally, meeting her gaze and letting her see the desire in her eyes.

'Ummm... ' Sally was blushing a bit, but still looking uncertain.

Zoe grinned and sent her the memory of licking and sucking, of eating her pussy in front of James and Stacy as part of her punishment. She sent her desire, her lust at the thought of burying her face in Sally's pussy again.

As the flush crept up Sally's neck, her nipples hardening through the thin t-shirt she was wearing, Zoe slowly let her hand creep across Sally's stomach. She rubbed soft, small circles there, not moving up or down, just letting Sally get used to being touched. Zoe dipped her head down and started placing little kisses on her shoulder, slowly inching towards Sally's neck, her own excitement growing as Sally's breath came a little faster.

'Can we go into your room?' Sally sent, a hesitant, breathless plea.

Zoe, instead of answering, sent a wave of love to James and Stacy, then slid her body slowly over the top of Sally, letting her breasts and her erect nipples brush against the other girl's nipples as she stood up on the floor beside the bed. She grabbed Sally's hands and pulled her upright, dragging her towards the door to Stacy's room.

Sally, her face a mixture of lust and not a little guilt, looked back over her shoulder at James and Stacy, but seeing the smiles on their faces, seemed to relax and let herself be pulled out of the room.

Stacy, still laying beside James, one arm and leg draped over him, reached for his wilting cock and stroked it lazily.

'She'll come around.' she sent to him, sounding confident.

James shrugged, his eyes on the door and his expression troubled. 'She might. I don't care if she never touches me like that, but I hate to see her scared. Zoe will be good for her, I think.' he mused, tightening down on the rage again. It was getting a little bit easier and that was both good and bad. Good because the thought of it getting loose was frightening, and bad because he wanted it there, wanted it caged and ready. Someday he wanted to let it loose.

Taking a deep breath, he cleared his mind and turned to his lover, letting his hand slide down her arm and on to her hip.

'Zoe has things well in hand over there.' he sent with a touch of humor. 'Whatever shall we do in the mean time?'

'Oh, I think something might come up.' Stacy giggled, and pulled his head down to her breast, feeding him a nipple.

In Zoe's room, Sally was laying spread-eagled on the bed, her t-shirt and panties laying on the floor. Zoe was laying between her legs, placing little kisses up the inside of her thigh while Sally rubbed her own breasts, lightly teasing the nipples.

Zoe reached the top, pausing to let her tongue explore the crease where Sally's left leg met her hip, then placing a little kiss just above her clit, making Sally jump and give off a soft moan of desire. She could smell the other girl's arousal, could see the moisture in her cleft and she gave in, unable to keep the teasing up.

Zoe lowered her head and licked her from bottom to top, flicking Sally's clit at the end of the stroke and giggling when Sally jumped again. Reaching behind her, she placed her hands behind Sally's knees and urged the girl's legs up, spreading and lifting until Sally's swollen pussy was completely bared to her gaze.

Holding her legs in place, Zoe dipped her head down and licked her again, starting at that oh-so-sensitive spot between her pussy and her ass, dragging her tongue up the folds, diving deep as she passed and collecting the honey that was oozing out.

She kept this up, long lingering licks interspersed with little nibbles, pulling and tugging on Sally's lips, snaking her tongue into the girl's pussy as far as she could, then licking again. Sally, her hips moving in little circles, was savaging her own nipples, pulling and twisting, squeezing them. Little whimpers filled the air as Zoe sped up.

When Zoe slid a finger into her well-lubed pussy, Sally cried out, her hips bouncing off the bed, smashing into Zoe's mouth.

"Yes ... yes, fuck! Lick me, fuck me! Do it, Zoe, eat my pussy!" she groaned, starting to shiver with anticipation.

When Zoe added a second finger, pistoning them in and out of her pussy, and then let her head sink lower to lick Sally's starfish, Sally exploded, her back arching until the only parts touching the bed were her feet and the top of her head. She screamed, a loud, throaty roar as her orgasm washed over her, spraying her juices all over the side of Zoe's face.

Zoe quickly moved her mouth up again, sucking Sally's clit into her lips and savaging it with her tongue, prolonging her orgasm, driving her over the top into a second, and a third. When Sally collapsed, her knees coming together and forcing Zoe's face away, trapping her fingers in Sally's sopping pussy, Zoe just smiled.

She managed to free her hand, letting Sally curly up in a sweaty, panting ball, and climbed up behind her, spooning with the girl and letting her hands stroke Sally's flank, petting her ass.

It was several minutes before Sally spoke, her voice filled with passion and awe.

"That was fucking awesome!" she purred, rolling back towards Zoe and attacking her lips, forcing her tongue into Zoe's mouth, then backing off and licking the side of her face.

"Hmm ... I taste pretty good." she said with a smirk. She reached over and caressed Zoe's breast, tickling her nipple. "I want to try." she husked, licking her lips.

Zoe just grinned and nodded, latching on to her lips with a toe-curling kiss and then rolling over on her back. She crooked a finger, beckoning Sally with a leer.

"Come and get it, sweet thing. Momma wants some loving!"

Back in Stacy's room, she was astride James's hips, his cock buried deep inside of her and her hips grinding her clit against his pelvis. James had one hand on her breasts, tweaking a nipple and the other was crushed beneath her pussy, his fingers on her clit, rubbing in little circles that had Stacy whining softly.

"You feel so good inside of me. God, no one has ever fucked me like you do, lover." she moaned, her hands coming down to rest on his chest. She began to lift up and then let his cock fill her again as she sank down, ending in a circular grind before rising.

James had a momentary pang, quickly forgotten. Stacy had not been a virgin when they made love the first time, but he still had those little jolts of jealousy when he thought about another man touching his fiancé.

"Oh shit!" he thought to himself, momentarily distracted. "Is she still my fiancé? Zoe is my slave, and we decided together that Stacy would be my wife, but now there is Sally. How the fuck is that going to work?"

Stacy, fucking herself on his cock with her eyes closed, still paused for a moment, sensing his momentary unease through their link.

"Okay, lover?" she said, looking down into his eyes.

"Better than okay, baby." he said, smiling and banishing his doubts. He reached up and drew her down to him, taking a moment to suck on each of her nipples. Sliding his arms behind her shoulders and gripping her tightly, he rolled her over until he was on top, his cock still buried inside, and began to move.

He hitched his hips, aiming his stroke so that it put extra pressure on her g-spot, varying the length and strength of each stroke, and was rewarded when her head went back, thrashing side to side.

He began to pick up the pace, exulting in the flush that was turning her skin a delicate pink, and in the ragged way her breath was catching in her throat. When her legs came up and wrapped around his ass, her heels drumming on his thighs, urging him to fuck her harder, he gave her what she wanted.

He began to pound, to crush her pelvis in the soft mattress. She was fucking back at him, raising her hips in perfect sync, lining herself up to get every last fraction of his cock inside of her.

"FUCK! Fuck me, harder, James, harder ... FUCK!" she screamed as her body began to quiver, her orgasm overloading her. James felt a gush of hot fluid against his groin and he buried his cock one last time, letting his own orgasm go and flooding her pussy with his seed.

Stacy, the pulsing warmth bathing her cervix making her body crest again, simply whined deep in her throat and she crushed him to her, holding his weight on top of her as she shook and trembled. James laid his head on her shoulder, trying to catch his breath.

They had been linked, feeding on each other's passion, luxuriating in the bond that let them feel what the other was feeling, experience the love and lust that flowed through them and back again.

Rolling off to the side and pulling Stacy over so her head rested on his chest, he let his senses quest out and link with Zoe, feeling the last trembling vestiges of her own orgasm and smiled to himself.

He drifted off to sleep, Stacy cuddled at his side and a smile on his face. Later, when he felt a shift on the mattress, he opened his eyes for a moment to see Zoe crawling in to bed and Stacy, after giving him a soft kiss, leaving.

'I need time with you too, Master. Stacy will keep Sally safe.' Zoe sent, laying her body on his, wanting to feel as much of him touching her as was humanly possible.

They slept like that, Zoe laying on top of him like a blanket.

When morning rolled around and James woke with his cock in Zoe's throat, he just smiled. He loved waking up like this and even though he had told her she didn't have to, she insisted that it was both her job and her pleasure.

When Zoe saw that he was awake, she grinned up at him and sat back on her heels. One more quick glance to make sure he was watching, and she blanked her face, assuming the position. She was kneeling, her knees shoulder width apart, her head down and her palms on her thighs. She was silent and still, but James could see how wet her pussy was and how hard her nipples were, and knew what she wanted.

'Face down, slave.' he barked at her, almost laughing at the shiver that ran down her spine at his words. Zoe dove face down on the bed, her ass sticking up, almost begging to be touched.

James knelt over her, grabbing her arms and pulling them behind her back, holding both wrists with one hand and forcing her face into the mattress.

He reached down with the other and lifted her hips, forcing her knees under her. The display was almost lewd, her pussy swollen and glistening, her soft, sexy ass way up in the air.

He reached out and ran a finger through her slit, gathering some of her honey.

"You are so wet, little slut. Dirty little slut wants to get fucked?" he whispered to her, making his voice sound disapproving. His throbbing cock gave lie to that attitude, but Zoe's pussy just got even wetter, actually dripping down onto the mattress. He ran his wet fingers up the crack of her ass, forcing one inside of her pucker roughly, making her whine.

Pulling out, he gathered more of her nectar and leaned forward, forcing his wet fingers between her lips. "Clean them. Lick your juices off my fingers, slut." he rasped, shoving his fingers in and out of her mouth like two little cocks.

Zoe's hips were hunching, seeking, almost unconsciously searching for his cock. Her whines got a little louder, a little more insistent.

"Tell your Master what you want, slut. Tell me what you need!" he ordered, pushing her captured wrists higher and forcing her deeper into the mattress.

"Please, Master. Please fuck me. Please put your cock in my sloppy cunt. Use me, fuck me, fill me." she begged, her hips hunching madly, her knees shifting as she pushed back against him.

"Maybe I will just fuck your ass ... then pull out and make you lick me clean, slut." he mused, using one hand to tease her slit with the head of his cock.

Zoe's whining had changed to wordless, meaningless grunts, her eye scrunched closed and she tried to force his cock inside of her.

James couldn't wait. He nestled his cock in place, then thrust it home, bottoming out inside of her tight pussy and driving her hips forward.

"AAAAHHH!" Zoe screamed, an orgasm making her pussy grip him like a vice. James didn't wait for her to finish, dragging his cock back against the clamp of her muscles and slamming it home again, fucking her hard and fast. Her orgasm hadn't ended when she was cresting again, her scream tapering off as she ran out of breath. Zoe sucking in another lungful of air and screamed again, venting her lust.

James pounded her mercilessly, slamming his hips against her, his free hand slapping Zoe's ass cheeks between each thrust, alternating between them, red hand prints and welts showing starkly against her pale skin.

When he was ready, when he felt the cum boiling up from his balls, he buried his thumb in her ass, sending the girl into convulsions as he collapsed on top of her.

It was several minutes before either of them could do more than gasp for air, but Zoe seemed to recover first, a muffled giggle working its way free, her face still smashing into the soft mattress.

'Oh my god! That was so fucking perfect. You always know just what I need.' she crooned, her love for him seeping out of every pore. 'I wish I could keep your cock inside of me like this forever.'

James just laughed, rolling over to his lover and kissing her tenderly.

'As much as I love you, little one, and as good as that sounds, I can't even imagine what Mrs. Albright would say in class... ' he joked, laughing again as he felt her giggle.
Chapter 20 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 19 |   Bottom
Chapter 20
Posted: November 19, 2015 - 09:18:37 am
Updated: November 20, 2015 - 08:31:30 am

(Thanks to PapaKilo14 and Gordon Johnson for their editing help)

"You three do have your homework assignments, don't you? You had an extra day to complete them."

Mrs. Albright wasn't cutting them any slack, not knowing the reason they had not been in class the previous day. James wondered if she would have cut them slack even if she had known.

Terri and Tabby looked on with barely hidden amusement as the three of them remained silent, their guilt was without question.

"I see. Well, you will just have that much more to hand in tomorrow, won't you?"

The groans, while silent, were no less heartfelt and sincere.

They had learned to pay attention in class, keeping the chatter, both out loud and mental, to a minimum. Mrs. Albright rarely exhibited a sense of humor when it came to class work and, if she asked a question, she expected an answer. When she had caught them out several times, asking questions that they couldn't answer, she displayed a rare bit of anger. They had been chatting silently instead of paying attention that day, and the teacher had called them out.

"If you do not want to be here, then do not come. I don't have time to baby sit, I am here to teach. If you are incapable of performing up to the standards your parents expect, I will be more than happy to tell them that you are better off back at the high school. Do I make myself clear?" her tone had been hard and brittle, her patience at an end. The three had promised that they would do better, and deliberately keep any discussions verbal in nature, and only when required.

They had a break, halfway through their session and the teens all tended to gather together and chat, taking the time to get to know one another a bit.

Tabby and Terri were curious about Sally since she had joined after the beginning of these new sessions. When they learned that Sally lived with James and Zoe, that curiosity became fascination.

"So, like, are you guys related or not? I thought James and Zoe were going out, but Mom says you live together. Now Sally lives with you too?" Tabby asked, twirling a lock of red hair around her finger.

James snuck a glance sideways at Zoe, who was doing the same towards Sally.

"It's complicated." he said with a sigh, not really wanting to get in to it at school.

"I'll say." Terri giggled. "Tab A into Slot A works, but I can only imagine what you would do with Slot B."

James gave Terri a hard stare, but she looked completely unconcerned. Terri was leaning towards the lesbian side of Bisexual, mostly because of her un-sisterly love of Tabby, and Tabby leaned towards the Hetero side of Bisexual, despite the two sisters being lovers.

"You have a lot of experience with Slot A and Slot B logistics, do you Terri?" James asked, keeping his tone as innocent as possible.

Terri turned that bright red only possible with redheads, and sputtered, waving her hands as if to ward him off.

"What? No! Why would you think that?"

Zoe snickered and Sally just looked confused. Tabby, on the other hand, was giving James and Zoe speculative looks, her eyes flashing back and forth between them.

Tabby took a half step forward, moving into James's personal space.

"So tell me, James. How do you manage having your girlfriend, or girlfriends, living with you at sixteen?" she asked.

"There is also Stacy." Zoe muttered, rolling her eyes.

"Wait, there is another one?" Now Tabby looked fascinated. Her eyes raked James from head to toe, a perplexed expression on her face.

"You have three girlfriends?"

James kept quiet, knowing that nothing he could say would make the situation any less uncomfortable.

"No, he has two and Zoe has one."

Terri, Tabby, James and Zoe all froze in place, all eyes turning towards Sally. Sally looked completely unconcerned, a small, self-satisfied smile on her lips and a wicked gleam in her eye.

James just groaned, though he had the presence of mind to make it a mental one.

'Fanning the flames, Sally?' he sent, his tone resigned.

'Annoyed at pushy bitches.' she sent back, her expression not changing.

'They are just curious.' Zoe chimed in, winking at James.

Terri and Tabby were doing that twin thing, communicating without words. James had half-suspected they were telepathic, but they were just on the same wavelength, long experience helping them know what the other was thinking without actually saying anything.

"So..." Terri drawled, her eyes going from one of the trio to the next. "James and Zoe, for sure. They are way too comfortable together to be anything but. The question now is if you, Sally, or the unnamed girl at home, is Zoe's girlfriend."

"Look, I think this has gone far enough. Our personal situation is just that, personal." James said reasonably, hoping to head off this conversation before things got out of control.

"No, it's okay, James." Sally said, stepping forward. It was her turn to impinge on the twins' personal space.

"James and Zoe were first, then Stacy came along. Now me. James and Stacy and Zoe are lovers, and Zoe and I are lovers, though I could totally see Stacy and I becoming closer. Maybe, some day, James and I as well. We do have a rather large bed, after all. Does that answer all of your Tab and Slot questions?" Her voice was soft and reasonable, her posture relaxed and casual, but none of the people present had any doubt that she was seriously annoyed.

Tabby, her eyes on James, took a step back, but Terri actually moved closer to Sally. Terri's expression was contrite, however, and not challenging.

"Sally, I was just curious. I didn't mean to make anyone uncomfortable. I ... well, let's just say that I know how ... um, unusual situations can get between people who care about each other."

Sally cocked her head, searching Terri's face for a long moment. Then, surprising all of them, she smiled and gave Terri a peck on the cheek.

"It's okay, Terri."

Terri turned so red that James actually pictured her head bursting into flames and had to keep from laughing out loud, disguising his laugh as a cough.

Break was over and Mrs. Albright was calling them back to their desks, but many looks were exchanged and none of them thought that this was really over.

When school finished up at noon, the trio went outside to wait for Ada and the twins for their mother. Tabbi and Terri standing to the side, heads together and talking while the trio were simply waiting silently.

Ada pulled up a few moments later and, as the three stood to walk over to her car, Tabby jogged over to them.

"Look, we are having a pool party on Saturday. Would you guys like to come? Bring Stacy too." she looked earnest, but James was immediately uncomfortable with the idea.

He took a peek inside her head, just skimming her surface thoughts, and was able to relax, a little anyway. He had wondered if the twins had concocted some way of embarrassing them, or maybe displaying them to their friends, but the truth was altogether different. They were new in town and didn't really have many friends. They had invited some of the neighbor kids over for a pool party, mostly to get to know them, and they thought that having some familiar faces there would make things a little more comfortable.

"I think that would be fun." he said, surprising Zoe and Sally who had read his spike of unease at the suggestion. He sent a flash to both of them, showing them what he had seen and saw them relax.

"What time should we come over?" Zoe asked, all smiles. "Oh, and we need an address! Give it to us tomorrow, Momma Ada is waiting for us."

The twins nodded and waved as they headed over to their own ride.

For the rest of the week, the twins kept their questions to normal teen things, avoiding the previous discussion, and the four girls spent the breaks talking about music and swimming suits and what kinds of food they were going to serve. James found out he had been tasked with bringing some soda and chips, and had been volunteered to man the grill, being the only boy who was absolutely certain to be there.

Stacy was ambivalent about the whole thing. On one hand, she liked a pool party as much as the next girl, but on the other, her situation with James was a bit unusual. James and Zoe were five years younger and, while she loved them and loved being with them, the thought of hanging around a bunch of other kids that age was a little daunting.

'You are so much more mature than any sixteen year old I ever met, James. When I was sixteen, I didn't want to hang around with sixteen year olds and the thought of doing it now is just ... kinda yech.' she explained, feeling a little embarrassed.

'Every boy there will be panting after you and ignoring the other girls though.' James said, teasing her a bit. 'The thought of a college woman who deigned to give them even a moment of time? The other girls would be green with jealousy. Not to mention the way you can fill out a bikini!'

Zoe and Sally giggled, Zoe sliding her hands under her shirt to mime having larger breasts like her sister's.

Stacy shot them a look filled with venom, but the corner of her mouth was twitching, trying not to rise into a full-blown smile.

'Okay, but you have to protect me from hormonal teenage lotharios.' she said, glaring at James.

James just smiled and flexed, his biceps straining the material of the shirt he was wearing.

'Jimbo protect! Jimbo woman no worry.'

Stacy rolled her eyes, but then relented and laid a brain numbing kiss on him.

"Okay girls, time to go bikini shopping." she announced, her face breaking out into a predatory grin. "We are going to own this party."

"Not me." Sally said, looking disinterested.

"But..." Zoe started, but Sally's expression stopped her before she could complete that thought. 'Sally?' she sent mentally, her concern coloring her question.

'Leave it be, sister.' Sally replied, turning away.

Zoe exchanged glances with Stacy, shrugging. Stacy stared after Sally, her eyebrows pinched together and concern on her face.

'Look after her, lover. Something ... odd.'

Stacy and Zoe left, leaving James standing there in the entry way, a worried expression on his face. He could feel Sally in the living room, so he followed her and, when he saw her sitting sideways in an arm chair, her feet draped over the arm, he plopped down on the couch.

"What to talk about it?"

"Tell me about the tattoos." she said, ignoring his question. She was staring at the ceiling instead of looking at him, and James knew that she did that when she was unsure of herself.

"You were there. You heard about the ink, saw the girls getting inked. What else is there to know?"

"Why you wanted them to get tattoos."

"Whoa ... wait just a second. First, I didn't want them to get tattoos, they wanted tattoos. It was my idea to combine the tattoo idea with the bracelet I made for Zoe. It was all to find a way to extend our range without something bad happening. Zoe told you about the seizure she had, right?"

"What if I don't want a tattoo?" she asked, her voice soft.

"Then don't get one. I'll have to find a job where you can come to work with me. Maybe I can find a job that I can work from home." James said, his tone reasonable.

Sally was silent for a long time, one foot idly kicking, bouncing on the padding of the chair arm.

"Can I cuddle with you?" Sally said finally, breaking the silence, but still not meeting his gaze.

"Of course you can, Sally. Any time you want." James said earnestly.

Sally was in his lap in an instant, curled up into a little ball, her head on his chest. James stroked her hair, then her back, not saying anything at all.

"I'm afraid."

"I know."

"But I love you." she sounded annoyed, as if this was not what she wanted.

"Do you wish that you didn't? I don't know if I can change something like that."

"No, it feels nice. But I am still afraid."

James sat for a minute, mulling this over. Then, as if the proverbial light bulb had come on in his head, he thought he knew. At least, he thought he had another clue, thought still not the full picture.

"You don't want the tattoo because you are afraid it will let me push you away."

Sally stilled, not moving for a long minute, then he could feel her shrug.

"Can I see inside your head? Really inside."

"Of course."

She shook her head impatiently.

"You started it all. You are the ... pro ... progenitor? Yeah, the progenitor. You are the strongest and you can show only what you want to show. But you can waltz into my mind, or Zoe's or Stacy's and find whatever you want, take what you want. I need to see the real you. I need to know."

James, his mind dredging up the horror he had felt after the Mall incident, after he had killed two people. quailed at exposing this fragile girl. The memories he had seen of Evers's victims, that still haunted his nightmares, were another thing he wasn't sure she was ready for. Could he refuse? If he did, would she ever really trust him?

"Sally, there are things in there that I am not proud of, things I have seen and done that might shock you, might even disgust you. Memories that aren't my own, that I took from a really bad guy. Are you sure you are ready for this? I am afraid for you." he admitted, holding his breath while she appeared to think it over.

"I need to know." she said again.

James widened the link, making it appear in their minds as if it were a corridor. He took her hand and led her down the hall, pointing out the places in his mind where memories were stored, the places she could go to see his surface thoughts. He showed her how he read emotions, how he visualized them as glowing ribbons of color. He even showed her how she could go deep, deeper than he had allowed her to see. He showed how she could actually see the nerve impulses that traveled to every part of his body, pointing out his limbs, even his heart.

Then, with a deep breath, he stood back. He gestured towards the vast expanse in front of them and let her go.

He couldn't actually leave, it was his head after all, but he could keep silent. He neither helped nor hindered, merely watching as she explored.

She dipped into his memories, watched him learning to ride a bike. She experienced his first crush and his first kiss. She even watched him masturbate, seeing the images he was imagining at the time.

She skipped around, watching through his eyes as Zoe pulled her from the bed and took her to her own room to make love. She watched as he realized, back on that fateful day in high school, how he could project emotions. She saw the Mall.

James, his heart in his throat, was quiet through it all. He watched, waiting, praying she would come out of this with, if not understanding, at least no additional trauma.

Sally began to hunt, looking for specific instances now. She found Evers, and seemed to spend a long time reviewing those memories. Then she looked for and found the day that James had pulled her out of her catalepsy, seeing it from his point of view.

Sally looked through his eyes when she sent to him for the first time as he sat by the tree. She saw the joy in his heart, the pride and the love he had for all of them. When that memory had finished playing, she simply stood there, her eyes closed, for what seemed like a very long time.

When Sally disengaged, she didn't speak to him at all, just cuddled up even closer, one arm wrapped around his chest, until James could feel her dropping off to sleep.

Stacy and Zoe returned in a whirlwind of shopping bags and giggles. They flounced into the living room, collapsing on the loveseat.

"We have returned victorious! We would have been back sooner, but it was harder than I thought to find a place near here that would do a Brazilian." Stacy said, annoyance in her voice.

"A what?"

Zoe goggled at him for a moment, then both girls started laughing.

'Come upstairs and let us show you.' Zoe sent, her tone teasing.

James, his curiosity piqued, looked down to see Sally awake and looking back at him. She grinned, then uncurled herself, stretching and yawning.

When she climbed down from his lap, James stood and stretched as well, then gestured towards the stairs, very curious about what they couldn't show him here in the living room.

They got as far as the kitchen.

"Dinner is ready." Ailene called out, and James had to stifle a groan.

As they ate dinner, James found himself looking at Sally more and more. He was dying to know what she thought about everything she had seen. Had it made a difference at all? Had it made things better? Worse? He had made a conscious decision to stay the hell out of her head as much as possible, wanting her to feel safe and secure in her own thoughts, especially after all he had done, but the urge was almost overwhelming.

"James ... JAMES!" Stacy was looking at him with a strange expression on her face.

"Did you even hear a word I just said?" she sounded exasperated.

"Sure. Yeah ... no." he admitted with a grin, shrugging his shoulders.

"Men! I asked about your swimsuit. You do have one, right? What has got you all lost in thought?"

James deliberately didn't look towards Sally and shrugged again. He tried to play it off instead, leering at Stacy and Zoe.

"Just thinking about bikinis and whatever that Brazilian thing is you were going to show me."

"JAMES!" This time it was Zoe, and the look on her face was priceless!

"What??" he asked, not sure what set her off. Zoe and Stacy had both blushed bright red and were sneaking glances at their mother.

He turned to look at Ailene, and noted the unsuccessfully hidden smirk on her face. He wasn't sure exactly what a Brazilian was, but evidently it was something that one did not speak of in front of parents. Now he really wanted to know!

Meanwhile, Sally was outright laughing, though she was covering her mouth and trying to hide it.

"We should make him wait until the party." Zoe said, turning to face Stacy.

"I think you are right. In fact, he can sleep alone in your room until then." Stacy said, wrinkling her nose at him.

"Hey! What did I do? It is not my fault that you didn't tell me. You were all mysterious and "Let's go upstairs so I can show you." How was I to know it was something that you wouldn't want to talk about in front of your mother? I thought it was like a thong bathing suit or something." he grumped, sticking his tongue out at the pair.

"James, a Braz ... you know what?" Ailene paused, looking thoughtfully at the girls. "You started this, you can finish." she smirked again, then changed the subject. "Anyone up for desert? I bought this lovely peach cobbler at the market this afternoon."

James didn't have to sleep alone that night, but the girls were definitely set on torturing him. Coming out of the bathroom after getting ready for bed, all three were dressed in full pajamas.

The rest of the week passed slowly for him, the nights being the longest. He was determined not to give in and beg, or order in Zoe's case, for some loving. Sally had taken to snuggling in the big bed for a while each evening before slipping out and moving into Zoe's room, often with Zoe or Stacy as a bedmate. The whole situation was frustrating on many levels.

Saturday finally rolled around and they left the house early, needing to stop and purchase the supplies they had agreed to bring. The drive wasn't all that far, about ten miles, so they made it in plenty of time, arriving early as agreed, the girls wanting to help the twins set everything up.

The twin's house was about the same size as James's parents, but the back yard was larger and featured a massive pool, complete with a water slide, a diving board, a Jacuzzi that was semi-connected and even a little grotto under a pile of concrete faux boulders.

Tabby and Terri had set up a stereo on a table just outside the sliding glass doors, and had two more folding tables set up with various snacks, condiments and the rest of the gear for an outside party.

James tried to be discreet, but he was definitely checking out the two redheads. Both were wearing shorts and bikini tops, and both had toned, fit bodies that were a lot of fun to look at.

He was mostly relegated to lifting things up, moving them around, and setting them down again. The gaggle of girls had decided that anything requiring muscle should be left to him, and anything that required brainpower, or taste, was their own domain. He was mostly satisfied with the division of labor, especially when he caught them asking him to move things that didn't really need to be moved, usually followed by whispered conversations and lots of giggling. And not just the twins!

The rest of the neighborhood kids started to show up about an hour later, wandering in two or three at a time until there were at least twenty people there. Stacy was pleased to see that there were some college age people coming as well, including a guy she kinda knew from campus. They hadn't been friends but, after playing twenty questions, they realized that they had actually attended the same class the previous semester.

Most of the kids were in the thirteen to seventeen range though, and they all seemed to know each other. The twins appeared to be a hit with the guys, though that was no surprise to James, and the girls from the neighborhood spent a lot of time glaring at the newcomers, including Zoe, Stacy and Sally.

When the twins kicked off their shorts and dove into the pool, the rest seemed to follow suit and James finally got to see the bikinis that his girls had chosen.

Stacy's suit was emerald green and she looked spectacular. Easily the bustiest of the party goers, her top was barely enough to hold things in place, but just large enough to be acceptable. Her bottoms were high cut along the hip, exposing a lot of skin but again, covering enough to keep from getting arrested.

Zoe's suit was blindingly white and showed off her tan. Cut along the same lines as Stacy's, her top was not quite as revealing, but the rest was nothing short of mouth watering.

Sally was a surprise, since she had stayed home with James. Stacy and Zoe had purchased her a matching suit in a cobalt blue, and James was a little ashamed to admit that he hadn't noticed all of the weight she had lost. She had been a little skinnier when she started coming around again after her dad left, but the emotional turmoil had caused her to shed enough weight so that she was no longer pudgy, having moved right over into absolutely curvy. Very sexy curves at that!

James had just started the grill, lighting the charcoal, when his ladies called for him to join them in the pool. A game of chicken was being organized and Zoe wanted him as a mount. He stripped off his shirt, leaving just his swim trunks, and jumped into the pool. When he came up and shook the water from his eyes, it was to see eight young women, all standing side by side, staring at him.

He looked behind him, thinking maybe he had lost his trunks, or someone new had come out, but when he turned back, they were all giving him a thumbs up!

Zoe. Stacy and the twins were giggling, three of the neighborhood girls were definitely giving him the eye and Sally had an odd smile on her face. It was enough to make a monk blush.

"I told you. Once you get him out of those baggy clothes he wears..." Zoe said to the others, "you get to see why I am always smiling." she finished smugly, then spoiled it by laughing.

The chicken game turned out to be a lot of fun. Zoe and James won three straight, causing the other girls to demand the institution of a 'New Round, New Partners' rule. None of the guys seemed to mind, the opportunity to have a different pretty girl's thighs around their necks made it seem like a great idea to them!

By the time people started getting tired, the charcoal was ready and James had to tend the grill. He went to put his shirt back on but Zoe and Stacy protested, slathering him with sun screen instead and making him cook bare-chested, to the loud applause of the twins.

After everyone had eaten their fill and James had cooked his last burgers and hotdogs, and gotten a chance to eat finally, the twins switched on the music and several couples began to dance. He watched with interest as several couples paired off, some sitting together in loungers, some making out in the pool. Others made it perfectly clear that George Bernard Shaw's famous quote, "Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire." was as true today as it was back in Shaw's era.

Stacy and Zoe were out there, laughing and shaking their assets to the music. James even got up and danced a few times, though he always felt horribly out of step when he tried. The slow dances were much better, and he grinned when the two always came to him for the slow ones, refusing the other guys. He couldn't help but feel special when two of the prettiest girls at the party were dancing cheek to cheek with him, the eyes of all the other party goers following them around the makeshift dance floor.

Sally had been out dancing as well, laughing and having a good time. She spent most of her time with either Stacy and Zoe, or Terri and Tabby, though he saw her once or twice dancing a fast dance with one of the boys. When it came time for the slow dances, she would always take a break, sipping a soda or simply sitting and watching everyone dance. James tried to entice her out on the dance floor with him, but she would just shake her head and smile.

As the afternoon wore on and the planned quitting time drew closer, more and more couples were forming and the slow songs were more and more frequent. When Tabby paused the tunes to announce the last dance, James was surprised to feel someone tap him on the shoulder.

Sally stood there looking uncomfortable, a vulnerable expression on her face. With a soft smile, James took her hand and led her to the dance floor, pulling her close, though not as close as he had been dancing with the others, and waited for the music to start.

When the haunting melody started, James met Sally's eyes and grinned. Joe Cocker's voice floated through the air and they began to dance.

You are so beautiful to me

You are so beautiful to me

Can't you see

You're everything I hope for

You're everything I need

You are so beautiful to me

As the song wound on, Sally seemed to relax, allowing herself to be drawn in. She molded herself to James and laid her head on his chest. They danced, losing track of everything and everyone else at the party and, as the last few notes sounded, Sally lifted her face to look at him. James, seeing something in her eyes, bent down and softly touched his lips to hers. Not even a kiss, not really, just a soft, barely perceptible touch, but it was enough. Sally smiled and stepped back, a light blush on her cheeks.

James felt like he had won the lottery.
Chapter 21 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 20 |   Bottom
Chapter 21
Posted: November 19, 2015 - 09:18:37 am
Updated: November 20, 2015 - 08:31:31 am

(Thanks to PapaKilo14 and Gordon Johnson for their editing help)

The four of them stayed around to help the twins cleanup after the party, picking up the inevitable litter, storing the supplies and left-over food and collapsing tables for storage. With six sets of hands, it didn't take long and when they were done, they piled into their SUV with the grateful thanks of their hostesses.

They were all worn out, a long day of sun, swimming and dancing had taken its toll, so the ride home was mostly silent.

'Zoe, did you have something to do with that last dance song selection?' James sent privately, the thought having bubbled up as he was thinking about what a good step forward Sally's reaction had been.

'I cannot tell a lie ... Stacy did it.' Zoe replied, a quiet laugh coloring her thoughts.

'Oh great, way to drop a dime on your sister.' Stacy grumped from behind the wheel, though there was no heat in the remark. 'Besides, it was you who pushed Sally to ask James for a dance.'

James didn't reply, seeming lost in thought. He was watching Sally from the corner of his eye and wondering if this was a real change or simply his own wishful thinking.

Bedtime that night didn't shed any light on the topic. In fact, it offered its own set of questions. Sally didn't snuggle with them that night, not even for a brief period, going straight to Zoe's old room accompanied by Stacy. That Stacy didn't come to bed at all, simply waving at Zoe and James when they reached the top of the stairs, made James realize that the melancholy he had felt from her may have had deeper roots than just the fatigue of a long day.

His dreams that night were far from restful.

Sunday was a lazy day around the house, no one seemed to have the energy to do much beside lounging in the living room with Ailene and Stewart after breakfast. Even the parents seemed to find it relaxing, asking a few questions about the party, but mostly just gossiping with the younger folks.

James did take a few minutes to have a private chat with Stacy though.

'Stacy ... can I ask?'

Stacy turned her head to look at him, her expression hesitant.

'I just wanted, no, needed a bit of quiet time. Sally is a very quiet sleeper, unlike the two of you.' she sent, a bit of amusement creeping in to her tone.

'I won't pry, but you know that you can talk to me about anything, right?'

'I know, James. It's just... ' she paused, her expression troubled. 'It was weird, seeing that guy I kinda knew from college. Not him, I mean I didn't even know the guy, but it was a reminder of what I left behind, I guess. I miss it, you know? I love you to death, and I wouldn't change a single second, wouldn't give up what we have for anything, but I still miss it.'

James had learned that sometimes women didn't want men to try and solve an issue, they just wanted someone to listen to them. He desperately wanted to offer a solution, or an idea, anything to make her smile, but he was afraid this was one of those times. Maybe he could draw her out though.

'Is it the challenge? Maybe the people, people your own age?'

'Yes, to both, I think. Part of it is that I feel like I lost something. I don't know if I can explain it. Here I am part of a group, a family. It is a wonderful feeling, the love I get from you and Zoe makes me feel unbelievable, like I am walking on air most of the time. I never imagined being so close to someone. I can't even imagine being apart from you, James. Hell, I go to the store and I find myself missing you. But I am part of a group, part of the triumvirate, now a foursome. Even in Mom's eyes, we are all one big headache for her.' her amusement was bitter-sweet.

'In college I was me. I had my own schedule, my own problems, my own goals and dreams. I was surrounded by all these people with plans, with grand schemes and hopes and dreams, but each one was different. It was lonely some times, and many times I wished for something, a fraction of what we have, but I still kind of miss it.'

She was quiet for a while, staring off into space. James just waited.

'I think it is a case of the 'What Ifs'. I went through something similar when I chose my college. My freshman year was crazy. Away from home the first time, lonely and a little afraid, but excited and pumped up with possibilities. I still wondered, 'What if I had stayed home?' I missed my friends from high school. 'What if I had chosen another college?' Would it have been better? Easier? More exciting?'

She trailed off again and James was content, for now, to let her work it through. He wanted her to be happy, but that was as dependent on her as much as it was on the rest of them.

He was surprised when, just a few minutes later, Stacy came to him and curled up in his lap. She mirrored the position that Sally loved, sitting crossways in his lap, her head on his shoulder, and she let out a contented sigh. All four of them had been sitting on the couch, with James on one end, Stacy on the other, Zoe and Sally in the middle.

Zoe looked surprised, but just grinned at her sister, grabbing her feet and stretching them out across her lap. Sally just watched, her expression curious, but she was leaning up against Zoe, her feet tucked under her, and didn't seem the least bit inclined to move.

'This is nice.' James commented, hugging her close and kissing her on the forehead. 'You never come and sit in my lap.'

'It was kind of Zoe's spot, then Sally claimed it. I decided that I deserve equal snuggles.' she said contentedly, nuzzling his neck.

'I love you, you know.' James said, stroking her hair.

'I know.'

Thanksgiving was just around the corner and both families had decided that it made more sense to get together as a large family rather than having two separate celebrations. All of the women seemed to find it perfectly normal to spend hour after hour discussing recipes, favorite dishes, decorations and even place settings. They were all excited about having a massive celebration and nothing could distract them

James, on the other hand, got something of a reprieve when his father decided that it was time for him to get his license, it having been delayed time and again by circumstance.

Unfortunately for James, his father didn't much trust Driver's Ed, and insisted on spending hours in the car with James behind the wheel before he would allow him to take the actual exam. While he intended for James to drive the family car for the test, he also insisted that he be proficient with the much larger Expedition.

Sally was surprisingly phlegmatic about the whole ordeal, forced to spend the same amount of time riding around in the back seat. James had not broached the idea of a tattoo to Sally again, after their short discussion several weeks before, though he knew that Zoe had discussed it with her. He thought that Sally would ask when she was ready.

The test went well, James aced the written portion and only got two points off the driving exam, both he felt were unmerited. Still, he passed and was a legal driver now which made him a happy guy. The driving lessons and studying for the test had helped him survive the week before thanksgiving, and with the planned festivities starting early tomorrow, he was more than happy to take Sally to the store for several forgotten or last minute items.

Thanksgiving day dawned bright and clear, and there was a schedule of events that were a mixture of family traditions. The Stanton/Darcy family usually spent the morning down at one of several shelters, Ailene feeling it was a good experience for the girls growing up. It had morphed into a tradition that they all enjoyed, and it was with high spirits that the Andersons joined them.

This year, they were volunteering at a soup kitchen, helping to prepare the meals for more than four hundred people that were expected to show up late in the afternoon. Both families arrived early, except for the two mothers who were putting turkeys and hams in various ovens at both houses before joining them. The morning was spent peeling potatoes, shredding lettuce, filling pie crusts, kneading bread dough and, just as importantly, chatting with the people that they only saw once a year.

In addition to helping prepare the food, the families had also brought a car load of badly needed items that would be handed out. Blankets, jackets, socks, under garments, soap, shampoo and razors were just a few of the things that they had collected over the year, and that had been donated by friends and coworkers.

James had been elected to do all the lifting, of course, and he spent most of the morning carrying box after box of items into the building, then unloading other vehicles who had arrived with donations.

Most would be categorized, sorted, boxed up and stored for future needs, but much of it needed to be bagged to make sure that each person who came could get what they really needed.

At first, James just put himself on autopilot, lifting and shifting as ordered, but as he worked he started to chat with other volunteers, including some of the homeless folks who gave back to the soup kitchen and shelter by doing needed chores.

He heard the stories of men and woman who had lost jobs, lost families, been seduced by alcohol and drugs. He also heard the unspoken stories, letting his senses reach out, sampling the emotions and surface thoughts of the people when they spoke.

Some were truly grateful, some were resentful. A few people told a good story, but their internal dialogs were muddled and often resentful. The ones that really tugged at his heart strings were those who were honestly victims of circumstance. Lost jobs, mounting debt, lost homes and, in many cases, lost loved ones, all served to grind them down, to leave them homeless and without much hope.

It was all well and good to pretend that the street people were shiftless, lazy addicts that just needed a shower and a job, that being a popular sentiment these days among politicians. But James got to see people who were so beaten, so bloodied and damaged by the trials they had faced, that they didn't have the will, the strength to lift their heads, much less raise a hand to be counted. Some had devolved into almost mindless, shambling hulks, their psychoses taking hold and supplanting rational thought.

What really struck him was that had he not had Stacy and Zoe, and to a lesser but still important extent, the two sets of parents, he might have been one of these poor people. Lost to the madness, institutionalized and then discharged when funding dried up, many relegated to living on the streets. Sally had been there as well, on the brink for a while.

It was in a very somber mood, grateful beyond words but still deeply affected by what he had seen and experienced, that he joined his family as they finished up at noon and headed home for their own celebrations.

Neither of the families were particularly religious and a prayer before a meal was almost unheard of, so it was a surprise to everyone when the families sat down to dinner, later that afternoon, that James stood and tapped on his glass to get their attention.

"After this morning, our family joining in on the Darcy tradition of giving back to the community, it struck me how very fortunate we are. I would like to suggest a new tradition, one we can all share. I would like to share with you what I am thankful for this year."

He looked around the table, meeting the eyes of each person, seeking approval and smiling when they all nodded.

"This has been an ... unusual year, and a very challenging one. There have been some events that no one could have foreseen, and some crises that, without the love and support of the people here at this table, might have turned out much different. When I think about my breakdown, about how far I fell in so short a time, and how, if it were not for the people here at this table, I might have been one of the folks we were helping this morning ... I can't begin to tell you how much I love you all, and how grateful I am that you are in my life."

James shook his head and let out a big sigh. "Of course," he thought. "Everything was way too calm around here, we were due for some excitement." He grumped for a minute, but he couldn't even convince himself that he was upset. The truth was that he was excited about this new opportunity, even if he did have a few misgivings.

The day after thanksgiving, the families gathered at the Darcy house to share leftovers and just hang out, and a knock at the door startled all of them. They were not expecting anyone, and a knock on a day like that almost certainly spelled trouble.

Stewart answered the door and James sent out a pulse, curious and not inclined to be patient. What he found was certainly unexpected, but not unwelcome. Captain Donovan Manning, head of the Homicide Bureau of the San Diego police department, had come by looking specifically for him.

'It's Manning.' James sent to Stacy, Zoe, Sally and his mother before lifting Sally off of his lap and setting her onto Stacy's. He was halfway to the door when Stewart came from the entry way, Manning trailing.

"James, this police officer was asking for you." Stewart said, his expression hard to read, but his emotions were grim.

James just nodded and motioned over his shoulder at the family room where everyone else was gathered. "Might as well take it in there so we don't have to repeat everything multiple times." he said.

Once James was seated back on the couch, Stewart in his armchair and Manning perched on a kitchen chair that Ailene had grabbed, James looked at Manning expectantly.

Manning looked a little concerned, his gaze roaming the faces in the room, some of whom he had never met. The question on his mind was obvious, so James answered it without waiting for him to ask.

"Captain Donovan Manning, Homicide Bureau, San Diego PD, these are my future in-laws, the Darcy's, Ailene and Stewart." he said, pointing them out. Then he pointed at his father and then at Sally.

"This is my father and attorney, David Anderson and this is Sally, who recently joined our family." He didn't explain that any further. not wanting to go over that right then.

Manning took a breath and let it out in a whoosh, nodding to all of them.

"James, I tried everything I could. No department will touch you since you are under age. None of the departments I spoke to were interested in a new, untried contractor whose only agent was a single person, Stacy. So, after asking for advice from people I trust, I took the only option left to me. I put in my retirement papers."

James felt like someone had kicked him in the chest. He hadn't realized exactly how much he had been depending on the career officer to help kick-start this new career. Then he froze, his eyes snapping to the newly retired detective. He was hiding something, something he was excited about!

"There is a long history of retired officers joining, or starting, consulting firms. These firms even get preferential treatment when it comes time to choose a firm for a specific job or contract." Manning finished with a grin.

"I'm sorry, but what does this have to do with our kids?" Ailene asked.

"Ailene, Captain Manning figured out that we were the ones who captured the serial kidnapper. He came to us because his daughter was one of the victims, and he thinks we can be a great help in getting others like him off the street." James said, then continued, filling the others in on the discussions they had been having.

"This is not as crazy as it sounds, Ailene." Ada said. "I laid conditions on James being involved, primarily that they are never to be on the streets chasing criminals, that they use the gifts they have for things like interrogations. Frankly, I never expected this to get even this far, but I told the Captain to come back with a plan that doesn't expose them to danger and we could discuss it further. Of course, this is only binding on James, and you would have to feel comfortable about Zoe's involvement."

"So this retirement bid. Are you joining an existing firm or starting one?" Stewart chimed in.

"That is what I need to discuss with the three, um, four? of them. And you, as parents of course. I have twenty-eight years on the force and my retirement benefits increase one percent for every year I was on the force after twenty, capping at thirty years. My retirement papers allow me to stay until I hit the thirty year mark, but also give me the option of accepting the lower percentage with thirty days notice. So...

"I am willing to give up the extra two percent if James, Stacy, Zoe and maybe Sally, are clear to start working on cases. The sooner the better, in my mind. I would start my own consulting firm and, with my contacts, I have a great chance of finding work with departments up and down the coast, even inland. Once I have shown what we, they, can do, we could get contracts nation-wide, perhaps, eventually, internationally."

"Three of them are sixteen and need parental consent to work." David pointed out.

"And that is the other part of this. If you won't consent, and I understand your concerns as a parent, then I stay until I hit thirty years and they graduate. While I know that this cannot be your primary concern, we could get a lot of bad people off the streets in two years."

"Captain Manning, " James started to say, but paused when the man held up his hand.

"I would like it if you would all call me Don."

"Okay, Don. This will be your company. You are starting it with your own funds and your contacts will be what gets the jobs in the first place. What is our stake in this?"

David looked proudly at his son. "Excellent question, James!"

"I envisioned retaining a forty percent stake in the new company, with twenty percent going to each of you, since you are the 'Talent'. The actual command structure is not set, though I would necessarily be the face of the company, with Stacy, perhaps, being my deputy as she is already of legal age. This was, of course, before Sally, so we will have to talk. That is assuming you want to take part in this, Sally?"

All eyes turned to Sally and she seemed to shrink back a bit, her eyes growing wider. She turned to look at Stacy.

'Do I?'

'It is up to you, baby girl. Do you want to work with us, help put bad guys in prison?' Stacy almost added, "like your father." but bit her tongue, praying that Sally didn't see that flashing across her mind.

Sally turned back to Manning and nodded.

"I don't think changing the percentages is needed. We can keep it as is, with the four of us getting sixty percent in total." James said, looking thoughtful.

"Assuming for the moment we agree to this, how long would it take to get an effort like this off the ground?" David asked.

"Probably six months or so. I have to remain until January first, even if I told them tomorrow that I wanted to retire. Then I would have to free up funds from my investments, file for business licenses, go through the state licensing process and background investigation." Manning shrugged. "It could be soon as April or as late as June or July before we could start taking cases."

"Mr. Manning, Don, I think we are going to need some time to discuss this among ourselves. I want to get some opinions from the other partners at my law firm as well. Since this is not going to kick off tomorrow no matter what, I would like to table this until after the holidays." David suggested.

James knew his father well enough to know that when he was wearing his lawyer hat, nothing he could say would change his mind, so he held his tongue. At least he hadn't said no!

"I don't have problem with that. Why don't I contact you after the first of the year and we can sit down, answer any questions you might have, hammer out any difficulties you might discover." Manning said reasonably, though he was smiling now. "Of course, you are all invited. As parents, you four have a duty to be involved and, of course, these four would be intimately involved in the actual business."

"Now that business is out of the way, can we offer you some pie and coffee?" Ada said with a smile. "It is the day after Thanksgiving and we have lots of left-overs."

After Manning left, the discussion carried late into the evening, with the parents united behind a wait and see attitude. They wanted to get advice from lawyers who had more experience in the criminal justice system before they came to any conclusions.

James was still pretty stoked about the prospect and the girls all seemed to share his enthusiasm, except for Sally who seemed undecided. She had not had the same experience, the first hand exposure to the concentrated evil that was Leo Jackson Evers's mind, so the rest were understanding.

When they all trudged upstairs to get ready for bed, James got another surprise. This time, when he came out of the bathroom, Zoe and Stacy were heading into Zoe's room and Sally was laying on the bed in Stacy's, waiting for him.

He crawled up in the bed and saw that the covers had been turned down, and that Sally was laying on her side, her head propped on her elbow, just watching him. She was dressed in an over-large t-shirt but, because of the way she was laying, James couldn't help but notice that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her breasts were tenting the material of the shirt, and there was just enough sag to catch his eye.

He tried to avoid staring, and simply lay down next to her, mirroring her position on the bed, then pulling the covers up over them both.

'I can't help but be flattered, and a little curious.' he sent, their eyes locked.

Sally shrugged, then looked away.

'Zoe's idea or yours?' he tried again.

'It's okay though, right? I am trying, James.' Sally replied quietly, diffidently.

'Is it okay if I ask questions?'

Sally nodded, meeting his eyes again.

'I was wondering if it is because I am, um ... in a position of power. If I was a regular boy, would this be as hard for you?'

Sally didn't answer for a while, her eyes going unfocused and James could sense she was thinking, considering, but he refused to look, refused to peek.

'Why don't you just do that? Look inside, find your answers?' she asked, staring at him curiously.

'Haven't I done that enough? Mucked about in your head enough? I would think that offering you the privacy of your thoughts would be what you wanted.'

'What if I wanted you to. What if I wanted you to go in there and tear it all out. To make me not afraid any more. To make me love you unconditionally. What if I wanted what Zoe has, but for real? Could you do that? Would you?' she asked, her face animated and her eyes bright.

It was James's turn to look inward. The very idea was abhorrent to him, the anathema of everything he should stand for, but there was a little part of him that found the idea attractive, that same part of him that created the Rage.

Would he do that if she asked? Could he live with himself after? Could he even do that without damaging her beyond repair? Was a woman's happiness worth his soul?

'I don't know, Sally. I don't know if I could live with myself.' he admitted. 'Do I have the right to do that to someone, whether they ask for it or not?'

'You took control and crippled Leo Evers. You forced him to do what you wanted, tortured him to get him to comply. This would be voluntary.'

He didn't reply, rolling over on his back and staring at the ceiling, thinking about what she said. Was it a matter of degrees, as she suggested or was it justified because he was a bad person, but not justified because she was a good one? Where do you draw the line?

Sally rolled over on her other side, curling up under the covers.

James watched her, thinking how very alone she looked, and laid a hand on her shoulder. Sally reached up and covered his had with her own, then tugged on it, pulling him closer. James rolled up behind her, spooning with her and draping his arm over her waist.

When morning came and he woke up, he was still in the same position, but with his left arm outstretched and Sally using it for a pillow. His right arm was around her, cupping one of her firm breasts, the nipple erect and poking into his palm. His morning erection was nestled between her butt cheeks, the t-shirt having migrated upwards to her waist during the night. She wasn't wearing underwear and he had to stifle a groan as the feeling of her soft skin against his cock sent thrill through him.

Feeling guilty for taking advantage during the night, even if he had done it in his sleep, he started to shift his hips away from hers and withdraw his right hand, releasing the hold he hand on her breast.

Sally's hands, one on his right, holding him to her breast and one reaching behind her, grabbed his hips, trying to pull him closer again.

'That feels nice.' she sent, 'You don't have to move.'

'I must have been having a good dream.' he ventured, letting his embarrassment show through so she would know he hadn't intended to molest her in her sleep.

'I don't mind. It makes me feel warm inside. A little squishy in my pussy, but mostly warm.' she giggled, wiggling her hips against him.

James relaxed a bit, pressing his lips against the back her neck for a brief moment before pressing up against her with a happy sigh.

Neither of them took it any further, content to just lay like that, snuggled and warm. When the door opened and the room invaded by his lovers, they both giggled as Zoe and Stacy dove on the bed, burying them both in a pile of squirming bodies, a blizzard of kisses and a few gropes.

'We couldn't stand it anymore.' Stacy sent, kissing James soundly. 'I missed you guys.'

'Yeah! Stacy is a bed hog and you weren't there to protect me.' Zoe grumped, tickling her sister. When James kissed Zoe as well, his eyes went wide and he stared at her in surprise.

'Based on that unique combination of flavors, ' he sent with a wicked grin, 'you weren't missing me all that much.'

Stacy was blushing but Zoe looked unrepentant. 'Since you weren't there for your special wake up blowjob, I had to do something!'

James felt a hand on his cock and was grinning until he realized that both Stacy and Zoe were on top of the covers. The only people under the blankets were him and ... Sally.

He whipped his head sideways to see her laying there with a small grin on her face. She turned to Zoe. 'He's ready for you.' she sent, and lifted the covers, offering her place.

Zoe, her eyes wide but with a pleased smile, plastered her lips to Sally's and kissed her soundly. The two kept up the clinch for several minutes as Sally's hand continued to slowly stroke James's cock. When they broke the kiss, both of them breathless, Zoe rubbed her nose against Sally's and smiled at her.

'Are you next?' she asked, passion and desire in her voice.

Sally shrugged, then nodded, sneaking a glance sideways at James. He just smiled at her, encouraging her.

Zoe, with an expression of glee, kissed her again and dove beneath the covers, taking James into her mouth.

He had woken up horny, the feel of Sally's ass against him, the touch of her breast, both had served to get him worked up even if he had tried to hide it from the shy girl. Zoe's masterful technique had him ready to blow in just a couple of minutes.

'Let me have it, Master. Let me taste you. Shoot into my mouth, use me as a vessel for your cum!' Zoe sent as she began to work faster, sucking, urging him to blow.

Stacy had her eyes closed, one hand tweaking her nipples, the other furiously rubbing her pussy and James could feel her in the link between him and Zoe, and could tell that Zoe was sharing with Sally as well. Just the thought was enough to make him lose control.

'I am about to cum for you, slut! Suck it down, drink it!' he sent, knowing that it would make Zoe crazy. He was right and in seconds he was shooting his seed into her mouth, the pleasure of it overwhelming him.

Zoe, her mouth full of his cum, pulled off and moved quickly to Sally, capturing her mouth and sharing the cum with the girl. James could feel the momentary panic, then acceptance that rapidly turned to lust. Sally was overwhelmed by the kiss, by the taste of him on her lips, but the milky fluid that dribbled from Zoe's mouth into hers.

When Zoe finished feeding James's cum to Sally, she quickly slid down and latched on to Sally's pussy, driving her tongue deep inside, her fingers rubbing the girl's clit with abandon.

James, keeping his link with both of them active, rolled over and duplicated Zoe's efforts on Stacy, pushing her hands away and driving his own tongue into his older lover. When his fingers started rubbing her clit and his other hand started tickling her asshole, probing and pushing, Stacy arched her back and came with a scream, her hands holding his face in place while her hips ground against him.

Sally was right there behind her, an unending whimper that ascended into a high-pitched squeal. "ZOE!!!!!"

When Stacy and Sally collapsed, Zoe pulled away and assumed the position in front of James, knees spread, head down, hands on her thighs and her pussy leaking big drops of dew onto the sheets.

'Master, please?' she sent, quivering with need.

James grabbed her and spun her around him, landing on top of the girl he didn't even wait, spearing her wet pussy with his cock, burying himself inside her to the hilt. When his groin hit hers, scraping her clit with his pubic hair and the head of his cock slamming into her cervix, Zoe screamed and came, her orgasm causing her to bathe his cock and balls in a warm rush of fluid.

James just smiled and hooked her legs over his shoulders, bending her in half, her own thighs pressed against her breasts, her knees by her own ears and he began to pound her.

'Oh fuck, yes. YES! Fuck me, Master! Use me, fill me, treat me like a slut! Pound my sloppy cunt and shoot your cum in me!' Zoe was panting, her hips hunching to meet him trying to get even more of his cock inside. Stacy had rolled over and knelt between his legs, her tongue taking long licks from Zoe's asshole to his balls, licking and teasing, her fingers stroking. Sally had latched her lips on to Zoe's, their tongues fighting for supremacy.

The feeling of the four of them, the lust and passion feeding back from all of the women, drove James into a frenzy. He wasn't a man, he was a fucking machine, pounding the girl beneath him, his only desire to cum, to fill her with his seed. When it came, it poured out of him in a torrent, filling her up.

When Zoe felt his cum shooing into her, splashing off her cervix, she surged, trying to slam his hips into hers and she came again, screaming into Sally's mouth.

James, completely drained, simply rolled sideways, his still hard cock slipping out of Zoe and waving in the air. Zoe's legs fell to the bed, a big dollop of cum leaking out of her red and abused pussy, heading for the sheets.

Stacy reached out and caught it on her fingers, then reached further, sticking her cum covered fingers into Zoe's mouth, making the girl moan. Zoe grabbed her wrist with both hands, holding it steady while she cleaned her fingers, sucking each one like a little cock.

Surprising everyone, James most of all, Sally crawled between Zoe's legs and began to eat her, sticking her tongue deep inside Zoe's pussy, sucking James's cum out and swallowing it with apparent relish. Zoe just groaned, twining her fingers in Sally's hair and whimpering.

When Zoe came again, Sally flipped over on to her back, her own breath ragged, and just lay there, a satisfied smile on her face. James, half hard again after watching Sally attack Zoe's pussy, just stared at her with a smile on his face.

'That was ... amazing.' he sent to all of them.

'Good morning, Master' Zoe had a satisfied grin on her face as she looked at him.

Good morning, lover.' Stacy was just smiling, licking her lips.

'Good morning, Daddy!'

The shocked silence and the look on Zoe's and Stacy's faces made James wish he had a camera.

'Good morning, my loves.'
Chapter 22 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 21 |   Bottom
Chapter 22
Posted: November 30, 2015 - 08:36:57 am

When James got up to run in the morning, waking before Zoe for once, he extracted himself from the pile of sleeping girls and stood there for a moment looking fondly at them. He couldn't help but admire the sight, three sexy, sleepy woman and he had half a mind to dive back in. He had been horribly lax in his exercise regimen though and, with a sigh of regret, he threw on some shorts, a shirt and his shoes and headed out.

As he ran on the treadmill, his mind wandered back to his discussion with Sally the night before. He was still distinctly uncomfortable with the whole idea, but Sally had a compelling argument. If he continued down this road, helping the soon to be retired detective track down monsters, he would do the same again, maybe even worse. He might even be called on to repeat what he had done in the mall on that fateful day.

It wasn't much of a leap from thinking about outright killing someone, even if they deserved to die, to the act of enslavement. Would enslaving someone against their will be better than killing them? What if the person were not wholly responsible and death was not warranted? Could he really enforce behavior patterns without going all the way?

He needed to develop some guidelines, a code to go by. Up to now, he had been winging it, deciding on the fly as the circumstances directed. Evers was a case in point. He had never considered the kinds of things he did to Evers, but at the time, it all made sense. The same with Sally, when he dove in, with the assistance of his mates, and pulled her out of her mental prison.

That brought up another conundrum. Stacy and Zoe were people, individuals with their own personalities, their own dreams and standards, yet they had deferred to him every time. If he made a decision, they were sure to back him even if they might have private reservations. Was this a by-product of the link, of him being the lynch pin in their group? Or did they defer to him because they really thought he knew best?

He found that he really needed some outside advice, some third party that could be objective about this. He wanted to bounce ideas off someone who was not intimately involved. The problem would be finding such a person, and trusting that person. Whoever it was would know the intimate details of his abilities and his links to the girls. They would be in a position to cause an inordinate amount of trouble and pain to his new family.

Where do you find a mentor when the abilities in question were not supposed to exist?

The girls were up and getting ready for the day when he finished his run, and he slipped into the shower just as Stacy climbed out, sharing a loving kiss as they passed the bathroom.

When he was clean and dressed, he went down to find that breakfast was almost ready, so he helped himself to a glass of orange juice and sat at the table, taking a few minutes to read the newspaper that Stewart had left there.

Buried beneath the fold on page two, a story caught his eyes. A homeless teen had been found dead, raped and strangled, beneath an overpass in a rundown part of town. The picture accompanying the story showed an attractive brunette, about sixteen, and something about the image made him stop and read the article again.

'Ladies, does this girl look at all familiar? Maybe from the shelter?' he sent to the three of them.

'That could be Amanda. She was there at the shelter to eat, but she left right after.' Stacy answered. She sent him a memory of a thin, waif-like girl with dirty hair tucked up under a ballcap. She was dressed in rags that had not seen soap in a long time, and slunk through the room, avoiding contact with everyone, until she got a tray of food.

James vaguely remembered seeing her, but couldn't put his finger on why this was poking at him. What about this girl was different? Then it came to him and he shivered.

He had been moving around crates of items that had been donated and he remembered feeling a prickle, a tingle in his spine that was right at the edge of his awareness. He had spun in place, still holding the heavy crate, and scanned the room. The girl had been crouched down near a stack of boxes, looking as if she was trying not to draw attention to herself. She had been staring right at him.

When he met her gaze, the girl had ducked behind the crates and vanished. He remembered shaking it off, his mind on the two dozen more crates he had to move, and he had gone back to his task.

Now, sitting here waiting for breakfast, he recognized what he'd missed the day before. It had not just been some instinctual awareness of being watched, she'd managed to touch his psi abilities somehow. He had no way of knowing if it was his own expanding ability that had touched her, or if she may have had some latent ability of her own that was triggered by proximity to another, but it had been real. And now she was dead.

He didn't mention to the girls over breakfast, not sure how to even bring the subject up. It could have been all in his imagination, after all. Still, he was going to do some checking, see if he could root out any information on the girl

As they ate breakfast, James was distracted by his own thoughts and almost missed the signs of a very intense, but private mental conversation going on between the three women at the table. They were deliberately excluding him, trusting him not to snoop when it was obvious that the discussion was private. He didn't snoop, of course, but that didn't stop him from wondering what the topic was.

Saturday was a quiet day, neither of the families had plans so, after breakfast, the quartet elected to just lay around the house, relax and watch movies. James's parents arrived just after ten though, and upset that apple cart.

After holding a whispered conversation with Sally, David gathered everyone in the Darcy family room. Sally squeezed in between James and Zoe on the couch, with Stacy also seated there making it a tight, but cozy, fit.

"I asked Sally, and she wanted you all here for this discussion." he started, then held up a sheaf of papers.

"James, your mother and I have been busy these last two weeks, and we wanted to share this with Sally. First, the police case was closed, they listed your mother's death as accidental." This news filled James with relief, though he hid it from everyone else.

"Next, we have been awarded temporary guardianship pending approval by the court. Sally, after discussing this with the judge who signed the writ, you can stay with us as part of our family for as long as you like. You cannot be forced to go with anyone else, family or not." his eyes bore in, showing Sally that he knew exactly what she feared, and he wasn't going to let it happen.

"Last, we have to make some decisions. Sally, we already made arrangement for the disposition of your mother's remains. If you would like, we can hold a ceremony, but I wasn't sure and wouldn't make that decision without you. We also want to know what you would like done with the estate. There is the house, it was in your mother's name as sole owner, a bequest from her own parents. She also has individual bank and investment accounts, separate from those she shared with your father. The shared accounts will have to be split with him, of course, but the individual accounts will be yours. Last, there is the car, also in her name, just as your father's car was in his own name."

He paused, waiting for a response from Sally, but she was looking at James.

'What do I do? What do I say?' her tone was frightened and she was pressing up close to him, almost in his lap.

James, keeping his reply audible for the parents, lifted her chin towards him so he could see her eyes.

"Sally, do you want a burial ceremony for your mother? A wake, maybe?" he asked softly.

Sally just shook her head, her eyes scanning the faces in the room as if she was afraid of how they would react.

"That's fine, no pressure on any of this, okay? Do you know what you want to do with the estate? I don't think anyone will object if you want to think about it for a while. It isn't as if it would disappear overnight."

"Can I have the car? Then we'd have two." she asked hopefully.

James glanced at his father, seeing no objection. "Sure thing, sweetie. We can do that. Why don't we let my dad deal with the accounts and the life insurance, okay? He'll have to do most of it as your guardian and as your lawyer anyway. You can decide on the house later. You might want to think about getting some of your things though, but you don't have to decide today."

"Sally, I will take care of the details and I want you to think about one thing though, okay? The insurance plus the investment accounts total up to a large sum, about eight hundred thousand dollars. I would feel much better, as a parent and as your guardian, if you would consider putting enough of that away to ensure you can go to college anywhere you desire. A good school can cost you forty to fifty thousand dollars a year, not including living expenses. Just think about it, okay?" James asked quietly.

Sally nodded at him and smiled. "Thank you for that, for everything you're doing."

"No need to thank us, dear." Ada chimed in, walking over and kneeling by the girl, giving her a hug. "Even if you weren't part of James's new family, we couldn't have done any less. You're a sweet girl and we are just glad we could help."

The rest of the day went almost according to plan, with James spending a lot of time on the computer and the girls with their heads together, continuing their marathon chat session. It wasn't at all a surprising when they pulled him aside before dinner. He knew it was coming ... all that talk had to lead somewhere!

Stacy had been elected spokeswoman, evidently, because she directed him to an armchair and sat the other two girls on the couch. She remained standing, almost equidistant between the three, and began to pace.

"James, Sally told us about her request last night." she began.

"Whoa ... I..." James began to protest, but Stacy interrupted, waving her hands for silence.

"And she told us what you said. Zoe and I agree that it would be extreme, and that you were right to hold off. We talked it over and Sally has agreed to wait. If, in a couple of months, she still feels that way, we can talk about it again as a family."

James nodded, vastly relieved.

"Next, Sally asked something that got me thinking. It might be a hard sell, but I really thing that the idea has merit. She asked if we could all move into her house and stop this shuffling back and forth between my parents and your parents every week. The house has four bedroom, four bathrooms, a two car garage and a pool. We could have our own home! I was concerned about, you know, the bad memories, but Sally said it was silly. She loved the house and wanted to fill it with good memories."

James looked thoughtful, his eyes scanning Sally, trying to read, without peeking, her state of mind.

"Is this what you really want, Sally?"

"If you think it is a bad idea, we could sell it. We could use the money to buy a house." she replied, nodding her head.

James was struck by the way she was talking. She was using 'we' and not 'I', and it warmed his heart to think that she was finally accepting her place in the family, becoming a part of the family instead of a visitor.

"Sally, did you hear what you said?" he asked. "We and not I. Does this mean you have decided that you really want to be with us, one of us?"

Sally blushed and nodded, her smile growing warm.

"Then if you want to keep the house, we keep it, and we will fill it with so many good memories it will be like we've always lived there." he said, holding out his arms.

Sally was off the couch like a shot and into James's lap, curled up and burrowing as close as possible as he rained down little kisses on her face.

Stacy and Zoe just beamed at the pair, and each other.

"Okay you two, I'd say get a room, but we just got a whole house!" Stacy said with a laugh. "Sally also wanted to give us the money, but I told her it wasn't right." she continued, looking somber.

"I thought you said we are a family?" Sally replied stubbornly, her voice slightly muffled with her face buried in James's shirt.

James looked up at Stacy with a smile and a raised eyebrow as if to say, "Well? Now what, smarty pants?"

Stacy just shook her head, looking troubled.

"Okay, even if I concede that, and we are most definitely a family, Sally, all of us, what about how it would look? Your parents take her in and she immediately becomes part of your harem, James, and gives you all of her money? I could imagine social services knocking down the door and accusing us of being a cult or something." Stacy looked genuinely worried.

"Then we give her our money." Zoe said reasonably. "Sally will control all of our funds. She will keep track, pay the bills and so on. The house can stay in her name, and the car. It might look like we're sponging off of her, but it won't look like a cult, right? Besides, I don't really care what others think, it isn't illegal and the only opinions that really matter are right here in this room. Except for the moms and dads, of course."

Stacy looked thoughtful at that, and smiled warmly and her sister-wife. "I sometime forget how smart you are, baby sister." she said thoughtfully.

Zoe stuck out her tongue and crossed her eyes, then giggled at Stacy's expression.

"James, she is your slave!" Stacy said sternly, glaring at him.

"Yes she is, and I adore her." he replied, crossing his own eyes and sticking out his tongue.

It took a week of talking, discussing, arguing and haggling before the quartet could convince the parents, both sets, that this was a solution to several problems. The one major concession the parents insisted on was the right to stop by at any time, any hour and any day, to check on the "the children". They even wanted a set of keys and the alarm code.

The fiction was going to be, for public consumption anyway, that the parents would be splitting their time between the new house and their own houses. It was going to be more than a fiction, at first, until they felt more comfortable with the situation.

Sally's car was a beauty. Her mother, in keeping with what she thought was her station in life, drove a Mercedes 500SL convertible. The sweet little sports car was not the most practical vehicle, but they all had fun taking it for a spin.

Actually moving in to the house took almost a month. Discussions with Sally revealed her reluctance to even go into the house as it sat, so they decided to simply clear the place out. Sally decided to keep her personal possessions, a couple of picture albums and a few bits and bobs, like the electronics and dishes. Everything else, the entire house, was stripped to the bare walls, all of it sold off to an auction company or donated to charity. They even hired a professional crew to clean, do repairs and paint before Sally ever stepped through the door again.

When she did, she was all smiles. The place looked immaculate, as good as when it was new. Two stories, about three thousand square feet of living area, not counting the garage, and it was going to be all theirs, together as a family.

David and Ada, after setting aside enough money to support Sally through college, including living expenses, freed up enough money to re-outfit the house. The mothers both got involved and, if the smiles and chatter, shopping and planning were any indication, had a fantastic time decorating the house for the kids. Stacy ended up the straw boss for the effort, not having to spend half of every week day in school, but she was loving every minute of it and was always happy to tell them what she and the moms had accomplished each day.

David even graciously agreed to let James move all of the exercise equipment, except for the treadmill since they could take Zoe's, to the new house. One of the downstairs bedrooms was outfitted as a gym, complete with mirrored walls and a sound system. The other downstairs room was set up as a guest room.

Two major changes to the floor plan were knocking out walls upstairs, turning the three bedrooms there into two, and the build-out of a massive bathroom. The bathroom would have a shower that would fit a half dozen people at once, a Jacuzzi tub that would hold that many as well, a pair of toilets instead of one, a bidet and a counter with four sinks.

The addition of a pair of California King beds, bolted together, raised more than a few eyebrows at the store and among the parents, but the adults preferred to pretend that it was nothing unusual. What they discussed among themselves was anybody's guess, but James was sure that they were not really surprised.

The smallest was kept as a bedroom, someplace that one or more of them could go for some privacy or just for getting some rest. Even the closest of families needed alone time every now and then.

At Ailene's suggestion, the actual move-in date was a Christmas party. Stacy invited a couple of friends from college that she had missed, Zoe and Sally invited the rest of their old crew, deciding to mend fences, assuming their parents would allow them to attend. James invited Angie and Scarlett, though he told her that the parents and a people who had no clue about the lifestyle would be in attendance. And he invited the twins from school as well, they had become pretty good friends since the party at their house a couple of months before.

They chose a Saturday and packed up the Expedition with all the gear from Zoe and Stacy's house. Then they went to James's house and picked up his boxes. Most of the stuff they were taking had long since been packed up, so it only took a couple of hours. The gym equipment had been moved professionally, David claiming he was too damn old and even offering to split the cost to get out of helping James shift it all.

The invitations had specified noon, the family assuming they would be done by then, but they were all surprised when most of the guests showed up early, helping to carry boxes, get things situated. By the time noon rolled around, the house was basically set, and James took Sally with him to get his special surprise.

When they returned a half hour later with an eight foot Christmas tree, everyone began to cheer and clap. He had purchased a stand, tinsel, garlands and a few light strings at the hardware store where he found the tree, and the next two hours became a flurry of decorating.

While the quartet had been packing up boxes and flitting about, getting everything ready for the move, the mom's had done their final part and had been cooking up a storm. Sally had suggested that they cater the party, but was booed out of the kitchen by the mothers who insisted that the first meal in this new house be home made.

Of Zoe and Sally's old crew, only Doris could come. The twin's parents still refused to let their daughters have anything to do with James and Zoe, but Doris's mother had relented. Doris, who James remembered as a shy bespectacled girl with glasses, had undergone something of a transformation. Her braces were gone now and her mother had gotten her contacts. It had been a major boost to the girl's self-esteem, and the wallflower he remembered was gone. She had been replaced by a smart, funny girl who was all smiles. She spent most of the party chatting with Zoe and Sally, of course, catching up on what they had been doing for the last couple of months and sharing school gossip.

Stacy spent the evening surrounded by her college friends, though she made it a point to introduce all of them to her fiancé, and would send him mental kisses throughout the evening. Angie, of course, was a college chum and Scarlett couldn't be parted from her mistress without a pry bar. James watched as Stacy interacted with her friends from school, glad to see her smiling so much.

Tabby and Terri Collins gravitated to Zoe, Sally and Doris, being about the same ages and already friends with two of them. They had co-opted an entire corner of the living room and anyone who wandered by seemed to have to resist getting sucked into the laughing and giggling vortex of teen girls.

The four parents were clustered together and James imagined that they were commiserating about the headstrong children. As for James, he wandered. He would sit with one group, then move to the next, never staying very long. He was just enjoying the atmosphere, having a blast playing host and getting people drinks. It was fun, he thought, to be the man of the house!

As the party wore down and people began to leave, James was pulled aside by the menfolk, Stewart and David sitting him down in the living room.

"What are you doing for Christmas?" Stewart asked, opening the conversation.

"What do you mean? The girls worked it out with the moms. We are doing Christmas eve at the Anderson house, Christmas day at the Darcy house."

"No, James. For the girls. What are you doing for the girls? You realize that this is very important, right? Your first Christmas together dictates the next fifty years!" David chipped in, looking at his son like he was dense.

"Um ... what?"

"Look, son. Women are very sentimental. You need to do two things. One, you need to be very careful about the gifts you choose this year, show them you put some real thought into them. Two, what you do this year will be looked back on fondly, you hope, in the future and will be the basis for the family traditions that you create." David continued.

"And don't think for a minute that just because you have a rather unorthodox setup here that they won't be looking at what you gave the other girls. You have to be smart about this!" Stewart added, looking very serious.

"Shit." James said with feeling, wondering if there were other things he didn't know, other pitfalls waiting for the unwary.

Both fathers just smiled at that expletive, knowing exactly how the boy was feeling.

James looked back and forth between them, hoping for some clue, some hint.

"Come on Dads, throw me a lifeline here. What do I do?"

Both of the fathers smiled at that, exchanging their own glances.

"Dads, eh? I suppose that works." Stewart said, looking pleased.

"Public and private, Stew?" David asked, looking at his fellow advisor.

Stewart looked thoughtful and nodded. "That would work, if he is smart about it." Turning back to James, he continued. "You should choose something nice, something you can give each of them with the rest of the family there, to show the girls, and the families that you love them and so on. It should be something personalized, something that they want but would not buy for themselves."

"Then," David took over, "You buy them a private gift. You choose a time with each of them, pull them aside and give them a gift, just the two of you present. Something that means something to the two of you. It can be funny, sentimental, even sexy, but it is meant just for the two of you. That way you are covered all around and they know you put thought in to it, chose the gifts for them."

James nodded, feeling relieved. He knew what to do, but not how to do it, or at least, not completely.

"I am going to need help from one of you. Sally and I can't be separated yet, she hasn't been linked long enough, isn't strong enough like I am with the girls. This means I can't shop for her personally. If I can figure out what to give her, will one of you go and get it for me?"

"Be glad to, either one of us." David said, nodding at Stewart. "You don't have much time, son. Today is the 20th, that means four days, tops."

James put his face in his hands with a moan. "Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit."

The public gifts turned out to be the easiest, something he had been contemplating for several weeks anyway. Stacy had been his official fiancé since Zoe's voluntary subjugation, where he had warned her that being a slave precluded being a wife. Not that he ever intended to leave Zoe out, she was his first and he would never exclude her in any way. Now Sally was in the family and even though her issues meant that they had never actually consummated the relationship, James could actually see that happening before much longer.

He chose three almost identical engagement rings, each of the made of a twisted rope of yellow, rose and white gold. Each ring had a diamond solitaire flanked by the birth stones of the other girls. Zoe's had the birthstones of Sally and Stacy, Sally's had the birthstones of Zoe and Stacy and, of course, Stacy's ring had the birthstones of Zoe and Sally. In addition to some fun gifts like clothes and music, these would be his public gifts to be opened with the families.

For the private gifts, Zoe was the easiest. He already had his eye on a custom set of manacles and collar for her, thinking that when they actually started working with Manning, he could afford to splurge. That would be her private gift and a quick call to Angie, who said she was glad to help, would get them here in time. Sally was harder, but he decided that he would give her a certificate for one favor. He hesitated when this idea first came up, thinking it might come across as cheesy, but he would assure her that she could ask anything, anything at all and he would do it for her. No hesitation, no questions, no remorse ... no matter what it was. He just hoped that she would not choose the one thing he feared, but he would do it for her and deal with the fallout.

Stacy turned out to be the most difficult. He decided that he would do something similar, a certificate. For her though, since she was his fiancé and the oldest the three, and because she wouldn't get that white wedding she had once dreamed of, he would gift her with a honeymoon. Just the two of them, anywhere she wanted to go. It would have to be deferred until later, but he wanted her to know how special she was to him, and this was, he hoped, one way to do so.

The whole house was decorated in the next few days, the girls having the best time filling the house with the sights and scents of Christmas. They even wrapped and stashed their presents under the tree, though they would take them with them over to the Darcy's on Christmas morning.

Christmas Eve was spend with James's parents, the Darcy's coming over to join them for a fantastic meal. They sat around the fireplace after dinner telling stories of Christmases past and sipping eggnog. James couldn't remember the last time that Christmas had been this much fun. As a teen, he thought he had grown out of it all, but now that he had a family of his own, it seemed to have much more meaning to him.

The returned home Christmas Eve about eleven, full of the season and even sang Christmas carols as they walked from his parents house to their own. It was only a few blocks and they sang quietly, aware that small children were already in bed waiting for Santa, but they sang for the fun of it anyway.

Once home, they all climbed the stairs and, as had quickly become custom, all jumped into the massive shower together. Shower time was rarely about sex, but was always intimate, most always sexy, and often led to amorous activities afterward. There was something unbelievably sybaritic about showering with three girls, getting all soapy, bodies rubbing together, stray caresses and lots of laughter.

Afterwards, they would all dry off and collapse in bed, at least that is the way it had been going. Tonight, when they all reached the bed, Zoe and Stacy pushed James flat on the mattress in the middle of the bed and propped his head up with pillows. When he was in place, Zoe and Stacy moved to the foot of the bed and took up what James had dubbed 'The Position'. It was a submission stance that Zoe had adopted when she wore her slave persona. They were kneeling, butts back on the heels of their feet. The knees were shoulder width apart, displaying to the world their treasures. Chest pushed out, shoulders back and head bowed, their palms were flat on their thighs.

James stared at the two for a moment, confused. It was normal for Zoe to take The Position if she wanted some attention from her Master, but Stacy had never done so. His eyes travelled to Sally and he caught his breath.

Sally was standing at the foot of the bed, no more clothes on that any of the rest, but instead of being naked, she was unclothed. She stood there watching him, waiting. Sally had a smile on her face, warm and loving, and her eyes were filled with ... passion! She had this aura about her that said she was waiting for him, waiting to be called, to be invited. James held out his arms.

Sally bounded to the bed and jumped into his arms, kissing him with abandon. When they broke for a breath, James noticed that Zoe and Stacy had not moved, maintaining The Position throughout.

Sally pulled back and put her forehead against his like so many time before, and her eyes locked with his own. She was searching for something, but he got the impression that this was a formality, a ritual. Her smile confirmed that.

"I have been ready, but I wanted to wait. I wanted it to be special. James, Master," 'Daddy', "will you make love to me?"
Chapter 23 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 22 |   Bottom
Chapter 23
Posted: November 30, 2015 - 08:36:57 am

"I have been ready, but I wanted to wait. I wanted it to be special. Will you make love to me James, Master?" 'Daddy?'

Sally had become more accustomed to joining in on the lovemaking that went on between James, Zoe and Stacy, even participating with Zoe and once, Stacy, but other than the occasional caress, casual strokes of the hand and a few chaste kisses, she had never been intimate with James.

"Gladly, little one." he said, and pulled her to him.

Sally went willingly, laying her body on top of his, a squirming, loving handful. She kissed his forehead, his eyes, the tip of his nose and his cheeks before attacking his mouth. She was moaning, a soft, low tone that galvanized him, thrilling him. His hands stroked her face, her arms and side and drifted lower, taking an ass cheek in each hand and pulling her closer, holding her groin against his erection.

When he rolled over, taking her with him, he ended up on top. Pulling back from the kiss so he could nibble on her ear, tracing the muscles that flowed down the side of her neck and nibbled on her collar bones. He kissed lower, circling each breast, his tongue tracing the line around the bottom of each where they met her chest, then circling upwards in a spiral. When he reached her nipples, she was breathing shallowly, arching her back, pressing her breasts towards his face. Her hands were in his hair, pulling him down, urging him to touch her, lick her.

James let his tongue tickle first one nipple, then the other, grinning at the gasps that invoked. Then he went for broke, taking one nipple between his lips and ravishing it with his tongue, letting his teeth glide across the firm nubbin. His other hand was mirroring his mouth's efforts teasing and stroking as he took a nipple in his teeth and pulled.

Sally's gave out a cry, her body tensing and her arms locking him in place as she had her first orgasm. She seemed to be riding from one crest to the next because when he switched, tugging and twisting on the other nipple with his teeth, she seemed to have a second small orgasm. She was groaning now, her hips lifting off the bed, grinding her mound against his cock.

He slid lower, licking along her ribs, kissing her stomach and delving into her belly button with the tip of his tongue. He continued down, bypassing her swollen and dripping pussy to plant kisses along her inner thighs, behind her knees and even on each toe. As he worked his way back up, her hands tangled in his hair again and threatened to pull it out by the handful as she tried to drag him upward, pull him to her center.

When he licked her from the bottom of her slit to the top, gathering her juices on his tongue and flicking her clit for the first time, Sally screamed, her body bucking and thrashing as she came again, this time bigger, stronger. He wasn't about to stop there, not now, not after finally getting to taste, to touch.

He bathed her pussy with his tongue, exploring, licking and nibbling, thrusting and drinking as she came again and again. When he inserted two fingers and began to tickle that rough spot on the top of her vaginal wall, she began bucking, humping her hips, almost breaking his nose with the force of her convulsions. She had stopped moaning, stopped screaming and was now whimpering almost continuously.

When she tried to push him away, to hold her hands over her over-sensitive clitoris, he simply reached behind her knees, lifted her legs and attacked her little rosette, licking and thrusting his tongue into her ass, making her squeal in surprise.

Raising up and walking his knees forward, keeping her legs draped over his arms, he positioned the head of his cock at her entrance and began to push forward. She was not a virgin, but James was blown away by how tight she was. She was sloppy wet, her own orgasms had made sure of that, but it took him a half dozen thrusts before he was inside of her, fully seated in her depths.

Sally's eyes were glazed over, her head whipping back and forth and her whimpers increasing in both volume and frequency. He began thrusting, slow, shallow thrusts. He would pull out an inch or two and slowly slide home again. When her hips began to meet his, encouraging him, he pulled out until just the mushroom head of his cock was still embedded, and then thrust home, repeating that stroke.

The faster her hips moved, the faster he stroked, the more powerful he stroked and the more she whimpered. When her voice was almost a continuous hum and her insides began to clutch at him, he knew she was close again and he began pounding, slamming his cock into her again and again. Sally's orgasm washed over her and she screamed one last time, an ear-splitting, wall shaking roar that pushed him over the edge, emptying the contents of his balls deep inside of her.

They stayed like that, frozen in position as they rode the waves of their orgasms, shaking and sweating. When he could see again, breath again, James collapsed down on top of her, covering her frame with his body, his lips seeking hers.

He felt hands pulling and pushing him, guiding him off to the side and, as he rolled over, Stacy was hovering over him, a happy smile on her face. He looked left at Sally, and Zoe held the same position on her, an equally happy smile on her own face. Almost as if they had practiced, each of the girls slid further down the bed in unison.

When James felt Stacy's mouth on his cock, licking, sucking, cleaning up the combined juices, he was smiling too. He could see Zoe's face between Sally's thighs, knowing the same was happening there. He turned his head to meet Sally's eyes and they reached out, holding hands while their lovers cleaned them, congratulating them.

'I love you, Daddy.' Sally sent with a tired, but still wicked little grin.

'I love you too, baby girl.'

That night was theirs. Stacy and Zoe brought them fruit juice so they could rehydrate and, while they were sipping their drinks, brought warm wet washcloths to clean them.

They made love again, Stacy and Zoe stroking their bodies, helping them along, licking and sucking to stoke their passion, but always with the lovers' pleasure in mind. They were there as handmaidens, not lovers, and they shared their joy with James and Sally as the pair finally consummated their relationship.

It was a tired, but smiling, crew that crawled out of bed in the morning and showered together. They laughed and giggled, petted and kissed as they got ready for Christmas morning with the Darcy family.

The Andersons, David and Ada, joined them at the Darcy house for Christmas morning. It started with a huge breakfast and, when everyone was sated, they gathered in the living room to open presents. Most of the gifts were practical and fun, James holding his special gifts aside for the girls until the rest of the presents were opened. Then, he stood and moved to the center of the room, motioning the girls to move together on the couch.

He knelt in front of them, holding three identical velvet boxes in his hands. The parents looked on in confusion, his lovers in anticipation.

"Society man not recognize the type of family that we have, but I don't care. I do, and I wanted to show all of you how much you mean to me, how much I love each and every one of you. You are part of me, in a very real way, a way that most can't even comprehend. So to hell with society, all I care about is this. Will you, all of you, be my loves, my lovers, my life mates?"

He opened all three boxes, making sure he had them in the right order, and then turned them to face the girls.

They all sat there, mouths open, staring at the boxes and each other. In an instant, James was buried under a squealing, laughing and crying mound of women who were chanting. "Yes! Yes! Yes!"

Once he could get up again, he placed the rings on their fingers, explaining his choice of stones to his life mates and to the parents as he did so.

"With this ring, I pledge my life, my wealth, my health and my happiness to you. The diamond represents the my love for you, forever unchanging. The birth stones to each side represent your sister-wives, a celebration of our unique family."

The Dads were looking pleased, and impressed, while the Moms were both crying and hugging anyone they could catch. The girls just cried and smiled, taking turns kissing him and hugging each other.

When things calmed down a bit, and the women had pulled the Moms aside to talk and show off their rings, the Dads sat down with James.

"Well, you managed a gift that they liked, but remember that whole tradition thing? How the hell are you going to top this next year?" Stewart asked.

James shook his head, smiling. "I have no idea, but I have year to work on it, right?"

David just grinned and slapped his son on the shoulder. "That's the right attitude to have."

The giving of private gifts happened after they returned home on Christmas day. James pulled each of the girls aside, privately, Stacy first.

"Stacy, when Zoe submitted, you were there to help, to hold her hand, to hold my hand and help us through it. Zoe knew that by becoming my slave, she gave up rights to become my wife, though I admit that my argument was more a way to try and dissuade her from the whole thing than a real demand. When you joined with us, became one with us, you took the mantle of my fiancé. I fully intended to make that real, to ask you to marry me when I turned eighteen.

"Now things have changed again, and I can't say how things will go, how things will change again, but I wanted you to know just how much I love you and treasure you. I wanted to give you something that would show that, would show you that you will always hold that special spot in my heart. This is a little cheesy, but the sentiment is real. It's a promise, a pledge."

Stacy just smiled and kissed him tenderly, her arms around his neck. "I never expected to actually become Mrs. James Anderson, silly man. Zoe and I are sister-wives and I embraced that. Now with Sally, we have even more love to share. I'll take this though, because I can think of nothing I would like more than to spend a week with you, uninterrupted. I think, when it happens, it will be somewhere that we can run around naked all day, making love wherever we feel the desire."

Sally was next, and it took several minutes before he could even explain why he pulled her aside. It was as if, in spite of the months together, they were in the first blush of love. Sally entered the room and immediately began kiss him, rub up against him. As exciting as that was, her newfound desires, he eventually pulled back before they were completely undressed and beyond the point of no return.

"Baby girl, I wanted to give you something special for Christmas, something just between you and me. This is a promise, a pledge, for one favor." When she started to speak, he laid his finger on her lips.

"This favor can be anything, at any time. I will not argue or question, will not refuse and will never, ever hold it against you or think badly of you. Anything, anything at all." he invited her into his mind, showing her his certainty, his resolve, and even the possibilities that he had considered when deciding to offer this.

She sat silently for several long minutes, her eyes searching his face, her mind mated with his. When she pulled back again, her expression was somber, but thoughtful. He could see that she had made all of the connections, and was convinced that he was absolutely committed.

"I'll wait. Someday, this will be more important than we know." she said cryptically, smiling softly at him.

"For now though, how about a normal, non-wish type request?" she asked, licking her lips as she shrugged her blouse off and let it fall.

Zoe's gift was one he was looking forward to giving. It didn't involve heavy emotional discussions, worries about the future, it was just going to be fun.

When Sally left and sent Zoe upstairs, James had pulled the box from its hiding spot and had it sitting next to him on the bed. When Zoe entered and saw him laying in bed, Zoe happily bounded across the room and leapt onto the bed, making James, and the box, bounce.

"Assume The Position, slave." James snarled, though he made sure that he was sending love and excitement to his voluntary toy.

Zoe stood and shed her clothes, dropping to her knees and assuming The Position, her body shivering in anticipation.

"You have been a good girl, mostly, but I think I have been remiss in your training." he said as he stood and walked, slowly, in a circuit around the shivering supplicant.

"I don't want you to let that ring go to your head, so I think I will impose some new rules, some new guidelines for you, slut." He had to stop himself from laughing as she wiggled, her sexy fanny almost wagging.

"From now on, when you are home, you will wear your collar. You may wear your manacles if you wish but, if they are not on your wrists, they will be where you can get them at a moment's notice. You will wear clothes that allow me to take my pleasure with you without having to wait for you to disrobe. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Master!" she said, the tension and excitement making her voice waver. "Master, if I may speak?"

"Speak, slut."

"This slave does not have manacles to wear, and only the leather collar."

"Do you really think I would give you an order without giving you the means to carry it out?" James roared in mock outrage.

"On your feet, bend over the bed." he commanded, and watched with interest as she scrambled to obey. The sudden movements made bits of her jiggle so enticingly!

James retrieved the box from where it lay on the bed and stepped up behind Zoe. The box contained a collar and matching set of two manacles. Each were made of brightly polished gold, inlaid with enamel designs that looked almost like stained glass. The designs were of orchids, Zoe's favorite flower, and each one had his initials displayed prominently. They could be locked, with the included, matching padlocks, and each had a strong ring where a rope or chain could be attached to immobilize the wearer.

The collar itself was only an inch high and about three-eighths of an inch thick, the manacles were a little larger at an inch and a half and the set looked almost like jewelry, until you examined them closer.

Zoe was face down, her upper torso stretched across the bed, her arms extended, Her lower torso was bent over the side, her toes just barely touching the floor and her succulent ass prominently displayed. James stood behind her, and he could see that she was excited, her pussy lips puffy and red, her dew gathering in little droplets.

He ran a finger up her slit, gathering her juices, and smiled in anticipation as her whole body shook at the touch. He popped his finger in his mouth, enjoying the sweet taste, then stepped back and smacked her, a solid blow to her left ass cheek.

Zoe jumped, her whole body reacting to the blow, but the most telling reaction was in the way her pussy seemed to start pumping out juice until it was literally dripping from her lips.

He smacked her again, on the other cheek, and was gratified to see that she was, if anything, even more turned on. Her breath was coming in shallow gasps, her skin flushed and her eyes were vacant, focused on the feelings from her abused butt cheeks.

James took the collar from the box and leaned forward, grinding his cock between her ass cheeks. He snapped the collar around her neck, latching the closure at the back. Zoe gasped at the cold metal, the unfamiliar feeling of something around her neck and the very familiar, very welcome feeling of her master's cock rubbing against her asshole, sliding between her cheeks. Her low moan was a welcome sound to James's ears.

He pulled away and walked to the other side of the bed, pulling up two silken ropes he had tied to the legs, laying them across the mattress where Zoe could see them.

Then, climbing on the mattress so he could reach her wrists, he snapped on the metal manacles to her wrists, threading the ropes through each ring. He made the ropes snug enough that she could not move her arms, could not stand. Zoe was making a soft whimpering sound, her eyes flashing back and forth between the new manacles, taking in every detail.

James circled again, once more behind the bound woman, and smacked each ass cheek again, just to get her attention.

"Slut, it is not wise to question your Master about orders, now is it?" he crooned, his hand now gently rubbing her reddened ass cheeks,

"No, Master. Please, I beg you, punish me, use me! I am your toy, your property." she groaned, her ass wiggling, pushing back against his hand. She didn't have enough leverage in this position to do much, but she made the most of it.

"Maybe I should just leave you here to think about it for a while. They say that reflection is good for the soul." he teased, taking several, heavy steps away from the bed and towards the door.

Zoe's sob of frustration was enough him turn back around. Quietly, trying to make no sound at all, he moved back towards the bed. He lined up his cock with her dripping pussy and, careful not to touch it before he was ready, lunged forward and impaled her.

Zoe's head came up in a soundless scream, her eyes and mouth wide open as her entire body convulsed. The gush of fluid around his cock and onto his balls, and the rippling of her pussy told him all he needed to know. Her orgasm was a strong one, and she seemed as though she didn't stop cumming as he began to pound her, alternating thrusts with light slaps to her ass cheeks.

His own excitement meant that he was not going to keep this up for long, so he grabbed her hips, lifting her toes off the floor so that he could pull her body toward him, pounding her ass against his stomach as he thrust in to her. Only the ropes kept her from sliding off the bed as he continued to thrust, faster and faster. Zoe was mewling and panting as he reached his limit and slammed her against the mattress again with his entire body weight, burying himself in her as deeply as he could and filling her with his cum.

Zoe screamed again, this time loud enough that the girls downstairs surely heard her, but James was bellowing too, his voice joining her as they both came.

He collapsed against her, his weight pushing her down into the soft mattress, his breath hot on her neck. When he could breathe again, he kissed her behind the ear, whispering.

"I love you Zoe."

"Oh, I love you too, Master! Sooooo soooo much!" she panted, and her satisfied smile was enough to make him grin again.

His cock still buried inside her pussy, he reached over her and untied the ropes, sliding one arm underneath her, he pulled her upright, turning her to face him and holding her tight to his chest.

When she seemed steady on her feet, he guided her into the bathroom and in front of the mirror.

"Oh my god, they're gorgeous! So beautiful!" she gushed, throwing her arms around him again and kissing every inch of his face that she could reach. "Thank you Master, thank you!" she cried, bouncing in place. James heard a wet plop and looked down, laughing out loud. Her bouncing had an unintended side effect ... his deposit was running down her legs and dripping onto the floor.

"Zoe, you are making a mess!" he said with a scowl, pointing to the floor.

Zoe immediately dropped to her knees, her head down and her tongue out. "FREEZE!" he bellowed, causing her to lock up, not a muscle moving.

"No, Zoe. Use a rag." he ordered softly, shaken. She would have licked it from the floor if he let her, something that would have turned his stomach and filled him with remorse. He resolved again to be careful. He had responsibilities too and, the slave play aside, he would never make her debase herself like that.

"Zoe, unless I specifically order you to do something like that, you will always assume that the hygienic way to accomplish a task is the best way, understand? Licking or eating anything off the floor would make you sick, and a sick slave is a useless slave. Your first duty is to me, but your second duty is to yourself. I want you health and happy, okay baby?"

Zoe beamed up at him and nodded. "I cleaned this floor myself, master, but thank you for looking out for your slave."

James just shook his head and wondered again who was really in control.

New Years was celebrated in their own home, just the four of them. Stacy picked up a bottle of champagne, Zoe and Shelly made snacks and they all spent the evening on the couch, watching the countdown on television. Not the most exciting party ever, but it was exactly what they wanted and needed, just right for the four of them to ring in the new year, in a new house.

They had another week of down time, the home schooling group having decided to extend the holiday to fit the various vacation plans, and their new home became a de facto meeting place for people who had free time on their hands.

The twins Terri and Tabby were spending a lot of time with them, as was Doris, now that she had reconnected with her friends. Even Angie and Scarlett came by to visit, just hanging out and chatting. One of the bits of equipment Sally had elected to keep from the old house was the eighty inch television and the surround sound setup that her father had put together, and the entire group spend many hours watching rented movies.

Zoe had taken great pleasure in showing her collar to the Angie and Scarlett. Scarlett was almost as excited by the new jewelry as Zoe was, and actually licked her collar once before Angie snagged her by the hair and admonished her for touching another Master's property without permission. The twins and Doris, though they weren't at all sure that it was not some elaborate charade, at least congratulated her on such a unique gift.

James wasn't all surprised when Tabby and Terri had their heads together with Sally later in the afternoon, their faces showing even more surprise. Nor was he surprised when the pair accosted him at the first moment they had him alone, asking how he could possibly treat their friend like property!

"First and foremost, ladies, you need to sit down and talk to Zoe. Don't just nod your cute little heads when she tells you, but really listen to what she has to say. Ask her about how this came to be, and about my reaction back then. When you have done that, come back and we can talk. Until then, until Zoe confides in you, it is really none of your business."

James turned and walked away from the girls, leaving them standing there with their mouths open. As he reached the hallway, he almost tripped over Doris who had a thoughtful expression on her own face, and who watched him with fascination when he passed by. James just smiled at the girl and headed to the gym for his daily workout.

On Saturday afternoon, James was surprised, when he came out of the exercise room after a two-hour workout, to hear several voices moaning, and the sounds of sex coming from the living room. His curiosity piqued, he rushed out to find the entire group sitting in the living room, eating popcorn and watching what looked like a lesbian orgy video, laughing and jeering at the poor acting and calling out suggestions to the actresses on the screen.

When Stacy turned her head and saw his shocked expression, and the tent in his shorts, she began giggling. Angie turned her head to see what Stacy was staring at and raised an eyebrow, then gave him a little wave and blew him a kiss. James, deciding that he really didn't want to know, beat a hasty retreat up the stairs to the master bedroom.

When he stepped out of the shower, Zoe was kneeling in The Position by the open bathroom door, waiting for him to notice her, completely nude.

'Zoe?'

'Master, this slave begs a favor.'

James smiled down at her, wonder what she was up to.

'Perhaps, slave. It depends on what the favor is.'

He loved the way she shivered when he called her slave, or slut.

'I have a fantasy, and we were watching videos... ' she began, then trailed off, seeming to have a problem forming her request. 'May I show you?'

James opened up to Zoe, showing her that he was ready, and then couldn't help but gasp.

Zoe was imagining herself being taken in front of the whole group downstairs, used as a sex toy, James encouraging others to use her as well, even the visitors. He could see her lust, her excitement at the thought.

'So watching those videos brought this on, slut?'

'No, Master, but it is a perfect chance to do something I have wanted, they are all horny!' her excitement seemed to shine out of every pore on her body. He could see that her nipples were hard and her thighs wet.

James sent out a probe, connecting with Stacy downstairs. He could see that they were all watching the video still. Both Stacy and Sally were horny, Stacy was rubbing herself when she thought the others were not watching. Looking in on the others, he could see Scarlett was right on the edge of cumming herself, but not because she was touching herself, but because she was sitting at Angie's feet, surreptitiously stroking her Mistress's pussy under the long skirt that Angie was wearing.

James could feel his cock swelling and thickening.

'Last chance to back out, Zoe. If I send you downstairs, you will do as I order without hesitation?'

'Without Reservations, Master.'

'Go and assume the position in front of the television downstairs. Just as you are, my little wanton slut.'

'Yes, Master! Thank you, Master!'

James, pulling on some shorts and a t-shirt, followed her down the stairs to the living room.
Chapter 24 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 23 |   Bottom
Chapter 24
Posted: December 07, 2015 - 08:38:22 am
Updated: December 07, 2015 - 10:20:01 am

James had reservations about 'performing' in front of a group. It was different when it was him and the three lovers, that was a group activity in which they all participated. This was going to be a performance, and in front of three relative newcomers, one of them who may be completely innocent.

He paused before he reached the bottom of the stairs and cast his mind out, reaching into the minds of Doris, Angie and Scarlett.

Doris was watching the porn video with avid interest. She was barely paying attention to the others, her hand surreptitiously caressing her own breast and her thighs rubbing together, trying to scratch that itch, quell the heat at her center. She'd been fascinated, at first, when Scarlett stuck her head under Angie's skirt, wanting to see what was happening under there, but the lack of visual input and made her turn back to the video.

Angie was turned on by the video, but more turned on by the people around her. She had allowed Scarlett under her skirt and was enjoying the feeling of her slave's tongue and fingers working on her pussy. She was edging, making Scarlett keep her right on the edge of orgasm but not allowing her slave to push her over the top. Every time Scarlett would get her close, she would squeeze her thighs together, holding Scarlett still and signaling that she was to wait.

Scarlett's only thoughts were of the taste and smell, the pleasure she was experiencing servicing her mistress. She was head over heels in love with her mistress and would willingly spend hour after hour pleasuring her. Scarlett's own pleasure was held in abeyance, building slowly but surely, and she knew that she was not allowed to cum until her mistress gave her permission. That this was all happening in front of others made her even hornier, though she wished that she could eat her mistress out in the open, displaying her skill to the prying eyes of an appreciative audience.

To James's surprise, and his amusement, he could read Sally's arousal, and he laughed silently when he saw that she had snaked her hand into Stacy's lap and was diddling Stacy's clit even as Stacy was fondling her own breasts, tweaking her nipples.

Zoe had assumed The Position in front of the group and he watched as all attention slowly shifted from the video to the naked slave kneeling in front of them. James edged forward so he could peek into the living room and still not be seen.

Zoe was kneeling, her knees shoulder width apart and her dripping, swollen sex open to the five sets of eyes on the couches. Her nipples were painfully hard and she was trembling with a mixture of shame and desire.

James waited another minute, reading the reactions, keeping a close eye on Doris especially. She was very turned on and her eyes were now locked on Zoe's pussy, her thoughts turning to wondering what Zoe was doing, if this was part of that slave thing she had told Doris about, and how she would react if Doris were to reach out and...

James stepped into the room and all eyes snapped to him. He walked slowly towards Zoe, his erection very obviously tenting the front of his shorts. He could feel the sharpening interest of all of the women, and when Doris stuck her hand down the front of her own shorts, he knew that it was time.

Standing behind Zoe, he surveyed the women and sent a mental touch to Stacy and Sally.

'Loves, my little slut wants to be used and displayed. She wants to be shared and shamed, to be the object of our lust. Would you care to join me?'

Stacy grinned and nodded, but Sally surprised all of them by shooting off the couch and stripping her clothes off before kneeling beside Zoe, assuming The Position.

'Baby girl, are you sure about this?' he sent privately to Sally.

'Please, Daddy?' she replied, her mental voice crackling with embarrassment, and lust.

"Doris, If you are uncomfortable with any of this, we won't think badly if you want to leave." James said softly, locking eyes with Zoe's friend. He knew she was right on the edge of her own orgasm, but he also knew that this was totally new territory for her.

Doris just shook her head, her eyes now locked on his tented shorts.

James reached down and grabbed Zoe's hair, pulling her head backward sharply until she could look up at him.

"Slave, Stacy needs your tongue in her pussy, but you may not touch yourself and I forbid you to cum until I tell you to do so." he ordered gruffly, releasing her hair.

Zoe scrambled over, on hands and knees, and began wrestling with Stacy's pants, practically tearing them off in her haste while Stacy laughed delightedly.

Meanwhile, James grabbed Sally by the hair and pulled her head back like he had Zoe's.

"For you, little slut, you need more practice sucking cock. Get to work!"

Sally licked her lips and reached up, yanking James's shorts down and inhaling his cock, trying to force its length down her throat and gagging.

James raised his eyes, seeing Angie bunch her skirt around her waist and bare her pussy to the room, to display Scarlett hungrily licking and sucking. He almost laughed when he saw Doris. He was afraid she was going to hurt herself, her head was swiveling back and forth, first looking at Zoe eating out Stacy, then looking at Sally sucking his cock and then turning to watch Scarlett eating Angie.

She was lost in the sights, and didn't even think about how it might have looked as she had one hand up her own shirt, tweaking her nipples and the other hand shoved so far down her pants that her bush was visible.

Stacy was moaning, her hands wrapped in Zoe's hair, forcing the slave's face against her swollen pussy. Sally was doing her best to make James cum, cupping his balls and slamming his cock into her mouth again and again.

Angie had a wicked grin on her face as she met James's eyes, a wink and a flick of her tongue telling him that she was enjoying the show as much as she was her own slave's ministrations.

James flicked his eyes towards Doris and was surprised when their eyes locked. He crooked a finger and an eyebrow at the girl, giving her the choice, but clearly beckoning her. She nodded and rose from the couch, her hand slipping out of her shorts and into her own mouth as she stepped over the coffee table and stood next to James.

He wrapped his arm around her and brought her mouth to his, kissing her with passion, tasting her juices on her own tongue. He slipped one hand up her shirt, grabbing a nipple and lightly pulling, twisting on it. When Doris moaned into his mouth, grinding her still clad pussy up against his thigh, he reached down and began pushing her shorts off her hips.

Doris got the hint and was naked in seconds, her slim body now pressed against him. He could feel the heat from her pussy against his thigh and he ran his hand over her ass, cupping one cheek and pulling her tighter.

James reached down and grabbed Sally's hair, stopping her mid stroke, pulling her mouth off his cock and directing it to Doris's pussy. When Sally complied, and she forced her head between James and Doris, Doris gave a little shriek, her head snapping down to see Sally trying to get at her pussy. With a fascinated look on her face, she moved her hips sideways, giving Sally the space she needed to bury her tongue.

"Oh ... fuck! That feels sooo good!" Doris moaned, her hands dropping to Sally's head, holding her tight against her, grinding her pussy on Sally's face.

James, momentarily forgotten by Sally and Doris, looked over at Angie. Angie was staring at Zoe, licking her lips, and James could see the desire in her eyes and in her thoughts.

"Slave, attend Angie." he ordered, reaching down and smacking Zoe's ass. The slap made Zoe moan into Stacy's pussy and it must have been just enough to put Stacy over the top. Stacy locked up, a high-pitched growl forcing its way between her clenched teeth as she came, soaking Zoe's face.

When Zoe was able to untangle Stacy's fingers from her hair, she scooted over and assumed The Position in front of Angie. James watched as Angie twined her own fingers in Zoe's hair and pulled her close. She began licking Stacy's honey from Zoe's face before mashing her lips to the slave's.

Zoe was stretched over the edge of the couch to reach Angie, and Stacy had recovered enough to scoot over and run her hands over Zoe's ass, beckoning to James.

Stacy pulled apart Zoe's ass cheeks and grabbed James's cock, pulling him into place.

"Fuck your slave's ass while we watch, lover. You know you want to show the world what a compliant little fuck toy she is." Stacy growled, winking at James as she fed Zoe's fantasy. Zoe was wiggling her ass, her little starfish winking at him.

There was a flurry of movement as James positioned himself behind Zoe. As he rubbed his cock into her dripping slit to gather her honey as lubricant, he watched Angie move so her own pussy was under Zoe's face. Angie directed Scarlett to climb under Zoe and James was surprised when Stacy began to kiss Angie.

Doris and Sally had laid down on the floor and were in a very intense sixty-nine, Doris lapping avidly at Sally's pussy as her own was serviced.

James lined up his cock and began pushing, sinking it slowly in Zoe's ass. Zoe had her head down, licking at sucking at Angie, her moans were causing Angie to give off groans of her own and when Scarlett, her head between Zoe's legs, started alternating between licking Zoe's pussy and James's balls, his only thought was to start pumping harder, working towards his own pleasure.

James was getting close, slamming his cock into Zoe over and over, when he felt arms go around his neck from behind, a pair of tits mashed against his back. He turned his head and his lips met Doris's and, from below, he felt more movement. Sneaking a look, he saw that Sally was eating Scarlett and Stacy had moved so that she could stroke his balls, her fingers trailing alongside of his shaft as it pistoned in and out of Zoe's ass.

When James's orgasm hit, he gave a guttural yell and slammed his cock into Zoe as far as it would go yelling "Cum with me, slut!"

It seemed to set off a chain reaction as it caused Zoe to cum, her scream into Angie's pussy making Angie scream, and Scarlett, hearing her mistress give voice let her own pleasure overcome her and she screamed into Zoe's pussy.

James withdrew and slumped sideways on the couch, immediately being buried under Doris and Stacy. Zoe halfway collapsed onto Scarlett's chest, and Angie just flat out collapsed. He watched with amusement as the cum leaking from Zoe's ass seemed to funnel right down to Scarlett's mouth. He snapped his fingers and pointed, giving Sally a mental command as well.

'Help out your fellow slaves, slut.' he sent, giving her a warm mental hug. He sent a stream to Angie, knowing she would get a kick out of the sight and even tapped Doris on the shoulder, pointing to the scene below.

Scarlett was licking Zoe's pussy where the cum from her ass was dripping, and she was joined by Sally who was using her tongue to scoop the cum out of Zoe's starfish and feeding it to Scarlett. The sight was enough to get James's cock stirring again, and Doris was absentmindedly stroking him as she watched the debauchery below.

'Zoe, my little slave, was it what you hoped?' he asked with a mental grin, showing her his view of her still slightly stretched asshole and the two women cleaning her up.

'Oh god ... it was fucking AWESOME! Next time, you have to tie me down and let them have me.' she giggled, her mind awash with the possibilities.

'If you are a good girl... ' James teased.

When Angie, Scarlett and Doris left later that evening, Angie pulled James aside.

"So, was that for your benefit or hers?" she asked coyly.

"Why, for your benefit, of course!" James joked, then grinned shook his head. "Zoe has been hoping for something a bit more ... public. This is about as public as I get. She'd be ecstatic if I bent her over in the food court at the mall!"

"Scarlett is the same. The thought of being publically humiliated, treated like a sex toy with strangers around, drives her up the wall. You are a good Master, James." she said, giving him a kiss on the cheek. "Maybe, someday, you will share a bit more?" she asked suggestively.

"Time will tell." he said, winking at her.

Doris had finished giving Sally and Zoe hugs, their heads together for long minutes as they whispered back and forth. She came to James next, and gave him a hug, kissing him softly.

"Thank you, James, for inviting me to your ... party. Zoe has been dropping little hints for days, but I never imagined!" she said, blushing prettily.

"Thank you for coming, Doris! I know that Zoe and Sally missed you a lot, and you are welcome to come over any time you like. It's not always like this though." he joked, waving his hand to the living room that was still strewn with discarded clothes. James, Stacy, Zoe and Sally hadn't bothered to get dressed again.

"I don't know if I could handle this all of the time." she said in return, giving him another little kiss before leaving.

With the holidays over, and school back in session, life went back to normal, or as normal as it could get. The quartet loved the new house, and the new freedom, and quickly established a daily routine. Stacy, as the only member not going to school, was spending her days in the library, and working with Donovan Manning as his Girl Friday. She was able to file paperwork, check on permits and so on, and free him up to do the face-to-face meetings needed to build a network and get approvals on track.

There was a light at the end of the tunnel. Their consultancy was still at least a month or more from being launched, but Donovan had spread the word among his contacts that he had a crack investigative team that specialized in reading clients. The word he put out was that he had a set of natural readers, people who were adept at reading non-verbal cues, at interpreting micro-expressions and tics. He explained their abilities away as being walking, talking, human lie-detectors, and his efforts were bearing fruit.

An Ex-District Attorney turned corporate lawyer, someone he had dated for a while, before he got married when she was new to the DA's office, offered to give them a shot. She had a case that was stuck, both sides being intransigent. Her client accused the defendant of corporate espionage, but the defendant was claiming that their developments were simply a matter of parallel development, a coincidence. The lawyer, Margaret Wilson, was sure that the defendant was dirty, but was having a hard time proving it to be true.

She wanted James and his team to sit in on negotiations, and see if they could give her and her client, the edge they needed. With the caveat that it would have to be in the afternoons, James agreed and brought all three of the girls with him to the next meeting. They were all dressed in business wear and took seats along the wall, leaving the seats at the table for the attorneys and the clients.

Maggie Wilson, when asked, waved them off as Interns here for the learning experience.

The conference room was at her firm's down town office, the twelfth floor of a corporate tower in the heart of the city. James had driven the group in the Expedition, meeting with Maggie first to go over the game plan.

"James, I am glad to meet you! Donovan has been singing your praises for weeks now, and I figured it was worth a shot. My own investigators have some circumstantial evidence that the defendant was hacking into our client's system to steal data, but nothing concrete. Without something a jury would find definitive, we have been forced into negotiations and they aren't going well. If you can provide something, anything, that would help, your fees will be worth every penny."

"We will certainly do our best. This is Stacy, Zoe and Sally. We will all be watching and comparing notes. If we see something, how would you like us to let you know?"

"Just pass me a note. If I think I need more information, we can take a break and talk about it outside of the conference room."

"If you would, keep it light at first, then hit them hard. Concentrate on what you want to know most, about the hacking, about the designs that were stolen. We want to see them being defensive, see if they are hiding anything." He suggested, explaining that in stress situations, people were less likely to be able to hide the little tells that gave them away.

The other party arrived shortly, and James didn't bother to wait until the conference started before he began scanning. The group consisted of three people from the company, two lawyers and a pair of secretary slash aide types. James linked with Sally, since she had very little experience, and took the CEO, while Zoe and Stacy took the other two.

James could tell, right off the bat, that the defendants were nervous, though they had a certain smug self-assuredness that stemmed from forcing Maggie's firm into negotiations instead of going to court. They thought they had a much better chance of getting out of this more or less intact.

James kept a light contact, watching surface thoughts as the two parties met and went through introductions, the verbal sparring that took place before they got down to business.

Maggie did what James wanted, spending the first half hour just going over what had already been discussed. James kept his touch light, watching them grow bored at the recap. When Maggie paused for a moment, then changed the topic, he was ready.

"Mr. Pearsall, I want to step back for a second. My investigators show clear evidence of network intrusions. Someone has been hacking into my client's servers and the IP trace clearly shows that the intrusion originated in the building where you are renting office space."

As the CEO sputtered and denied any involvement, stating that there was no way to prove that it had come from their office instead of some other office in the building, James could clearly see what he was hiding, that their own technical guru had physically tapped into a neighboring office's router and piggy-backed on their network for the hack.

Bingo!

Now the problem was: How was he going to communicate that to Maggie without giving away the truth? Sally had the answer, and James was more than happy to let her run with it.

Sally quickly jotted down a note that said 'Other tenant's systems?' and slid it onto the table in front of Maggie. Maggie barely appeared to glance at the note before interrupting the CEO's repeated denials.

"We are in the process of getting a warrant to check for physical intrusion into your neighbor's systems." she tossed out.

'James, fucking bingo!' Stacy sent, showing him how her own target, the Chief Technical Officer was thinking. 'He was banging a secretary in the firm next to theirs and plugged in a wireless transmitter to their router. He is freaking because he hasn't been able to get back to get it. He broke off his affair after they got the info, and the secretary quit.'

'That's great, Stacy, but how do we pass that on without giving ourselves away?'

'Social engineering. There are lots of types of hacking, and social engineering is basically convincing people to give you the data you want. I learned about it in my psychology class. Ask her to hit them again about the other tenants in his building.'

James slipped Maggie a note asking her to really bore in on the other tenants, about their relationship with their neighbors.

Maggie segued into the topic smoothly, mentioning that she would have to get subpoenas for the building's other tenants, looking for collusion both willing and unwilling.

The CTO visibly flinched at that, and Maggie was off and running.

"You seem uncomfortable with that idea? Should we be questioning the other tenants? See if any of you have business or personal relationships with them?"

It was all downhill from there. At the end of a very long, but fascinating, day, the other firm had caved completely, and even agreed to pay damages, attorney fees and to reimburse the client for loss of income.

Maggie was ecstatic, her clients were overjoyed and James was satisfied that they had pulled it off without revealing their true talents. It was a win, win, win across the board.

The fee from this consultation wasn't stellar, but it wasn't chump change either. The $2,500 dollars that Maggie paid the group was just a drop in the bucket compared to the good word-of-mouth this would generate. This type of work could become more lucrative as they got more, and higher profile, clients. The fee was split along the lines agreed and James and his ladies took home $1,500 before taxes.

Donovan Manning was as happy as could be when James called to let him know. He immediately called Maggie and got her take on the job, reporting back that she was going to suggest to the partners in her firm that the new consultants were worth their weight in gold. Donovan knew that using Maggie as a reference, he could expand that part of their business into a money maker, and it would help fund the real reason for doing this, the hunting down of the scumbags who needed justice.

February and March were pretty calm, the group only getting two more assignments. One involved Maggie's firm trying to determine if a client was worth the time and effort needed to try his case (it wasn't) and another firm that was dealing in a nasty divorce between a couple with a substantial net worth and four children. Each of the cases brought in $5,000 a piece, which made all of them happy.

The beginning of April brought on two substantial changes to James and his lovers.

The first was the official launch of their consultancy business. The Oculus Group, with the eye of Horus as their logo, was now in business and even had a small office where Manning and Stacy would work. It was large enough that they could add a secretary if business picked up enough, though they would eventually want a bigger place when James, Zoe and Sally graduated.

The second change was a personal one. Sally had called a family meeting and James, fearing that she hadn't given up on her request to be forcibly enslaved, was almost tempted enough to ferret the information out of her head against his own promises not to.

The family meeting was done in bed, all four of them cuddled up in the master bedroom after dinner, and after they had all collapsed in a big sweaty pile of contented lovers.

'James, Stacy, Zoe, we need to talk.' Sally sent to her lovers.

They all sat up, arranging themselves against the big headboard and Sally scooting towards the foot of the bed so they could all see her.

'A while back I asked James to take me, to rip out my fears, my insecurities. I asked him to enslave me, to make me happy just being his property. James was horrified, but he promised to discuss it again and I told Stacy and Zoe I would think about it for a while. Well, I have thought about it, and I don't want it any more or, at least, not like that.' Sally paused, watching the three of them and sampling their emotions.

James was relieved, feeling like a huge weight had been lifted from his shoulders. He knew that he might have to forcibly take someone over, someday, but he sure as hell was not in a rush to do so, and he definitely didn't ever want to do that to someone he loved.

Stacy was relived too, though more for James's sake than for Sally's. She knew how tormented the girl had been, but James was her first priority and it would have hurt him almost as much if he gave in and did as she had asked.

Zoe was a little confused. She and Sally had become much closer, and she alone of the group knew how much Sally had enjoyed the party they had given over the holidays. Sally had been overjoyed at how free she had felt when James had ordered her to service first him, then Doris. It had made her so hot that they had masturbated together many times, reliving that evening. She knew that Sally had a submissive streak a mile wide, so her backing off on this was a shock.

Sally smirked at James's sigh of relief and shook her head.

'You are not getting off that easy, Daddy.' she sent privately to James.

'I want what Zoe has. I have changed a lot in the last few months, and I realize that my fears, my past, are a part of me. I don't want to become mindless anymore, that was the hurt talking, but I do want, I need, the structure, the sense of belonging that Zoe has. I feel so safe, so loved and so free when you are in control, James.' she sent to all of them. 'I want that and more. I want to submit, to you James, and to you, Stacy. I want a mommy and daddy to love me.'

'James!?' Stacy sent privately. 'What the hell?'

'I have been her Daddy for months, sweetheart. It's ... a little odd, but it makes her happy.' he admitted, showing her his private interactions with Sally.

Zoe had no reservations and practically pounced on Sally, bowling her over at the foot of the bed. 'YES! A sister wife and sister slave!' she gloated, raining kisses down on every inch of Sally's face.

Stacy shook her head, but at the sight of the two of them laughing and kissing, she nodded to James.

'Sally, baby girl, we are going to do this right. Have Zoe help you set it up.' he sent gently, adding wave after wave of love and acceptance.

Sally, tears on her cheeks but a huge smile on her face, turned to Stacy and James, crawling up the bed until she could wrap her arms around both of them.

'Thank you Daddy, thank you Mommy!' she sobbed, hugging them both close.

'We love you, baby girl.' Stacy said, kissing her cheek.
Chapter 25 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « Empath, Telempath, Leader, God Index « Chapter 24 |   Bottom
Chapter 25
Posted: December 07, 2015 - 08:38:22 am

The first Board of Directors meeting of the Oculus Group Inc. was set for Monday at one in the afternoon. It was late enough for James and the girls to get back from school, but early enough for them to have plenty of time to cover all of the topics that needed to be discussed.

The first order of business was for Donovan Manning to have them all review the mountains of paperwork he and Stacy had generated! In addition to the business license, the consultants certifications, insurance forms, tax forms, Articles of Incorporation and the company charter, there were local and state regulations, safety data and human resources documents!

By the time they were done, there was precious little time to talk about actual business plans, but they had gotten the distasteful stuff out of the way. In addition to a short briefing on which departments he had contacted, Manning had brought with him a stack of warrants. Each one of the warrants was someone for whom there was a reward offered, and his idea was that we could work those items between cases, as well as a backlog of cold cases that fit the profile they had discussed. In addition, he had expanded his word-of-mouth campaign to other law firms, listing our satisfied clients as references.

"It will take a while to build up a solid client base, but if things go like I expect, within a year we will be very busy. And that is on top of the real work we all want to do, tracking down and helping the police to take the worst of the bad guys off the street. People like that Leo Jackson Evers you caught." Manning explained.

"I think the three cases we have already taken are a good start, and the money isn't bad. We need to remember to put an escape clause in every contract, Donovan. We will not work for the bad guys, not on a civil case and definitely not on a criminal case. I am not about to help some scumbag work the system. I'll go join a carnival and guess people's ages first," James insisted.

"Agreed. I am with you one hundred percent on that one. I saw way too many scumbags walk free because of a technicality, and gaming the system has become a way of life for a lot of lawyers. Let's be the good guys!"

Manning's upbeat attitude and his high hopes were infectious, and the group left the offices in a good mood, full of hope for this new venture.

Manning came back to the house with them, and they invited both sets of parents over for dinner. They wanted to make sure that the parents were in the loop, and to get any ideas they might have as well. David, James's dad, had already suggested marketing their 'abilities' to business concerns as well, to make ends meet. A business man who had concerns about an investor or possible partner would be a natural client for their type of group.

Two weeks had passed since Sally's announcement about submitting to Stacy and James, and to be honest, James had half hoped she had changed her mind again, but Friday morning, Zoe told James that he was to make no plans after school.

Zoe and Sally, with help from Doris and even some from Stacy, had set up the master bedroom much like they had done for Zoe's ceremony. There were soft sheets hung from the ceiling, soft lighting, pillows on the floor around the bed and even mood music playing. Candles had been lit and James was pulled aside by Zoe, taken to a spare room where a silk robe had been laid out. She got him into the shower, jumping in with him and helping him wash. After she dried him off and got him into his robe, he was instructed to go back downstairs where Doris was making drinks and snacks.

Meanwhile, Sally was doing the same thing with Stacy, and James met her in the hallway. They walked hand in hand down the stairs and found Doris in the living room, a cute little maid's outfit on and a drink tray in hand.

"Doris? What's with the outfit? I mean, it looks great on you, but this isn't really your thing." James asked, giving her a pinch on the fanny.

"When Zoe asked me to help out a little, I thought this would be fun. I am leaving before the ceremony, but I since I had this outfit from Halloween, I brought it along." she giggled and smacked him on the arm for his attack.

James and Stacy each had a glass of wine and sat on the couch, snuggling a kissing a little while they waited. It wasn't more than twenty minutes when Zoe appeared, dressed in her own silk robe. She stood in front of them, dropped her robe to reveal that she was naked underneath, then assumed The Position.

"Master, if it pleases you, your presence is requested in the master suite." she said formally, her head bowed.

James looked over at Stacy and gave her a wink.

"Lead the way, slave." he ordered, then offered Stacy a hand up from the couch. They followed the very pert and sexy bare ass up the stairs and into the master bedroom, where they found Sally naked and in The Position near the foot of the bed. Around her neck was a simple collar and attached was a leather lead. There were two recliners in front of her and Zoe led them to the chairs, seating them before taking up The Position behind Sally.

"Sally, you have requested this and, against my better judgment, I am allowing it to happen. This must be of your own free will, and done without reservation."

Sally raised her head, the smile on her face was heartbreaking and James could feel his own eyes watering.

"James, Stacy, this is my heart's desire." She took the lead in her hands, holding it up to them. "My most passionate wish, is that you accept this. By taking this lead into your hands, you take my life, my soul, my happiness and my future into your hands as well. I will be yours. Your property. You will be my master and Mistress. I take with step without reservation and so must you do this without reservation," she said calmly, echoing the pledge that Zoe had used.

James took Stacy's hand and together the accepted the lead. Together they intoned, "We accept you as our slave, without reservations. You belong to us."

Tears were rolling down their cheeks, and down the cheeks of Zoe and Sally as well. James and Stacy gathered Sally into their arms and held her, stroking her hair and kissing away the tears. James made a mental pledge to take her to be tattooed, just as soon as he could. For now, there was other business.

'Baby girl, let your mommy and daddy show you how much they love you.'

James really didn't expect much to change with Sally's new status, so he was surprised when she seemed much happier, and much more open to everyone around her. It was even noticed in class by the twins.

"We thought Zoe was joking about this whole Master thing! You guys are serious about this? That's a little bizarre, isn't it?" Terri had a shocked expression on her face.

"Yeah, we thought it was like role-playing or something." Tabby added.

"People are complex. Each person has different needs and desires, and what might seem normal to you, like the fact that you two sleep together, might seem odd to some people." He continued over the sputtered denials from the twins. "Zoe and Sally feel happier, more free, when someone else makes most of the their decisions for them. They don't have to worry about bills and meetings, about what is right and what is wrong. All they have to do is what we tell them. If we are happy, they are happy."

"Why did you say that?" an indignant Terry sputtered.

"We aren't having sex!" snarled Tabby.

James just raised an eyebrow while Zoe and Sally smiled.

"James said sleeping together. You said sex, not him." Zoe said softly, sliding her arm around Tabby's waist. "I think it's hot!"

The twins exchanged glances and changed the subject.

"But is it like ... whips and chains and stuff? Everyone is so ga-ga about that Fifty Shades book, but we thought it was really creepy."

"That book was garbage, in my opinion. I don't claim to be an expert, but the two, pain and subservience, are not one and the same. A person can be submissive without liking pain, and can like pain without be subservient."

James stepped forward, into Tabby's personal space and locked eyes with the girl, lower his voice, adding some heat. He pushed just a little, sending a pulse of lust to the twins. "Have you ever had a fantasy about getting spanked for being naughty? Bent over someone's knee, your bottom bare to the whole world?"

Tabby's blush, and the tents here erect nipples made in her blouse, answered his question for him. He stepped back before continuing.

"That doesn't mean you are naturally submissive, it is just a little fantasy." he concluded softly, smiling at the twins.

"I like to be spanked." chimed in Terri with a cheap, her eyes locked on Tabby.

"Terri! Jesus H. Christ! Why would you tell them that?" Tabby yelled, her own face turning as bright red.

"But I do." Terri said in a small voice, much to the amusement of Zoe and Sally.

Throughout the rest of the week, the twins continued to pester them with questions whenever the teacher wasn't looking or when they were taking a break. By Friday, James had had enough.

"Enough! Look, if you two are so interested, maybe Sally and Zoe will invite you over. This bugging us in class is getting very old," he fumed, glaring at the twins.

They both looked contrite and not a little embarrassed, but they did leave James alone for the rest of the day which suited him just fine. He did notice them with their heads together, and with Sally & Zoe at the end of the day, but as long as they were not bugging him, he wasn't going to push.

On the drive home, Zoe was sitting in the back seat with Sally, their normal spots and, rather than try to complete with the music playing on the stereo, she began a silent conversation.

'I invited them over on Sunday, ' she sent to both James and Sally.

'The twins? Why would you do that? Shouldn't you have checked with me first, little slave?' James replied, tweaking her a bit.

'Have I been naughty, Master?' Her reply was laced with just a touch of lust and she included a mental image of her bent over the bed like she had been when he gave her the collar.

'Hmmm... ' James sent back an image of her bent over the coffee table, getting her butt smacked with a belt while the twins watched and laughed.

'Oh God! Um... ' her tone had changed from teasing to outright lust and he could feel waves of it rolling off of her, filling the interior of the Expedition. She was pinching her nipples hard, her eyes unfocused as she imagined the scene.

'I have been a good girl, Daddy!' Sally sent. She didn't like the same things Zoe did, didn't get turned on by the pain of spankings, though she did get quite a kick out of a the anticipation. She could work herself up into a frenzy just thinking about a promised spanking, and the thought of a stranger seeing her get spanked was enough to send her hand into her panties, right there in the back of the vehicle. What she really liked was the way James would kiss her bottom when he was done, and the reward of her favorite pacifier.

'Yes, Baby Girl, you have been a good girl. But I have a feeling you are in cahoots with your sister on this, and maybe you do deserve a spanking too, but I am not sure. Maybe I will sleep on it and decide tomorrow.' James sent, his senses extended enough to see her little hand become a blur on her clit.

'In fact, if I am going to spank Zoe, maybe I will have mommy spank you so my hand doesn't get so sore.' he continued, hiding his laugh as it sent her over the edge. He knew that her mother had been the disciplinarian in her house, so this was something that made the new Mistress/slave relationship between Stacy and Sally something extra, something special.

'When we get home, you know what to do.' He concluded, his voice now velvet wrapped steel. They both had the same rules. At home, loose clothing if they wore anything at all, and no panties. They would immediately go into the living room and assume The Position and wait for him. He didn't want to encourage them, so tonight they would both get a surprise. Neither of them would get spanked and they would be sleeping in the spare room. He grinned as he thought of how keyed up they would be later when he told them.

Saturday was Sally's tattoo appointment, and he made sure they were up early, grumpy as they were at having had to sleep alone, each in a separate bed and forbidden to touch themselves. What Zoe didn't know what that he was going to get her ink extended. Sally's would be larger than Zoe's initial tattoo, and even Stacy had agreed to get hers extended as well. He wanted then to have the freedom to work apart from him anywhere in the city if needed.

The work was slowly picking up at Oculus, with two more jobs scheduled for next week. There had been some movement on a couple of the warrants as well, with sightings being reported, and Manning was working those cases hard. He wanted to bring in a dozen or more of the higher profiled reward warrants to show the local department that they could be useful.

First though, the tattoos.

Arriving at the shop, Scarlett was waiting outside the front door, almost bouncing in anticipation. When they arrived and piled out of the car, Scarlett ran straight to Sally and launched herself into Sally's arms, covering her face with kisses.

"Sister! I was so happy for you when I heard! I can't believe I have another beautiful sister." She was bubbling and smiling, her eyes alight with pleasure.

"Scarlett, you silly slut, who told you?" Sally said, grinning and returning the hugs.

"Zoe might have let it slip." She grinned impudently at Zoe, sticking out her tongue.

"Tattletale! I am so telling your Mistress on you!" Zoe mock glared at the cute little tattooed slave.

Scarlett just stuck her tongue out again and grinned.

"She may not, but I may have to tell her you left customers out in the parking lot while you attended to personal matters." James pretended to be stern with the little slave, but he adored her.

"Oh! Master James, Mistress Stacy, I am so sorry!" She actually looked repentant, stepping back from Sally and dropping her gaze. She scooted to the door and opened it, ushering them all inside the shop.

"She found you, I see," came Angie's voice through the door behind the counter. Angie walked into the waiting area and offered her cheek to James and Stacy.

"She was so excited that I didn't have the heart to say no when she wanted to wait outside." She was smiling lovingly at her slave.

"So I saw." James winked at Angie then continued in a stern voice. "She completely ignored us and left us standing there while groping our Sally."

"Oh?" Angie turned her gaze on Scarlett and watched as the girl sank down to the floor, her forehead against the tile.

"And what do you think I should do about this disobedience?" Angie asked, returning James's wink. Stacy was covering her mouth to hide her grin. Zoe and Sally were both looking nervous and, when James turned his glare their way, they assumed The Position.

"Well, Sally is her to get tattooed for the first time, and she is not quite the pain slut that our little Zoe is, so maybe Scarlett could be tasked with making sure Sally is distracted while she gets inked?" James had to really work hard not to laugh at loud as he watched Scarlett begin to vibrate. Sally wasn't much better though, her own wiggles were very obvious.

"Hmm..." Angie temporized, her own grin wide enough to split her face. "She might not find that a punishment, eating pussy is her favorite activity, the little dyke. Maybe I should have her service you instead, make her gag on your cock." This time, Scarlett's vibration was more pronounced.

James took a peek and could see that the act itself was distasteful to the slave, but the idea of being forced to service him in front of her Mistress and his own harem was deliciously humiliating and she was working hard not to rub her thighs together.

"If you really wanted to punish her, you could blindfold her and stick her in a corner. She could sit and listen to the tattoo gun, and to my slaves distracting each other while you work on them."

That did the trick, James was surprised at Scarlett's control. She had gone perfectly still, her ears straining, wanting nothing more than to leap to her feet and beg her Mistress for leniency.

"She does love to watch the needles, not as much as feeling them herself, mind you, but still." Angie replied, clenching her teeth to keep from laughing.

"Oh get up, Scarlett! If you pee on the floor, you will be cleaning it up with your tongue!" she said, laughing out loud and petting her slave when Scarlett wrapped herself around Angie's legs.

'Up, both of you.' James sent, smiling at the grins on their faces when Zoe and Sally stood. Zoe wrapped her arms around him while Sally did the same to Stacy.

The rest of the visit was relaxed, all of them having a lot of fun laughing and chatting during the tattoo session. Scarlett did get a chance to help out, much to Sally's embarrassment (and pleasure). Sally returned the favor by distracting Stacy while she got her own tattoo. Zoe enjoyed hers without distraction.

The first job was scheduled for Monday after school. They met Manning and Stacy at Oculus to get briefed on what was needed. The client was the CFO of an up and coming investment firm and was looking for the right person to manage a new office being opened in this city. The position gave the candidates unprecedented access to both the firm's and the client's money, and with the scandals that had rocked the investment world in the last few years, they wanted to be sure the person chosen could be trusted.

Manning had suggested that the CFO interview each of the three candidates here at the Oculus Group offices, while James and his ladies watched from the next room. A video feed would be piped to monitors so they could actually see the interviewees, but the real work didn't require sight. After assuring Manning that they could read the candidates easily from the next room, he contacted the CFO and told him that the plan was a go.

Carlton Wainright III was a tall, well built and elegantly dressed corporate type. His chiseled jaw, salt and pepper hair and thousand dollar suit just screamed success and his smile was just the right amount of self-deprecating humor and bonhomie that had brought in enough clients to propel himself up the corporate ladder quickly. When he strode into the Oculus Group offices that afternoon, he seemed to dominate the room without saying a word.

Manning introduced him as our client, and Wainright made the rounds, shaking hands and telling everyone how excited he was to be working with them. He said he had heard great things about them from Maggie Wilson, and was looking forward to seeing them work their magic on his management candidates.

James hated him the second he came into his sensory range. He wasn't sure exactly why, on the surface anyway, just that there was a mental, or maybe emotions, stench about the man that caused him to feel physically nauseas.

He wasn't the only one. Stacy, Zoe and Sally all had the same, patently fake, smiles on their faces that James had pasted on his own, and they quickly agreed when he suggested they head into the observation room and let Manning explain the process to the client again.

'Fuck the candidates, we need to find out what this guy's game is!' Stacy was straight and to the point, her eyes locked on James's.

'Our agreement with Manning is that we have the right to refuse to work with any customer. I am all for shit-canning this guy right now, but I want to know why he is making all of us feel this way. Let's take a closer look.' James was in complete agreement.

James linked the girls in closely and sent his probe into Wainright's mind. The first impression, before he even began to penetrate the core, was that all of the emotions, all of the colored ribbons that he envisioned to identify those emotions, were off. The greens of pleasure were muddy and shaded towards brown, and the reds of passion were headed towards purple. There was a lot more gray and black, those colors James associates with scorn and hatred, than he had ever seen before. This was not a nice guy.

Penetrating this core, spearing the infinitely sharp point of his probe through to the center of the man, it was easy to tell why. The man was a sociopath and a sadist. His pleasures always involved someone else's degradation. His passions were tied up in inflicting physical and emotional pain, in grinding people down just because he could, then reveling in their despair.

This meeting was not about finding the most honest candidate, it was about finding the candidate he could bend to his will; the candidate that could be suborned and used as a cat's paw in his own, on-going scheme to bilk his own firm and their clients. They could clearly see the memories where he had ruined the lives and futures of other employees, using them as sacrificial lambs.

'How could he be so handsome and nice on the outside, but be so rotten inside?' Zoe was aghast at what they had found, unable to believe the disconnect between outer appearance and inner being. This man was, in his own way, as evil as Leo Evers had been, but Evers had been as distasteful on the outside as he was on the inside.

'You mean like my father?' Sally asked, her mental voice barely a whisper.

'But what do we do about him?' Stacy asked, horrified by what they had found.

'Think people! We need a way to expose this jerk, and we certainly aren't going to help him find a candidate that will help him. Do we do the same thing we did to Evers? This time, we aren't likely to get as lucky if he starts talking. With Evers, everything just thinks he is loony.' James wracked his brain, trying to figure out a way to expose him both to Manning and to his own company. There wasn't a body to find and any evidence would be electronic, money transfers and the like, not physical.

'James, remember when you helped Sally? How precise can you be about removing memories?' Stacy asked, an idea bubbling up in the back of her mind.

'I didn't have a clue what I was doing when I did that. I was taking a huge risk, but Sally was going to shut down so I went ahead anyway. I didn't want to lose her, ' James sent a wave of love and happiness to Sally, showing her how glad he was that she had recovered and joined their family. 'The fact is, it could have gone horribly wrong.'

'We are four now. More power, but does it mean more precision too?' Sally asked thoughtfully.

'I just don't know. Look, Manning is about ready to bring the first one in. No matter what we decide, we can't do it until after the interviews. I don't want to involve innocents in this. Let the candidates finish and leave, and we will hold Wainright here afterwards.' James decided.

As they watched the interview progress, James dipped into the minds of all three management contacts and found that only one of them was actually honest. The other two, in one way or another, had been involved in their own petty schemes to line their pockets with clients' money. James was not surprised, considering what he knew about Wainright's motives. He was more surprised that the third candidate was actually clean.

The interview of the third candidate, the honest one, was almost complete when Zoe sat up straight and turned to face James.

It was time to include Manning on this. He wanted the man's experience and his advice. He send a probe to him, filling him in on everything they had learned about Wainright and the candidates.

He was, at first, apologetic about accepting a client that was dirty. Then he got pissed. He was not used to being taken in, and he was all for finding a way to take the guy down, but wasn't sure of the best way to start.

'If we knew exactly how his scheme worked, how he was stealing and where the money was, we could turn that over to his bosses, and to the cops. Without proof, there is little we can do. Is there any way you can. you know, fiddle around in there and find what we need?' He asked James, concentrating on making his thoughts clear. He wasn't used to this, communicating mentally, and it gave him the heebie-jeebies even though he knew the kids were good people.

James and his loves all exchanged grins at his discomfort, but didn't let it show through the connection.

'Maybe, but we need to put him in the hot seat. See, the brain is not like a library. There is no index, no card catalog. We need to get him thinking along the lines we need, then we can find the right threads to pull. Follow them, dig deeper. His scheme with the candidates was right there on top, because of the interviews, and his sadistic crap was easy to find because of his messed up emotional state. Finding account numbers and things like that would be a lot harder.' James explained.

'If we can get him thinking along those lines ... how about this? As soon as the third guy leaves, you go into the interview room and engage him. Confront him with what we know. I can keep him from bolting and he won't even know why he can't move. Hammer him on methods and accounts and things like that. I'll send anything I get back to you so you know what to ask next. You are much more experienced at interrogating dirt balls.' James continued thoughtfully.

Manning like the idea and was poised outside the interview room as the third interview wound down. James gave him his cue and Manning opened the door just as Wainright was thanking the candidate for his time. He held up a hand to Wainright to stay behind, and waited until the candidate had left the room. Stacy was just outside and escorted the man out, locking the front door behind her before rushing back to the observation room to be with her family.

"Mr. Wainright, we have been observing as we agreed and we have some questions of our own." Manning said as he moved to take the seat the candidates had used.

"My observers noticed a few irregularities and I wanted to address those now, while they are fresh in our minds. If you don't mind, of course?" He said smoothly, and smiled as Wainright took his seat again with a flash of impatience.

"The arrangement was that you were to submit a report to my office. What makes it so important that we discuss this now? I do have a busy schedule."

"My observation team tells me that you have been systematically looting the company for several years and that this interview process was so that you could pick a new patsy to use in your schemes, not to find the best honest candidate for the new position." Manning said, his demeanor changing from friendly consultant to dedicated homicide cop as rapidly as flipping a switch. His years of experience intimidating violent criminals had given him real insight into how to handle hostile interrogations.

He was on his feet, fists resting on the table and he was leaning towards Wainright, invading the man's space and putting him on the defensive. His tone was aggressive and accusing, his eyes glaring at the man across from him and his expression cold and implacable.

Wainright, taken off guard, was confused and not a little frightened at the sudden change in tone and the former detective's manner.

"That is an outrageous accusation! How dare yo..." his voice cut off mid-syllable, his eyes going wide in fright and his hand flying to his throat.

James, in the observation room, was fully linked with all of the ladies and was buried deep in Wainright's mind. He was watching the way the man reacted while the three ladies were pulling threads, sorting the thoughts flitting through his mind and following any that looked useful.

James, seeing that Wainright was going to lie right off the bat, decided to play with the man. Every time he would start to lie, James was going to cut off his ability to speak. Let's see how he liked that! One other precaution he took was to reach down deep, follow the pulses to his spinal cord and block impulses to his legs, leaving him unable to stand and walk. The experience he had gained with Evers stood him in good stead and he knew exactly how to proceed, and much quicker than the last time.

Wainright was frightened. He could breathe, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't complete that sentence!

"Now, Mr. Wainright, you will notice that your ability to speak has been ... interrupted. That is because you were going to lie to me. I am going to ask you a series of questions. If you attempt to lie, you will find that you are incapable of speaking. However, if you tell the truth, you will be able to talk freely. Pretty simple, really. My first question is how. How are you funneling funds from your company to your own personal accounts?" Manning, now seated and relaxed in his chair, crossed his legs and sat back, staring expectantly at Wainright.

"How are you doing this? I don't have to stand for this! I am leaving and I am going to sue your company for every dime you own!" Wainright blustered, but his expression turned from indignation to fear when he tried to stand and found his legs wouldn't cooperate.

"What have you done? What is the meaning of this?" his voice rose a couple of octaves, fear radiating from him.

"Why, I haven't done a thing, Mr. Wainright. I think it is your guilty conscience. You don't really want to leave, you want to clear your breast and repent. Think of me as your priest! Now, answer my question. How are you bilking the company?" Manning's voice went from reasonable to cold again, catching the man off guard.

"I want my lawyer!"

Stacy, excited, showed the rest what she had found. Each time Manning asked his question, Wainright's mind had shied away from the truth but couldn't help but touch on the memories even if he refused to actually think about them. His scan wasn't new, but his twist on an old scam was rather ingenious. He was skimming pennies. He had installed, or more accurately, had paid a hacker to install, a filter on the company's computer that fudged interest calculations. The computer was programmed to calculate interest based on the underlying security, but since you couldn't pay out fractions of a penny, it would round up or down, based on how the programming was set up. It would round up if the fraction was greater than half a penny, and round down if it was less than half a penny.

What his filter did was strip the fractions completely and let them accumulate in a hidden account. Since his company did billions of dollars worth of stock and bond transactions weekly, literally hundreds of thousands of buy and sell orders, the fractions would add up quickly. This method, while much slower than just draining the company's accounts, had netted Wainright more than twenty million dollars over the last five years.

Manning listened carefully and nodded, then switched tact with Wainright.

"What are you doing with the money you skim? I am going to need account numbers and a method to access those accounts."

Wainright tried to say that he didn't have any idea what the man was talking about, but again found that he couldn't. No matter how he tried to phrase his lie, he couldn't say the words.

"How are you doing this? I am going to file charges for kidnapping and have all of you thrown in prison for the rest of your miserable lives!" he screamed in frustration.

Zoe was on this one, following the threads that appeared. 'He really doesn't remember the account numbers an passwords, but he has a file on his computer called 'Vacation' that has the info we need. How are we going to get to his computer though?'

'We don't have to. We just have to get the info to his bosses.' James explained, then asked Manning if he wanted to contact the company before they released Wainright.

'I do, but what are we going to do about him? Can you make him forget about this?' Manning asked silently.

'I am going to try.'

This started off as a shorter story, but I had a lot of fun writing and, before I knew it, it had grown beyond what I planned.

To be continued.

[Edit]
Thanks to PapaKilo14 for his editing help

(Yes, I finally got some help, don't hyperventilate!)
Your opinion is important:
Share with others what you think about
"Empath, Telempath, Leader, God"
     

To Be Continued...
Share: twitter Tweet

Go to Reluctant_Sir’s Blog
Last entry on 2016-06-14
Posted: 2015-09-16
Version: 1.00
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author


