My Introduction To CFNM Ch. 01
byPro_Ball_Player©

Author's Note: I apologize for the slow start on this story. This is a new genre for me, perhaps I'll continue it if the comments are positive.

I have come to accept the fact that there are many different levels of love and lust. For example, you can love your car or your favorite rock band, but that type of love isn't the love that will fill your heart with happiness and make you feel warm and content from morning to night. For the most part, you'll only get that kind of fulfillment from loving another human being.

To go along with that, we can lust for someone we see, perhaps a person that catches our eye in a certain way, but in most cases, that lust is only a fleeting wish.... a mere unobtainable twinge of excitement when we see them – then it's gone once the moment passes or they are out of sight.

So, alas, many of us are destined to accept and be satisfied with what ever love and lust we happen to have available to us at any given point in time. We accept these available levels of love and lust because that's the practical thing to do. We settle for what we have and the rest becomes fantasies, wishes and dreams.

Of course, the best possible situation is when the person you have available to love is the same person you constantly and fully lust for. It's even better if that person reflects back your love and lust so that the two of you feed each other's feelings, wants and desires. I don't know many people who have that kind of reflecting relationship. But, I do know a few, and I am, as you might be, incredibly jealous of them.

While I used to consider myself happy in love, the truth is that I have settled for what is within reach. Running parallel to that is the fact that I used to consider myself happy in lust, too. But, I realize now that I have settled for what is within reach there, also. While the love and lust within reach used to be enough to keep me satisfied, I find myself more and more looking for that robust and deeply contenting love and the lust that goes along with it hand in hand.

That brings me to a point to where I can start this story.

I have heard it said that for each person, there is a perfect mate. For each of us there is someone, somewhere who we can unconditionally love perfectly and completely, both from the heart and from the crotch. You know what I mean, don't you? That certain person with whom you would be eternally satisfied to simply sit next to, or to hug, or just hold hands with. It's the person whom you sexually desire so much that it's not your own sexual pleasure you long for – but, in fact, it's their pleasure and gratification which brings you joy. We have all known that one perfect love, or had one, or had the chance with one - that perfect person that tweaked you just the right way in your heart and deep in your undies.

For me, it's not a matter of thinking back to the past. She's a friend of mine – my friend Sharron. I've known her for at least ten years. Most people would characterize our relationship as being platonic, but for me, it's much more. She is, without a doubt, my perfect love.... and my perfect lust. The only problem is that she hasn't realized it (yet). I'm pretty sure she sees me as her "non-threatening male" since I've never really tried to hit on her.

Now, being seen as a non-threatening male is both a good thing, and a bad thing. It's a good thing because it opens up a lot of opportunities to be together when she doesn't have to have her guard up and she can simply be herself.

When it's only the two of us together, I get the greatest joy just being in Sharron's presence. She is, for me, the most beautiful and the sexiest woman in the world. And, given half the chance, I know I could easily be hopelessly and totally in love with her.

We've shared secrets, helped each other with our ups and downs, gone through episodes of car problems, illnesses, surgeries....... you name it and we've either done it or shared it.

On the flip side, being the non-threatening male can also be horrible because I can't really show any affection to her as a woman since that might destroy the special relationship I have with her as the non-threatening male. If she knew that I was in a constant state of sexual excitement when I was around her, or that it was her face and her body I dreamed of when I masturbated, how would she react?

All of that became a mute point a few weeks ago, though. In the flash of an eye, it all changed and an opportunity was created where one had never before existed. That's what this story is about.

We both happened to find ourselves out after work one night, helping a friend celebrate her birthday at a local watering hole. Eight or nine of us sat around the table trading stories and telling each other what we've been up to. Eventually, Sharron and I ended up sitting next to each other. Of course, after a few drinks our knees had accidentally touched under the table, and our elbows had rubbed – all of it harmless touching, but it was driving me to a point where my cock was about to explode. I'm sure she didn't even realize what she was doing to me - the innocent nature of it creating just the right tension to set me on a long, slow boil.

As the waitress returned to check our drinks, one of the girls with us ordered "Sex On The Beach". My ears and eyes perked up upon hearing those words. Seeing my surprised expression, the girl of my dreams leaned over to me and whispered "It's a drink, silly."

Now, I don't get out to the bars much and I'm definitely not up to date on the latest drink names, but when she saw the curious look on my face she said "Don't tell me you've never had Sex On The Beach?" Before I could answer, Sharron leaned in close to me and said "Or, maybe you would prefer to try a Slippery Nipple?"

I couldn't stop my self, and, with the alcohol firmly in control I took a chance and answered her in a way that could have a very broad interpretation. "Damn, I'd almost be willing to get naked for that!"

"Ah," Sharron replied, "so the idea of having a Slippery Nipple with me appeals to you, does it?"

"Baby," I answered confidently and nonchalantly, "you have no idea how much I would give to share a slippery nipple with you."

As she pulled back, her eyebrows rose and I saw clearly that she fully realized the embedded and implied meaning of my reply. She was surprised, I could see that, but she didn't act disgusted or mad at my comment. I dared not go any further with it, though. She got the message, I was sure of it.

The next hour was filled with more innocent touching of our hands, shoulders and feet. For me, it was pure torture since it only served to increase my level of excitement, causing my hard-on to throb uncontrollably in my pants. I doubt she knew I was about to go over the edge and spontaneously erupt inside my jeans, spewing hot cum all over myself. When I knew I could take no more of it, I made up an excuse and told them I had to go.

They all said goodbye to me as I started to gather my things and stand to leave. But in the semi-darkness of the bar, she stood also and moved toward me to give me a gentle, friendly hug. I'm sure those who saw the hug might not have thought much about it, but, when I felt her breasts swell into me and her pelvis press firmly into my engorged erection, 'friendly' was not the word I would have used.

"We'll have to work on that slippery nipple thing." Sharron whispered. "Who knows, I just might call your bluff."

"It's no bluff." I replied, looking directly at her. "I assure you," I added, "I wasn't kidding." For a minute, she appeared shocked. Then a small smile appeared at the corners of her mouth. As I turned to walk toward the door, she gave me a little wave to send me on my way.

Knowing the alcohol must have moved her to tease me, I didn't give our brief conversation much thought as I left the bar. But after a few minutes and as I was about to pull out of the bar parking lot, I got a text page from her on my cell phone asking "U were just kidding right?"

Answering as quickly as I could, I text paged her back saying "No, I wasn't kidding."

I didn't see her again for a few of days. But she called my cell phone one morning while I was at work asking if I wanted to meet her for lunch that afternoon. So without much discussion I answered "Sure" and we made plans to meet for lunch.

During our lunch neither she, nor I, brought up the subject of the bar, the slippery nipple, or my comment about being naked. That is..... until it was time to leave.

It was my turn to pay the check. So after I paid and the waiter brought me my change, she casually got up from where she was sitting on her side of the booth and quietly slipped into the booth right beside me. As I scooted over to make room for her, she crossed her arms over her chest and announced that I wasn't going anywhere until we finished our discussion from the night at the bar.

"Okay," I said, "which discussion was that?"

"Come on, don't play dumb. You know damn well what discussion I'm talking about." She replied.

"Is this about the slippery nipple comment?" I asked.

"Well," she interrupted, "if I remember correctly, I think you said something about willing to get naked when I asked if you wanted to try a Slippery Nipple."

"Oh, please," I said, trying to protect my non-threatening male position, "you know we were all drinking that night."

"The way it sounded to me was that you made some kind of offer to get naked if I showed you my nipple." She explained. "Then when I text paged you to ask if you were serious about it, you said you were. Am I missing something here, or, is my memory going bad?"

I couldn't look her square in the eyes. I reached for the glass of water sitting in front of me and I took a big gulp. "Actually," I said, "I didn't specifically say those words, but, that was definitely the intent. I really didn't expect you to pick up on it, though."

"Then I picked up on it correctly, didn't I?" She asked. "You would get naked if I showed you my nipple?"

"Yes," I answered.

"You mean you would get totally naked and stand in front of me like that just to see my nipple?" She asked again.

This time I looked at her when I answered. "Yes," I replied, "I would."

"Just to see my nipple? One nipple? Don't you think that's kind of an extreme thing to do just to see a stupid nipple?" She asked. "Why would you do that?"

"You wouldn't understand," I replied, "I don't think you could ever understand, Sharron."

"Well, why don't you try me," she said, "maybe I'll understand if you explain it to me."

At this point, I was in a no win situation. There wasn't much I could do to get myself out of this mess. The best I could do is be truthful with her and hope she would understand.

"Sharron," I began, "before I explain, will you promise to forgive me for anything I might say and promise it won't ever affect our friendship?"

"I promise," she replied, adding "we've been friends far too long for anything as ridiculous as a nipple to come between us. Besides, what's the big deal about a nipple, anyway?"

"I'm glad you feel that way, and I hope you still feel that way after you hear me out." I said. "And, remember you promised to forgive me.... I'm going to hold you to that."

"Yeah, ok," she replied, "so what's all this about?"

"The truth is, uh, and this is hard for me say.... is that I love you." I started out. "I mean, I'm in love with you. Not just as my friend, but, as a woman, too. I dream about you every night, Sharron, and when I think about making love, I dream that it's you I'm making love with."

A look of surprise came over her face and any semblance of a smile was wiped away as her face went totally blank.

I went on to explain to her that I didn't know when or how it started, but that it just happened and then grew deeper over time. I recounted many of the fun times we had together and how she was the first thing I thought of in the morning and the last thing I thought about at night. I told her that other women didn't interest me and I confessed to her my total devotion and love. I even told her how I fantasized about her when I masturbated. All in all, I must have talked for a good twenty minutes before I was done. When I finished, she sat there for a minute and then reached out to grasp my hand before she spoke.

"I really don't know what to say, you know?" She began. "I never expected this after so many years just being friends. I'm flattered that you feel that way about me, but, I would be leading you on if I told you I felt the same."

My heart sank and I saw ten years of my life begin to dissolve into nothing. Now I was going to lose her as my friend with absolutely no hope of anything else at all. I felt shattered.

Seeing my pain, she squeezed my hand in hers and continued, saying, "You have to know that you are, without a doubt, my closest friend... my oldest and best friend. The one I can count on when it really matters and the last one in the world that I would ever want to hurt. You're the only guy in the world that has treated me as a real and true friend. You've never done anything to make me question your motives and you've never lied to me. You've never done the typical guy things like try to trick me into going to bed with you or tried to get into my pants.... you're my perfect friend. But, I could never be your girlfriend – don't you see? And I do love you, too. Really I do, but it's not the kind of love you want us to have. It's not the man-woman kind of love. I would do anything for you, but you can't live your life everyday waiting for me to come around and finally become your girlfriend and lover. I can't let you do that to yourself."

"Please don't be hurt," she added, "and please don't stop being my best friend or let this get in between us. You mean too much to me to let that happen."

As I listened to her, it hit me that she was truly moved with my admission and confession. As she spoke, she held my hand in her lap and at some point, I knew that the torch I was carrying for her needed to be put out. I needed to let her go.

By the time we finished talking, two hours had gone by and the waiter had been by every 15 minutes to see if we wanted anything. We'd ordered some coffee so we could sit together without being bothered, and the waiter was courteous enough not to hover around us while we sat there. During our talk, we both had momentary bouts of tearing, and as we worked through it, we held each other's hand.

Emotionally, I felt like I had been in a wreck. I had laid out my heart and soul to her, and although she was gentle as she rejected my love, it still took a tremendous toll on me and I felt tired and exhausted.

"So," she asked, "are you okay?"

"Yeah, I think so. It feels good to have finally told you, even though it didn't turn out the way I wanted. I'll be fine, though." I answered.

"I guess that just leaves one more thing," she replied, "the slippery nipple thing."

I laughed. Sharron did, too, but when our laughter died down, she reminded me, saying "I think you made an offer we need to talk about."

Now it was my turn to be surprised. What was she alluding to?

"I think," she said, as she leaned back against the padding in the booth, "you eluded to the fact that you would get naked if I showed you my nipple?"

I laughed again, but this time, she wasn't laughing with me. "You can't be serious. You mean after the talk we just had?" I asked.

"Now don't misunderstand me here," she said, "but, you're kind of a cute guy and I wouldn't mind seeing you naked. Besides, as close as we've been for the last ten years, I'm surprised we haven't seen each other naked before. What could it hurt?"

I had to stop myself from seeing this as an opportunity to change her mind about loving me as I paused to consider her logic. Did I want to see her nipple? Yes, I guess so. I've lusted after her for ten years and never seen any part of her charms uncovered. This might be the only chance I'll ever get to see her bare breast, and who knows, maybe she'll feel sorry for me and I might get a hand job or maybe a blow job...... hell, I might even get a mercy fuck!"

But, before I could open my mouth to agree, she asked me, "Have you ever heard of CFNM?"

I had no idea of what she was talking about and I'm sure the expression on my face showed it. "No," I answered, "is that another kind of drink?"

"Not hardly." She said, chuckling softly. "It stands for Clothed Female Nude Male. It's where a man completely undresses and stays naked while in the presence of a female. It's something I read about on the internet and it sounds fascinating."

"Is it some kind of punishment, or game, or something like strip poker?" I asked.

"No," she explained, "I read that it's probably more like a fetish. Some men actually like being naked around women, and some women simply like to see a naked man without any strings attached. You wouldn't turn down the chance to see me, or some other woman naked would you?"

"Are you kidding? I would love to see you naked." I answered.

"Then, why wouldn't I want to see you or another man naked?" She asked.

She had me there. I'll be the first to admit that I wouldn't turn away from a naked female. But, this was really weird. Especially after just telling her I was in love with her and that I've lusted after her for ten years. Now she's trying to get me naked. It made no sense at all.

"I'm really confused, Sharron." I said. "When I told you I was in love with you, you made it sound like there would never be anything between us besides friendship. Now, we're talking about being naked in front of each other. Isn't that close to teasing me?"

"Whoa, boy. Slow down there." She replied. "I didn't say anything about me being naked in front of you. I said this was Clothed Female – Nude Male, remember? That means you would be naked and I would be dressed. Well, I would let you see my nipple, but, other than that, I would be dressed."

"Oh, come on!" She added. "It will be fun! It will be just us and I'll never tell anyone. You can come over in the morning, and stay at my place all day. You've done that hundreds of times. You told me you've always wanted to go to a nude beach..... you even asked me to go to one with you. What the difference? I'll fix a nice dinner for us, and then you can go home. We'll just spend the day together. No problem."

It was true, I did ask her once if she would go to a nude beach with me, but that was a purely selfish and feeble attempt on my part to see her topless or naked. I didn't necessarily intend it as an opportunity for me to be naked in front of her for hours. Still though, the thought of being naked in front of the one I loved, was appealing, and the more I thought about it, the more I wanted to say 'yes'.

"Let's just say I was okay with this," I offered, "you're going to show me your bare nipple.... and for more than one second?"

"Yes," she answered, "I promise I'll let you look at it longer than a second. Jeez!"

"And what if I, you know.... get an erection while I'm there?" I asked.

"I have seen other men naked, you know." Sharron replied. "I know guys get hard-ons. If you get one, it will be okay. I won't mind at." Her face broke into a huge grin as she said, "Really, I won't mind at all and I'll try not to stare too long."

"Oh, great!" I sighed. "I'll be walking around with a hard-on for hours while you're staring at it."

"Well," she said, "you can always, uh, take care of it, you know."

"You mean masturbate while I'm at your house?" I asked.

"Sure, why not? Everyone does it. You already told me you do it. I don't think that would bother me at all." She said. "In fact," she continued, "I'd love to watch."

At that, I snapped my head around and looked at her. She sat there smiling back at me, hunching her shoulders up and holding her hands up as if to say "what's the big deal?"

"Be truthful with me," she asked, "and tell me you wouldn't want to watch a woman play with herself. Tell the truth, now."

"Okay, I see what you mean." I said. "So if I had to get some relief, that would be okay with you?"

"Absolutely!" She answered.

"And since you're going to be getting your jollies watching me walk around with a hard-on and watching me jack-off," I asked, "would you agree to let me look through your lingerie if I needed some, uh..... stimulus to make myself cum?"

"You're going to let me watch you do it?" She gasped.

"Only if you let me look through your lingerie, and don't interfere." I answered.

"Oh, that's kinky," she replied, "but, okay. You can do whatever you want with any of my lingerie if it's going to help."

"Alright then, I'll do it." I said. "But it's got to be just me and you... no one else! And you promised not to say anything about this. Ever. This is our secret, right?"

"You have my word on that." She replied.

We talked a few minutes about when my nude debut would be. After some discussion, we decided that Saturday would be a good day since I could help her clean her condo and do some 'man' things around the place for her.

As we were walking out of the restaurant, she hooked her arm in mine and we walked side by side to her car. When she unlocked the door, I opened it for her and she slipped into the seat. She stopped with one foot in the car and one foot on the ground, treating me to a nice view of her yellow panties pulled tight across her pussy as she held her legs open.

"Go ahead," she said, "I don't mind if you look. I've known for a long time that you have a panty thing. I shouldn't be teasing you like this, but, you're gong to be seeing all my panties on Saturday, anyway..... so, it doesn't matter if you see these now."


While I looked, she actually moved her legs a little and adjusted herself in the seat, helping my view. I could almost make out what I thought was her slit, obviously in the middle of her panty, pushing against the material. I was trying desperately not to look too obvious in case someone walking through the restaurant parking lot saw us. But, after a minute or two, as I was fully concentrating on the sight before me, she asked "Are you hard right now?"

Instead of answering her question, I decided to turn the tables on her. Looking up, I smiled and asked "Are you wet right now?"

She nodded her head up and down and I swear she opened her legs a little further and tilted her pelvis in the seat so I could see better.

Not caring now who might see me peering between her legs, I started to lean in closer until she put her hand on my chest to stop me. "That's far enough." She said. "I answered your question, but, you didn't answer mine."

"Yes, Sharron," I answered, "I'm very hard right now. Want to see it?"

"Right here?" She exclaimed.

"I'll get in the car next to you and pull it out, but, you'll have to take your panties off first and give them to me.... to keep, and then I'll let you see it." I replied.

I could see the wheels turning inside her head. I had seen that look before when she was trying to make a quick decision on what to do. Sometimes, I could almost see smoke pouring out of her ears, she was thinking so hard.

"Not here. We could get caught." She said as she closed her legs and reached for the door handle to pull the door closed. "Follow me over to the condo. It's only five minutes away. Okay?" I smiled and agreed.

Hurrying over to my car, I pulled out of the parking lot and drove directly behind her all the way so she couldn't get too far ahead of me. In as much as I was going to let her see my hard cock, I wanted to make sure she didn't have time to get there before me, go inside and change her panties. If they were wet, they would be a prize I would treasure forever, and well worth the price of letting her see my cock. On top of that, in the whole ten years we've known each other, we had never had any sexual intimacy together, or talked this openly about sex, and here I was about to get her wet panties and show her my cock. In the matter of a few hours, things had sure changed.

As I pulled my car into the driveway behind hers, I shut it off and jumped out of the car. She waited for me at the top of the walkway and as she put her key into the door lock, she turned and said "I can't believe we're doing this!"

"Me, either," I replied, "but, I have to admit I'm pretty turned on right now."

"Yeah," She agreed, as she opened the door to let us in. "I know what you mean. My heart is thumping a million times a minute. You're not going to back out, are you? You're going to keep your word, right?"

"Sharron, have you ever known me to break a promise to you?" I asked.

"No," she replied, "and I think that's what excites me. I know you'll do it. I just don't know if I can go through with it. I can't believe I agreed to give you my wet panties!"

Closing the door behind us, we walked into her kitchen and looked at each other, neither of us saying a word. Finally, I spoke, saying "Okay, here we are."

"So, how do we do this?" She asked.

"Listen," I said, interrupting her, "before we do this, can I ask one favor? A favor just for old times sake? I mean, in view of the fact that we're never going to be lovers or boyfriend and girlfriend?

She put her hands on her hips and smiled at me. "You've always been sentimental, you know that?" She answered. "And, that's something I love about you, so, sure.... ask away."

Receiving her permission, I asked her straight out for something which I had longed for as long as I could remember. "Could we share a kiss? A lover's kiss? I promise I won't ever ask you again. But, just this once..... can you kiss me like you would kiss your lover?"

She didn't answer me. Instead, as soon as I finished asking, she walked toward me, put her arms around my neck and pulled me into her. As our lips met, her mouth opened and I finally experienced the feeling I had dreamed about for years.

Her kiss was warm and wet. She wasn't holding back, either. Her kiss was real, and our tongues danced together as we played kissy face for several minutes. She didn't pull back and never once did she try to end the kiss.

I was panting and my chest heaving with excitement as I finally had to break the kiss because I was out of breath. She stayed right against me as I looked into her eyes, seeing that she enjoyed the kiss, too.

Bringing her hands up to my chest, she started to unbutton my shirt as she said "You're a pretty good kisser, you know that?"

"Well, I've had a lot of time to practice that specific kiss in my fantasies." I replied.

"You fantasize about me? Sexual fantasies?" She asked.

"Uh huh." I answered as I nodded my head up and down.

Unbuttoning the last button on my shirt, and slipping the shirt off my shoulders, she looked into my eyes and asked "Will you tell me about them some time?"

"Yeah," I answered, "as long as you don't hold them against me."

"I would never do that," she replied, "I know they are probably very personal and very intimate, and I would love to hear about them."

Taking a couple of steps back, she pulled her skirt up to her waist, exposing her panties to me again. "I can't believe I'm going to do this," she said, "but, Gawd, I just have to see your cock now."

As her thumbs went to the waistband of her panties, I held my hand up and yelled "Wait!"

When she looked up at me, I asked her if she would hold her skirt up and let me look at her as she stood in her panties, adding "I'll take my pants down and let you look at me. I just want to look at you like that for a few minutes, if you don't mind."

"Your pants AND your underwear." She said, "Take them both off and I'll stand here like this for a few minutes and let you look at me. Is that a deal?"

My hands went to my waist as I undid my belt and pulled it from my pants, throwing it on top of my shirt that she left on the floor. Undoing the clasp on my trousers, I unzipped them and pushed them down to where I could step out of them. Standing now in only my undershirt and briefs, her eyes zeroed in on my crotch where my cock was pushing against my underwear, tenting it in a horribly embarrassing manner.

"Keep going," she begged, "don't stop now."

I tried to make it look smooth and impressive, but, as I tried to pull my underwear down, the waistband got caught on my hard cock and I felt stupid trying to free myself and get my underwear down. Her eyes grew big and I heard a sharp intake of breath as my cock sprang free and wobbled in front of me as I stepped out of my underwear and stood up to face her, almost completely naked.

My cock, fortunately, didn't let me down. It was perhaps the hardest it had ever been, pointing up to the ceiling at a forty-five degree angle. A serious look came over her face and she uttered "Oh my Gawd!"

I secretly chuckled to myself as she looked at me. My cock is not what I would call huge, but, when it's hard like this, it measures just under eight inches. And as I twitched and flexed, it moved up and down on its own. And, seeing the way she was staring at it, I flexed it extremely hard so she could see the head turn purple and then go pink again.

She started in with another series of high pitched 'Oh my Gawd's' as I continued to flex my cock muscles, but suddenly, her squealing abruptly stopped. Looking down, I could see why. A large drop of pre-cum was hanging off the tip of my cock, just about to become so heavy that it was going to drip on her kitchen floor.

Feeling bold, I took a few steps toward her kitchen table, extended my cock over the edge of it, turned toward her and then grasped my cock with my right hand and milked the drop, plus a few more, out the tip of my cock and into a small pool on her table.


I hadn't intended to touch myself in front of her, but, the sight of her standing there with her skirt above her waist showing off her bikini panties and her mound pressing visibly against the material...... well, it was more than I expected and I simply couldn't stop myself.

Holding her skirt above her waist, she took a few steps herself, enough to get close enough where she could bend down and look at the pool of pre-cum which now adorned her table. "That's amazing." She said. "You can just squeeze that out?" She asked.

"Well, " I said as I started to turn toward her sink, "I didn't want it to drip on your clean floor. I'll get a paper towel and clean it up."

"NO!" She yelled. "I mean, no... please... you don't have to do that," she said, "it's okay, I can get it later." Her voice trailed off and I could see that she was both emphatic, and embarrassed at the way she stopped me from cleaning it up. She obviously wanted me to leave the small pool of pre-cum on her table, and I was happy to oblige her.

Turning to face her, she again started to stare at me. "You're staring at my cock." I said.

She must have thought I was mad or upset with her, because there was a slight look of fright in her face. I smiled and told her I was just kidding and that she was free to look as much as she wanted. Holding out my hand to her, I guided her over to one of her kitchen chairs adjacent to the pool of my pre-cum, and told her to sit down. As she sat, she let go of her skirt and it fell back into place, covering her panties and ruining my view.

"Pull your skirt back up so I can see, would you?" I asked.

Without saying a word, she rose and pulled her skirt up and bunched it above her waist and sat back down. Moving right in front of her, I grasped my cock again and started to pump myself. Her eyes grew wide and her jaw dropped open as my hand slowly moved up and down my shaft. Another drop of pre-cum started to drip out and I squeezed it out into the pool as she watched and then ran my finger over the tip of my cock, smearing the residue around my cock head as she watched.

"Do you want me to make myself cum right here in front of you.... all over your table?" I asked.

"Oh, Gawd yes!" She answered.

"Then spread your knees, Sharron, and pull one of your knees up so I can see between your legs better." I said. "You have to give me something to look at if you want me to masturbate for you."

She did as I asked without delay, pulling one of her feet up and placing it on the front edge of her chair and opening her self up so I could look directly down at the gusset of her panties. And oh my, they were wet, indeed. There was a large wet spot, right where her pussy would be, causing the material to stretch and cling to her pussy lips making them almost completely discernable.

"Ah...." I moaned. "Very nice. I like that. Thank you for letting me see you so open. I'll tell you when I start to get close to cuming so you can take your panties off and give them to me, okay?"

She pulled her gaze away from my cock momentarily to look up at me, nodded her head up and down, and then went back to staring at my cock. So with that, I affixed my stare on her panty covered pussy and resumed my stroking.

Periodically, as more pre-cum appeared, I milked my shaft down toward the tip and let it drip into the growing pool just inches away from her. Each time I did, she became almost trance like – following each move of my hand until the drop fell into the pool before her. And when I started to jack myself again, her eyes would stare intently, as if she was trying to memorize everything she was seeing.

"You like watching me do this, don't you?" I asked.

Again, she didn't answer me, but she looked up to see if I really wanted her to answer.

"Sharron, just as much as panties turn me on, this turns you on, doesn't it? Seeing me naked and masturbating in front of you..... you really like this, don't you?" I asked.

She looked up at me again and when she did I said "Come on, be truthful. If this turns you on, maybe we can do it more – sort of help each other out, you know?"

"Okay," she said, "you're right. I love seeing a naked man or a hard cock and I've fantasized about seeing a man masturbate in front of me for as long as I can remember. I guess that's pretty sick, huh?"

"Not at all, Sharron." I answered. "Don't forget, I'm the one standing in front of you almost naked, stroking my cock and about to cum all over your table. You didn't hold a gun to my head, you know. And, speaking of cuming, you better give me your panties, quick! I don't know how much longer I can hold off. It feels like I'm going to shoot off pretty soon."

I stepped back so she could move her legs, but not before taking one last look at her panty covered pussy. After I moved out of her way, she stood up and let her skirt fall. Then reaching underneath, she quickly pulled her panties down and stepped out of them, never once letting anything show.

Sitting back down, she reached her trembling hand out to offer me her wet panties. I stepped back in front of her, moving in as close as I could get without actually touching her. I took her panties from her hand, held them to my nose and started to jack myself faster and faster while watching for her reaction.

She must have known there was a chance I was going to smell her panties, but maybe she thought I was just going to look at them or wrap them around my cock as I jerked off. Seeing me actually sniff her panties must have either embarrassed her, or turned her on because she gasped and blushed redder than I've ever seen her blush as she watched me inhale her scent. Looking directly into her eyes, I said "This is a dream come true for me, Sharron. Thank you."

It wasn't long before I knew I was going to cum. I still had time to back off and delay it a while, but by this point, I was ready – I was more than ready.

"I'm getting close, Sharron." I warned. "Do you want to stroke me and make me cum?" I asked.

Her eyes darted up to mine and I could see the conflict there. Her hand started to move toward my cock, but then she pulled it back. The combination of my stroking and the smell from her panties were driving me closer and closer to what I knew was going to be an eruption, so I asked her again.

"I need to know now, Sharron..... do you want to make me cum. Yes or no?" I urged.

She didn't move, and when she didn't immediately say something, I figured I was on my own. Another second later, I felt the stopping point pass and cum start to swell up for the impending explosion just a few seconds away. I nudged up against her knees and twisted toward her table to make sure it all landed there, and just as the first contraction started, her hand reached out and stopped an inch or so away from my shaft.

I pulled my hand away as quickly as I could. As soon as my hand was clear, she wrapped her little hand around my cock and tugged on me. Her touch was light, but tight - and I could tell she didn't have much experience in jacking a guy off. But still, I was already past the point of no return and as she jacked me, I shot three huge ropes of cum across her table.

She wasn't the only one surprised – I was, too. This was much more cum and a much stronger orgasm than I usually have. And, judging from the look on her face, Sharron was really impressed.

She continued to pump me until I emptied out all over her table. Seeing that I was done, she let go of my cock and looked up at me with an apprehensive look. "That was wonderful, Sharron. I don't think I've ever cum so much at one time. You were fantastic!"

My comment brought a smile to her face and her eyes started to water. "I've never been able to do that right," she said, "every guy I've ever tried to give a hand job to always told me I was doing it wrong."

"Well, just take a look at the mess all over your table if you think you didn't do it right." I replied. "I'll let you give me a hand job anytime you want to. You were great."

A tear fell from her eye and she stood up and hugged me. My still hard cock, rubbing up against her blouse, was twitching and leaking against her. I felt her hand snake down between us and hold my cock as we hugged. She started to cry.

"All those years," I heard her say, "you were right here, loving me and wanting me and I never even knew it. I feel like an ass. Can you ever forgive me?"

"I've already forgiven you, Sharron." I said. "I know we'll never be the way I dreamed it would be, but, at least now you know how much someone loved you."

She pulled away from the hug and wiped her eyes. "I think you deserve a reward for hanging in there so long and never pushing me. What if we just forget everything I said at lunch, for now, and spend one night together..... you know, as boyfriend and girlfriend? Just one night. How would that be?"

"Sharron, as much as my heart is leaping up and down hearing you say that, I know you're only saying it because you know it will make me happy. If you really want to give me a reward, how about kissing me again, like the one we had a while ago and I'll just pretend it's the kiss you would give me while we were making passionate love."

Tears started to fill her eyes again as she put her arms around my neck. "I don't deserve to have you as my friend. You have been my angel for years and I love you so much." She said. Then as her eyes closed and her lips pressed to mine, I experienced the kiss of a lifetime. Between feeling the tears streaming down her face, her warm mouth and her hands stroking the back of my neck, she almost made me want to beg her for a second chance at everything. I held back my own tears and just threw myself into the kiss, hoping it would last forever. When our kiss finally ended, my face was covered with her tears, make-up and lipstick.

Until that instant, I didn't realize that my cock had swelled back to full strength and was leaking profusely into the palm of her hand. I saw her look down and when she did, I looked down, too, to see her blouse was spotted with sperm and pre-cum. 

"Oops," I said, "Sorry about that. Guess I made two messes here today."

"And I wouldn't have it any other way." She replied.

Turning to look at the clock, she said "Oh, shit! Look at the time! I have to get back to my office!"

I reached for a paper towel and told her I would clean up the mess while she changed her blouse. "Please.... no. Don't clean it up." She said. "I want to do that, okay?"

"Why don't you get dressed and I'll run and put on another top and we'll both get out of here in two minutes." She suggested, as she turned and ran out of the kitchen towards her bedroom.

I was doing up the clasp on my belt when she came back into the kitchen with another white blouse on. "Damn," she said, "I was hoping to catch you in your underwear, or less."

"Speaking of underwear, did you put some panties on?" I asked.

Without batting an eye, she pulled her skirt up to show me that she put on a fresh pair of panties. "Black panties?" I asked. "Yeah," she replied, "I guess I'm feeling a little naughty right now."

"Come on," she said, "we better get going or we'll both be fired."

I moved toward her front door, but when I got there, she wasn't behind me. Looking back toward her kitchen, I saw her coming toward me, holding the yellow panties in her hand.

"You earned these," she said, "and believe it or not, I really want you to have them and, uh, well.... use them."

She stuffed the yellow panties into my pocket at the same time as she reached up to kiss me on the cheek. "I'll see you on Saturday morning, right?" She asked. "Why don't you come really early and we'll have breakfast and get started right away."

"I'd like that," I said, "I'll be here at 7:00."

My Introduction To CFNM Ch. 02
byPro_Ball_Player©

Author's Note: Those readers who know the real 'rules' for CFNM know I've bent them to some degree for this story, so please overlook it as you read. Also, I received some reader email suggesting I might encourage both males and females to discuss your desire to explore CFNM with someone who might enjoy it. Gals, don't be afraid to ask. And guys if you get asked, try it out. By the way, there's a ton of good information about CFNM on the internet, including news groups and websites devoted to CFNM. Enjoy this chapter.

++++++++++++++

When I got back to work, even the solitude of my office didn't do much to quiet my nerves or for that matter, reduce my excitement. The hurt in hearing Sharron tell me that she didn't love me the same way I loved her was devastating and painful. But, in a way, I felt released from the invisible tether that drove me to pursue her. I knew part of my relationship with her was now over – the part where I was trying to 'will' her to love me. On the up side, though, she positively reaffirmed our close and special friendship. I guess that was better than nothing.

I kept bouncing back and forth between feeling sorry for myself and the extreme excitement I experienced being naked in front of her. Boy, what a transition that was! One minute I was telling her how much I loved her and the next minute, I was standing in front of her with a hard-on, stroking my cock while she watched from two feet away.

Thinking back, I remembered how it all unfolded and I realized what a sly fox she was. At just the precise moment when I was the most vulnerable, she brought up the Slippery Nipple. She worked that angle to bring up her CFNM fantasy, adding that it would be no big deal for me to get naked in front of her since we were such good friends and all. So, feeling desperate to have any kind of relationship with her, I agreed. In fisherman terms, she threw her line out and I took the bait.

Then, to set the hook properly, she pulled that hot little stunt in her car after we left the restaurant. She knew damn well if she sat with her legs spread open, letting me look at her panties, I would agree to just about anything. Truthfully, it was a very smart move on her part. I don't know how long she's known about my fascination with panties, but, she played me like a fine violin – first letting me look up her skirt and then enticing me with the promise of more. In the long run, though, I ended up being the master of my own un-doing. But, who could blame me? Listen, no man thinks clearly when he's looking at the panties of the girl he's desired for years. Interestingly enough, I saw a side of her that was anything but sweet and cute. Plus, it didn't matter to me at all that she might have manipulated the situation to see my cock. I kind of liked that, anyway.

I closed my office door and stared at my computer screen trying to decide which of the fifty urgent and overdue emails I should open. After ten minutes of staring at my inbox, I still hadn't made a decision and finally realized I might as well just turn the damn thing off and go home.

Driving home, I replayed in my mind the vision of her standing in front of me with her skirt up around her waist and how I stripped off my pants and underwear. I recalled the look of longing on her face when she looked at me, and later, her look of total satisfaction as I stroked my tool in front of her. Then, when my cock was about to explode, she hesitantly wrapped her hand around it and stroked it until I was spent. In a way, we made a good team – I had what she wanted and she had what I wanted.

But, beyond it all, there were some things I learned about my cute innocent little Sharron which I would keep in mind if I was smart: First, she loved to see naked men. Second, she fantasized about watching men masturbate. It only took me a minute to figure out that if I couldn't be her real lover, maybe we could work something out for some mutual stress relief!

There was something about what we did that deeply touched the naughty side of me. Exposing myself in front of her gave me an adrenaline rush like I had never experienced before. I was nervous, sure, but when I saw her eager eyes staring at my hard cock, all I wanted to do was show it off more. I also liked the idea of stroking myself in front of her, especially if she was going to show her panties off. That, just in itself, was worth it to me – to be able to see my perfect love holding her skirt up so I could look at her panties while I pleasured myself. It just doesn't get any better than that.

I even agreed to be naked with her on Saturday. I wonder how many times a day I can get a hard-on? How many times could I make myself cum? Once an hour? Holy shit, wouldn't that be something! Maybe I should quit jerking off for a few days and save up my cum for Saturday?

I was just about to make the last turn before pulling into my driveway when my cell phone rang. I recognized the personalized ring tone immediately as 'her' ring. A sudden panic shot through me and I just knew she was calling to cancel our CFNM Saturday and tell me we'd made a horrible mistake after lunch today.

I contemplated not answering. But, deciding to be brave, I flipped open my phone and answered it just like I always do with her.

"Hey." I said.

"Hey." She replied, saying, "Thanks for lunch today, Brad. I had a really great time."

I laughed. "You mean the actual lunch, or after lunch at your place?" I asked.

"I meant when we were at the condo," she answered, "but, lunch was good, too. I always enjoy being with you. You know that."

"Personally, I had more fun at the condo," I said, "and, we should have lunches like that more often." I added.

"Would you like that?" She asked.

"You've got to be kidding, Sharron. I would do it again in a heartbeat!" I explained.

"I'm glad to hear you say that." She said. "Brad, I've got a proposition I want to run by you. Do you want to have dinner tonight?"

"Uh, sure, I guess. But, what's up?" I asked.

"Well, it's complicated." She said. "Let's talk about it tonight. Besides, I feel bad about the way I trampled all over your feelings today."

"Somewhere along the way," she added, "I must have given you the impression that I wanted you to chase after me, or hold out for me. But, Brad, I never intentionally did that. I swear until you told me today, I never had any idea you felt the way you did."

"I know that." I replied. "You don't have to feel guilty. I should have discussed it with you years ago. It's entirely my fault and you handled yourself graciously, Sharron."

"No, Brad, I didn't." She answered. "And, I do feel guilty and I realize now how hurtful I was to you. I just want the chance to explain myself, okay? We'll do that tonight, too."

"Okay, okay." I said. "What time did you have in mind?"

"Why don't you meet me at the condo at seven o'clock and we'll go somewhere nice and I'll treat." She said.

"Okay, I'll see you around seven." I replied.

After we hung up, I pulled into my driveway and went inside. I guessed things were going to be fine between us. I'll let her get her guilt off her chest and we'll say what ever needs to be said and then we'll both have some closure. "That will be good." I thought.

Then I got a terrific idea! I'll go over there early. I'll use the extra key she gave me to get in and I'll have dinner ready for her when she gets home. One thing I know about Sharron is that she loves surprises and she loves to be pampered. So, I made a quick list of things I wanted to take over there and a few things I needed to pick up on the way. But first, I better have a shower and change into something casual.

Standing in the shower with the hot water beating down on me, I started to think about her holding up her skirt and showing off her yellow panties. Then I remembered the modest way she took them off and how they felt against my cheek.... and her smell.

What a turn-on it was to reach out and take her panties from her hand and lift them to my nose. I stopped for a moment to wonder what went through her mind when she saw me sniffing her panties. She had to know I would use them to feed my fantasies of her, didn't she? Of course she did. She knew damn well they were wet with her pussy juice. When she told me I had 'earned them', what exactly did that mean? Were they the "consolation prize" since I couldn't have her love? Was that it? I got her panties instead of her heart? Or, were they really my reward for getting naked in front of her?

That got me thinking. If her panties were a reward for getting naked, would she reward me the same way if I got naked, again? Would the reward be better next time? I've been alive long enough to know that when a woman wants to give you her panties, that's something you should appreciate and encourage. So, I made a mental note to thank her.

Without realizing it, I had begun to stroke my cock as I day-dreamed. A million thoughts flashed through my mind as I brought myself closer and closer to cuming. Then suddenly, I got a brain storm on how I could end up naked in front of her tonight.

I stopped jacking myself and finished my shower as quickly as I could. Rummaging through my underwear drawer, I found the pair of spicy men's underwear Sharron gave me as a gag gift some years back. "These might turn her on." I hoped.

After I dressed, I gathered everything I needed from my place, grabbed my car keys and ran out the door. I knew I had to make at least four stops on the way over to her place. Fortunately, they were all close to each other and before I knew it, I arrived at my first destination, the Hallmark store.

Now, you should understand that Sharron is a sucker for anything with a cute saying on it and more than once she's drug me though this store looking for something that caught her eye. Browsing through the glass display cases, I wondered if I would find a cute little curio statue that said "Panties Are For Sharing". But, not finding one, I found the next best thing: a beautiful crystal picture frame with the words "All You Need Is Love" etched into the crystal. On another shelf, I found a small silver plate that would add nicely to my plans, so I snatched it up, too, and headed to the register. The lady behind the register offered to gift wrap the picture frame and since I thought it would be a nice touch, I waited the extra five minutes for her to do it.

In the same strip mall, there's a liquor store where I picked up some Quantro, which I know she likes immensely, but never buys for herself. Then, I drove down the street to her favorite Chinese restaurant where they put together boxes of all of her favorite Chinese dishes, including her precious 'Shark Fin Soup with Snow Peas'.

Lastly, I stopped at a florist. I know she loves the smell of roses, and being the nice guy I am, I bought three dozen red roses arranged meticulously in glass vases. Buying three dozen roses seemed like a good idea until I had to figure out a way to get them out to my car, and then over to her house without tipping them. Fortunately, the lady in the flower shop gave me a box which I set on the passenger side floorboard. Problem solved.

Arriving at her condo, I opened the door and carried all my surprises inside. Walking into the kitchen, I saw the drying remnants of my recently spewed semen still on her table. I was curious to know why she was so adamant about me not cleaning it up. Did she have some sperm fetish? "That's kind of kinky." I thought.

Okay, so now I had to put my plans into action. I put all the Chinese food into the oven to keep it warm. I hid the silver plate and the Quantro in one of her cabinets. While I was doing that, I found candle holders and candles. These would come in handy.


Walking into her living room, I moved her coffee table out to the middle of the room, threw some of her sofa cushions around it and covered it with a white linen table cloth I brought with me. Next, I placed four of the candles at the center of the table and ransacked her kitchen to find everything I needed to transform that coffee table into a beautifully set dinner table.

I was duly impressed with my work. And, as I drew her curtains closed, turned off the lights and lit the candles to see how it looked, I stood in awe knowing that she would be completely blown away with the effort I took to surprise her.

My best guess was that I had, at the most, about forty five minutes before she would arrive home. I decided to put the other two vases of roses in her bedroom and close the door so her room would fill with the aroma from the fresh roses. However, upon entering her room, I stood overlooking the biggest mess I had ever seen. The bed was unmade and the sheets were thrown off. There were clothes all over her floor and a wandering pile of shoes, carelessly thrown in the corner.

With no time to waste and knowing where she kept her sheets, I remade the bed with fresh linens. I picked up all her shoes, arranged them in her closet and then cleaned up everything on her floor. I was doing fine, and I was making good progress until I walked into her bathroom. There on the floor, right next to her laundry hamper was a pair of tangled pink panties. The first thought that came into my mind was "Jackpot!"

Now, I swear to you, and you have to believe me when I say that up until this exact minute my intentions in her condo were purely friendly and all I wanted to do was surprise the hell of out her. But, when I saw those panties lying there on the floor, I couldn't just ignore them. It was as if the panties actually called my name and then before I knew it, I reached down to pick them up and started to unroll them. But, even before I got them untangled, her scent of her pussy hit me.

My cock instantly went hard and as I stood there holding those panties, I quickly had to make a decision on what I was going to do with them. As I saw it, there were only three choices: 1) immediately put them down and walk away, or, 2) put them in my pocket and 'liberate' them to become part of my hopefully growing collection, or, 3) take the time to enjoy them now and then put them back. I must have considered each option for a whole millisecond before my mind was made up.

I took a minute to arrange the two vases of roses so they looked nice, placing one on her night stand and one on her dresser. Checking my watch, I confirmed the fact that I had at least twenty minutes before she would arrive.

Looking at the panties in my hand, I was still torn between putting them back and taking advantage of the opportunity and masturbating with them. Jacking off with her panties as I had done earlier was okay, because she knew I was doing it, in fact, she was right there – she watched me. But, what I was thinking about doing now was sneaky and I was invading her privacy. I knew it was a risky thing to do, especially if she caught on.

Finally, I said "Fuck it". Turning to leave, I closed her bedroom door behind me and took the silky pink treasure into the kitchen with me. I stood defiantly in front of her kitchen table and unzipped my trousers. Fishing my hard cock from my underwear, I held her panties to my nose, closed my eyes and started to gloriously stroke the one eyed monster.

The pink panties were much silkier than the ones she gave me this afternoon and as I delighted in the smell they carried, I rubbed them on my cheeks and directly under my nose. It didn't take long at all before I started to get close to cuming. Then, with some kind of unthinking reflex action, I slipped the crotch of her panty into my mouth and the next thing I knew, I was sucking the material. When I realized I was sampling the actual taste of her pussy, every sensory function in my body overloaded and I exploded with a huge blast of cum. It jetted across her table in a thick rope, making an obvious trail of heavy, fresh cum. Several shorter spurts followed the big blast until I almost fell to the floor.

I must have been a sight standing there with my cock in my hand and her panties hanging out of my mouth as I gasped for air, trying to hold myself up by leaning on the table. I rested like that for a minute or two trying to catch my breath. Then, looking up over the river of semen on the table in front of me, a severe sense of panic set in.

There was no way I was going to be able to clean up the new cum without disturbing the remnants of my earlier ejaculation, which she specifically told me not to clean up. The trajectory of the cum streams weren't even in the same direction and the new cum looked different – it was thick, white and shiny.

"Oh, shit." I said.

Stuffing my cock back into my pants, I ran back into her bedroom where I was going to drop the silky treasure into her hamper and hope for the best. However, as soon as I opened the door to her room, I was distracted by the overpowering aroma of the roses.

It was perfect. It would blow her away. In fact, I bet it would blow her away to the point where she wouldn't even notice or remember that she had left her panties out. So, rolling them back into their original shape as well as I could, I tossed them into her hamper and made my way back into her kitchen, closing her door behind me.

The last detail I had to cover up was my fresh cum covering her table, and as I tried to decide what to do about it, my cell phone rang. It was her ring. "Shit! Shit! Shit!" I exclaimed.

"Hey." I answered.

"Are you at my house?" She asked.

"Well, kind of...." I answered. "Where are you?"

"Sitting in my driveway." She replied.

"I see." I said, franticly wondering how I was going to keep from getting busted. "I don't suppose you can give me a few minutes before you come in, can you?" I asked.

"Well, that depends." She answered. "Want to tell me what are you up to in there, Bradley?" She jokingly inquired.

"Sharron, it's a surprise. I just need two minutes. Can you give me two minutes before you come in?" I begged.

"Okay," she answered, "but, this better be good."

"Just give me two minutes. Thanks." I said as I hung up. Looking around, I tried to think quickly how I was going to clean up the cum before she came in. I ran out to where I had set up her coffee table for us to eat thinking I could use one of the napkins to wipe the cum up from her table. Then, the door knob turned and she walked in. That was the fastest two minutes I have ever seen.

The first thing she saw when she closed the door was her living room rearranged like a restaurant, complete with a fancy table and candles. She sniffed the air and asked, "Are you cooking?"

"None of your beeswax, nosey girl." I said.

And then in my snobbiest 'waiter' accent I followed up with "I don't believe I'm quite ready to seat you yet, Madame. Can I interest you in something from the bar, though?"

At first, she looked at me like I was crazy. But when I stayed in character and looked at her as if I was waiting for her answer, she put her hands on her hips and asked, "Just what have you been doing in my house, all alone?"

"Dinner," I said, in my normal voice, "A nice dinner. No fuss, no muss, no going out, and, I promise you're going to love it."

Putting her purse and keys down, she looked around. As I knew she would, she came over to look at what I had done with her coffee table... looking at the napkins and the silverware. "Candles and everything, huh?"

"I did the best I could with the time I had." I replied.

"It's beautiful." She said. "What are you cooking?" She asked as she turned to walk into the kitchen.

I caught up with her in just a few steps hoping I could divert her attention away from the cum covered table. As she got closer, though, she stopped short of going in and peered through the doorway. When she saw the roses she turned to look at me. "Roses?" She asked. "Red roses?"

"They were on sale." I answered.

"Yeah, right," she replied, "Brad, you're such a liar. I do love roses, though."

"Uh huh." I said as I nodded my head up and down.

She walked over to the flowers and pulled one of the buds to her nose and inhaled deeply. "This is really sweet of you." She said. "You're always so thoughtful." Then, taking a couple of steps toward the oven, she bent down to look through the oven door and said "Can I have twenty minutes to take a quick shower and change clothes?"

I slipped back into my snobby waiter accent and answered "Why of course, Madame. Take as long as you need. Could I fix you a drink to enjoy while you freshen up?"

"That would be perfect," she said, "whatever you recommend will be fine."

"Very good, Madame." I was starting to enjoy this little role play with her. And, she was playing along with it now, but, I was praying she would hurry up and make her exit before she had a chance to look over at her kitchen table. Unfortunately, that didn't happen.

As she turned, she walked directly over to the table and as soon as she looked at it, her eyes grew huge and she turned toward me. The only thing I could think of was to stay in character and see if I could say something clever.

"We had a bit of an issue earlier, Madame." I said. "I'm afraid that one of the staff was quite excited after having something of an overly exciting lunch. I'm sad to say that he couldn't control himself, and well..... you can see for yourself."

I wasn't sure what she was going to do. She turned to look back at the table and in almost the same moment, she extended her hand and swiped her fingers through the trails of my spent sperm. I watched as she pulled her hand out of the goo and rubbed her fingers together. Then, while I watched, she used the side of her hand like a squeegee to gather up as much of the sperm as she could into a puddle about the size of a silver dollar. She ran her fingers through it and played with the puddle until her fingers were coated. Turning back towards me, she had a crafty smile on her face as she said "He should be punished for this, you know."

"Whatever you say, Madame." I replied and asked, "if I can be so bold to inquire though, Madame, are you angry?"

"Not at all," she answered, "I think I can easily understand what might have driven you, uh, I mean 'him' to do something like this. It might be completely understandable."

I was relieved, to say the least. She seemed interested in the pool of sperm and didn't appear to be upset. Maybe my 'waiter role play' got me off the hook. That was a close one, even so.

Speaking again, she said "I'll have that drink now, and do me a favor – please leave all of this alone," waving her hand over the pool of cum on the table, "I'll deal with this later." With that, she smiled at me and walked out of the kitchen and turned toward her bedroom.

As she left, I went to the cabinet where I hid the silver platter and set it on the counter. Finding a high ball glass in the same cabinet, I poured her about half a glass of Quantro, set it on the platter, grabbed a dish towel and arranged it over my arm as a waiter would do, then made my way out of the kitchen and down the hall toward her room.

As I approached, I smiled to myself as the hefty aroma of fresh roses filled the hallway. Peering around the corner into her room, I saw her standing in the middle of the room looking at what I had done. Stepping inside, I cleared my throat and said "Your drink, Madame."

When she turned around, I could see the look of shock and surprise on her face. But, the sparkle in her eyes betrayed her and I knew without any doubt she was surprised in a good way. "Brad, I know what this room looked like when I left. I can't believe you did all this. You even made the bed. And, more roses?" She exclaimed.

"Actually, it was easier to put clean sheets on for you and I picked up a little bit, here and there. Nothing much, really. I just wanted you to relax and take it easy tonight." I replied. "I know how much you love the smell of roses," I added, as I offered her the drink, "and just thought you might like having a few in your bedroom."

"Well," she said, "now I feel even worse about the way I must have hurt your feelings earlier."

"Sharron, please stop. I held my feelings from you because I was afraid of rejection. I had no choice but to love you secretly because I knew you would never want me the way I wanted you. So, I'm the one that screwed up, not you. If I had sat you down a long time ago and fully explained the way I felt, it wouldn't have been such a shock and we would be laughing about it now. So let's let it go, okay?" I asked.

"Okay," she said, "but I still want to explain some things, and then we can let it go. But, I think everything you did here..... with the roses and dinner and my bedroom.... all this puts the whole punishment thing into a completely different perspective, now."

"So, I'm off the hook?" I asked.

She laughed. "That's an understatement." She answered. "I would say you're forgiven for all sins, past and present..... that is, unless you secretly want to be punished." She giggled, adding "And if that's the case, I'm sure I can find something to punish you for."

"How about for all my future sins?" I inquired.

"We'll talk about that tonight," she replied, "I've got some ideas along those lines."

She downed the Quantro in virtually one gulp and handed the glass back to me. "Ooh, that's good. Can you bring me another one?" She asked.

"I can, Madame." I answered.

As I was about to leave, though, I turned back toward her and said "Sharron, I had a really good time here this afternoon. I don't want to sound weird about it, but, like I told you on the phone, I wouldn't mind doing it again."

"Brad, honestly, I want to do it again, too." She replied. "I hope we can be honest with each other about it, too." She said. "I've been thinking about how we can..... how should I say it..... 'help' each other out, so to speak. I've been unable to get the vision of you naked and erect out of my mind. And, by the way, you have a beautiful penis. I meant to tell you that this afternoon."

I must have blushed or something because she went on, saying "Brad, I'm being serious now. If you only knew the type of things I've been thinking about, you would have every reason to blush."

"Like what?" I asked.

"That's what I wanted to talk to you about later," she answered, "but, let me put it to you like this..... I want you to be naked again for me. I really got off on looking at you and watching you.... uh... you know."

I must have looked like I didn't believe her. "Really," she said, "I mean it. I would love nothing more than to have you naked around me as much as possible. Would you like to be naked right now?" She asked.

"Would I be out of line if I said 'Yes'?" I answered.

"Not at all. But, I have a certain way I've envisioned this happening." She said. "Why don't you go get my drink... and make one for yourself, too? Then if you're okay with it, come back and let me undress you."

That was all I needed to hear. I quickly went to refill her glass - this time up to the top, and poured one for myself, as she suggested. When I came back into her room, she was sitting on her bed holding out her hand, gesturing for her glass. She took a small sip, set the glass back down on the plate I was carrying and told me to set them down somewhere.

She asked me to stand in front of her and when I did, she spread her knees a little and pulled me in between them, as close to her as she could. "I want to touch you. Is that okay?" She asked. I nodded that it was okay, but she followed up with, "I mean, is it okay if I.... uh, feel you up?"

"Sharron," I answered, "I hereby give you complete permission to touch and feel me anytime you want to."

Her eyes took on a glazed look and both her hands went right to my crotch, one hand going between my legs and the other pressing directly against my cock through my jeans.

"Oh, Brad. You're a bad boy aren't you?" She asked. "You're already hard for me. That's so impressive." She said.

"I've been hard almost constantly since this afternoon." I answered. "I had to jack-off on your table after I got here. I can't believe how much I enjoyed what we did."

"I know exactly what you mean." She said. "I'm so wet, it's like I've had a river flowing between my legs."

She looked up at me, blushing redder than I've ever seen her blush. Then she continued saying, "Brad, I know we have some things to talk about, but for now, can we just put all of that on hold?"

"Sure," I said, "no problem".

Then, like she was trying to prepare me for the shock of my life, she said, "Before we go any further with this, I need to warn you that I'm feeling very nasty and horny right now. Is that going to be okay with you? Can I get really nasty without worrying what you might think of me?"

I felt like this was a good time to tell her how the new cum got on her table, so I confessed, saying, "Sharron, I found a pair of worn panties lying on the floor in your bathroom. I did something very nasty with them and that's why there's more cum all over your table. So, if you can be understanding about me doing something as nasty as that, I promise to be understanding about anything you might do."

She said nothing at all in response to my confession. Her hands went to my belt and in a few seconds she had it, and my pants, undone. She pushed them down and her hands went right back to where they were – one between my legs and the other feeling my cock. She leaned back and looked at my sexy underwear, saying "Oh, these are cute, but right now, they're just in the way. You probably put them on just for me, and I'm sorry, but they have to go." And with that, she pushed them down, leaving my hard cock bobbing no more than a few inches from her face.

Again, one of her hands went between my legs, this time cupping my balls, and the other hand went around my cock as she gripped it tightly. "Oh, Gawd," she exclaimed, "all I want to do right now is look at this and feel it." So, I stood there while she held me, squeezed me, felt me and stared at me. She discovered a drop of pre-cum appearing at the tip of my cock and touched it with her finger. As she pulled her finger away, the sticky strand of pre-cum stretched and finally broke. Smiling, she looked up at me and I told her to taste it. "It's sweet," I said, "go ahead.... it's not bad."

"How do you know, Brad?" She asked, giggling. Then, putting her finger again to my cock head and pulling off a bigger drop, she put it to her lips and sucked. "You're right, it is sweet," she said, "It doesn't taste that much like cum."

Looking up into my eyes, she closed her lips around my cock head and sucked. I mean she truly sucked and I felt it down to the core of my cock. She moaned as she milked my pre-cum up from the bottom of my shaft and literally sucked it out.

"Sometimes I fantasize about having a cock to play with – just like this." She said, "You know..... like it's my own private cock. One to touch and feel and suck. I've always dreamed about having someone who would let me take my time and have my fun with their cock. You men are always so eager to cum."

"I'm in no hurry, Sharron. Take your time if you want to." I replied.

"Promise you won't cum until I say it's okay?" She asked.

"Absolutely," I assured her, "I won't cum. I promise."

She milked more my pre-cum into her mouth for another minute and then pushed me back a step or two and stood up. "Brad, I think it's time to get you completely naked," she said, "I want to see all of you."

I stood there while Sharron took off my shirt and undershirt. She ran her hands over my chest and pinched my nipples. When I flinched a little, she smiled. "You'll get used to that." She said. Then she lowered her mouth to one my nipples, ran her tongue around it and then sucked. Her mouth was warm and wet and even though the thought of having my own nipples sucked never really did anything for me in the past, it felt really good..... and I mean really good.

When she stopped sucking, she reached back up with her fingers and pinched them again. This time, I didn't flinch. "I like playing with a man's nipples." She said. "I read in a magazine that men have nerve endings in their nipples, too."

Then she knelt down to untie my shoes and when she did, her blouse fell away from her chest and I briefly saw her bra. As she fiddled with my shoes, I twisted a little to get a better look. Unconsciously, I squeezed my cock muscles and a drop of pre-cum dripped out of my rod and fell on her arm. When she looked up, she saw me trying to look down her blouse. Ignoring it for the time being, she turned her attention to my cock, quickly moved her mouth to it and gave it another healthy suck.

"What were you looking at?" She asked.

"Nothing," I said, "I was just watching what you were doing."

"You weren't trying to look down my top, were you?" She asked.

"I wasn't trying to," I answered, "but, when I looked down there, the way you were kneeling kind of made it easy and....."

"Do you want to see my breasts?" She asked. "It's okay if you do, I don't mind. In fact, I would be disappointed if you didn't."

Then she knelt back down and told me to lift my foot. As she did, this time she hunched her shoulders forward and I had a perfect view of her bra encased breasts. I stared down into her blouse as she pulled first one shoe off, and then the other. Rising up, she pushed my pants and underwear the rest of the way down and told me to step out of them. When I did, she picked up all my clothes and tossed them on the bed, saying, "We'll have to find a permanent place for you to keep your clothes when you're naked."

Then standing next to me, she grasped my cock with both hands and said, "I like the word 'naked' because it means 'uncovered'. When you're naked, you shouldn't try to hide or cover yourself. Don't forget that I want to be able to see your cock and your balls clearly, especially when you're erect."

"And," she added, "I really like seeing that." She said, pointing to my leaking cock. "It's hard and dripping. Is that because I let you see down my top, or because you're excited about being naked in front of me?"

"Probably both." I said.

"Well, I'm glad you're excited about being naked," she replied, "and I hope you got a nice look at my bra because that's about all you're going to see. At least for now anyway. Remember, you're the one that's supposed to be on display, not me."

She nuzzled up next to me as she fondled my cock. "I know that doesn't seem fair," she said, "but, we'll talk about it more tonight and we'll decide on some rules we can both live with. And Brad, if you follow the rules, I promise you'll enjoy it."

Then she kissed my neck and told me she was going to get in the shower. "But," she added, "here's your first test." She pulled me to the middle of the room. She stood to my side and stroked my cock for a good thirty seconds while she told me she expected me to be 'good' and do what I was told. "That means no playing with this magnificent cock." She said sternly. Then she turned me toward the doorway and told me to close my eyes. Standing behind me, she reached around to hold my cock and told me she was going to take off her clothes. "I want you to stand there with your eyes closed until you hear me close the bathroom door." She told me. "If you open your eyes or turn around, you will fail your first test and I might have to send you home." She warned.

"Do you think you can do it?" She asked.

"Sure," I answered, "no problem."

"We'll see," she said, "it might be harder than you think. But if you can do it, it will mean a lot of me and it will prove I can trust you. But, we'll see."

She let go of my cock and I heard the rustling of clothes. "I'm taking off my top and skirt first." She said. "Oh my, I can't believe how wet my panties are," she whispered, "I bet you wish you could look, huh?"

"Sharron, it's not fair for you to tease me like that." I said.

"Oh, but it is," she answered, "you have to earn my trust. And I'm going to tease you a lot more before the night is over, Bradley. You might as well accept that right now.

I felt her move right up behind me and wrap her arms around my body and grab my cock with both hands. She squeezed it tightly as she rubbed her bra encased tits against my back. Then, if that wasn't enough, I felt the rest of her body press against me.

"You're body is so warm." She said. "Can you feel my panties rubbing against your butt?"

I pressed my butt back into her and when I did, she pressed herself into me and told me to straighten up. "Let me have your right hand." She asked.

When I held my right hand out to the side, I felt her gently move my arm behind my back and press my palm against her stomach. Leaving her left hand gripping my cock, she said "Now, let me guide your hand."

She moved my hand up her stomach until I felt my fingertips touch her bra. "Just think, Brad, that nipple you were so willing to get naked for is only a few inches from where your hand is right now." She whispered in my ear. "You know, you could turn around and overpower me right now.... you could rip off my bra and panties and do anything you want to me and I couldn't stop you." Then she started to jack me with her left hand as she said "but you won't do that, will you, Brad?"

"No, because I would fail the test." I said.

"Oh, now I'm really impressed, Bradley." She replied.

After a few seconds, her jacking stopped and she guided my hand down her stomach. When I felt the waistband of her panties, I gasped out loud. But, she kept moving lower until I felt the rise of her mound against my palm. My hand couldn't have been more that two inches away from her pussy and it took all the composure I had to not feel around for it.

"Do you know your hand is almost right on top of my clit?" She asked.

"Can I feel?" I replied.

"We'll have a rule about touching. But, you're not supposed to touch me unless I ask you to, okay?"

"And will you ever ask me to?" I had to know.

"Maybe," she answered, "not now, though. I'm just trying to tease you and test you right now." She laughed to herself and told me not to be so anxious adding, "I promise you will never leave here unfulfilled, Brad, but you have to learn to play the game and follow the rules. I won't ever let you go home frustrated if you do as I ask."

She moved my hand back around in front of me and put it on my cock. "I want you to stroke yourself while I take off my bra and panties." She said. "Don't make yourself cum. It's too soon."

As I began to move my hand up and down my cock, I felt her press her body against my back again. "I'm naked now," she said, "you wouldn't believe how wet my pussy is."

After a minute or two, she told me to stop stroking my cock. When I did, she reached around me and held her finger under my nose. "Can you smell me?" She asked.

"Uh huh," I nodded, nearly delirious by this time.

"You know," she said, "those black panties I put on before we left here this afternoon are soaking wet. If you're a good boy tonight, pass all the tests and do what I tell you - I'll give you a special treat, and, I'll let you take those panties, too. Does that interest you?" She asked.

"You know it does, Sharron." I answered. "You're really getting into this, aren't you?" I asked.

She reached around from behind me and caressed my elongated cock with both hands. "Brad, I'll explain everything while we eat dinner, but, let me ask you this," she said, "are you having a bad time?"

"No." I answered. "Not at all."

"And, didn't you get to see me in my panties earlier?" She asked.

"Yes." I answered.

"And, when was the last time a woman paid this much attention to you and your beautiful cock?"

"Well, actually...." I said, "uh, never."

"And, Brad, be honest with me now.... you like what we've been doing, too. Don't you?" She asked me.

"Fuck yes!" I said.

"So there you have it, then." She said. "Just play along for a while longer, and we'll talk about everything later. Right now, you should just enjoy being naked, touched and adored. Just trust me, okay?"

"I trust you, Sharron. It's just that you've got me pretty worked up..... and if you don't quit playing with my cock, I'm going to cum all over your carpet." I replied.

"Oh, poor baby." She moaned in my ear. "You need to cum so bad, don't you?" She asked.

"Yes, that would help a lot." I answered.

"I'm sorry, though. You already promised me you wouldn't cum until I told you it was okay," she reminded me, "or, have you forgotten already?"

The truth is I did forget. Maybe I didn't really mean it when I said it, or maybe she finally teased me to the point where I couldn't stand it any longer. But, for whatever reason, she had me so tense I was ready to explode. She kept doing things and saying things to build me to an explosion point, then she would back off. It's not like she was being bitchy to me, she was just teasing the hell out of me and I needed to cum.

"It's not that I forgot." I said. "I remember saying that, but that was before you got me all worked up like this. Come on, you can't expect me keep that promise much longer." I asked.

"Brad," she laughed, "you should hear the desperation in your voice. You make it sound like you're being subjected to some horrible torture, or something. I haven't cum in three days and you make it sound like you're going to die if you don't cum in the next few minutes. How many times have you cum today already? What is it? Like three or four?"

I started to say something, but she interrupted me. "Okay, okay, okay." She said. "I'll quit messing with you and I'll get in the shower in just a few minutes. But, before I do, you're going to endure this horrible torture long enough for me to cum. I think that's not too much to ask, is it?"

"What are you going to do?" I asked.

"I told you before," she said, "It's a test. I need to know if I can trust you and I told you it was going to be harder than you think. So here's the deal....."

"Believe it or not, I need to cum, too. Probably much worse than you do right now. The only way I have to do that is to touch myself, and, I want to look at you stroking yourself while I do." She said.

"What I want you to do," she said, "is play with yourself while I watch, but, I don't want to stand behind you anymore and I don't want you to see me naked, either."

"So," she continued, "here's the test..... I'll give you your choice. You can either wear a blindfold, or, if you're absolutely sure you can keep your eyes closed, you can do it without the blindfold."

"Be aware though, if I see you open your eyes or peek for even a second," she added, "I'll ask you to leave and we won't do anything like this ever again. If you choose the blindfold, it will be safer for you, but, it won't mean as much to me."

"But, if you choose to go without the blindfold and keep your eyes closed, you'll pass the test, I'll know I can trust you and I'll be very appreciative."

"Sharron, can you tell me the purpose of the test?" I asked.

"I can tell you after you pass or fail," she replied, "but not now. It's too important to me to tell you now."

"Listen, I don't know if I can promise not to open my eyes." I said, "First of all, just knowing you are naked is a huge temptation. You know how I feel about you, Sharron. How could I not want to look? Then, it's every man's dream to watch a woman masturbate. Come on, Sharron, you're setting me up for failure here. You know that, don't you?"

"I said it was a test, didn't I?" She answered. "But, think about it, Brad.... if there wasn't a good reason to have a test, I wouldn't need one, would I?"

That sounded a lot like female logic. It didn't make any sense to me, but I'm sure she knew exactly what she was talking about. I really didn't know if I could do this, though. It sounded impossible, or at least improbable I could do it. Maybe I should just go for the blindfold, let her have her cum and be honest with her that I can't do it. On the other hand, since this is so important to her, maybe I should suck it up and keep my damn eyes closed.

"Well," she asked, "what's your answer?"

"Sharron, I really don't understand the reason for this, but, I can see it means a lot to you. I really don't think I can do this without opening my eyes, but, if it's that important to you, then it's important to me, and because of that, and I can do it." I answered.

"Brad, it's not going to be easy. Trust me on that. I'm going to make it very hard for you not to look. I'm going to play with my pussy right in front of you. I'm going to put my fingers in there. I'm going to play with my clit and I might even do things to try to get you to open your eyes. Maybe it's better to go with the blindfold so you don't completely fail." She suggested.

"Then you'll be disappointed in me." I said. "I can do it. It doesn't matter what you do – I won't open my eyes. You have my word on that."

"I'm pleased, Brad. And I'm really horny so let's get started." She said.

She warned me one last time to keep my eyes closed. Then slowly, I felt her move around me. As she did, she bent my cock up to my stomach and pressed her full body against my front. I felt her breasts against my chest and I heard her moan.

"I love the feel of a man's body pressing against me, Brad. I love the look and feel of a hard cock straining for release. Even though you might not say it, I know you want to fuck me. In fact, I want you to want me. That will just make your cock harder and stronger, and it will make your cum so much better, too." She whispered.

She directed me over to her bed and told me lie down. I kept my eyes closed tightly, even though I was tempted to try to open them just enough to try to peek. As I got on her bed, she told me to spread my legs and pull my knees up a little. When I did, I felt her get on the bed and move between my legs. Then, she started to speak to me softly.

"I'm going to get on my hands and knees between your legs now, Brad. I'm going to play with your cock while I touch myself, but, I'll be watching to see if you open your eyes."

Then I felt her hand on my cock, like a silken glove, rubbing me and then finally holding it up. I heard the soft sounds of wet sloshing, which I knew were the sounds of her fingers as they played between her legs.

"Can you hear that, Brad? I'm playing with my pussy. Not more than five feet away from you, my fingers are deep inside my pussy. I'll prove it to you." She said.

I felt her move and the next thing I knew, she was laying on top of me, her face no more than a few inches away from mine. "Want to taste me?" She asked. Then without waiting for my answer, she pressed her wet fingers to my lips. Instinctively, I opened my mouth and sucked her fingers. Then, withdrawing them from my mouth, I felt her hunch herself up and I felt her move her hand down between us, directly to her mound.

"Oh," she sighed, "this is so nasty, Brad. You're cock is inches away from my empty pussy. Don't you wish your cock was buried deep in me, filling me up with that hard tool of yours?" She asked.

"Yes," I answered, still licking my lips trying to savor the sweet taste of her flowing pussy. "you already know I do."

"But, you know that's not going to happen. Don't you, Bradley?" She asked.

"Uh huh," I said, "I know. The only thing that matters right now is for you to get off, live your fantasy and use my cock."

Panting, she brought her lips right next to mine and kissed me lightly. "Ooh, you get extra points for saying that." She said.

Then, she laid her head down to the side of mine and between her panting and moaning she told me how much she wanted to slide my cock up into her tight hole and ride me. I felt her hand search around for my cock and when he found it, she held it up and started to move her pelvis to meet it. I started to anticipate her moving my cock in between her lips and then sitting down on me, but, instead, she used my cock as a toy and began to rub it back and forth between her lips and around her clit. She let my cock head slip into her pussy hole just enough to coat me with more of her juices and then repeated the whole thing over and over again. During the entire time, she kept whispering nasty things in my ear, keeping me on edge and wondering what she would do next.

Abruptly, she sat up and leaned back, telling me lay my legs straight out. When I did, she closed them together and then sat on the top of my thighs and started tugging on my cock and rubbing it forcefully around her slit. "Do it now," she panted to me, "jack yourself."

I reached down and took my cock in my hand and started to stroke it up and down. The way she was sitting, I could feel her fingers touching my nuts as she rubbed herself, the speed of her movements almost matching the stroking I was giving my cock.

Then, I felt her other hand reach out and stop me. "Don't make yourself cum," she said, "it won't be good if you cum before I do, but I want you to keep your hand moving."

As she let go of my hand, I resumed jacking again, but slower this time. While I masturbated, I pushed my cock out, pointing it toward where I thought her tits would be. "Oh, Gawd," she moaned, "I'm almost there. Keep doing it, keep doing it!" She cried.


I had to slow down because I felt myself starting to get close to cuming. She moved to reposition herself and I momentarily stopped jacking in order to wait and see if she was going to lie on top of me again. But when I stopped, she pulled my cock from my hand and scooted her crotch right up to my cock and held it lengthwise against her slit as she bucked tightly against it.

I heard her grunt a few times, and then as if she was body slamming me, she threw herself down on my chest and dry humped my cock. All at once, I felt her body tense up and shake furiously, and then she went completely limp.

With her head lying next to mine, I listened to her breathe. The gasping finally settled down and the thumping inside her chest started to slow. The rhythmic beating of her heart was so strong that it reverberated inside my own chest as we lay together silent and motionless.

I didn't say anything for a long time. Finally, I asked "Can I hug you?"

"Hmm, yes, I would like that." She whispered.

I wrapped my arms around her and patted her back. I started to rub her back and my hand got dangerously close to her butt. I told her I was sorry and quickly jerked my hands back to her shoulders. She laughed just a bit. "You can open your eyes now if you want to." She said.

My eyes had been clenched for so long that when I tried to open them, the bright lights in her room forced me to shut them immediately. I gradually opened one while keeping the other clenched tightly. As I inched it open, the first thing I saw was her face, hanging over me, smiling. "What's the matter?" She asked.

"It's so fucking bright in here!" I said and closed my eyes again.

"Hold on." She said.

She got up off me and ran over to the light switch and turned it off. Then before I knew it, she was back on top of me, lying just as she was before she got up.

"Is that better?" She asked.

I creaked one eye open and then the other. Her hair was messed up and she had a crooked smile on her face. "Better, huh?"

"Yeah," I replied, "thanks."

"You missed your chance to see me naked," she said, "when I got up just now."

Damn, I thought. That was right. I could have seen everything.

"Can I ask a favor?" She said.

"You want me to close my eyes again so you can get up?" I asked.

"No," she said, "I was wondering if it would be okay...... uh, I can't believe I'm even going to ask you this.... especially now, but, would you mind if I put your cock inside me and lay like this for a while. I just want to feel a cock in me."

"And in which universe do you think the answer to that question would ever be 'No'?" I asked.

End of chapter 2.

Report Story
byPro_Ball_Playe


My Introduction To CFNM Ch. 03
byPro_Ball_Player©

Author's Note: This is really the continuation of Chapter 2, so it's not actual CFNM. The next chapter will be more along the lines of real CFNM, though. Anyway, please read and enjoy this chapter. I almost named it "The Love Sonnet", for reasons that are obvious.

I had spent years trying to wish, pray and secretly manipulate my way into Sharron's heart. In my mind, I had made tender love to her over and over again. I had smothered her dainty breasts with caresses and light gentle kisses as she moaned in delight. I had suckled her nipples, raising each one to a state of excitement that left her panting for more. I had kissed my way into the juncture of her thighs where I licked and nibbled the soft folds of her labia, slipping my fingers and tongue into her pussy in search of her g-spot. I had made her cum hundreds of times, leaving her claw marks on the ceiling every time she exploded to new heights due to my ministrations. I had coveted the image of her beauty and lusted for her in a way no other woman could be worthy of.

When I think of the ways my life curled around her very existence, and the things I had done to try to get her to recognize me as the man for her, it proved to be the greatest unsuccessful task of my life. "Gawd," I thought, "what did I do wrong?" All those efforts had failed miserably. My heart was still suffering from the thought that she would never feel the length, breadth and capacity of my love. Even if I could fully express to her how I felt, I didn't think she would ever be able to understand it. Simply stated, no one could ever love her more than I could, and no one would make her feel as special as I could. Alas, my heart would never experience the contentment of Sharron knowing how much I loved her.

I was teetering back and forth with my feelings; dealing with the pain of losing her and then filled to the brim with excitement to be lying naked on her bed with her on top of me. I have never been a person who was interested in the 'zipless fuck'. Hell, if I just wanted to cum, I could always jack off..... that was a quick and simple solution to relieve my straining erections. But right now, with her body pressed to mine, I kept coming back to three facts: 1) we were never going to be together as a couple, 2) she was never going to experience the fullness of my love, and 3) she had excited me to a fever pitch, again. Damn her, she's so good at that.

If I would not have lived it myself, I wouldn't have believed the events of the last few hours with Sharron. Since our lunch date, I had been naked in front of her twice and used two different pairs of her panties to masturbate. She had even touched my cock and stroked me. Now, she was asking my permission if she could sit up on top of me and wiggle her delicious pussy down on top of my cock..... my throbbing, dripping, straining and aching cock.

I really didn't have to respond to her request and I think she knew it, because without another word being said, she lifted slightly and steered her mound to my waiting rod. Hovering over me, our eyes made contact as her hips searched out the connecting point where my cock would intersect with her womanhood. As she found the spot, I readied myself for what I knew was going to be the single most wonderful feeling in the world – the moment she slid down on top of me, burying my cock inside her vagina.

Finally, when she was satisfied that she had positioned herself flawlessly with my erection snugly at the entrance of her womb, she leaned down and whispered in my ear. "Brad, please don't move or say anything. Just let me do this by myself."

Then, ever so slowly, I felt the warmth and wetness of her femininity open and begin to descend over my cockhead. As I started to slip inside her, she suddenly stopped her movement and laid herself down on my chest. Unconsciously, I wrapped my arms around her and caressed her shoulders and neck, snuggling soft kisses against her skin. She shivered, and I felt goose bumps rise on her body as I blew warm air down her neck and back. I waited for her to finally thrust herself down on my tool, but she didn't.


Little by little, though, over the span of several minutes she slowly worked herself all the way down my shaft until I heard her let out a breath of air, puffing lightly as my entire girth came to rest inside her. I flexed my cock, hoping she would feel and respond to my urgency, but her pussy held me so tight my cock didn't move at all, it only swelled – causing her to gasp as she felt me throb inside her warmth.

With almost undetectable movements, she began to rock minutely back and forth on top of me. I felt her breath against the side of my neck as she silently increased the rate and depth of her penetration. With each stroke, her breathing went from slow and even, to faster and choppy. With each downward push, she would moan as she bottomed out on me, causing my excitement level to ratchet up with each and every repetition.

I wanted desperately to meet her movements, or to kiss her or do something to get her to understand that all I wanted to do was make love WITH her, but I remembered her instructions for me to stay still and stay quiet, so I did just that.

I could smell her precious feminine aroma filling my nostrils and I heard the sounds of her pussy giving way to my hardness. I swelled with pride knowing I was finally able to give her something she would treasure and remember. Even though she was enjoying my cock, and not my heart, it didn't matter right now. All that mattered was that she was being pleased, and it was my cock that was pleasing her. For all I cared, she could ride me for hours and I would be content to lie here and let her cum as many times as she wanted or until she passed out from exhaustion.

Her breathing got much deeper once she found a comfortable rhythm. Her eyes closed and as I closed mine, I felt her snuggle deeply into my neck and wrap her hands around my head. Her rhythm stayed slow, but then it started to speed up in time with her breathing. As she sped up, I tried to concentrate on letting her have her fun. Considering everything, I was holding up pretty well until she started to buck up and down wildly on top of me.... then I thought about what was happening. She was fucking me! She was fucking my cock. My cock! Not someone else's cock – but, my cock, and it felt damn good.

Without being too obvious, I raised my hips a little to give her more of my erection to thrust down on. She took advantage of it, too, increasing her grind against me each time she was at the bottom of her down stroke. Then, lifting her chest off of mine and holding herself up with her arms, she started her final assault on my penis. Our eyes met, and as she fucked me, I saw a look of total satisfaction flood over her face.

Sharron's orgasm must have snuck up on her, because I don't think she was ready for it. It was powerful and as I watched the expression on her face, I was briefly reminded of watching a flower open using time lapse photography because every little expression and movement of her face told the story that she was only a fraction of a second away from exploding.

I had reached up to cradle her sexy breasts in my hands, gently teasing her nipples with my fingertips. The instant I did, the expression on her face changed and her mouth fell open. Taking the chance that she liked the way I was playing with her breasts, I teased them more, tweaking her nipples and making them hard under my fingers. Her face turned red and then she came.... moaning and squirming on top of me, forcing herself down on my cock until she froze and yelled, "Yes! Yes! Yes!"

Exhausted, she collapsed down on my chest, trying to catch her breath. I took this opportunity to softly stoke her hair and her neck, telling her to relax and rest. I remember saying a lot of things as I caressed her, but when it was all over, the only thing I really wanted her to feel was me holding her, caring for her and loving her.

We laid there for a good ten minutes while she caught her breath. All the while, my cock stayed hard inside her, throbbing and jerking as it was held captive deep inside her warm and wet pussy.

Lifting her head up and peering at me through the strands of her disheveled hair, she smiled. "I haven't cum like that in a long, long time, Brad." She said. "If I would have known you were going to be that good," she added with a laugh, "I would have jumped your bones years ago."

I couldn't contain my smile, and it beamed broadly across my face as I smothered myself in the pride that my cock had just made my beautiful dream girl cum. But, my smile faded quickly as she continued speaking, saying "I still can't love you like you want me to, though."

"Since I have you as a captured audience," she said, still lying on top of me with my cock trapped in her vagina, "maybe this is a good time to talk about all the things you said this afternoon. Okay?"

I thought it was pretty bizarre for her to pick this exact time and place to rehash the things I said during our lunch, but I surely wasn't going to ask her to pull her pussy up off my cock, so I just nodded and said "Yeah, okay."

"Good." She said. "First of all, I told a small, white lie to you at lunchtime and I want to make that right. I feel bad about it, too, because I know you've never lied to me."

She went on to say, "I admit I suspected you had a thing for me, you know.... by some of the things you've said and the occasional 'I Love You' you've said from time to time. It was flattering for me, Brad, and I'm no different than any other girl who wants to see herself as being desired and wanted. But, I didn't know you were really 'in love' with me until you said something today. I never intentionally tried to lead you on, but, on the other hand, I never brought it up to discuss with you, either. Maybe I should have, I don't know, but I still feel bad that I allowed you to go on the way you did for so long."

I started to say something, but, she put her finger to my lips and asked me to let her finish. She emphasized her point by clenching her pussy muscles around my erection, and reminding me that I had no choice but to stay where I was and hear her out.

"Brad," she continued, "I've had a few relationships with guys while I've known you, and a couple of them have been serious, as you know. For the most part, though, every one of my relationships broke down after a while. I'm not sure why, but, I started to get this complex that there was something wrong with me. Maybe I just pick the wrong guys, or, maybe I expect too much in a man. Maybe I'm looking for something that doesn't exist - but, I didn't want to start something with you and then have it go wrong. If that happened, I could very well lose my best friend and maybe the only guy in the world that has stood by my side when I needed someone to lean on."

As I listened to her words, I thought about some of her relationships and I completely understood what she was saying.

"But, even now," she said, "now that you poured your heart out to me and I know you were in love with me, that's even more of a reason why we can't be together, don't you see?" She asked. "I couldn't stand it if I had a relationship with you that broke down like the others did. That would be horrible."

Her eyes were pleading for me to understand, and she was waiting for me to respond now, glancing back and forth across my face, anticipating what I might say.

"Sharron," I replied, "first of all, there's nothing wrong with you. You're pretty, and smart and sexy, plus you're compassionate, thoughtful and giving. Those other guys were just jerks and ass-holes. And believe me; I know exactly how horrible it would be to lose you for a friend, so I understand what you're saying."

"So, we can still be friends even if I don't love you the same way back?" She asked.

"Of course," I replied, "but, are you going to be okay knowing how I've felt about you in the past and maybe still do?"

"Yeah," she answered, "I think so. It's kind of nice knowing someone loves me. And if I ever change my mind about you, or figure myself out, you'll be the first one to know."

"Well," I sighed, "I guess I can live with that. I can try not to love you, Sharron. You know, I might slip from time to time and say or do something stupid. Then there's those times I get those uncontrollable erections when ever I'm around you. That's not intentional, Sharron, it just happens. I can't control that. You're going to give me a break on those things, right?"

She laughed and answered, "Brad, I'm glad I turn at least one man on like that. I mean, it's kinda nice to know I have that affect on you. And. Yes, I'll give you a break if I see your pants all puffed out behind your zipper.... it will be our little secret, I promise."

I thought about it and then thanked her. Somehow, it felt like we were going over the terms of our 'break-up', as if we had already been boyfriend and girlfriend, asking each other if we could still be friends.

After a minute, she tapped her finger on my nose, smiled and said, "There's something else I wanted to talk to you about tonight."

"So, go ahead," I urged, "we might as well get everything out on the table."

"It's just that," she paused, "well, you know I'm no different than you or anyone else when it comes to sex. I mean, I get horny, too! And I was just thinking maybe you wouldn't mind being my 'Naked Guy Toy' and doing the CFNM thing for me every now and then."

My eyes shot open when I realized what she was asking. This meant we could continue to be friends and see each other. It also meant, I assume, that she was interested having me be naked when I was around her.

"Hell yes!" I answered. Then I cautiously asked, "Does that mean I might eventually get the chance to make love to you?"

She smiled as she spoke. "Well, I'm not going to promise anything, but after the ride I just had sitting on top of your cock, if I get desperate, you're definitely the top candidate right now. What I was getting at, though, is this.... I was hoping you would be interested in a friendly CFNM agreement from time to time. You know, what I mean right? Being completely naked in front of me when we're together."

"Brad," she explained, "Honestly, I really enjoy looking at a naked man, especially if he's excited and erect. And you, my friend" she said, "look absolutely adorable when you're excited and erect. You're perfectly sized and shaped..... and to be completely truthful, I really got off on watching you stroke yourself in front of me." She said.

"But you have to promise me," she warned, "that we're just going to remain friends through this.... friends helping each other, and we're not going to let yourself fall in love with me again. Eventually, I might even find a guy that's not a jerk or an ass-hole, and when I do, you're going to have to back off and let it play out. Do you think you could do that?"

"Sharron, you know I've never been anything but supportive of your relationships and more than anything else in the world, I do want you to be happy, so I wouldn't ever dream of interfering." I answered. "So, yeah, I think it would work."

As I answered, she smiled, wiggled her hips and scooted herself down on me, lightly grinding her pelvis against mine.

"Oh, Brad! I'm so happy you're willing to do it." She said. "Now, just a few more tiny details and I think we're set. I was thinking we need to agree on some CFNM rules so there are no misunderstandings. That's fair, right?" She asked.

"Sure." I replied.

"So," she continued, "the first rule has to be that you'll get naked for me any time it's safe for you to do it – like here in the condo, for example. And that means no covering yourself up, Brad, you have to let yourself be seen..... even if you, uh, have an erection."

"Fine with me," I said, "that sounds easy."

"Now, its okay for you to stroke yourself," she added, "I understand you might need to get some relief if you're walking around all day with that cock of yours poking out and leaking all over the place, so that's perfectly fine with me. All I ask is that you let me watch while you do it. You're free to make yourself cum if you want to, in fact, that's something that would really turn me on to see."

"Next, I want you to promise me you won't go snooping around in my lingerie without me knowing." She said. "That means either clean or dirty, Brad." See looked directly in my eyes when she said this. There was a bit of a smirk on her face when she said it, but, I could see she was trying to make a point.

"We both know you have this fascination with women's lingerie, Bradley, and I've read some things about that on the internet, and I guess it's pretty common, but I don't want to have to worry that you're perving out on my bras and panties behind my back." She explained. "I would much rather know when you're doing it and maybe we can make that part of our CFNM time."

"Since you're going to be naked for me," she went on, "I think I can allow you to use some of my lingerie if it keeps you hard and helps you cum. But, I don't want you digging around in my things without my permission. Are we cool with that?" She asked.

I blushed as she spoke. It was like she was scolding me for what I did with her panties when she wasn't home. It was embarrassing to hear her talk to me about my secret desire to have her lingerie, but, she seemed to understand why a man would be interested in his fantasy woman's panties, so I agreed and promised I wouldn't violate her trust. Besides, if she was going to give them to me anyway, there wasn't a need to sneak around about it. I was just happy she understood why I wanted her panties.

"Good." She said. "Now, I do have a favor to ask, and you don't have to agree to this, but I'm hoping you'll at least think about it."

"Okay, what is it?" I asked.

"Well, would you mind if I take a few pictures of you while you're naked?" She asked. "I won't take any with your face in it, but, I would dearly love to have some pictures of your cock, and maybe a few of you stroking it and cumming for me. Maybe we can take some with you using my panties," she continued, "and maybe I can lend you a pair or two to keep for a while in trade for some pictures, which of course, I would promise to keep totally private, you know, uh, just for my private use when I'm alone."

"Sharron," I replied, "Do you mean you would actually masturbate while looking at pictures of my cock?"

She must have thought I was serious, but I was only joking, adding "I trust you totally with any pictures you might take, Sharron. You wouldn't even have to give me your panties, but, if you want to do that, I would cherish them. I guess you know that. So, yeah, I'm okay with the pictures as long as you keep them to yourself."

"I know it's kind of a super personal thing to ask, even 'kinky' I guess," she replied, "but, so is giving you my panties to use while you masturbate. Don't you think?"

I had to agree with her and I told her so. I also told her that I trusted her implicitly with any pictures she wanted to take. We talked a few more minutes about the rest of the rules she wanted to put in place and then finally, she wanted some assurance I wouldn't try to make her love me.

"I just want to see you happy," I answered, "I can accept the fact that we're not going to be boyfriend and girlfriend, Sharron. I know you're going to date and go out with guys, and I really hope you meet someone that will make you happy and not turn into an ass-wipe."

"Well, Brad," she sighed, "I have to say that this went a lot easier than I thought it would. I know I broke your heart today, but, it's turned out okay. Hasn't it?" She asked.

I felt tears start to well up in my eyes. I tried to keep her from noticing, but there was no way I could fool her. Then, as a lone tear started to run down my cheek, she wiped it away immediately and kissed my cheek. It felt good, though, to have finally told her everything. At least she knew the whole story and if there were any doubt in her mind that she wasn't lovable, hopefully they were put to rest. 

"Now, I have just one more request." She said. "Then we can get cleaned up and have that wonderful surprise dinner you have downstairs."

"What's that?" I asked.

"Well," she replied, "this is kind of hard to ask, but if there's anyone in the world I can ask this of, it's you. So..... uh, would you fuck me?"

I looked at her with wide opened eyes. I didn't expect this and it took me by complete surprise.

"I really need it, Brad." She explained. "It's been such a long time since I've laid back and felt the thrusts of a man between my legs. Sometimes a woman needs to feel a man's touch and feel a hard cock sliding in and out her. I need that so bad right now. So, can you?" She asked pleadingly.

It was like my dreams and fantasies came true in the flash of an eye. I had practiced and rehearsed this in my mind a hundred times. My cock, which was still buried in her velvetness, throbbed and jumped with joy at her request. So, looking directly into her eyes, I nodded my head and simply said "I would love to."

She eased herself off my cock and modestly lay down next to me, covering her pussy with her hands. I wanted to jump up and take a long look at her whole body, the goddess of my lust and affection for so many years, but, instead, I stood up next to the bed and reached out my hand to her and pulled her to her feet. When she was standing, I led her to the full length mirror in her room and pulled her in front of it and then stood behind her, looking past her shoulder into the mirror.

She started to blush, moving her hands to cover her breasts and vagina. I surmised she was bashful about me seeing her totally naked, but if she knew how beautiful I thought she was, she wouldn't have been bashful at all.

I used my hands to caress her shoulders, telling her how perfect and beautiful she was. Holding her hair away, I kissed down the side of her neck toward her shoulders saying, "Look how beautiful you are, Sharron. Look in the mirror to see the prettiest and sexiest girl in the world."

Then, pressing my erection against her butt, I asked "Can you feel what you're doing to me? Can you feel my cock pressing into you? Do you have any idea how turned on I am right now? Do you know that every time I'm around you I get hard like this?"

I asked her to drop her hands to her side so I could see all of her. Reluctantly, she did, looking into my eyes for approval that she was still beautiful now that I could see everything clearly. I raised my hands and wrapped them around her, being careful not to touch her at all. Then, as if there was a force field in front of her, I hovered my hands in front of her breasts, an inch or two above her skin.

Moving my hands closer and closer until I could barely sense the feel of her skin, I stopped. Looking into her eyes in the reflection of the mirror, I began to move my hands up and down her body, following the contours and curves of her womanly frame, just barely touching her as I went. "Gawd," I though, "she's more beautiful than I ever imagined."

At some point, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath as my hands roamed over her, my fingertips only barely touching her skin. I could feel the tiny, fine hairs on her body on my fingers as I drifted over her skin. I took special care not to actually touch her breasts or between her legs, wanting to make her melt with anticipation and desire.

My own excitement was obvious. My cock was throbbing, pulsing, and leaking pre-cum profusely from the tip, leaving a noticeable wet streak on her stomach when I accidentally touched her with it.

Standing in front of her, I reached up to her chest. It was hard for me to keep myself from groping her breasts and devouring her nipples. But, I started at slope of her breast, just at that point where her breast rose from her chest and began to trace a circle around the outside of her orb with my fingertip. Then, wanting to extend both her anticipation and my excitement, I continued tracing circles over her sweet breasts, reducing each one as I went, getting closer and closer to her nipples. When my circles had finally reduced to the point where I was making small circles just around her nipples, I bent my head down and gently took one of them into my mouth and got it wet. Then releasing it, I blew warm air over the wet nipple, causing her to shiver as she stood naked in front of me. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw goose bumps rise on her arms and the little dimples on her areolas rose up, reacting to my warm breath as it flowed across her skin. I repeated my slobbery suckling with her other nipple, but this time, she moaned and raised her hands to the back of my head, cradling me to her boob as I tenderly sucked and kissed her nipple.

I wasn't sure how much longer I could keep this up. My cock was becoming angry, but I forced myself to be patient, knowing this might be the only chance I ever got to fully adore her body and demonstrate how much I really did love her.

I had spent many lonely nights lying in bed, stroking myself as I dreamed about her breasts and how I would touch them in a way she would never forget. And it was time... time to finally experience their shape, taste and feel.

Gently, I pursed my lips as if I was going to kiss them, but instead I sealed my lips over her nipple and tugged softly on it. Then, breathing in through my nose, I opened my mouth and exhaled the warm air from my lungs out upon her breasts. I actually felt her push her chest into me, as if she was trying to get me to take more of her breast into my mouth. Instead, I switched to the other breast and did the same thing, tugging her nipple with only the suction of my lips and then breathing warm air over her breast.

I could feel her heart beating deep inside her chest as I made love to her breasts, moving from side to side throwing both of us into a fever of excitement and joy. She started to sway a little from side to side, even widening her stance to support herself better. Gently and slowly, I ran my hand down her belly, stopping just above her mound. I paused for a few seconds to see if she was going to object, and when she didn't, my hand continued southward until I finally came into contact with her labia.

Very gently, with an almost unperceived amount of pressure, I pressed my finger between her lips. My mind cried out – reminding me of all the times I had fantasized about this very instant, telling me to hurry and sink my fingers up inside her. Resisting that urge, though, I lightly traced my way back up to her little nub and rubbed small circles around it, avoiding direct contact with her clit. "Oooohhhh," she moaned, "that feels really good."

I wanted so badly to pull my face away from her breasts and get down on my knees and stare at her vagina. I had waited so long to see it and here I was touching it without ever really looking at it closely. But, I decided to keep sucking her nipples as my fingers danced around her clitoris. "Oh, Gawd!" She exclaimed. "I can actually feel you sucking my tits down in my pussy." She panted.

Sharron's heart was pounding now, I could even feel it through her nipples as I sucked them. I could sense the excitement growing to a fever pitch and it was obvious to me that we needed to lie down or else we were both going to tumble onto the floor. I waited until I knew she had taken a breath and then I lifted my head off her breast, removed my hand from between her legs, and hugged her to me.

"Please, Brad," she gasped, "enough is enough. Whatever you're trying to prove, well... you proved it. Just fuck me now, would you?"

I answered her in my head, not wanting her to hear my reply, "Not on your life, Sharron. I've waited years for this opportunity and there's no way I'm going to let you rush me."

But, still, I didn't wait long, mind you, just long enough for her to take another breath and then I picked her up, cradling her precious body in my arms and carried her to her bed. As she looked up at me wondering what I was going to do next, I stepped on the bed and crawled my way between her legs. I wanted so bad to peer into the cleft between her thighs, but thinking better of it, I smiled at her and lifted her knees. As I gently pushed them back, she blushed a deep red and then let them fall apart, opening her sex to me.

Finally, I looked down to see the center of her womanhood. Her lips were slightly parted and engorged with the signs of her need. I stopped for a minute to study her pussy. Not, mind you, because I wanted to finally see her most private place, but because I wanted to decide exactly how I was going to love her there.

Deciding on a course of action, I bent down and scooted my face to within inches of her labia and placed my hands on either side of her lips. Then very lightly, I spread her open and nuzzled my face right up into her.

Now, I've read that some women are self-conscious about their sexual aroma. I imagine it must be terrifying to open your legs with the fear that your lover might not find your sexual smell appealing. I don't know if Sharron had that fear, but if she did, she was about to have the proof that I adored her scent.

If my life stopped right at that instant, I would have died a happy man with my face pushed up against her pussy. She was utterly and completely gorgeous. Her smell was sweet and abundant, bringing rapture to my senses and as I extended my tongue to finally have my first taste, I became aware of my cock rubbing against the bed and I feared I was about to spontaneously explode, spraying my cum all over both of us in something close to an uncontrolled eruption. I repositioned myself to decrease the friction on my cock and then turned my attention back to her pussy.

I was frozen and in awe of her precious spot as I began to lightly lick up and down between her lips. "Surely, this is heaven." I thought, as I began to make love to her with my tongue. With each stroke up the length of her lips, I went in deeper, tasting more of her and grazing her clit with my tongue as I reached the top of her slit. Nudging up under her clitoral hood, I tongued her clit and then reached my hand up to stretch the skin above it, fully revealing her clitoral nub so I could lick, suck and kiss it.

It's not an understatement for me to say that I would have been totally content to just to keep my face buried between her legs and kiss her there all night, but I knew what she wanted. She wanted some cock! She wanted to feel penetration and thrusting, and I was going to give her what she wanted, but not just yet. I still wanted to savor her body a little while longer.

Glancing up at her, I found that she was looking down and watching me intently. A part of me hoped that she was totally mesmerized by what I was doing, and then I wondered if anyone had ever taken the time to give her the attention she needed and deserved between her legs. Well, if she needed to be sexually pleasured, she came to the right place, that's for sure.

I moved one of my hands to the opening of her pussy and gently pushed a finger into her, palm up, bringing it to bear against the front wall of her vagina looking for her g-spot. I knew I found the spot when she moaned loudly and threw her knees apart as widely as she could. "Oh, fuck yes! Right there!" She yelled. Her hips began to buck and her head started to thrash from side to side as I massaged her g-spot and flicked my tongue quickly up and down her clit. She started moaning and making undistinguishable sounds that I couldn't understand, leaving no doubt in my mind that she was loving this.

With my face buried against her, I began to hum, vibrating her pussy with deep monotones while continuing to stimulate her g-spot with my finger and tonguing up and down between her vaginal lips. "Oh, Fuck, Brad! I can feel that so deep inside me. Oh, Gawd, Brad!" She screamed. "You're going to make me cum!" She moaned. "Oh, oh, oh... Fuck!"

"Aaaahhhh!" She gasped as she pushed my face away from her pussy and convulsed on the bed in front of me. I reduced the pressure of my finger against her g-spot and slid it out of her, but as soon as I did, she yelled "No! No! Put it back in." When I didn't move fast enough, she reached down, felt for my hand and pushed my finger back into her, holding my hand firmly in place as she squirmed against it while I pressed my fingers up against her g-spot again.

I watched in amazement as Sharron used my hand, adjusting the position and pressure to the way she wanted it, and then she exploded into another orgasm, this one strong enough to make her legs shake and take her breath away. She shook and gyrated as she held my hand tightly inside her, letting herself go completely and forgetting any modesty or hesitance she might have had before now.

When her climax passed, she let go of my hand and every muscle in her body relaxed as she sank exhausted into the bed, panting and gasping for breath. I pulled my hand away from her pussy and lightly stroked her legs, allowing her rest and feel my light, caressing touch as she lie there.

My cock was past the point of being numb. The spot where it rested against her bed was literally soaked with my leaking pre-cum, but honestly, the whole time I was administering to her pussy, I never once thought about touching it or impaling myself deep into her warm and sexy body.

After a minute with me lightly stroking one leg and then the other, she spoke, saying, "I've never cum so hard in my life, Brad. I don't know how to thank you."

"Are you ready for me to fuck you now?" I asked.

"Oh, I'm more than ready," she answered, "I want to be filled up so bad now. Come on, put that cock in me and don't make me wait any longer."

Unfortunately, since I don't get many chances to practice my cocksmanship, the only experience I had to draw from was my fantasies, dreams and visions of how I would make love to her. I hoped it would be enough.

I reached for a pillow and told her to lift her hips. When she did, I slipped the pillow under her and she pulled her knees up to her chest and looked at me as if to say "Okay, give me the big one now."

If I was right, tilting her pelvis back would hopefully give me a better trajectory at her g-spot while I fucked her. However, I got a bonus I didn't count on because the pillow also positioned her in such a way that it opened her up in almost a lewd manner, allowing me to see down inside her, past her inner lips into the pinkness of her pussy. I would remember this sight forever, I thought. On one hand it looked wonderfully nasty, but on the other hand, I felt honored and privileged that she would display herself so openly like this to me.

Moving up between her thighs, I positioned myself to slide into her upturned pussy. Glancing up at her, the look of anticipation and longing was etched across her face and I could see she was becoming impatient with me. I didn't want to keep her waiting much longer so without any more delay I asked her, "Do you want to put it in for me?"

She nodded her head and moved her right down between us and she grasped the shaft of my cock and tugged me toward her. As I scooted closer, she squeezed me tightly, causing a stream of pre-cum to drip all over her hand. Once she pulled me close enough, she guided my cock between her lips and rubbed it up and down her furrow before stopping with it nestled at the entrance to her vagina. "Okay," she said, "go slow at first, but then I want you to pump me really deeply."

I began to push into her slowly. I stopped when I was a couple of inches in and looked up to see her reaction. "Damn it, Brad!" She cursed. "You're starting to piss me off now!"

I leaned over her and then slowly sunk into her wetness, inch by inch until my entire length was in her all the way. "Aaaaahhhhh." She moaned. "That feels soooo good."

I smiled to myself, taking her moans as a compliment, as I began to slowly and smoothly glide in and out of her. I took great pains to make sure I pushed all the way in, and then pulled out almost all the way as I reversed. Picking up speed, I started to concentrate on creating pressure and friction against her g-spot by angling my thrusts so my cock would rub against her there. I got into a steady rhythm, watching her eyes stare back at me and then roll back under her eyelids as she enjoyed the sensation of being deeply fucked.

Before long, her mouth was hanging open and she was panting as she stared up at me. All of a sudden, I stopped mid-thrust and held myself still. "Touch yourself while I fuck you." I asked. "Play with your clit."

Her hand went immediately down to her mound. Her fingers went straight to her clit and she started to rub it up and down in time with her breathing. It was amazing to watch her touch herself. I think everyman has fantasized about watching a beautiful woman touch her own pussy, and I could have watched her for hours, but I was brought back to reality by her soft voice as she called my name. Looking up at her, it was clear to me what she wanted, so I resumed my slow and deep thrusts into her pussy.

I felt her hand as it worked between our bodies, occasionally touching my cock as she played with herself. The thought of what she was doing to her clit, combined with the tight and slippery feel of her vagina, urged me to increase my speed and before I knew it, I was thrusting into her at full speed and as deeply as I could. We were both panting and sweating by this time, the bed bouncing up and down under my forceful thrusts. Her head was turned to the side and her eyes were closed. I wondered for a minute if she was embarrassed and afraid to look me in the eyes, but then it occurred to me that she was approaching orgasm and was concentrating on her own pleasure, enjoying the thrusting against her g-spot and the fingering her clit was getting.

Then, without any warning she started to moan to me, urging me on and begging me not to stop. "Brad, come on, I'm almost there," she said, "keep fucking me... keep fucking me..... I'm almost there!"

I lowered my head to her chest and took one of her raised nipples in my mouth and sucked it hard. "Oh, yes!" She yelled, as she held my face to her breast with her free hand. "Come on, baby... come on, baby.... fuck me."

I lost all control when I heard her call me 'Baby'. The instant I heard her say the word, I felt the sperm start to swell up in my balls and then the familiar nut tightening a man gets right before he cums. "I'm getting close," I warned, "I'm going to cum soon."

"Oh, yeah!" She moaned. "Come with me, Brad. Come on.... Come on... Ooohhhh.... Aaaaahhhh!" She screamed.

When my cock erupted, I froze solid and held myself up as I started to empty every drop of my cum into her waiting pussy. She started to throw her head back and forth again, and I felt her legs go rigid and then she came, too.

Her body shook in small spasms and her eyes fluttered back and forth as she melted into the bliss surrounding our orgasms. I have never once had a simultaneous orgasm with a woman in my life, and I can tell you without any reservation, this was the most moving moment in my entire existence. Between feeling the contractions of my cock, the volume of cum that must be flowing into her and then seeing her cum again..... it was better than all my dreams and fantasies put together.

We shook in unison until we were done, both trying to catch our breath and regain our composure as the waves of orgasm washed over us. I felt her wiggle her hand free from between our bodies and when it was loose, she held it in mid-air between us. I don't know what made me do it, but I reached out, took her glistening hand in mine and brought it to my face. Her eyes opened wide as I held her juicy fingers to my nose and then licked each finger until it was clean, savoring the taste of her female juices. When I was done, I looked up to her and jokingly said "Ah, yes.... It's finger licking good!"


She started to smile and then a wave of seriousness flowed over her face. "My Gawd, Brad," she said, "I don't know what to say. I've never had anyone make me cum so many times."

Smiling proudly, I looked down to where we were still joined. We were both covered with the shiny and slimy mixture of our combined juices. Her pussy held me tightly, both sets of lips forced apart by my cock and I could see her clit peeking out from beneath its hood. As I started to pull out, I could see more and more of her pussy come into view, and as it did, I was overwhelmed at the pinkness and wetness between her legs.

Finally, my cock pulled out of her with a 'plop' and she held her legs open letting me look at her. There was just one more thing I needed to do, I thought, and with that, I scooted back and lowered my head to her pussy and began to kiss and lick her again.

"Brad!" She exclaimed. "What are you doing?"

There was no need to answer her. She knew exactly what I was doing. I buried my face between her pussy lips and started to suck, lick and kiss her without any thought to the fact that she was filled with my own cum. To most men, I guess it would be revolting to suck up your own cum, but that never crossed my mind. To me, all I saw was her vagina laying open, begging to be kissed and licked and loved. As I kissed her there, I started to worry about what she would think of me doing this, but, I soon felt her hands on the back of my head, guiding my mouth to where she wanted it. So as I sucked, licked and kissed, she moaned and cooed while I thoroughly enjoyed myself.

When I was done kissing her down there, she stretched her arms out to me and softly said "Come here." Rising up and crawling up her body, she pulled me down to her chest and used her hands to turn my face to hers and then she kissed me on the lips.... warmly and deeply, just like I had dreamed of thousands of times before.

And now she knew how much I loved her.

My Introduction To CFNM Ch. 04
byPro_Ball_Player©

Author's comments: This is the final chapter to this CFNM story. I appreciate all your emails and comments on the previous chapters. I've tried to move this chapter closer to 'real' CFNM as best I can within the limits of my understanding and in keeping the story in line with the previous chapters. Enjoy.

I spent the next few days in total ecstasy re-living the evening Sharron and I shared at her place and recalling every detail of how I felt when my cock was resting snugly inside the cozy tenderness of Sharron's angelic warm pussy. If there's a woman on Earth who really is a '10', then Sharron has to be an '11'. I was sure of it. She's cute, sexy and smart.

Each time I thought back to that night, my cock instantly grew to epic proportions recalling how I stood naked before her with my eyes closed as she teased me. I could still feel her light touch as it grazed across my skin and the gentle softness of her hand as it closed tenderly, but firmly, around my engorged member. I could almost cum without touching myself just thinking about what we did that evening, the way she made me feel and the level of excitement she raised in me.

In my wildest imagination, I would have never expected her to test me the way she did. But the way she did it – the way she teased and taunted me – brought me to a fever pitch so quickly that it caused my erection to pulse uncontrollably, almost making my cock erupt as I stood naked in front of her. How did she know to do these things to me? Did she read about it in Cosmo, or does she simply know me so well that she knew exactly what to do to take my breath away? It doesn't matter though, because in spite of how she knew to do it, or why she did it, nothing would change the fact that she was in complete and total command of my emotions and my cock.

It was through the events of that one night, amazingly enough, where I finally came to grips with my misplaced love for her. I don't know if it was the heartfelt talk we had, or the fact that I was finally able to consummate my love for Sharron in the most prurient and intimate manner imaginable. That night, I kissed, licked, sucked, caressed and made love to the most beautiful and alluring woman on the planet – the woman of my dreams – the woman who played the starring role in so many breathtaking jackoff fantasies, and I did it...... I made love to her with fire and a passion that literally filled my heart to the brim. And when it was over, I felt absolutely complete. Maybe it was the act of filling her with my hot cum, or sucking her tender nipples between my lips..... or making her cum with my tongue. But, whatever it was, the spell was broken and I finally realized I could live without her loving me back.

As we approached Saturday, I abided by her wishes and didn't call or text page her. But when Friday came and I hadn't heard from her, I was starting to worry that she cancelled our CFNM weekend. All of my worrying turned out to be worthless because shortly before lunch on Friday, as I was sitting in my office trying to finish my sales projections for next quarter, Sharron text paged me.

"Do u still want to do CFNM wkend? Yes/No." She asked.

"Yes." I texted back.

"K," she replied, "Ck ur email now 4 details and instructions."

By the time I could open up a browser session and fire up my email, there was a note waiting for me with the subject line: 'CFNM Naked Brad: read and reply'.

As I opened the email, my cock naturally began to swell and I took a second to adjust it in my pants, making room for what I knew was going to be the inevitable hardening of my cock.

A plethora of feelings flushed over me as I read her email:

"Brad, over the years I have been touched by your kindness and closeness. You have been my friend and a confidant when I needed one. You've made me laugh and I feel utterly unencumbered when I'm with you. I realize now how much you must have loved me to keep your hopes alive for all these years, and how hard it was to keep those feelings a secret from me. I do love you, I hope you know that, but it's not the kind of love that will find us standing at the alter and planning a life together as husband and wife. I am sorry that we can't be together like that and I hope you now understand why."

"After you left my condo the other night, I thought about things. Specifically, I thought lot about what we did. After a while, three indisputable facts became clear to me. The first is that I don't want to ever lose your friendship. It means too much to me, Brad. The next thing is that I immensely enjoyed it when you were naked. It was such a turn-on to see your cock get hard and throb the way it did. Every time I think about what you did after lunch with my panties and that night at the condo, I get so excited I can't wait to get my hands between my legs and get myself off. It's like I've discovered a deep longing about me that is surfacing and craving more. The truth be told, I loved it and I want more."

"That brings me to the last indisputable fact, and that is, I know you enjoyed it too, Brad. I could tell by the look on your face and the way your body reacted that you really got off on it, too. I'm willing to bet almost anything that the excitement you felt stroking your cock for me has to be better than wanking yourself all alone in bed, isn't it? The way your cock exploded and the amount of cum that came out of that magnificent tool of yours tells me that you enjoyed it as much as I did."

"So, that brings me to the point where I have to ask you a very important question. Brad, would you like to be my full-time CFNM man? What I mean is, if we both like it, doesn't it make sense that we can both get something we want and help each other out at the same time? I feel comfortable doing this with you. So, if you feel comfortable doing it with me, would you like to be my full-time CFNM man? If your answer is 'Yes', then I want you to read the rest of this email very carefully and email me back by 2:00 PM today with just one word: 'Yes'."

"If this doesn't interest you, then stop reading now. If I don't hear back from you by 2:00 PM, then let's just forget about the CFNM thing and we can go back to being friends like we were."

"Okay, so if you're still reading this, then I assume you're interested. I can't tell you how happy I am. What I would like is for you and I to be friends, just like we were before we met for lunch that day. But, to go along with that, I'm offering you the opportunity to be my full-time CFNM man one weekend per month. What that means is that you will stay at my house and be naked all weekend, gloriously exposed for me to touch and enjoy any way I choose until you leave at the end of the weekend. At the bottom of this note, you'll find the rules, the CFNM rules. Bradley, you have to understand that I expect you to follow these rules. I know some of the rules might seem shocking to you, especially the ones about erections, masturbation and you remaining naked when I have visitors, but, they are the rules and you'll have to follow them if you want to be my naked man."

"There might be other times when I might invite you over for a few hours at a time to assume your CFNM role. If and when that happens, all the rules will apply from the time you walk in the door until the time you leave. Of course, there will be times when you're over and it won't be CFNM. During those times, you won't have to worry about the rules."

"There is one thing I need to make very clear and this is probably a good time to bring it up. This is important, Brad, so please pay attention here. When ever we are having our CFNM time, you can't expect any sexual favors from me. I might dress in a way to excite or tease you, but you can't misinterpret this as an invitation to touch me or expect to see me undressed or naked. CFNM means clothed female / nude male, and it's intended for me to enjoy seeing you naked and exposed, not the other way around. So, if you do this, you do it with the understanding that you're going to be there completely naked, and expressly for my enjoyment."

It was at this point in her note where I realized I was unconsciously rubbing the length of my engorged package as it lie throbbing inside my pants.

"I might touch you and yes, I might even do sexual things to you if it amuses me. I just can't imagine having that beautiful cock close to me and not wanting to touch or enjoy it. I will most definitely want to see it hard, watch you play with it and entertain me with it. I might even ask you to do something to pleasure me from time to time, but, don't assume anything and don't expect anything in return."

"Now, Brad, I don't want to paint a picture here that deprives you of enjoying yourself, too. It goes without saying that you'll have ample opportunities and ample stimulation to make yourself cum as often as you can get hard. I'm almost confident that you're going to get a pretty big thrill out of me being there, stimulating you, directing you and watching you. If I'm wrong on that, please let me know, but I've got this feeling I'm dead on. Maybe I should put it to you in these terms: by the time you leave each time, I wouldn't be surprised if you're too worn out to get another hard-on."

I read the rest of her note and then reread the whole thing three more times. My cock was about to bust through my zipper reading and fantasizing what it would be like. There were spots in her email where she went into an incredible amount of detail. It was clear to me she was going to an amazing amount of effort to make this as real as possible for both of us. For example, Sharron purchased a wooden chest, which she put by her front door, to hold all my personal belongings and my clothes. The idea was, as soon as I came inside, I was to immediately undress and put all my things in there. And to add to the realism, she said there was a lock on the chest, but she hoped she wouldn't have to use it.

She even made a trip to the store to buy me an electric razor as well as a blade razor, some after shave she liked, soap, toothbrush and all the other personal items I could ever possibly need for a two or three day visit. She added that she took the liberty of doing a bit of clothes shopping for me, "Just some sexy underwear and lewd things I might ask you to wear," as she put it, "purely for my enjoyment". And, she was very clear about it all – I would strip, put all my things, including my phone, car keys and clothes in the wooden chest and they would stay there until I was ready to leave. Sharron promised that she wouldn't have visitors over or let anyone drop by the first few weekends, but she was up front about the fact that she did have other friends and a social life, and sooner or later, I would certainly be seen in a naked state by someone else. She was also up front about the fact that she eventually wanted to have a private party for some of her close girl friends and I would be there to act as the waiter.... especially given the fact that I was so good at it. "Oh," she added, "I'll also want you to be the entertainment for my party. I mean, what's the use in having such a beautiful specimen at my disposal if I can't show it off and have some fun with it?"

The last few lines of her email made my cock jump in my pants: "Oh, and Brad," she wrote, "I don't want you to touch yourself the two days proceeding any of our CFNM weekends. I know it's Friday, and you've probably already whacked yourself off at least once today, but, keep your hands off that thing until you get to my place tomorrow. That means so tugging, masturbating, stroking, feeling, whacking, choking, wanking or whatever else you guys call it. Brad, I realize that might be difficult because I know how guys like to play with themselves all the time, but, I want you to be anxious and worked up when you come over. As I said before, you'll have ample opportunities to get some relief once you walk through my door and it closes behind you."

My mind exploded with visions of walking through her door, being immediately told to strip and stroke my cock for her while she sat and watched. As unusual as it sounded, it appealed to me and I found myself unconsciously reaching for my zipper – right there in my office! "Oh, shit!" I thought. "I can't believe I was just about to pull it out and jackoff right here."

All in all, her email was well thought out and detailed where it needed to be. After reading it a total of four times, I realized Sharron deliberately wrote it in a way that was intended to entice and excite me. And she was obviously successful since all the blood in my entire body found its way to my cock, making it as hard as a steel pipe. Without thinking any further or considering the pros and cons of her offer, I sent her back an email with the one word answer she already knew I was going to send. "Yes".

That night, I began to primp myself as I had never done before. I cut my fingernails and my toenails, rounding each one perfectly. I took a long shower, washing my hair twice and actually using the conditioner that sat unused for six months. I used the course body sponge over every inch of my body. Unfortunately, I had to discover by trial and error that the body sponge should never be used on any part of your penis (OUCH!).

I even went so far as to use a pair of scissors to try to trim my pubic hair. But looking down and realizing my trim job was uneven, I kept trimming and trimming until I had trimmed it down to almost nothing! But, that was no big deal – after all, Sharron was virtually shaved smooth, so I figured she would be fine with my new 'do'. I had to chuckle though, because with my pubes trimmed back so low, it made my cock look bigger, something I didn't think Sharron was going to complain about.

Through the whole night, my cock stayed hard thinking about what lay in store for me the next day at Sharron's house. When ever I started to get soft, all I had to do was think about going over there in the morning and WHAM, instant pole on.

By the time it got to be 11:00 PM that night, I was primped and ready for bed. Wearing only my boxers, t-shirt and socks, I picked up my cell phone and was just about to plug in the charger when I saw that Sharron had text paged me a few hours earlier. "Call me be4 u go 2 bed 2nite." Hoping she was still up, I sat down on my bed and dialed her number.

"Hey." She said.

"Hey. I just saw your text." I replied. "Sorry, I've been busy getting ready for the big day." I said, laughing.

"You mean the big weekend." She corrected me, chucking out loud.

"Oh, yeah. I guess that's right." I answered.

"So, are you nervous?" She asked.

"I don't know..... maybe," I replied, "but, I've been so busy I haven't had time to think abut being nervous."

"Doing what?" She inquired.

"You know, just stuff to get ready." I answered.

"I've got everything you need over here already," she said, "all you have to do is bring yourself, Brad."

Sharron sat and listed politely as I explained in melodramatic detail about the shower and the body sponge and my pubic trim job. I could hear her break into laughter every now and then until she finally interrupted me, asking "It sounds like you're really getting into it. Are you excited?"

I admitted the truth. "Sure, why wouldn't I be?" I said. "I think your email was right on the money, so, believe me, I'm good to go."

"You've probably had an erection all day, haven't you?" She asked confidently.

"Well, no shit, Sherlock! Between reading your email and everything that's been flying around in my head, I've been hard all damn day." I replied. "Can you blame me?"

"No, I don't blame you, and that's exactly what I was hoping for." She answered. "And to tell you the truth, Brad, I've been excited all day, myself. But, be honest with me, have you, uh, kept your hands off yourself? You know, down there, I mean."

"Well, I haven't cum, if that's what you're getting at." I said.

"But you wanted to," she added, "isn't that right?"

"Hell yes, I wanted to," I exclaimed, "but your note told me not to do it."

"Ah," she mused, "I'm glad to know that you're following the rules. So, if I tried to entice you to stroke yourself right now, do you think you could keep from doing it?" She asked.

"Sharron, it's probably not a good idea to tease me right now. I'm on a hair trigger, so to speak." I warned her. "I could spontaneously explode and spew cum everywhere!"

"Oh, I see." She said. "So you probably couldn't resist touching yourself if I told you I was lying here nice and comfy in my own little bed, wearing only a tiny pair of panties and that I was very, very wet. Is that right?" She asked.

"No Shit? Are you really?" I replied.

"Uh huh," she moaned into the phone, "I am. I was just thinking about how nice it's going to be seeing you naked and hard all weekend – just for little ol' me. And, my fingers are down there, stroking up and down between my legs, making my panties wetter and wetter. Ooohhh, I can't tell you how nice this feels, Brad."

I listened for a minute and heard her breathing heavily into the phone.

"Sharron," I warned, "if you're trying to get me to break the rules and start jerking myself, just keep it up. I'm warning you."

"Go ahead," she said, "you can jerk yourself all you like," she added, "just don't make yourself cum."

After another few seconds she asked "Brad, are you naked?"

"No," I answered, "well almost, I guess. I'm in my underwear."

"Oh, what a coincidence!" She remarked. "We're both in our chonies!"

"Jeez, what a surprise." I replied sarcastically.

"Brad, will you do something for me?" She asked.

"I don't even know why you ask that, Sharron." I answered. "You know I'll do just about anything for you."

"Oh, goodie." She said. "I want you to get naked and stand next to the side of the bed. Make sure you're facing the bed, okay?"

I shook my head from side to side as I sat the phone down and took off my t-shirt, socks and my chonies, as she called them. I could tell from the tone of her voice she was in a playful mood and wondered what mischief was going to befall me.

Turning toward the bed, I picked up the phone and spoke. "Done." I said.

"Hmm, ok," she said, "so, Brad are you erect?"

"What do you mean 'am I erect'? Do you mean am I standing? Yes, I'm standing!" I answered

"No, Brad, I was referring to your winkie. Is it erect? Is it hard?" She asked.

"My winkie?" I answered, almost laughing so hard I couldn't breathe.

"Okay, smart ass.... your penis. Your cock. Your winkie! Is it hard?" She asked.

"Well duh!" I answered. "What do you think, Sharron? You're telling me about how you're touching yourself and how wet your panties are. Of course it's hard."

"Okay, good." She replied. "Now I want you to imagine that I'm lying on your bed, and you're standing right there next to me with a hard on. Go ahead and rub that beautiful cock and tell me what you're thinking about as you stroke yourself. Tell me what goes through your mind while you imagine me lying in front of you in nothing but my panties."

"Are you for real?" I asked.

"Come on, Bradley." She urged. "Play along. It'll be fun. Tell me what you're thinking. You can touch yourself, but, don't make yourself cum."

"So, you're lying on my bed and I'm naked with a hard-on. Can I have you naked," I questioned, "or can I have you doing whatever I want in this fantasy?"

"Oh, I don't think so." She quickly answered. "It has to be just like we are now. I'm lying there in just my panties, touching myself and you're standing naked by the bed. Now you take it from there. Tell me in detail what your fantasy is."

"I got it." I said. "If it's my fantasy, then you don't have anything on but your panties. No bra or anything on top. Your breasts are rising gently as you breathe, and your pretty nipples are poking up at me. Soon your left hand reaches up and your forefinger starts to circle one of your nipples. As you do this, you close your eyes and pull your knees up. I'm stroking myself slowly, but fully – all the way from the bottom to the tip of my winkie."

I hear her giggle on the other end of the phone as I realize my cock is amazingly hard and I'm very turned on. As I listen closely, I can tell her breathing has picked up. Then it hits me – she wants me to talk to her while she masturbates.... she wants me to talk to her until she cums! We're having phone sex! "And what next? I hear her say. So, I continued.

"I inch my way down closer to the end of the bed, so I can see between your legs better – so I can get a direct view of your fingers while they work in that wet crease in your panties. Finally, you open your eyes and see me wrenching my neck, trying to see down there. You realize I'm staring at what you're doing to yourself. You know I can't touch you because that's against the rules, but you look at my straining cock in my hands and you feel sorry for me that I'm straining so hard to see what I want to see. In fact, you feel so sorry for me that you pull your knees all the way up and spread them as far as you can so I can easily look down to see the sopping wet crotch panel of your panties pushed into the valley between your pussy lips."

Man, I was really laying it down heavy now, trying to help her cum. I paused for a moment to listen or her reaction. She didn't disappoint me because she was lightly moaning in time with her breathing, making these little 'cooing' sounds. My own excitement was rising, and a small amount of precum appeared at the tip of my cock. I took note of it, reminding myself that I wasn't supposed to make myself cum, and then I continued my dialogue to help her get off.

"You look up to see me blatantly staring between your legs, Sharron, and you blush because you know what I'm looking at. You're so turned on, you can't stop fingering yourself. We can both hear the wetness between your legs. You're embarrassed, but you're so excited, you can't stop yourself. So, I step toward the top of the bed where my cock is sticking right out over your cute little tits. Then you glance up at my big, hard cock in my hand and you see a drip of pre-cum hanging there. I shake my cock, and the drip falls off and lands on your hard nipple. The fingers on your free hand feel around to find the drip and you start to rub it in, looking up at me, wondering if I'm going to squirt my whole load all over your tits."

"Oh, gawd!" Sharron moaned. She was almost panting now and I could hear her breathing heavily into her phone. I let go of my cock and decided to concentrate on my graphic descriptions and take her the rest of the way there – to her climax.

"Put your hand inside your panties now, Sharron. Think about me looking at you. Think about how much it's turning me on to see you touch yourself. Think how you're going to feel when you make yourself cum in front of me. Isn't that the nastiest thought you've ever had? Tell me how wet you are."

There was no answer from her; I could only hear the heavy breathing and intermittent moans escaping from her mouth as she touched her pussy.

"Sharron." I said. "Did you hear what I asked you? Tell me how wet you are now."

"Yes, I heard you." She moaned. "Oh, gawd, I'm so wet. Really wet, Brad."

"Did you put your hand inside your panties like I told you?" I asked.

"Yes." She answered. "This is so nasty, but, gawd, I'm almost there, Brad. Keep talking!" It was gratifying to know that she followed my instructions and now my only goal was to give her what she needed to push her over the edge.

"Now, you're staring at me, Sharron. You're eyes are locked on my cock, watching my hand as it glides up and down my rod, moving faster and faster and my cockhead is ready to burst. You can't bring yourself to tell me, but deep down, you want me to keep stroking myself and spray my load all over your chest, coating those pretty titties with my man juice. Your eyes can't look away, can they, Sharron? You're dying to see me cum, aren't you? You get off on knowing I'm gonna cum for you. Come on, Sharron, say it."

And that's all it took.

She started that low groan I heard her make that night at her condo when I made her cum. She was almost whimpering, too, and her breathing was choppy and shallow. Then, as I listened, she exploded, calling my name and releasing herself to cum.

"Oh, fuuuuuuuucccccccckkkkkkk!" She yelled. "Brad!"

I listened silently as she went through her orgasm and then fell quiet. I decided to give her a minute to catch her breath and compose herself before I brought her back to reality. It was clear to me this must have been one hell of an orgasm to exhaust her like that. After a couple of minutes, I spoke to her.

"Was that a good one?" I asked.

There was a long pause after my question and just as I was about to ask it again, she answered, "That was awesome, I mean..... totally awesome. I'm literally exhausted."

"Did you have a good cum, Sharron?" I asked, and the added, "Nice and wet down there are you?"

"Oh, yes," she answered, "I'm sopping wet, but, you didn't cum did you, Brad?"

"No," I replied, "but, I easily could have. Maybe I should have."

"I promise I'll let your winkie cum as many times as he wants tomorrow." She added.

"Oh, jeez." I said. "You're serious? I really have to wait until tomorrow?

"Of course I'm serious. But just think how ready you'll be by tomorrow morning and how satisfying it's going to feel." She consoled me, and then added, "Brad, it's time for both of us to go to bed. I've got one more thing I have to do before you arrive tomorrow, and you need to go to sleep so you won't be tempted to stroke yourself into the twilight zone. But, let me ask you – do you still have that spare door key I gave you?"

"Uh huh, I do." I answered. "Remember, I used it the other day?"

"Good," she said. "Then come over exactly at 9:00 tomorrow morning, not any earlier. Let yourself in with the key and go directly into the kitchen and read the note I'm going to leave there for you, okay?"

"No problem." I answered.

"Now promise me three things, Bradley." She asked. "Promise me you won't chicken out, and you'll follow the instructions in the note I'm going to leave you, and that you won't masturbate before I say you can. Can you promise me those three things?"

"Yes, Sharron. I promise." I replied.

"Well, alright then." She chuckled and then said, "Oh, this is going to be so much fun. Just wait," she said, "this will be exactly what we both need. I promise."

With that, we told each other goodnight and she made me promise one more time I wouldn't play with myself, and then we hung up. I looked down at my cock, and it was blistering red. My poor cockhead looked like an angry purple helmet at the end of a steel rod, leaking and begging to be stroked. I shook it off and reached over to plug my phone into the charger and begrudgingly put my poor, horny and agitated self to bed.

Surprisingly enough, I slept like a baby all night. I woke up with morning wood, as if I was part of the Petrified Forest, but, I slept soundly all night. Upon awakening, my hand unconsciously snaked its way down to my crotch to take hold of Mr. Winkie for my morning wank. But as soon as I wrapped my hand around the beast, I immediately remembered not to touch it and snapped myself into the reality that I needed to get up and get going.

I had plenty of time, but I wanted to get away early and stop on the way to Sharron's condo to pick up a surprise for her. Okay, maybe I was suffering from a touch of serendipitous heartbreak sadness, but truthfully, I just like seeing her smile and I love doing things for her because she's always so sweet and appreciative. She's like that, you know. How I love just seeing Sharron smile. And I didn't have any ulterior motives, either. All I wanted to do was do something nice for her. It's like in that movie – I was 'paying it forward'.

So after showering and dressing, I locked up, got in my car, swallowed hard and then hit the road for the short drive over to Sharron's. I stopped at the florist and picked up my surprise – two dozen roses and a bag of fresh, fragrant rose petals.

I arrived at Sharron's with a couple of minutes to spare and sat in my car thinking about what was in store for me. I realized that in just a few minutes I could be completely naked with no hope of getting my clothes back until the weekend was over. As excited as I had been, I was second guessing everything now. I was scared shitless. If I went in, this was really going to happen. Reality is much different than fantasy, you know, and as I sat in the car, I actually contemplated just putting the car in reverse and leaving.

What finally convinced me to gather up the flowers and walk to her door was simple. I trusted her implicitly and I knew that beyond everything else she would never, ever do anything to intentionally hurt my feelings.

I knew damn well that she was really looking forward to this. It was a chance for her to live out her fantasy of having a naked man around her - just for her - that she could ogle, touch and stare at. On the flip side, she knew I was excited about being naked for her and letting her ogle, touch and stare at me. In a way, we were in this together, complementing each other's secret desires. We both silently understood that we had to rely on the other for this to be successful. So when it came right down to it, I knew she would make it comfortable, easy and good for me. It was the way she is. She's like that, you know.

I slid the key into her front door lock at precisely 9:00 AM. I paused a few seconds just in case she was listening, maybe in an attempt to let her know I was there and about to come in. Determined not to let either of us down, I turned the door knob and opened it as smoothly as I could. Stepping inside, there was no immediate sign of her. There were no lights on, no sounds and no traces of Sharron.

With the flowers in my hands, I pushed the door closed behind me. I looked in the direction of her bedroom, but it was silent, so I walked into her kitchen and there on the counter was an envelope with my name on it. I placed the flowers on her kitchen counter and picked up the envelope. The first thing I noticed was that the envelope was perfumed. A classy touch, I thought.

The envelope was sealed and as I opened it, I found a fancy card that had a handwritten line from her which made me smile. Also included was a one page handwritten note saying:

"Brad, I'm writing this after our phone conversation last night, so I think you can imagine the feelings going through my head right now."

"I want you to know that if you're questioning being here or going through with this, it's okay if you want to call it off and go back to your place. Believe me, I won't hold it against you or think less of you. I've questioned it myself at least a hundred times. But, if you stay, I promise it will be memorable weekend the likes of which neither of us will ever forget, and maybe the start of another chapter in the book of our friendship."

"I'm going to assume its a few minutes after nine and you're still dressed. If that's the case, I want you to completely undress and put your clothes in the wooden chest that's right next to the front door. Don't forget to turn your phone off. Go do that and then come back to this note."

"This was it." I thought. "Game on".

I set the note down and walked back into her foyer and looked at the wooden chest. It was about three feet long and maybe twenty inches deep. It had a domed top which reminded me of a miniature pirate chest. There was a clasp where the top met the bottom and a sturdy looking lock, with a key in it, draped through the hole of the clasp. "Hmm," I thought, "she wasn't kidding about the lock".

Opening the chest, I first put in my shoes and then emptied out my pockets and put in my keys, wallet and my phone. Unbuckling my belt, I slowly looked around the room as I undid my jeans and slipped them down and off. The silence was deafening and I started to feel self-conscious as I continued to my shirt, socks and then finally, my chonies.

When I was envisioning this yesterday, I was sure I would have a hard-on as I undressed but that was far from the case right now. If anything, I was feeling embarrassed and shy. It's one thing to be naked in front of a woman that you're hoping to get jiggy with, but, it's eerie as hell to be standing in someone else's home in the dead of silence, alone and completely naked.

Placing my undies in the chest, I closed the lid and looped the opened pad lock back through the hole. Feeling proud and without any more thought, I reached down, closed the lock and removed the key. "I'll just put it in the kitchen for her to find," I said to myself, "in case she's testing my resolve to go the distance."

Returning to the kitchen, I picked up her note and began reading where I left off.

"Welcome back. I bet you're getting a little anxious by this time. But, I hope you don't have an erection, Brad, because the first time I set eyes on you this morning, I want to see you with a soft cock. Then, I want to watch you go from soft to hard while you're right in front of me. Seeing you hard before was such a turn-on for me, but I want to see what it looks like as its happening, knowing you getting hard, just for me."

"To help you, I came up with a way I hope will ensure you are soft when I first see you. Here's what I want you to do: There's a coffee maker on the counter next to the microwave. The instructions and everything you need are right there. I want you to make some coffee for me and bring it to my bedroom at exactly 9:30. Maybe trying to figure out the coffee maker will distract you enough for your cock to go down, if it's hard. You can hunt around for a coffee cup and anything else you need as an added distraction. But, Bradley, in case that doesn't work, open the refrigerator. There's a plastic container in there with some chilled water and a washcloth in it. Use the washcloth as necessary to keep yourself soft. I once read that a cold washcloth will take even the most virulent erection away in a matter of moments. Then, at exactly 9:30 I want you to knock on my bedroom door, ask permission to enter and then bring me a nice, fresh, hot cup of coffee and leave the rest to me. Sounds easy enough, huh? See you at exactly 9:30."

I looked at the clock on her stove and it said 9:14. Turning, I realized my cock was hard now. In fact it was more than hard, it was rock hard. Damn. Damn. Damn. My mind raced ahead to the possibility of having to use the cold washcloth on my nuts and cock, a possibility that wasn't appealing. But not having time to waste, I set to the task of making the coffee. The instructions were simple and it wasn't too long before I had it going. Unfortunately, my cock wasn't cooperating and it was now 9:20. I cringed at the thought of applying the cold, wet washcloth to my winkie but it was looking more and more probable.

I found a coffee mug and a saucer, along with the silver platter I picked up for her a few days earlier. Just to amuse her, I picked out a kitchen towel to drape over my arm, in my best waiter motif. By 9:25 the coffee was done, and I poured it up and readied everything to take up to her bedroom. I quickly arranged one vase of roses and set them on her kitchen table and decided to take the other one to her bedroom with her coffee. Maybe the shock of more roses from a naked delivery man would add something more to what she has planned. I smiled at how clever I was.

Now it's 9:27 and my cock is still hard. DAMN! Reaching into Sharron's refrigerator, I saw the plastic container half filled with water and a washcloth floating in it. It looked cold. DAMN! Her humorous nature must have had a good time with this idea since there was a small yellow post-it note on the side of the container with a smiley face written on it. She's a riot, huh? I can just see her now.... snickering to herself as she made the smiley face and stuck it right where I would see it.

I reached in and took out the container, walked it over to her sink, reached in to take out the washcloth and wring it out. "Oh, this is not going to be fun." I thought. I looked at the clock – 9:28.

Gathering up all my courage, I reached down and applied the cold, wet washcloth to my crotch. The initial shock was an eye opener, believe me. Braving it further, I wrapped it around my rod and right before my eyes, I went from hard to soft in a matter of a few seconds. No lie - I shit you not. Just for good measure, though, I wrapped the entire washcloth around my nuts and my softening cock, cradling my whole package in the coldness..... and with that, the task was done. I was completely soft. And frightfully cold.

Turning to the clock, I saw it was 9:29. With only one thing on my mind (getting to her bedroom at exactly 9:30), I gathered up the flowers, silver platter with coffee, waiter's towel and took a step out of the kitchen. Passing her kitchen table, I spied the bag of rose petals and hooked them up with my fingers.

I paused to listen at her door, but I didn't hear anything. Since my hands were full, I set the second vase of roses on the carpet outside her door and knocked lightly.

"Who's there?" She asked, in a musical voice, as if she didn't know.

"Delivery man." I replied, chuckling to myself.

"Oh my!" She replied, again in her happy, musical voice. "I'm still in bed, but, I guess I can trust you, so come on in."

I took a deep breath and turned the door knob. I pushed the door open just enough to peek in around the door. Sure enough she was still in bed, but it was obvious to me that she didn't just wake up. Sharron was sitting up, legs crossed, with the sheet pulled over her from the waist down. Her hair was perfectly done and she had red lipstick on. She was fucking beautiful..... I'm talking drop dead gorgeous.

"Oh, don't be bashful," she said, "come on in. I won't bite!"

I reached down and picked up the vase of roses, stepped in the middle of the door way and pushed the door open with my foot. The look on her face was utterly priceless. There I stood - naked, holding the silver platter with her mug of fresh, hot coffee in one hand, and in the other, fresh red aromatic roses and rose petals.

Her eyes traveled back and forth between the roses and my cock. It was like watching the lights at a railroad crossing; her eyes were moving so fast. I took a step into her room and placed the roses on her dressing table and then carefully set the coffee platter down next to them. Turning to smile at her, I opened the plastic bag of rose petals and began to sprinkle them around the room. The strong smell of roses was overpowering, more than I ever expected, so I walked over toward her bed and stood proud and naked in front of her while I sprinkled rose petals on her bed and all around the floor where she would step. I never once made an attempt to hide my nakedness from her. In fact, I faced her the whole time.

When I had emptied the bag of rose petals, I turned away, stepped over to her dressing table and picked up the silver platter. Glancing back at her, I caught her looking at my ass, so I bent over, stuck my butt out and shook it a little. "Gawd, you have such a nice, tight butt." She said. I smiled to myself and clinched by butt cheeks together, knowing she was still watching. She gasped and cheered me on, "Yeah, buns of steel! That's what I'm talking about!"

I figured it was time to present myself properly to her, so I turned to face Sharron and walked back to her bed with her coffee and held the platter out to her. Her eyes again moved to my still soft cock, and as she reached for her coffee mug, she never took her eyes off it.

She held the hot coffee mug in her hands, wrapping them around the mug and holding it in her lap. She spent the next several seconds staring at my cock, and then she lifted the mug to her mouth and took a sip. "Oh," she moaned, "that's perfect!" 


"The coffee?" I inquired.

"Yes," she answered, "that too. But what I was talking about is that." She raised her finger and pointed between my legs.

"Did you have to use the cold washcloth?" She asked, staring at my limp member.

"Uh, yeah," I answered, "it definitely worked."

"I can see that." She agreed and then asked, "Is it still cold?"

"Unfortunately, yes. That washcloth was freezing." I answered.

"Here," she replied, motioning me closer, "let me see."

Without thinking, I edged up as close as I could to the bed and pushed my hips forward. She handed me her coffee mug and as I took it from her, she moved her hands down and hovered them around my organ. The next thing I felt was perhaps the most amazing feeling my poor, cold cock ever felt.

Sharron gently lifted my soft penis and cradled it in the palm of her hand. She smiled widely as she wrapped her fingers around it, feeling me. Her hands were hot from holding the coffee mug, and as her other hand joined and both hands held my flaccid member, I started to get hard. The heat from her hands permeated my softness and she obviously felt it start to stir, because she snapped her head up to look at me with a huge smile on her face saying "Oh, this is so amazing! I can feel you getting hard in my hands!"

It was true, I was slowly getting longer, thicker and harder. She was like a kid in a candy store – her eyes growing big and a smile beaming from her face. I watched Sharron's facial expressions as I became plump and started to get rigid. She was completely transfixed with the change, gently squeezing me so she could feel the change in thickness and sponginess. It didn't take long for me to swell to the point where she could no longer hold me in her hands, so she let go and when she did, I flexed my cock and it sprang up, bouncing into full length as it pointed to the ceiling.

Sharron tentatively reached out again, this time grasping me like a pole and started to move her hand up and down. "I love touching a guy's penis," she said, "especially when he's soft. I like to feel it get hard in my hands, knowing it was me that took him from soft to hard."

This was the side of Sharron I had never seen until the other night. This was my sweet angel being sexy and nasty. I knew she hadn't had that much experience with sex and cocks, but there was something about her words and the way she was taking charge that really put a jolt through me.

I noticed her grip on my cock wasn't gentle anymore. She was squeezing and jacking me now in a definite masturbatory manner. She would stop every now and then and milk my cock to see if there was any precum bubbling up yet. When there wasn't, she went back to squeezing and jacking until she was finally able to squeeze a drop of precum to the tip. At that point, she held me still and touched the drop with the forefinger of her other hand. Lifting slowly, she pulled her finger away causing the thick, tenuous fluid to stretch into a clear strand between my cockhead and her finger.

When the strand finally broke, she rubbed her fingers together with her thumb and looked up at me. "I read somewhere that even women who don't like the taste of cum in their mouth don't mind the precum." She said. "It's much sweeter, you know. There's no sperm in it."

"I know." I moaned softly as she continued to handle my package.

"What do you mean, you know?" She asked. "Which part?"

"That there's no sperm in precum." I answered.

"Uh-huh." She said smiling up at me, "Sure. How about the taste, then? Do you agree it's sweeter?" She asked.

I didn't answer her right away, and when she saw my hesitation she said, "It's okay if you tell me, Brad. I've tasted myself before; I think it's only natural to do that. I don't know why guys have such a hang up about admitting they have tasted themselves, but, we can talk about that later. Right now, I just want to enjoy this." I felt relieved she didn't pursue the point.

She resumed her stroking and by then I was at full mast. My cock was rock hard and I was aching. My balls were full and she must have noticed it because she slipped her free hand under my nuts and held them as she stroked my length. I flexed my cock and held it, making the head expand and turn red. "Oh my gawd!" She exclaimed. "Did you do that?"

I nodded my head up and down. "Do it again," she asked, "the same thing... can you do it again?"

I flexed my cock again and held it as long as I could. She watched as my cock head again expanded and grew red. Her eyes lit up and she tilted my cock down to see the head better. I could only hold the flex for a few seconds and when I relaxed, my cock head went back to normal size. I could see her smile. "Wow," she said, "that's so hot! What else can you do with it?"

I laughed and said "Let go for a second and I'll show you."

Sharron let go of my cock and pulled her hands back. Then, as she watched, I began to flex and release, causing it to bob up and down like it was waving at her. This made her smile and laugh. I laughed, too.

Reaching her hands back to my cock, she resumed her jacking. Except, this time, she was doing it with dedication, stroking me all the way up and all the way back down. I was leaking some precum now, and a few drops got on her fist as she masturbated me. On the upstroke of her hand, she stopped and smeared it around my cockhead and then stroked me more.

"You must be ready for some relief by now, right?" She asked.

"That's an understatement," I replied, "I'm way overdue."

"Well," she said, "do you want to put on a little show for me to take the edge off a little bit? I would seriously love to watch you do it all the way."

"You're probably going to be seeing me do it a lot this weekend, you know." I answered.

"Well, I sure as hell hope so!" She replied. "And don't act like you're not enjoying this, Brad. I know damn well you're enjoying this as much as I am."

"Oh, I'm not complaining, Sharron." I said. "It is kind of a turn on doing this since I know it turns you on, too."

"Okay, then," she said, "since we both want the same thing, quit stalling and do it! I want to see you cum."

"So, you want me to just stand right here and masturbate for you?" I asked.

"You betcha," she answered, "I've been waiting for this."

"Okay," I replied, "but, what do you want me to do when I cum? Where do you want me to.... you know...... cum is going to shoot out, Sharron."

"Just let it go," she said patting her lap and the sheet covering her, "all this can be washed, so just fire away and we'll wash the sheets later. How about that?"

That's all I needed to hear. I swear, my legs were right against her bed, and she was less than an arm's reach away. I knew I might spray my cum all over her, so I mentioned it saying "You're awful close, Sharron. You might get hit."

"Bradley, quit stalling!" She said with a stern voice.

I hunched my shoulders, said "Okay, but I warned you" and reached down to grab my throbbing tool. As I started to jack myself, she interrupted me. "Oh, hey wait....." She said.

Feeling for something under her pillow, she pulled her hand out holding a pair of white silky panties. "These are the ones I had on last night when we were talking on the phone." She said. Holding them out to me she added "I saved them for you. Aren't I nice?"

I reached out and took the flimsy panties from her hand and looked at her. "Go ahead," she said blushing, "I want to see what you do with them."

"So," I answered back, "did you put any on after you took those off?"

"Nope." She said smiling. "I've only got this little sleep shirt on and that's it." Of course, I could only see her from the waist up because the sheet was covering the rest of her, but looking closely, I could barely make out her nipples brushing against her shirt. Knowing that she was sitting under the sheet just a few feet away from me with no panties on gave me a huge thrill. I had a momentary vision of what she would look like if the sheet was pulled away or if she happened to let it slide off her lap.

"Come on," she urged, "get busy. You're not the only one that needs to get a little relief, you know."

Now it was my turn to say "Oh My Gawd"! Did I hear her right? Did that mean she was going to masturbate along with me? I could only hope that was the case and I started to silently pray that it was so. Just the thought that I might get to see her dainty fingers dancing around between her legs caused my cock to jump. I threw caution to the wind and held her panties up to my nose. At the same time, my hand found my cock and I began to put on the show I knew she desperately wanted to see.

Last night, I spent some time wondering how it was going to be the first time I did this in front of her. Was I an exhibitionist? Was she a voyeur? We're both adults.... is it too far fetched to imagine two adults might participate in a mutual activity that brought them both pleasure? She made it clear we weren't going to have sex, but, this was awful close, wasn't it? She obviously wanted this, and I did, too. And while I might have been embarrassed doing it in front of any one else, with Sharron I felt totally comfortable. I didn't think twice about holding her panties up to my nose and breathing her scent in deeply. I even emphasized my pleasure by doubling the speed of my hand as it massaged my erection.

Glancing at her, I could see that she was totally engrossed in watching me. There was no shock or surprise on her face at all. She was studying me intensely, watching my hand as it massaged my cock and then watching what I was doing with her panties.

Almost as if she didn't mind me seeing, her right hand slowly snuck under the sheet and came to rest between her legs. She took a deep breath, closed her eyes and let her head float back. I was able to see very slight movements in her lap, and I knew with complete certainty that she was, in fact, masturbating with me.

"What is it about the panties that turn you on so much?" She asked.

Without stopping my hand, I answered her immediately. I didn't have to think about it – maybe I should have tried to figure out what she wanted to hear – but I saw no need to try to be diplomatic. "They smell like you," I answered, "I guess it's the next best thing to having your pussy."

"Aren't you afraid there might be, you know, other smells in those panties you might not like that much?" She asked.

"These are fine." I said. "And please don't misunderstand me," I added, "It's not like I would be interested in just anyone's panties, Sharron." I looked at her and added, "Don't forget, I was in love with you for years. Having something as intimate as your panties with your pussy scent on them is just about the most awe-inspiring thing I could ask for."

She blushed and then smiled at me, so I continued, saying, "Don't tell me you've never heard stories about guys who hung their girlfriend's bra or panties over their rearview mirror, or heard about guys wanting to keep their girlfriend's panties after a date. It's like a prized trophy, Sharron. Hell, you need a lesson on men!"

"You still have my other ones I gave you?" She asked.

"Absolutely." I answered. Without any change of expression she said "Good. You can have those too, but," she added, "they go in the chest with your other things as soon as we're done here and you can have them all for yourself when the weekend is over."

I nodded and then I did something that I think surprised her. I wrapped her white silky panties loosely around my cock and began stroking myself. "First, you played with yourself in them," I said, "now I'm going to do it, too."

"Oh, gawd!" She moaned. The pace of her hand under the sheet quickened and I saw her move her knees to make more room for her invading fingers.

"You came while you were wearing these panties, didn't you?" I asked.

She didn't reply and she didn't look away from my hand as it flew up and down my cock. She only nodded her head up and down as her answer. "Then it's only fitting that I do the same," I said, "and I'm going to unload my balls right at you while I rub myself with your panties."

"I'd like to see that." she moaned. Her hands were moving in wider and wider excursions now, causing the sheet to slip down to the point where I could see just a hint of bare skin at her waist. Another few inches and I would be looking at the promise land....

I was getting close, there was no denying that. That familiar feeling of the impending eruption was already starting. The silkiness of her panties against my hard cock was creating ample enjoyment, and add to that the vision of her hand doing herself and the sheet slowly creeping down...... I knew I wasn't going to last much longer.

"I can't hold off much longer." I panted.

"Brad, don't hold it back!" She pleaded. "Just do it. Come on! I'm ready, too."

Hearing her instructions, the point of no return came right away and I felt the process start deep inside my cock. The first clinch told me I was only a few seconds away. I steadied my footing and bent my knees a little; ready for the initial contraction that I knew would send a rope of warm cum shooting out towards her. My hand was flying faster and faster now, aided by her silky panties sliding frictionless on my rod.

Her hand was moving faster, too, and the sheet was still slipping lower and lower. I could see the top of her hand now, with the bare skin of her belly and waist on either side as her fingers worked her pussy. Each movement of her hand seemed to cause the sheet to slip more and more. If I could only hold off a few more seconds......

At the instant that I knew my climax was starting, I reached out and steadied myself on the headboard of her bed. Sharron's eyes got wide and she said "Come on, Brad, just let it go. Let it go!"

And with that, my cock convulsed and shot out a small but thick stream of cum, landing on the sheet covering her lap. Then another spurt, this one much stronger and longer, hit her square in the chest just above her right breast.

"Oh my gawd! I'm cumming, too!" She yelled. "Closer, get closer..." She panted.

I leaned in as far as I could and then it was like a faucet opened inside of me and I gushed warm cum all over her shirt, arm, hands and lap. My orgasm was so strong that I almost lost my footing and fell straight over into her.

I was trying to catch my breath as the last few spurts were leaving my cock. Turning my head to judge her reaction, I could see that she was in the middle of her own climax, sitting there with her mouth open, faced flushed deep red and her body frozen almost solid. I couldn't tell if she was trying to scream out, or trying not to scream out.

I held my rod out as close as I could to her and milked the last few drips of cum into her lap. Then, without thinking, I vigorously shook it hoping the last drops of cum would fly off uncontrollably and scatter all around her. I couldn't have calculated any worse, because those drips fell squarely on the back of her hand as it sat frozen in her lap, covering her almost visable pussy.

We both looked at each other as we caught our breath. My eyes traveled down to her lap and I waited for her to remove her hand and give me a peek of her womanhood. Her eyes were firmly attached to my now softening cock as I unwrapped her panties from it and let it hang between my legs.

Without a word being said, she used her left hand to modestly pull the sheet up and then removed her right hand from between her legs. Looking at her hand, it was clear that several drops of my cum had made direct hits there, and as she tilted her hand this way and that, I could see numerous wet spots on her arm and her hand.

She smiled and held her hand out for me to see, saying, "Good shooting, Tex, but you got me all messy."

Thinking quickly, I reached out and gently held her wrist. Then slowly, I knelt down by the side of her bed and pulled her hand to my lips. She didn't pull back and never said a thing, so when her hand was close enough, I opened my mouth and sucked each finger clean of her pussy juice as I stared up into her disbelieving face. I spent extra time on each finger, ensuring I licked off every possible trace of her femininity, and when I was done, I simply smiled, said "Thank You" and lay her hand down on the sheet.

Savoring her taste, I stood up - proud to show off my spent, but soft cock - and put my hands on my hips as if to say "Mission Accomplished". She smiled as she reached out to give my winkie a gentle squeeze and then looked down at the numerous pools of cum all over her shirt and sheets.

"As part of your chores today," she said, "you'll be doing laundry, so don't worry about all this mess right now."

Before I could say anything, she pointed her finger at me and said, "Now, though.... I think I would like some breakfast. So while I take my shower, I want you to go and make me the best breakfast you've ever made. Then, you're going to start on the laundry, help me clean the kitchen and the bathroom and then we'll dust everywhere."

She must have seen my jaw drop. I didn't expect to spend the weekend being her maid.

"And the best part is, you're going to stay naked while we do it. All that bending and reaching..... I'm going to love seeing you like that!" She added. "And if you're really good, I'll let you do yourself for me each time we finish something."

"Now," she instructed, "you run along and close the door behind you so I can get up and get in the shower." As I started to leave, she said, "And Brad, remember to keep your hands off Mr. Winkie. Until the weekend is over, he's mine, not yours."

I smiled and thought to myself "This is one weekend that was going to be truly memorable."

Turning to leave, I walked out into the hall and started to pull Sharron's door closed behind me. As I did, I peeked inside for one last hope of seeing her charms as she climbed out from under the sheets, but, what I saw surprised me even more.

There sitting on the bed, Sharron was raising her hand to her mouth and was just about to taste the drops of cum that I deposited there. "Yes," I thought, "this was going to be a very memorable weekend."

The End

My Introduction To CFNM Ch. 05
byPro_Ball_Player©

Authors Notes: I know I said chapter 4 would be the last chapter in this story, but, I've received a ton of emails asking me to write more. There will be one more chapter after this one -- to close out this story for good. So here it is -- the beginning of the end. I know it's horribly long, please forgive me for that, but there was a lot to tell before the big ending comes. Also, I owe a debt of gratitude to a special someone that was my inspiration for this story. Words can not express my feelings, adoration and heartfelt thanks.

+++++++++++

Over the next nine months, Sharron and I explored the boundaries of our friendship and our new Clothed Female -- Nude Male relationship together. Honestly, I have to say it was nothing short of incredible and breathtaking. Sharron was a perfect and considerate host during my naked visits to her condo - she went to great lengths to make me feel at home - and each time, I enjoyed it more and more.

I ended up spending one CFNM weekend a month with Sharron. Each weekend, we would start out the same way; she would meet me at the door, let me in and then let me give her a nice long hug. I would gently pull her into me, anticipating the feel of her breasts against my chest as we hugged. She would allow me to hold her for as long as I wanted, taking in the fragrance of her hair or her perfume as we hugged. My hands would travel across her back, always hoping to discover that she wasn't wearing a bra, but I was never that lucky. Sometimes, I would maneuver my hands to her side and try to inch them under her arms to sneak a feel of the sides of her breasts. She would usually allow my hands to get close enough to barely brush her boobs before she pulled away and smiled knowingly at me.

Then, she would walk directly to her couch, make herself comfortable and have me stand in front of her. There, neither of us said a word as I proceeded to strip naked while she watched. Most times, I would have an erection before I had my shirt off, but if I wasn't hard by the time I was naked, she took great joy in taking my softness in her hands and massaging me until I was hard as stone. I just loved watching the expression on her face as she transformed my penis into a pulsating, throbbing erection - she seemed to enjoy doing it as much I enjoyed her doing it.

When I was naked and hard, she would carefully fold my clothes, hand them to me, and ask me to put my clothes 'away'. Then, as was our custom, I would walk to the wooden chest she bought just for this purpose, open the top and place my clothes inside. Each week, I ceremoniously locked the chest with the open padlock she hung from the latch, effectively putting my nakedness at her mercy until she unlocked the padlock before I went home at the end of the weekend. We both knew the padlock wasn't really necessary, but, it was a symbolic act on my part to tell her I was ready and willing to be her naked man - at her beck and call -- to do what ever she wanted for the whole weekend.

Once my clothes were locked away, she would sometimes have me stand in front of her and turn around. Reaching around my body, she would grasp my cock in her hands and press her chest against my back while she stroked me. Ever so lightly, she rubbed her breasts against me from side to side while she moved her hands up and down my cock and I would melt into the feeling -- closing my eyes and swooning at her closeness. In my mind, I always begged that she wouldn't stop, but she got so good at sensing my arousal, she would stop and let go of my penis when she knew I was approaching orgasm. Sharron knew just the right thing to say, or do, to bring me to the edge of an explosion and then she would stop. She became a master at making my nakedness feel so normal and good to me, telling me how much she liked my cock and how beautiful it was. Every CFNM weekend was a boost to my ego and I never once regretted my decision to completely bare myself to her.

At the end of the very first weekend, we decided the time had gone too quickly. So after that, I began to arrive at her condo on Friday evening and left to go home either late Sunday night, or early Monday morning. The rules were few and simple: I was to remain naked at all times unless she requested I wear something. In that event, she would go to the wooden chest and retrieve what she wanted me to wear, or she would simply hand me something and tell me to put it on. By my second visit, she'd purchased a few embarrassing things she wanted me to wear for her, including a collection of men's thongs, mesh t-shirts and some amazing silk briefs with a sleeve hanging out the front to hold my cock. Oh, man, when I wore those briefs for her, my cock would stick out lewdly making me feel more on display than when I was naked. Jokingly, she named them my "Elephant Undies" because my silk-wrapped erection would stick out in front of me when I wore them.

We agreed that I wouldn't try to hide myself in any way, either soft, hard, front or back, which also meant I had to resign myself to constantly be on display to her. Along with that, she could touch me anywhere, at any time and without asking. Sharron realized pretty quickly that she needed to have tissues handy at all times since her touching almost always produced a few drops of precum at the tip of my member. I laughed at the way she would cradle my hardness in one hand as she wiped the tip of my penis with the tissue.

There were restrictions for me, however, in that I could only touch my genitals if she was watching. She was understanding and gracious about letting me masturbate, though, especially during those times when I would get constant erections throughout the day or night. Many times, she would offer to finish me off by hand and a few times she actually took me in her mouth and let me cum down her throat.

And, Sharron would tease me incessantly. Some of it was blatant and obvious, and some of it was subtle. Sometimes she would wear a certain perfume she knew would make my cock as hard as steel. Sometimes she would dress in demure ways but wear her hair in a way I told her looked sexy, and sometimes she would wear just a t-shirt and her panties. Sometimes she was lady-like and modest, and sometimes it was evident she was intentionally trying to dress seductively. But, I was never chastised for looking at her. I think she was excited to see the way she affected me. But, a lot changed after one of our long talks one Friday night -- perhaps I said too much because she learned many things about me she didn't know before.

Let me explain. You see, typically Friday nights were relaxing evenings for us. We would usually watch a movie or just sit and talk on her couch while we shared a bottle of wine. More often than not, her hand would eventually find its way into my lap and she would casually fondle my cock or my balls, or I might masturbate myself lazily while we talked and she watched. It was during one of those Friday nights that Sharron decided she wanted to play a game.

"Let's each write down twenty questions to ask each other," Sharron explained, "then I'll pick a number and you can ask me the question that goes with that number." She went on to tell me we would take turns picking a number and answering a question. We had to answer the question fully and truthfully - asking a few questions now and saving the rest for another time.

Soon, we both had written down our questions and she volunteered to pick a number and answer a question first. "Okay," I said, "pick a number."

"Thirteen!" She exclaimed. "That's my lucky number. Ask away."

I looked down my page and read to myself the question I wrote for number thirteen. After reading it, I grimaced and looked up at her. "You sure?" I asked. "That one is kind of a personal question." I warned.

"I don't care." She replied. "Wait 'till you hear some of mine!" She said, giggling.

"Well, okay, if you insist," I began, "but, remember you have to answer fully and truthfully."

"I will," she answered, "read me the question."

I took a deep breath and asked "Do you ever think about having sex with me?"

She let go of my cock and pulled her hand into her own lap and stared at me. I knew I had caught her off guard and immediately wished I would have switched the questions and asked something else, but, after a second she said "Can I get a clarification?"

I told her she could and then she asked "Do you mean just having sex -- as in just 'fucking', or do you mean 'making love'?"

"Both." I answered.

"Alright," she said, "honestly, the answer to both is 'Yes'". She went on to explain that the idea of making love with me left her with too much fear that she would fall in love with me, and she knew that would most certainly end up going bad and then we wouldn't be friends any more. "On the other hand," she added, "I totally love that beautiful cock of yours. I can't even begin to tell you how much it turns me on to see it and touch it. And if I thought we could have sex without YOU falling in love with me again, I would be constantly having sex with you. But to answer your question..... yes, after that one time we did it, I would love to fuck you again..... I've thought about it a lot. More than a lot, actually."

I started to ask her to explain that last statement, but she stopped me saying I could only ask one question at a time, and it was now my turn to pick a number and answer one of her questions. Well, fair is fair I guess. "Alright," I replied, "give me number five."

Now, I figured she had some personal questions on her list, and I knew I was eventually going to have to answer one, but I didn't think she was going to clobber me with a huge personal question right off the bat. I couldn't have been more wrong.

"You told me once that you think about me when you masturbate," she began, half giggling, "I want you to tell me exactly what you think about."

Looking back, I realize now that she listened to my answer very closely and used every bit of it against me during our subsequent CFNM weekends. Well, maybe not 'against me' per say, but when I answered her question, she learned what it was that turned me on and she exploited that information to the hilt. She didn't miss any details, either - it's like she committed what I said to memory and then found ways to put it all into action in the way she teased and excited me when I was over there.

I have to admit that telling her what I thought about when I jacked-off could have been a disastrous experience. But, it wasn't. Quite the contrary, in fact. I told her all of the seriously wicked and kinky things that went through my head when I thought about her as I stroked my cock - and she didn't act shocked or surprised at all. She mostly sat there and listened to me, taking it all in. And once I got over my initial hesitation, I couldn't stop myself. I actually enjoyed telling her everything and I felt very secure in the knowledge she wasn't going to hold any of it against me. And yes, I told her absolutely everything -- and in explicit detail, too.

It was incredibly exciting to sit naked next to her and describe in detail how I dreamed about her hanging her breasts over my face so I could suckle them while I beat my meat. I told her I dreamed about her sitting on my face and wiggling her little pussy down on my mouth. She didn't flinch when I told her I fantasized about having her in a doggie position on her bed while I licked and sucked her from behind for hours on end. When I emphasized the fact that I wanted to lick and suck her 'everywhere', her eyebrows perked up and she smiled, but she didn't show any shock.

The only real reactions I got was when I told her I visualized her laying naked on her bed with her knees pulled way up and her fingers playing with her pussy while I watched. She laughed at me when I told her that, saying, "Don't hold your breath on that one." But when I told her I'd contemplated how much fun it would be to shave her pussy bald, she giggled and warned me that she might shave me 'down there'!

So, as I sat there, I literally confessed all my carnal desires to her while my cock strained, dripped and throbbed during the whole conversation. Little did I know that Sharron would use all the information I was telling her each week to keep me titillated, excited, aroused and erect.

But, our game of Twenty Questions worked both ways, too. I learned that she had a deep interest and fascination with my cock. Not only because it was bigger than others she'd seen and held, but because she could see it and feel it without any strings attached. I also learned that she was self-conscious about her body. She couldn't, and wouldn't admit she was cute, or sexy. She felt her boobs weren't pretty and she thought her butt wasn't perfect. I tried in vain to tell her she was stone-cold-beautiful, but, there was no convincing her. For nine out of ten men, she was a wet dream come true -- a walking fantasy -- a truly pretty and sexy woman.

Through the game, we embarrassingly learned that both of us had some degree of bi-curiosity. We also learned that we shared a fascination about being tied up and giving or receiving a spanking. We both admitted an interest and fear of anal play. I got her to tell me her favorite sexual activity and I told her mine. We both liked the idea of experimenting with two sex partners at once, but neither of us had ever done it. All in all, we shared our sexual thoughts, desires and fantasies with each other, content to know our secrets were safe with the other. Short of the one time where we actually had sex with each other, it was the hottest two hours we ever shared together.

On Saturdays, Sharron would always plan a weekend project for us to do together. More often than not, it was cleaning her condo. We would go from room to room where we dusted, cleaned and vacuumed. One time, we painted her bedroom and another time we wallpapered her hallway. While we worked on those projects, we listed to music CDs or talked about stuff that was going on in our lives. But throughout the day, she always took frequent liberties to feel me up or stroke me. Many times, she was content to sit and watch me work naked. We had long, deep conversations about the most nebulous topics one can imagine interspersed with an occasional hand job from her, or me outright masturbating myself in front of her.

I was never allowed to touch her unless she asked me to, and that didn't happen for a long, long time. Actually, it wasn't until the Saturday evening of my fifth CFNM weekend. Sharron told me she wanted to take a shower so she could wash her hair. Before I could catch myself, I asked her if I could wash it for her.

She chuckled. "Yeah, right," she said, "you just want to see me naked."

"No, my dear," I corrected her, "I was only trying to pamper you a little. You could relax and I'll take care of everything. I'll wash your hair, massage your scalp and put conditioner in. I promise I won't touch you anywhere you don't want me to touch; you have my word on that. And besides, by now don't you think I've earned the privilege of seeing you naked?"

Sharron crooked her head and gave me a slight smile. "You know," she replied, "you're right. You've been such a good boy, Brad, and I know I can trust you. So, yeah..... this might even be fun. I could do with a little pampering tonight."

I think she knew how much this gesture meant to me, because she took me by the hand and led me to her hall closet where she asked me to get three clean towels down. As I reached up to the shelf to grab them, her hand found its way to my erection and she pumped me for a few seconds until I had the towels pulled down and cradled against my chest. Then, closing the closet door, she held onto my cock and pulled me along beside her as we made our way into her hall bathroom.

"You know," she said, "I was going to shave my legs tonight. If you really want to pamper me, maybe I should let you do that, too. What do you think, Brad? Do you want the job of being my personal bath assistant?"

"Holy Fuck!" I thought. My brain exploded with a million visions of bathing her and I felt another hundred pounds of pressure build up inside my throbbing penis. Never in a thousand years did I expect her to ask me that question. I didn't even expect her to let me wash her hair - and now here she was asking if I would be her bath assistant. Perhaps my good conduct in the proceeding months was about to pay off big time!

"Are you serious?" I asked.

"Of course." She answered. "I think as part of your CFNM duties, you should be required to perform any personal service I might want. Just remember to keep yourself in line and don't do anything to make me regret letting you do this. Okay?"

"No problem." I replied.

So, I spent the next hour and a half in the bathroom with her - living the most incredible experience one can imagine. First, Sharron let me undress her. My hands were actually shaking as I removed each piece of clothing from her angelic body. When I removed her bra and her bare boobs were right in front of me, I reached down and subconsciously started to stroke myself. She halted me immediately by reaching out and stopping my hand, telling me I shouldn't touch myself when I was bathing her. As I took my hand off my pole, Sharron giggled and whispered "Of course, that doesn't mean I can't touch it." She gave me a few strokes and then told me to get on with it.

And get on with it I did! I kneeled down in front of her to pull her shorts down and she stepped out of them. As she stood there in her panties, I put my hands on her hips and leaned forward to plant light kisses her all around her belly button. She was fine with that, but when my kisses started going lower and reached the top of her panties, she put her hands on my head and stopped me.

"Hold on there, tiger." She warned. "You're supposed to be getting me undressed for a bath and pampering me, remember?"

I looked up at her -- and in my sweetest voice begged, "Please, Sharron. Just for a minute? You know damn well what this is doing to me. Please?"

"Okay, Brad," she answered, "no tugging on Mr. Winkie, though. I was thinking I might want to take a ride on him tonight, and if I do, I want him exploding inside of me, not inside of your hand!"

With that, Sharron spread her legs and allowed me to press my face into her panty encased pussy. At first, I nuzzled my nose between her legs and took in her scent. She was obviously excited, and as my tongue began to run up and down the silky material covering her vagina, I moved my hands behind her, clutched the cheeks of her bottom and pulled myself into her as deeply as she would allow.

She let me kiss, lick and sniff her on the outside of her panties for a minute and then said, "I think that's about enough, Brad." But, just as she said it, my tongue found her clit through her panties and I sucked on it. Then, instead of making me stop, she surprisingly pulled my head tighter into her crotch. Seeing an opportunity take this further, I slipped one of my hands between her legs, moved the crotch of her panties aside and then immediately slipped my tongue between her pussy lips. "Oh," she moaned, "that feels really good."

My hands went to her hips and I pulled her panties all the way down to give me more room to lick her. Stepping out of her panties, she reached down to her pussy and held her lips apart to give my tongue better access to the treasure between her legs.

"Now, I'm really going to pamper you." I said looking up at her. "I've dreamed about licking your pussy and making you cum. Just relax and let me pleasure you."

I began to make long, slow strokes with my tongue up and down her girl spot as she held it open for me. Her clit was poking out of its hood as she stretched her lips apart, so when I licked up to the top of her slit, I sucked Sharron's clit into my mouth and diddled it with my tongue. After another minute, I moved one of my hands between her legs again and slipped one finger slowly up into her pussy and wiggled it around.

"Oh, yes! Right there!" She groaned when my finger found her g-spot and began to massage it. "That feels really good.... right there!"

I tried to go slow and drag it out as long as possible. Hell, could you blame me? I didn't know if I would ever get another chance to munch away at her pretty pussy. But, either Sharron had a hair trigger, or I licked and sucked her exactly the way she liked it because in only a couple of minutes, she was ready to cum. "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum!" She moaned. And all of a sudden, like someone lit off a stick of dynamite, she yelled "Aaaaaahhhhhhh!"

I took my finger out of her pussy and held her by the hips until she settled down and caught her breath. While she regained her composure, I stared into her pussy -- memorizing the way it looked so I could recall it the next time I masturbated. All the while, I hoped this wouldn't be the last time I got to see her this intimately.

My dick was throbbing to the point where it was hurting. I needed some relief -- I needed to cum. But, remembering her words from earlier, I fought off the urge to touch myself and stood up to hold her. When I did, I bent my cock down and maneuvered it between her legs so it rubbed up lengthwise between her pussy lips. "Oh, Gawd!" she moaned. "Brad, oh Gawd!"

I rubbed her pussy with my cock while I held her, feeling her now hardened nipples poking into my chest. Holding her tightly while I sawed my cock back and forth between her legs, she began to gasp and finally said "You don't know how bad I want to feel you inside me right now."

Taking a risk, I reached down and hooked my hands under her butt and literally picked her up and pulled her legs around me until she hooked them together behind my back. Then, moving my hands back under her behind, I lifted her up until her vagina was hovering above my cock - and I held her there. "You want to feel it in you?" I inquired.

Starring at each other, it was as if time stopped while I waited for her answer. Finally, I didn't wait any longer, and I lowered her slowly until I felt my cock nudge against her vulva and then I stopped again. "Yes or no?" I asked.

The look in her eyes was priceless. Here I was holding her -- supporting her weight -- with her pussy just a fraction of an inch from sliding down on top of my hardness. Then, her expression changed and she tightened her arms around my neck, buried her face into my neck and answered "Yes."

I adjusted my hands under her butt feeling for the sides of her pussy, and when I found her lips, I pulled them apart, and shifted around until I knew my cock was at the entrance of her vagina. Then slowly, I lowered her down onto my cock. As I did, Sharron moaned into my neck as all eight inches of my throbbing member began to slide into her. When it was finally all the way in, I lifted her up an inch or two and then gently thrust up into her.

"Oh, yes," she gasped, "I can feel you all the way inside me.... filling me. Fuck me now, Brad. Come on, baby, give it to me."

I knew I couldn't comfortably hold her weight much longer so I stepped toward the tub and told her to reach up and take hold of the shower bar. Once she did, it was much easier to hold her weight in my arms and I began to slide my cock in and out of her pussy. It was an amazing sight, watching her breasts jiggling in time with my pistoning cock. Her pussy lips were stretched open, grasping my cock tightly as I slid all the way into her womanhood.

"Crack!" We heard. It was the sound of the shower bar, under the stress of her weight, about to come loose from the wall.

I shifted under her to get a better grip under her bottom, prepared to take her weight again in my hands -- and told her to let go of the shower bar. When she did, I turned and carried her -- still impaled on my cock, to her bedroom where I carefully bent down and laid her on her bed. I was going to pull out, figuring I'd lost my chance, but, she hooked her ankles together tightly behind my back and looked up at me saying, "Don't stop now, Brad. I want to feel you all the way in me. Do it, baby," she urged, "come on.... fuck me."

I leaned into her and pushed my cock in. As I did, she lifted her knees to her chest and opened her legs wide. Looking down, I saw the pinkness of her pussy stretched open as I fucked her. Her eyes were closed and her head was rolling side to side in time with my thrusts. I reached out to grab her ankles, holding them up and out while I fucked her pussy. Gawd, it was good. She was a goddess, and she was lying on her back with her legs open letting me lay the meat to her.

"Sharron, touch yourself, would you?" I asked. "Can you play with your pussy while I fuck you?"

She looked up at me and smiled a little grin as her hands moved down between her legs. As they got closer to her pussy, she stopped. "Sharron," I said, "you've been watching me do it for weeks. Come on," I begged, "let me watch you play with yourself."

Her hands continued down to her pussy and she started to touch her clit with her finger. My pace increased and I started thrusting into her as deeply as I could. "Oh, yeah," I moaned, "that's nice. I love watching you do that."

With one hand, she held herself open so I could see her perfectly while her other hand played with her clit. I was starting to get so close to cuming now - the vision of her masturbating and holding her pussy open for me to see was just too much. I could feel it starting to build down deep in my loins - I knew I was going to blow before long and I told her. "I'm gonna cum soon. Do you want me to pull out?

"No way, baby! Fuck me." Sharron moaned. "Cum in me. I want to feel you cum inside me."

I was in a state of euphoria, looking down at the woman of my fantasies. She was begging me to fuck her and asking me to cum inside her. Her pussy was splayed open and between what I saw going on between her legs and her tits jiggling in time with my thrusts, I completely lost it.

"I'm cuming," I groaned, "I'm cuming."

"Come on baby, shoot your cum in me!" She cried.

I tried to squeeze my orgasm back as long as I could, but, it didn't work. The first jolt hit me hard, causing me to shudder and recoil as my cock erupted inside her. As my hot cum splashed inside her womb, she moaned and started to thrash under me. "Gawd! I can feel it. Come on, fuck me. Harder! Harder!"

My orgasm seemed to last forever, and during it, I slammed into her time after time like a wild man, bucking into her until I was totally spent and out of breath.

I finally let go of her ankles and fell down over her, barely able to hold myself up. She reached up and pulled me down to her with my cock still lodged inside her pussy, and she kissed me. I mean she seriously kissed me.... like a lover's kiss.

"That was unbelievable!" She said excitedly as she broke the kiss. "Did you get off on that?" She asked. "Did you get off on seeing me touch my pussy for you? Just like in your jack off fantasy?"

"You looked so beautiful doing that!" I answered. "Thank you, Sharron. I mean it, really.... Thank you."

"Okay, now you can do something for me." Sharron replied, pushing me off her and rolling out from under me. "Lie down, Brad. I want you to make me cum again."

My cock wasn't completely soft yet, but, it wasn't hard enough for her to ride me so I was a little confused. I was about to ask her to let me rest for a while so I could get it up again, but, before I knew it, she was moving over me, turning around and the next thing I knew, she was straddling me in a sixty-nine position about to sit her just fucked pussy right down on my face.

"Didn't you say you fantasized about me sitting on your face?" She asked, as she stopped with her pussy just an inch or so above my mouth. "Yes or no, Brad."

There was no reason for me to answer. I simply reached up and pulled her hips down and began licking. I didn't care, and it didn't matter that her pussy was filled with my cum. Right now, all I wanted was Sharron's pussy on my face.

I started by kissing her wet lips, but soon I couldn't hold myself back and thrust my tongue into her and began to suck and lick her with passion. Sharron was trying to stay motionless on top of me, but, as I sucked her pussy she started to squirm and it was hard to keep my mouth on her. A moment later, I felt her grasp my cock in her hand and then felt the warmth of her mouth close around it.

It was funny, but the one thing that stood out in my mind was that she was sucking my cock.... the cock that had just been deep inside her and it was certainly covered with her own pussy juice. Yet, Sharron didn't seem to be holding back. In fact, from what I could tell, she was taking me deeply into her mouth, undoubtedly tasting the mixture of my cum and her juices.

Needless to say, I was impressed, and not wanting her to think I was one of those guys that had some kind of phobia about going down on their partner after intercourse, I focused my attention on her vagina and happily licked and sucked her thoroughly, dedicating myself to making her cum again.

I knew I had deposited a huge load of sperm up into her, but I couldn't discern anything unusual as I licked and sucked her pussy. Maybe it was because my only goal was to make her cum, or maybe it was because I didn't have any guilt or shame about what I was doing.

So, I went to work licking her everywhere I could, nibbling her clit and thrusting my tongue up into her pussy. She stopped sucking my cock and just held it tightly while I made love to her vagina with my tongue. I heard her moan a lot and she said something to me, but I couldn't understand what she was saying so I just kept eating her. Along the way, she started huffing and puffing and I felt her legs shake, so I backed off her clit a little. When she started to relax, I sucked her clit into my mouth and she started to moan again. I did this three or four times, bringing her close and then backing off -- giving her a taste of her own medicine.... teaching her a lesson for teasing me so much.

Finally, no matter what I did, she seemed to be getting closer and closer to orgasm. I figured I might as well finish her off -- so, covering her clit and pussy with my mouth, I concentrated on driving as much feeling into her pussy as I could by working on her clit and flicking it back and forth with my tongue. In an instant, she started to buck wildly on top of my face, almost out of control. At first, I wasn't sure if she was cuming or still getting close, but, when I felt the flood of her sweet pussy juice flooding over me, I knew she was in the middle of a strong orgasm.

In a million years, I could never explain to you how satisfying it was to see her lose control and cum that hard. There was no pretense to it. There was no modesty. This was pure sexual gratification that overtook her in such a volume that she had no choice other than to give in and let it consume her.

Finally, she slumped over, completely exhausted -- gasping to catch her breath. Perhaps it was cruel, but I smiled to myself in the knowledge that I could make her cum this hard. It was true poetic justice..... I had known for years that I could make her feel things she never felt before, and I was right. And now, she knew it, too.

She rested for a good five minutes slumped over me. As she lay there, her hips elevated a little so I got to enjoy the close up view of her drenched and satisfied pussy as it hovered a few inches above my face. The light was perfect and I studied the way the different shades of pink blended together inside her inner lips and down through the throat of her vagina. Her clit was very dainty, but with her lips pulled apart like they were, it proudly poked out and while I wanted to reach out and suck on it again, I didn't because I knew she would be ultra sensitive there after such a moving cum. Not surprisingly at all, there were no visible traces of the huge blast of sperm I deposited inside her. Hmm, imagine that.

Sharron finally lifted up and rolled off me. Her hair was a mess and her face was red and flushed. Her chest was covered with a sexual blush that couldn't be missed. "Whew." She said as she brushed the hair out of her face.

I waited for her to say something resembling "Thank You", but, she only sat there glossy eyed looking at me. She reached over and put her hands on my cock, which was hard again from gazing up into her pussy so close to my face. Slowly, she bent down and kissed its head then licked a small drop of cum from the tip.

"I'm ready for my bath now." She said quite plainly, and then she rose up off the bed and walked out of the room.

I laid there in complete shock as I watched her leave. In the few seconds that I remained behind, I wondered if I had done something wrong or if it wasn't as good for her as I thought. "Fuck!" I cursed to myself.

When I walked into the bathroom, Sharron was bending over into the tub about to turn on the water. "Hey," I spoke up, "let me do that."

When she straightened up, I squeezed past her and I could just barely make out that her eyes were pink and her cheeks were wet. Was she crying? She turned away from me and busied herself at the bathroom sink while I adjusted the running water and tested it several times with my hand. I didn't know what else to do, so I just gave her some time while I watched the tub fill up. When the tub was about half full, I turned around and she was standing there, in all her naked beauty, watching me. My eyes glanced down to her still wet pussy and I could see her distended clit poking out between her lips at the top of her slit. Even standing still, she was an amazingly beautiful woman and unbelievably sexy.

She didn't say a word as she stepped past me and got into the tub, arranging herself so I could wash her hair from where I was outside the bath tub. Silently, I went through the process of rinsing her hair first, then lathering and massaging, rinsing and lathering again. All the while, her eyes were closed and she didn't make a sound. I had ample time to stare down at her breasts and her nipples, but, I got the feeling from her silence that something was horribly wrong.

I applied conditioner in her hair and let it sit for a few minutes. While we waited, I looked around in her bathroom and found her shaver so I could shave her legs. There was a can of shaving cream on the ledge inside the tub, but having seen a bottle of Intensive Care Lotion on her vanity, I elected to reach for that, instead.

I used the Intensive Care Lotion to shave her legs. When I started, she looked at me like I didn't know what I was doing, but, I just kept on. Still, she hadn't said a word to me and I had this sinking feeling she was definitely regretting letting me bathe and shave her.

I felt like I needed to say something, so as I slid the razor down her calf, I told her how I'd read that using the lotion, instead of shave cream, would produce a much closer and smoother shave with no irritation. Still, she didn't speak to me at all.

As I shaved her legs, she held them up out of the water for me and ran her hands across the areas I was finished with. I'm not saying I didn't peek between her legs while I was shaving her, because I did. And, Sharron noticed me looking, but she didn't make any moves to obstruct my view. While I was finishing her second leg, she was spread open so much I could clearly see the folds of pink between her labia. Catching me staring at her femininity, she finally spoke to me, saying "If you nick me because you're not paying attention to what you're doing, this will be the last time I let you do this."

I felt like a scolded dog after hearing her warning, but when I looked up at her face, she was wearing a slight smile and I took heart in the fact that maybe she wasn't mad at me, after all. I asked her if she wanted me to shave her pussy, but she shook her head to tell me no. I would have genuinely loved to do that for her -- I'm sure she probably knew it, too.

Soon, we let the water out of the bathtub and she told me to get in with her, close the shower curtain and turn the shower on. I didn't realize how cramped we would be in her tub/shower, but she didn't ask me to get out, so as the shower ran I picked up the soap and asked her to turn around so I could wash her back.

She propped herself up against the shower wall as I soaped her body one area at a time. I washed her everywhere except her breasts and feminine areas. God knows, I didn't want to push my luck and go right for her tits or pussy, but once she saw that I was avoiding her private areas, she told me it was okay to wash there, too.

Bravely, I reached my hands up to her breasts and started to wash them. Truthfully, this was the first time I had really held her orbs in my hands. They were soft and perfect. I ran my fingers over her nipples and felt them jump to attention at my touch. There was no other reaction from her -- no pulling back or telling me to stop - so I kept touching her there, lingering longer than I actually needed to.

At last, I finally got a reaction from her that I liked. She reached down and took my cock in her hands and held it. She didn't jerk me, or stroke me -- she just held my elongated package as I washed her breasts.

Without saying anything, I moved to her side and put my hand down between her legs to wash her pussy. At the same time, my other hand went behind her to wash her bottom. As I gently washed her pussy lips with one hand, my other hand was slipping between her butt cheeks until I felt her other hole. Very slowly and tentatively, I washed both places in unison. Her eyes were closed now, and I took a chance that she was enjoying what I was doing, so in a bold move, I moved my soapy finger between her butt cheeks and pressed my fingertip against her rosebud.

A quick intake of breath escaped her mouth as my fingertip barely slipped into her. Sharron's eyes were still closed, but she hadn't pulled away, so I pulled my fingertip out, ran it around her opening and pushed it in again, this time a little deeper. At the same time, I ran the soapy fingers of my other hand up and down her slit, playing with her clitoris.

Her hand rose to grasp my shoulder and she shuffled her feet further apart. I took this as an invitation and her permission to go further, so I kept touching her -- front and back. Each time I pulled my finger out of her backside, I got fresh soap on it and put it back in, only a little deeper each time. Soon, I had most of my finger in her butt. She hadn't stopped me -- there was no pulling away or tightening up, but I didn't give her any reason to be afraid or concerned, either. I went very slowly and I was sure she wasn't feeling any discomfort.

Once my finger was comfortably in her bottom, I began to concentrate my other hand on gently stroking her pussy. She leaned into me, resting all her weight against me as I masturbated her pussy and probed her most secret place with my soapy finger. After a minute, I realized she was panting lightly and I knew then she was getting off on it. I didn't want to risk any fear that I was going to hurt her bottom, so I just let my finger stay inside her where it was and continued to play with her pussy and clit.

Before long, she was swaying side to side while she leaned against me. I though I felt her try to wiggle down on my finger a little more and when she did it a second time, I pressed my finger up into her bottom until she spoke. "There." She moaned softly. "Hmmm. That's nice. Just leave it right there."

I kept stroking her pussy up and down until she was moaning again. She was getting a little louder each time and when she started to shake I knew she was on the verge of another climax. I kept it slow, though, and let her press against my hand in her pussy to control the pressure and create the feeling she wanted. Soon, she grunted and fell into me, shaking in my arms as she came.

As soon as she was finished cuming, I carefully and slowly slid my finger out of her butt and removed my hand from her pussy. Wrapping my arms around her body, I held her to me and turned her into the warm water and let it silently beat down on her back as we stood together.

We stayed like that for a long time. Soon, Sharron turned into me fully, pressing her breasts into me and laid her cheek on my chest. I took the liberty of rubbing her back and stroking her hair, as if I was holding my lover. After a few minutes I realized she was quietly crying. There were no big hiccups, and no heaving -- but there were tears running down her face and even though we were in the shower, I could see her tears.

"Sharron, you're crying. Did I do something wrong?" I asked. "Did I hurt you?"

She shook her head back and forth to tell me 'No'. "What's wrong then?" I asked.

"Nothing." she answered. "I'll tell you later. Let me wash you now." She replied.

With that, she pulled away from me and looked up into my eyes. She really had been crying. Her eyes were obviously red and wet. Instantly, my heart went out to her and all I wanted to do was kiss away what ever made her sad and make everything better. But, she smiled at me, took the soap in her hands and began to rub it all over my chest. I was quiet as I watched her methodically wash me -- she wasn't in any hurry and I enjoyed the feeling of her dainty hands and soft touch skimming over my body.

When she was done with my chest, she soaped her hands up and reached down toward my cock. Tenderly, she washed my balls, cupping them carefully as she bent down to see what she was doing. Then, moving to my rod, she stroked me with a soapy hand, cleaning my cock of our combined sex juices from earlier.

Glancing up at me, she smiled and stood to my side, just as I had done with her. Never letting go of my cock, she ran her soapy fingers between the cheeks of my ass until her finger came to rest in direct contact with my bottom hole. She paused for a moment and as I looked over at her, I knew exactly what she was going to do. Sure enough, just as I had done, she slowly pressed her fingertip in and held it there. My cock lurched in her hand and she giggled. As our eyes locked together, her finger slipped in deeper causing my cock to jerk again inside her grasp.

"You must like this." She said. "Does it feel good when I touch you there?" Sharron asked.

"I think so." I answered. "Just go slow, would you?"

Like I had done, she started to masturbate me with one hand while her other hand played with my butt. She was slow and gentle, thankfully. I felt each fraction of an inch as her finger worked its way into me until I felt the palm of her hand flat against my butt cheeks.

I wasn't sure if I was embarrassed or thankful. Yeah, okay it did feel a little good. Alright...... maybe it felt more than a little good. But, I didn't want to admit it. That wouldn't be very manly, now would it? And, what would she think if I told her it felt great?

I think she could read the fear in my eyes, and perhaps wanting to spare me any further embarrassment, she didn't say anything more as she slowly stroked my cock and gently probed my southern border. I was just getting into the feel of her soapy finger in my butt and her fist sliding up and down my erect member when she stopped. "I don't want to wear you out," she informed me, "if I'm going to use this thing later, I probably should let you rest for a while."

Good thing she stopped, too. Between what she was doing in front -- and the unusual, but pleasurable feeling from her finger in back, I would have quickly ejaculated all over both of us. Instead, she finished washing me up and then asked me to get out of the tub and told me to dry off. When I was dry, I heard her turn off the water and open the shower curtain, leaving her standing there, dripping wet, totally naked and amazingly beautiful.

Asking for a towel, she wrapped her hair in it and then stepped out. Reaching for another towel, she complimented my bath and shower skills, making an especially big deal out of the way I shaved her legs and how smooth and perfect they felt. All the while, I watched as she bent and twisted -- drying her whole body in front of me as if we had done this hundreds of times together. My cock was still hard, a fact she didn't overlook, because just as much as I was staring at her naked body, she was staring at mine.

Before long she was dry and without even picking up her clothes or straightening up the bathroom, she walked past me, saying "Come on." Hanging my own towel up, I followed her into her bedroom and watched as she pulled the comforter down her bed. Turning to look at me, she motioned me over and told me to get on the bed and lie down. "I need to feel you in me again. Is that okay, Brad? Can I get on top of you?" She asked.

Now that was a hell of a stupid question. Did she honestly think I wouldn't let the angel of my life ride my cock? Damn, as far as I was concerned she could tie me to the bed and keep me prisoner for days, or weeks even -- repeatedly fuck me until my cock gave up and refused to get hard again. Hell, there was no need for her to ask.

But as I lay down with my erection poking up wantonly, she thanked me, climbed up on the bed, straddled my body and reached down to pick up my entire length and then with one smooth move she sat on top of me, sliding her pussy down my pole until it was all the way in her.

She sighed and then bounced around on top of me. With each bounce, I felt my cock go into her a little deeper. Then, looking down at me, she placed her hands on my chest and leaned way down. When she did, I reached up to her tits and cupped them tenderly as I rubbed her nipples between my fingers. Her nipples immediately hardened and she moaned deeply while I tweaked them. Leaning down even more, I was able to reach my head up enough to take one of her nipples in my mouth and suckle her while I played with her other breast.

For the next hour, she rode on top of me, alternately grinding her pussy down on me and sliding up and down my pole. I laid there and watched her cum four or five times, letting her have as much of my cock as she desired. I tried hard not to get too excited, but she almost took me over the edge several times. For me, I was satisfied enough just to know it was my cock that she was enjoying. I was amazed to see the different ways she rode me -- even turning around and riding me backwards. That was pretty cool, too, because I could see my cock sliding into her pussy as she humped me and I got a nice long look at her from the back, which excited me tremendously. Yes, it was nasty -- but as I watched her raise and lower her haunches, the only thing I could think of was how breathtaking it was just to watch her fuck me.

Before Sharron was done, though, she sat up on top of me and looked down into my eyes. Then, she did the most amazing thing -- squeezed and relaxed her pussy muscles while she sat there. "Oh, Gawd!" I moaned. Sharron just smiled and wiggled her pelvis as she continued to squeeze and release my cock. She started to move up and down my pole, squeezing me as she did. I began to thrust my hips up, trying vainly to get in time with her movements. Each time our bodies moved, she clamped down on me, gripping my penis as it tried to move inside her.

Sharron leaned down, pressing her chest to mine and wrapping her arms around my neck. She started nipping at my ear, playfully kissing me and blowing warm air across my skin. When I started to feel myself about to cum, I hardly had any time at all to warn her that I was close. It came on me so fast and so strong, all I could do is lay there and let her fuck me.

I started to moan and wheeze as I felt my orgasm start. "Ooooohhhhhhh!" I groaned. "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum!" I cried.

She seemed to pick up her pace once she heard that I was about to explode. Her hips, flying up and down on top of my pole with lighting speed, crashed into me each time she came down. Then she would rise up and crash down on me again -- and all the while, she kept squeezing my cock with her pussy. "Come on, baby," she urged, "cum in me."

"Fuck!" I yelled as I exploded into her, coating her insides with my hot cum.

When it was over, I laid there like a rag doll, absolutely spent and worn out. She sat up and looked down at me with a big smirk on her face. "That must have been a big one." She said, "I felt it."

I was still trying to catch my breath when she got off me, letting my softening cock slip from her pussy. Glancing over at her, I watched her arrange herself on her hands and knees. Then, spreading her knees wide and laying her head down on a pillow, she looked at me. At first, I thought she was resting, but with her butt up in the air like it was -- and her knees spread wide apart, it appeared like she was waiting for something. And, she was.

"Go ahead." She said. "You can lick me from behind if you want to. You told me you fantasized about that."

I instantly knew what she was talking about. She was referring to our conversation where I described what I thought about when I jacked off -- and how I told her I wanted to get behind her and enjoy myself by sucking and licking her all over. Now, I know some people might see this as an incredibly nasty and possibly perverted desire, but, why would someone hesitate to touch, kiss or lick someone they loved -- even 'back there'? Seems to me that if you really did love someone, there wouldn't be any boundaries as to what you would do sexually. Right?

Okay, damn it! I knew I wasn't supposed to be in love with her anymore. I even promised her I wouldn't fall in love with her again. And maybe I wasn't..... or maybe I was. Hell, I don't know, but, how could I forget all those years of longing and all those fantasies, especially when they were now coming true? "Fuck it!" I said to myself. It didn't matter. Nothing mattered. All I knew was that she was on her hands and knees and she was offering herself to me.

I scampered behind her upturned bottom and looked at her. My Gawd, she was indescribably sexy and gorgeous in that pose. Her knees were wide apart and I had a full, wide open view of her wet and glistening pussy, still coated with our mixed fluids from just a few minutes ago. Then, right there in front of me was the petite little hole my finger had been in while I washed her up.

I reached my finger out and slid it easily into her pussy - past her labia and then deeply into her vagina. Knowing full well that she'd deliberately made me cum in her didn't persuade me to stop. It didn't even slow me down.

I spent the next thirty minutes totally propelling myself into my fantasy..... licking, sucking and kissing every inch of her lower body my tongue and lips could reach. I didn't stop to think or consider anything -- not even as I held her tender cheeks apart and tongued her bottom. Sharron must have enjoyed it, too, because I heard a flurry of moans and gasps as she shuddered to orgasm at least twice.

When I was done, I lay down next to her and we smiled at each other. When she finally stretched her legs out and relaxed herself, she snuggled up next to me and I put my arms around her.

"Sharron, will you tell me now why were you crying in the shower?" I asked.

Her smile faded and she looked at me in a way I've never seen before. Her face turned serious and she scooted back several inches and propped herself up on her pillow. She started to speak, but then she stopped. After a moment, she looked down at the sheet under us and poked her finger nervously at an imaginary spot as she finally spoke.

"Brad, uh..... you really were in love with me, weren't you." She said.

Before I could answer, Sharron went on, saying, "I don't mean that as a question. It was an observation, or maybe I should say -- it was a realization."

"What I'm trying to say," she added, "is that I just realized what that must have been like for you day after day. All those times we did things together..... it had to be heart wrenching for you. I can't get over how noble you were and how thoughtless I was -- how blind I was to it. And for all those years you were content to just be my friend." She looked up at me and I could see she was struggling with what she was trying to say.

I only nodded my head, not knowing what she expected of me. Then she continued, saying, "I don't know anyone else but you that would have been that loyal to your heart. I feel horrible about not feeling the same way, Brad. I feel horrible that you wasted so much time on me. So, when we were in bed earlier, I was just having sex, while you were really 'making love' to me. I saw it in your eyes and I felt it in your touch. It made me feel ashamed of myself, you know?"

"Ah," I replied, "I see. Sharron, let's don't dredge this up again. I thought that was all settled, and besides, I'm over it now."

"Really?" She asked. "You're really over it?"

Her question brought back all the longing and all the feelings I had for her, but, I knew this was something we needed to talk about. I reached out to hold her hand and told her I was over it and I didn't regret anything.

"But, I broke your heart, right?" She replied.

"It's not a matter of that, Sharron." I answered. "Just because we're not in love romantically doesn't mean I can't love you anymore. Okay, maybe it's not the same kind of love as before, but I can still care about you. I can still be your friend. And you know what? Since I came to grips with this, I've been able to have something with you that I would have never had. And I think we've enjoyed some pretty good sex, don't you think?"

"Yeah, that's for sure." She agreed. "The sex has been the best I've ever had."

"And I'll continue to be your naked man as long as you want to keep this up." I added.

That last part made Sharron smile. "Thank you for not pressuring me or expecting anything from me in return." She said. Then perking up, she said, "And I'll take you up on being my naked man. You know, it works out fairly well, don't you think?" She asked.

"I mean," she said, "you seem to enjoy being naked, and I enjoy having my best friend all to myself one weekend a month. Plus, it's kind of a fantasy come true for me to have a man who will let me see him naked and whom I can touch whenever I want without all the bullshit boyfriend overhead. Plus," she added, "I really do love your cock, Brad."

"Well I'm glad to hear you say that you're getting off on all this." I replied. "Hopefully, it makes you wet and horny, too."

"You have no idea," Sharron answered, "I just love seeing you play with yourself, especially when you do it right in front of me. Just about every night I play with myself to the memory of how you make yourself cum and the way your cock is always so hard for me."

"Oh, my gawd!" She exclaimed. "That sounds absolutely 'slutty', doesn't it?"

I grinned as she blushed.

"No, not at all." I answered. "Honestly, if I knew a girl as cute as you that wanted to get naked in front of me and let me watch her masturbate, I would probably be just as happy about it as you are."

We talked for another hour or so. Somewhere along the way, we both fell asleep. I woke up hours later -- in the middle of the night, to find her sleeping soundly next to me. I watched her for a few minutes while she slept. I watched her tender breasts rise and fall with every breath she took and I even reached out and lightly touched one of her nipples.

Sighing, I got out of her bed and started to pull the comforter up over her sleeping body. I paused for a second to admire the dainty furrow between her legs, but I didn't touch her again. Somehow, it just didn't seem right to take advantage of the trust she had in me to violate her when she was sleeping. So as I pulled the comforter up to her shoulders, I bent down and kissed her lips very softly and whispered "Good night, my angel."

I turned off the light as I left her bedroom and closed the door behind me. In all our CFNM weekends, she never invited me to sleep with her in her bed. I would have loved to, but one of our rules was that I was supposed to sleep in her spare bedroom with the door open, so that's exactly what I did.

The next morning, we talked in detail about what happen the night before. Sharron readily agreed that the sex we shared together was the best sex she ever experienced and after a long talk, she suggested that on future CFNM weekends, we would set the CFNM aside briefly and spend a few hours devoted to each other's sexual pleasure. Needless to say, I was elated, gratified and I agreed immediately.

So, the next CFNM weekend seemingly started out like any other. But, as I arrived on Friday evening, I carried with me with a sense of breathless anticipation knowing there was going to be sex between the two of us. As usual, I stood in front of Sharron and undressed until I was naked. She amused herself by fondling my balls and tugging on my cock for a few minutes and told me she was going to keep me busy doing chores until Saturday evening. Then, after dinner on Saturday, I would bathe her, shave her and we would spend the rest of Saturday night taking turns pleasuring each other.

"I'm going to let you shave me, uh, down there." Sharron said, pointing down below her waist. "But you better be careful," she added, "I've heard horrible stories from some of my friends who've let men with razors close to their va-jay-jay."

"Oh, you don't have anything to worry about." I immediately replied, smiling broadly. "I promise I'll take my time, go really slow and be very careful." I added, "I'm going to savor and enjoy every minute of it, too."

Sharron smiled a knowing grin, saying, "Yeah, I bet you will!" In as much as I think shaving her pubes was more for my enjoyment, I think she got off on the idea of having me between her spread legs, catering to her pussy, and touching her intimately while I removed her pussy hair. In any event, I was overjoyed about the possibility of seeing her pussy completely bare and thinking about how her smooth vulva would feel against my face as I licked up and down her slit.

I couldn't have anticipated the level of sexual tension that built up between the two of us that weekend. Shortly after I arrived, she disappeared into her bedroom and returned a few minutes later wearing only a t-shirt and a pair of tight, silky, white bikini panties. Then, she acted completely innocent and nonchalant about the way she was dressed. Of course my cock reacted by staying rock hard all through the evening. Her tight little t-shirt clearly displayed the outline of her boobs, and her nipples poked out at me as if they were begging for attention. And if that wasn't enough, no matter how many times she fixed them, her panties seemed to repeatedly find their way creased up between her pussy lips, giving her a pronounced camel toe that I could see clearly.

Now, don't get me wrong -- I'm not at all complaining about the way she was dressed. She wasn't doing anything provocative and she didn't seem to be overtly flaunting her body or acting like an exhibitionist, but I simply couldn't take my eyes off her. By 10PM that Friday night, she'd made me masturbate three times in front of her in an attempt to keep my erections at bay. But only thirty minutes after my third jerk-off session, I got hard again looking at her crotch as she sat cross-legged on her couch next to me. She pretended to be exasperated with me, saying "Jeez, Brad, you would think you've never seen a girl in her underwear before."

Well, what the fuck did she expect? So, let me put this in perspective...... a really cute chick who I'd fantasized about for years was in her sexy panties and I can see the outline of her pussy lips pushing against the crotch panel of her panties. Now, did she really think I wasn't going to get turned on? Was I supposed to look away or something? Yeah, right. Like that's ever going to happen. 

I know damn well she was secretly delighted with my reaction. To tell you the truth, though, I kind of liked the way she was teasing me. And it all seemed to end with me having a solid hard-on and needing to stroke myself in front of her, which I didn't mind doing, and she didn't mind watching. Funny, even though she'd now seen my cock more times than anyone else in my life, it was still a hell of a thrill to perform for her and each time I ejaculated in her presence, she appeared to be just as excited and amazed as the first time I ever did it.

Saturday morning I got up before her to make breakfast, which is what I always did. Wearing her kitchen apron to protect my naked chest and Mr. Winkie from hot bacon grease, I was just about ready to start cooking her omelet when Sharron joined me in the kitchen. As I turned to say 'Good Morning' I almost choked. If I thought her outfit last night was hot, what she wore this morning was sizzling.

Sharron was wearing a thin, extremely low cut camisole and her nipples were poking out prominently from beneath it. As if that wasn't enough to cause me to stare, she was wearing perhaps the smallest thong I have ever seen in my life. It had just a small triangle of see through fabric covering her pussy and thin spaghetti straps across the hips and nothing but thin butt floss up the back. As I gawked at her outfit, she held her arms out to her sides and turned around completely so I could take in the full effect.

"I take it you approve?" She asked, pointing to my cock and snickering.

"You love teasing me like this, don't you?" I asked.

Sharron giggled, then walked up to me and shoved her hand under my apron to feel my hardness. "Yep!" She said as she squeezed my cock and stroked me a few times. "I bet if I dressed like this all the time I could get you to do anything I wanted. Right?" She asked.

Indeed. But, what she didn't realize was I would have done anything for her anyway. Walking around like she did last night, and now this morning, was only pushing me closer and closer to the point where I was either going to have to throw her on the floor and seriously partake in her womanly charms, or tie her to the bed and have my way with her until I couldn't get it up any more. I don't think there's a court in this land that would find me guilty of any crime, either.

But, I held my tongue, and instead of being a smart-ass, I answered, "If you dressed like that all the time you would be in jail for man slaughter, Sharron. I would die from lack of blood to my brain because it was all rushing to my cock!"

Sharron laughed as she let go of my pole and made her way to the coffee mug I had waiting for her on the counter. As she walked away from me, I drank up the view of her nearly-naked butt cheeks, shook my head in disbelief and went back to cooking our breakfast.

On Saturday, we cleaned every room in her condo and did all her laundry. We took turns picking out audio CDs and singing the songs as they came on. It was excruciatingly difficult to be around her all day while she was wearing the thin camisole and tiny panties. As she bent and reached for things, I got wonderful glimpses down her top and between her legs.

"No jerking off for you today." Sharron told me as we worked. "I want you hot, hard and anxious for me tonight. I've been looking forward to this, and I want you to be ready to go a long time!"

We worked side by side all morning and by noon, my poor cock was aching for release. When I asked her if I could get a little relief, she laughed and told me 'No', explaining how much stronger my hard-on would be for her if I held off a few more hours until we had our mutual play time. By 2PM I was getting desperate. My cock was leaking precum and with every step I took, I felt my eight inch rod bounce up and down as it poked out in front of me. Sharron was beside herself with laughter at my predicament, even going so far as to mock comfort me by saying, "Oh, poor baby."

At about 4PM, she mysteriously left me alone saying she had to make a phone call and needed some privacy. We were just about to put the last load of laundry into her washing machine when she brought this up. And what do you think the last stuff left to wash was?

Yes, you guessed it. Her lingerie. Specifically, it was a weeks worth of her bras and panties.

My gawd, I have to honestly say that standing there with a pile of her bras and panties in front of me brought on a sexual rush which I can't describe. These were the actual bras that cradled Sharron's sweet breasts and protected those cute nipples from the prying eyes of the world. And these were the panties that guarded the entrance to the throne of her womanhood, and I was in awe to have all these extremely personal garments within my reach and without her watching over me. Upon my inspection, several of Sharron's panties were.... how should I say it...... "Choice".

Obviously, her anticipation of our CFNM weekend during the previous week had kept her wet and her panties held the proof. Unbelievably, the pile of lingerie even included the white bikini panties she wore on Friday evening and once I noticed them, I was tempted to steal them. But, of course, I knew it would be impossible to get away with.

Cursing to myself, I finally realized she was in her bedroom, behind closed doors and talking on the phone. I disobeyed my normally good judgment and made a decision to take a break from doing her laundry and take some time to enjoy those bikini panties right then and there - and in the exact manner for which the laws of nature intended. "She'll never know." I told myself as I chuckled wickedly.

Now, one of Sharron's CFNM rules was that any time I had the need to jack-off, she was supposed to be present so she could watch. In the many CFNM visits we'd shared, I never once broke that rule. But this time, I was insane with excitement and grabbed my cock without hesitation and began to jerk myself as I held her panties to my nose, breathing in her feminine scent.

"Brad!" I heard her exclaim behind me.

I turned to see Sharron standing several feet away with her hands on her hips and a scowl on her face.

"I thought we had an understanding." Sharron said disappointedly.

"Damn it, Sharron," I replied nervously, "you've been prancing around in your panties for two days teasing me..... just pushing me to the point where you knew I was going to break."

"You were hovering over me all morning, and then just as the only thing left to wash was your lingerie, you conveniently had to make a phone call and suddenly disappeared." I added.

"Admit it, Sharron," I continued, "in all the weeks I've been coming here, I never once broke any of the rules. I've shown remarkable control and you know it. And I don't believe for one minute that you really had to make a call at the exact time you knew I was going to be alone with your panties. This is a damn setup!"

The scowl on her face turned into a smile and Sharron took several steps toward me and put her hands around my throbbing member. "Okay, okay," she replied, "I admit it. It was a setup. And yes, you've been an amazingly good naked man."

"But," she added, "that doesn't change the fact that you broke one of our rules and I don't think you should be able to talk your way out of it."

"What do you mean by that?" I asked.

"Well," she answered, "I think there should be some kind of punishment for trying to secretly take advantage of my panties and play with your self behind my back."

"Alright, maybe so," I said, "but if I'm going to be punished for jacking-off behind your back, I think I should be allowed to finish what I started."

"Oh, I bet you do." Sharron agreed. "And I suppose you're going to want to use my panties while you do it?"

"Since it was a set up and you obviously knew how your little entrapment scheme would push me over the edge, I think it's only fair. In fact," I emphasized loudly, "you ought to just let me keep them in return for setting me up."

I could see Sharron thinking about what I said. Finally, she answered "Okay, you can use 'em and you can keep 'em, but, I want you to ask me for them, first. After all, they are my panties and you shouldn't just assume I would give them to you."

"What?" I asked.

"You heard me," she answered, "I want you to ask me to let you use my panties while you jack-off and then ask me if you can keep them."

"Oh, brother!" I moaned.

"Brad, if you ask nicely, I'll say yes. It's totally up to you, though. If you can't ask nicely then I'll just pick up all my bras and panties, take them to my room and I guarantee you won't ever see any of them again. It's your choice." She said smiling.

She had me and she knew it. She knew my cock was throbbing and all this talk about her panties was making it worse every time I heard the word. She knew I wanted those panties and she knew I would agree to just about anything in order to get them.

"Sharron," I reluctantly began, "I know I was wrong for trying to masturbate behind your back and for using your panties. Would you please let me finish what I was doing and would you please let me keep your panties?"

"See," she said, "that wasn't so hard. Okay, I'll let you finish and you can keep them as your souvenir or whatever you want to call them, but first, I want you to agree to let me punish you for trying to masturbate behind my back and accept whatever punishment I decide on without any complaining."

"Punishment? What kind of punishment?" I asked.

"Whatever I say, Brad. Take it, or leave it." She replied.

The little smile that crept up from the corner of her lips told me to go along with her ultimatum. In my heart, I knew her 'punishment' would probably amount to nothing and she might even be kidding about it, so, I agreed.

"Alright," I answered, "I'll go along with the punishment."

Sharron reached out and took the white panties from my hand and then ushered me out of her laundry room. She led me down the hall and into her bedroom.

She pulled me over to her dresser and pulled open one of the drawers. My cock lurched as I looked down to discover the drawer was filled to the brim with bras and panties of every color, style and fabric. "Go ahead," she motioned to me, "get started."

I looked at her, unsure of what she meant, and seeing that I didn't understand, she said, "Well, you wanted to jerk-off, didn't you? Go ahead," she repeated, "get busy. Enjoy yourself."

Hesitantly, I wrapped my right hand around my rod and slowly started to jerk my cock. As I did, I lifted her panties to my nose and took a deep sniff. After watching me for a few seconds, she picked up a handful of her panties from the drawer and said, "Since you're so interested in my panties, I'm going to let you see them -- every single pair I own. Maybe that will satisfy some of your curiosity about my underwear."

She held up the first pair and showed them to me, or what there was of them. They were almost transparent and surely one of those pairs a woman only wears when she knows her man is going to immediately take them off and give her a thorough boning.

I paused so I could look at them closely, but she quickly got my attention and told me to keep stroking. When I began again, she asked me if the panties I was holding under my nose smelled good.

"Oh, yeah." I replied.

Holding up a different pair, a black silky thong, she asked me if I liked them. I nodded my head up and down, indicating I did and she asked me if I'd like to see her in them. When I nodded again, she laughed and said, "Maybe someday you will."

I kept stroking and she kept holding up her panties one pair at a time. A quick scan of the amount of panties left in her drawer told me there was no way I was going to last until she showed me every pair she owned. Unfortunately, I was almost there -- almost ready to cum. And there were probably twenty pairs of panties left in the drawer.

I tried to slow my jacking, but, she noticed what I was doing and told me to keep going at the same rate, so I sped up.

As she held up another pair, she got inquisitive and started asking questions. "You're really getting off on this, aren't you?" She asked.

I knew it was a question I shouldn't answer, but I didn't need to answer because as soon as she asked it she spoke again, saying, "You know the whole panty thing is a carefully orchestrated plot by the women of the world to control men, don't you?"

"I don't doubt it." I replied as I kept stroking.

"Well, it's true." She boasted. "We girls learn at a very young age how to control boys by letting them see a little bit of this and a little bit of that..... and over time, it's turned into an art form, you know."

She was holding up her panties, one a time for me to see, and I'm just imagining how each pair looks on her..... how the back hugs her cute little ass and how the front shows off her pretty mound. She's got some crotch-less panties that she holds up next and she spreads them open to emphasize how they work. I'm looking between the lace edges where her vagina would be and thinking if she was wearing them, how wet and open she might be... ready for my tongue or my cock.

Oh, I'm getting dangerously close now. There's no way I'm going to be able to hold off much longer.

"And you know," she adds, "we just love to torment guys with these sexy things. We know you want to see us in them, and then feel us in them..... and it's a huge 'cave man' thing for you when you can finally conquer them - pull them off and get to your prize."

"Damn," I thought to myself as I stroked, "she's got a pretty good handle on it, that's for sure."

Sharron held up a satiny, red pair and smiled at me. "I just bought these last week, Brad. I bought them especially for you...... especially for tonight. I was thinking I might put them on after you shave me and I might let you touch me in them for a while before I get up on top and ride that cock of yours. Can't you just imagine your hands feeling me in these, Brad? You could get me all wet and play to your heart's content. Would you like that?"

As she spoke, my mind started to visualize those satiny panties stretched tightly across her pussy as she lay back on her bed with her knees spread out and pulled up to her chest beckoning me to the center of her femininity. I could just see her lying there in them.... opening herself up to me.... allowing me the privilege of touching her, licking her and then finally..... fucking her.

I couldn't believe it as I watched one of Sharron's hands slip inside the waistband of the little thong she was wearing. She smiled at me as my eyes watched her fingers trace up and down her labia and then finally reaching down to her opening and plunging her fingers into her delicious pussy. I gasped as I stared at what she was doing inside her panties, but what she did next set my whole world on fire.

Slowly, she withdrew her hand from her panties and brought her wet fingers up to my nose. "Can you smell my pussy, Brad?" She asked. "I'm really wet." I moaned and closed my eyes as I took in the heavenly scent of her pussy.

Then to my amazement, she moved her fingers to my mouth, ran them around my lips and when I opened them, she slipped her fingers in and I began to suck the slippery juices from her digits.

And then all of a sudden, I exploded. My first squirt of cum spewed out in a thick rope that landed directly on her camisole.

I glanced up at Sharron and her eyes were glued to my cock as it convulsed and squirted my hot seed all over the two of us. It seemed to go on forever and she never moved away. In fact, she moved closer to me and as my orgasm subsided. She reached down and covered my hand with hers and rubbed my dribbling cock head against her belly. By the time I was done, there were little drops of cum all over her legs, stomach and of course, her tiny panties.

I stood breathless for a minute, panting and trying to keep my balance.

"Holy shit!" Sharron exclaimed, looking at the huge globs of cum splattered all over her. "I guess you were pretty backed up, eh?"

"That's an understatement." I replied. "And I'm sorry I got you all, uh, messy."

"Actually," she confessed, "I've wanted you to do something like that for a long time. I should have taken this off, though." Referring to her cum soaked camisole.

"Well, its washable isn't it? We can just throw it in with those other things, can't we?" I asked.

"Oh, sure," she answered, "But, what I meant was I've wanted to feel your cum shoot directly on my bare skin for a long time. You know, maybe on my boobs or..... gawd, I can't believe I'm saying this..... uh, even on my face."

"Sharron! I'm shocked." I replied. "And you think my fascination with your underwear is kinky? That sounds pretty damn kinky to me."

At first, she thought I was serious, but, I put my arms around her and pulled her to me, smearing the thick globs of cum stuck to her camisole all over us. "I love it when you're kinky," I whispered in her ear as we hugged, "I'll do that for you tonight if you want."

She pulled away from me and put her hands on her hips saying, "But I'm still angry with you for being sneaky and I fully intend to punish you for it, Bradley." With that, she slipped the cum stained camisole off, leaving her standing in front of me in just her wispy panties. "Come on," she said, ushering me out of her bedroom toward her laundry room, "let's get that last laundry load going and then I think we should get started on dinner. By the time we're done, it will be time to get down and nasty."

I detected a tone of playfulness in her voice along with a sparkle in her eye. I knew she was looking forward to having sex and I sorely hoped that she would let more of her kinky side out to play. But I couldn't stop thinking about this 'punishment' she was talking about.

Believe it or not, my cock was now soft. Thankfully, I got to cum and even though she was walking around with her bare boobs on display, I felt a sense of relief I hadn't felt in a couple of days. The throbbing was gone and it felt nice not to have my boner in the way.

Sharron stood next to me topless while we put her delicates into the washer. Knowing she was watching, I laid it on pretty thick - picking up every bra and holding each cup against my nose. I even went so far as to lick a few of them, making sure she saw me putting my tongue exactly where her nipples had been. Each of her panties got a similar treatment, too, before I put them in the washer. I examined each one closely and held one or two of them up to her waist to get an idea how they looked on her. There was one very slinky red bikini that was so soft and silky, I simply couldn't help being attracted to it. The feel of it in my hand was remarkable, so I turned toward her and jokingly wrapped the panty around my flaccid cock and smiled. To my surprise, she reached down and grasped my softness and started stroking it.

Now, I'd only done this as a joke -- kind of over doing all the attention I was giving to her lingerie since she was standing right there -- but when she started to stroke me, I experienced a feeling I've never felt before in my life. The way the material slid over my member was incredible. The silky layers slid back and forth over my cock and even though she wasn't gripping me tightly at all, I immediately started getting hard. She was just as surprised as I was.

"Damn!" She remarked. "Instant erection!"

She was right, too. The only way I can describe the feeling is that it felt like a silk glove was pulled over my cock and she was moving it back and forth. I literally went from utterly soft to completely hard in a matter of a few seconds. Sharron, being curious about what was happening to me, kept stroking me but increased the speed. The silky panties under her hand lubricated her movements and as she worked my cock, it grew into a full fledged, raging steel-on.

"Does this feel good?" She asked.

"It feels fucking amazing." I moaned, spreading my feet to get a better stance while she stroked me.

"Better than a pussy?" She asked.

"Not better than YOUR pussy," I replied, "but pretty damn good."

She smiled as she sank to her knees and jacked me in front of her face. After a minute, a damp spot appeared at the tip of my penis and she stopped in mid-stroke and looked up at me. "So, you're getting pretty worked up, are you? Want me to keep going, or should I stop?"

"Please," I begged, "don't stop now!"

Sharron giggled to herself and let go of my throbbing tool. She stood; leaving her silky red panties wrapped around my cock. Putting her hands on her hips, she looked down at the sight in front of her. "I think it's time for the first part of your punishment." She said.

Reaching out and pulling her panties from around my cock, she held them out to me and said "Put 'em on."

"What?" I gasped.

"You said you'd go along with anything I asked for your punishment." She reminded me.

"Yeah, but, I..... uh.... uh...." I stuttered, "I thought you were talking about giving me a spanking or something like that. You didn't say anything about this!"

"Bradley, I'm a firm believer that the punishment should fit the crime," she said, "but I'll be more than happy to throw in a spanking, too, since you seem to agree that you deserve one."

"Sharron," I pleaded, "come on, don't you think making me wear your underwear is going just a bit too far with the punishment thing?"

"Oh, I'm only starting, Brad." She mused. "This is just phase one of your punishment!"

Then, kneeling down in front of me again, she held the red panties open and told me to step into them. I felt the sting of a fiery blush over take me as I stepped into her panties - first one foot, and then the other. I watched intently as she began to pull them up my legs, stopping when she pulled them above my knees. Then, pausing to look up at me, she bent forward, reached out to grasp the base of my cock in her hand and then took my cock into her mouth in one deliberate move.

I shuddered as I felt the warmth of her mouth encircle my hardness. Looking down and seeing her suck me, I didn't care that I was almost wearing her panties; the sheer sight of her mouthing my dick was enough make everything else seem meaningless.

After a minute, though, she stopped and before I knew what was happening, she pulled the red panties up my legs and adjusted them on my hips. "There," she said, "now you leave them alone."

I could feel the heat of my full body blush return. It felt like my cheeks were on fire and I was sure the color of my face probably matched the panties I was now wearing. Never in my wildest imagination did I ever envision this from her.

As I stood there stunned, she reached out and took my hand and led me silently into her living room. As we walked, I looked down to see my hardened member sticking out lewdly above the waistband of the panties stretched across my waist. Once there, she sat down on her couch and tugged my hand across her body. "You've been a bad boy, Bradley." She said, as if I was a little boy. "Lay down over my lap. It's time for your spanking."

In a daze, I found myself leaning down as she guided and positioned me across her legs. It all seemed so surreal, like it was happening in a fog, and I honestly must have been in shock to let it happen, that is, until I felt the first smack on my ass. "SMACK!"

I was jolted back to reality as I felt the sting spread across my bottom, followed by the spreading warmth I hadn't felt since the last time I got a whipping as a youngster. Instinctively, I moved, trying to push myself off her lap, but she pressed down on my back saying, "Oh, no you don't! Just stay where you are."

The next thing I felt was her hand rubbing my bottom as if she was soothing away the sting. Her hand pushed between my legs and she momentarily cupped my balls nestled inside the confines of her red panties. Then "SMACK!" Her hand came down on my buttocks again.

As before, her soothing hand returned to lightly rub my buns. I felt her hand move all over my bottom as she spoke softly, saying, "I did some research on the internet, Brad, and I discovered some interesting things. For example, I learned that men's fascination with women's undergarments is a fairly common trait. I also learned that many guys with a panty fetish secretly have an unfulfilled desire to wear them, too. So, knowing you as well as I do, I'm betting you're part of that group. You can deny it if you want to, but the way your erection is throbbing against my legs right now pretty much confirms my suspicion."

"SMACK!" I felt the sting of her open hand against my butt again.

"One article I read said that some men will eventually get the guts to wear them on their own from time to time, but, once a man with a panty fetish receives permission from a female to wear panties, he will probably want to wear them more regularly and probably during his whole life." She explained.

"SMACK!" I laid there silently and didn't struggle as she spanked me again.

"So, Brad," she continued, "the spanking you're getting is your punishment, or, part of it I should say. I'm making you wear the panties because I bet you're too embarrassed to take that first step yourself."

"SMACK!" By now, I had resigned myself to stay put and accept the spanking. Believe me, it was easier to lie there and let her spank my ass than it would be to face her, especially since she seemed to think I had some kind of longing to wear her panties. The words she was saying, however, really caused me to think.

"They look cute on you." She said. "And I bet Mr. Winkie is about as hard as he's ever been right now, isn't he?"

I thought it was a rhetorical question, or she was just trying to add to the discomfort of the spanking, so I didn't even consider answering her. She was, of course, right about one thing -- good 'ol Mr. Winkie was throbbing and pulsing..... I could feel it, too.

"SMACK!"

"Isn't he?" She asked again.

"Yes." I groaned softly, ashamed to admit the truth that my erection was straining and about to rip through the confines of her silky panties.

"SMACK!" I could feel my ass really warming up now. It wasn't as though she was hurting me to any great extent, but it was humiliating as hell to be dressed in her panties, across her knees and receiving a spanking.

"Three more swats to go and then we'll be done." She told me. "But you're going to wear those panties until I take them off you. Understand?"

"Okay." I replied meekly. It was at that point that it came to me. I remembered how we once talked about how it might be fun to spank someone or even be the person being spanked. That conversation happened the same night we shared some of our intimate fantasies, including details about my attraction to her lingerie. Then, as I thought about that conversation, I felt her hand rubbing my bottom again, soothing my stinging cheeks. Her touch was light and soft, much like she was caressing me -- and it felt good.... very good. I was enjoying it so much that I didn't hear her tell me to spread my knees apart.

"SMACK!"

"I said," she repeated, "spread your legs a little bit wider."

I did as she asked without hesitation, and when I did, I felt her hand on my butt again. But, this time, her fingers worked their way down between my pantied butt cheeks, coming to rest directly against my bottom hole.

As she touched there, I heard myself gasp and I involuntarily opened my legs further for her. I remember thinking to myself, "Gawd, Brad, what are you doing?" I was ashamed of myself and my actions, yet I was tremendously turned on. She was herding me to some unknown destination and I was allowing it.

"I'll give you my permission," Sharron said in a calm voice, "if you want to wear my panties. Honestly, the idea of seeing you in my panties is definitely starting to grow on me. Maybe tonight I'll let you model some of mine to see which ones I like best on you."

Those words burned into my ears and I felt another rush of embarrassment flood all over my body. I fell limp across her knees, not even trying to hold myself up anymore.

"SMACK!"

"Now, as far as the punishment goes, I think I'll spread it out and do a little during each CFNM weekend." Sharron said. "That way, you'll have an incentive to be especially good every time you come and not break the rules anymore. I'm not promising I won't set you up again, though, Brad." She continued, adding, "No matter what I do, you have to follow the rules. You don't think I'm being unfair about that, do you?"

"No," I answered, "I don't think you're being unfair, but...."

"SMACK!"

As soon as her hand hit my bottom, her fingers found the crease between my butt cheeks and she rubbed me lightly, pressing against my backdoor as her fingers grazed over it.

"Okay," she said, "that's ten. Stand up, please."

I had to shuffle my knees and feet, and push myself up from her lap in order to stand. When I was upright, her eyes went right to my crotch and her jaw dropped. I looked down to see that my cock was literally dripping with pre-cum -- so much so that the front of the red panties she put me in were damp and there was a small pool of clear pre-cum on her legs where my cock has been pressed against her. That now familiar feeling of embarrassment came over me again as I stood before her. I couldn't stand to look her in the eye, not knowing what she might be thinking, so I turned my head away -- looking down at the carpet next to us.

"Oh my gawd!" She said, noticing the pool of warm precum slathered all over her legs.

Like most men, it's not unusual for my cock to leak some precum when I get excited, but, the size of the shiny pool on her legs was more than I had ever leaked at any one time. Sharron glanced up at me - then back to her legs and then back at me. I swallowed hard, not knowing what to say or think. She reached her hand out and touched the straining tip of my penis with her finger and wiped off a drop that was precariously balancing there.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw her other hand reach up and gently grasp my hand in hers. "I have to know," she inquired, "what got you so turned on? Was it the spanking, or, uh, because I made you wear my panties?"

The spanking, in all honesty, was probably part of it. But, as I stood there in her red panties, I realized it wasn't only the spanking. I couldn't bear to believe it, though. I was searching for the right words to answer her so I wouldn't incriminate myself but I wasn't having much luck finding them. As the seconds clicked by, I was becoming more and more aware of the reason for my heightened excitement and as it became clear, my heart began to thump in my chest and a red flush enveloped my whole body.

"Brad, was it the panties?" She asked.

I couldn't bring myself to look at her.

"That's it, isn't it?" She said. I could tell from the inflection in her voice that it really wasn't a question that needed answering.

"So, uh...." she stuttered, "be honest with me now..... have you ever worn panties before?"

"No!" I immediately replied.

"But, you must like them." She answered as she pointed to my engorged cock and the wet spot on her legs.

I turned my head to finally look at her, almost expressionless, hoping she would just drop it and let it go. Sharron had to see I was uncomfortable with her probing, couldn't she just forget it?

We stared at each other for a minute and then she said, "Brad, I hope you don't feel I was intentionally trying to humiliate or embarrass you with those things I said. I wasn't trying to attack your manhood or anything like that, either. But, that's what those articles on the internet said."

"It's not that." I mumbled. "I just got the feeling you thought I was some kind of wacked out panty weirdo, which I'm not."

"I know that, Brad..... you're a sweet guy." She answered. "But, like I said before.... if you thought you needed someone's permission to wear women's panties, now you have it."

"Look, how about this," she said after a few seconds, "I'll leave you alone for a few minutes and go into the kitchen and start on dinner. If you want to take the panties off - if that's not something you want to do, then just take 'em off and come in the kitchen. We'll cook dinner and have a nice sex filled evening and I won't ever bring it up again."

"If, on the other hand," she continued, "you want to wear them, all you have to do is leave them on. I'm not going to persecute you and I'm not going to think you're a 'wacked out panty weirdo' or anything like that. You decide what you want to do and then come help me get dinner started."

I'm not sure how long I stood there by myself -- maybe a couple of minutes, but it seemed like a lifetime. Glancing down to see myself in her red panties, I don't know if the feeling of exhilaration or embarrassment was more prevalent. On one hand, I had to admit to myself that even though it was pretty kinky, I was excited as hell. The feel of them on me was indescribable. On the other hand, did I really want to start something like this with Sharron? In the end, I decided to leave them on and having made my decision, I turned and made my way into the kitchen.

Sharron was at the sink washing some tomatoes for the salad when I came in. After a second, she turned to look at me over her shoulder. "Come on," she said, "time's a wasting. Get over here and help me wash this stuff up."

We spent the next several minutes washing lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers and all the rest of the salad fixings and she never said a word about the panties or my decision to wear them. She handed me a knife and together, we started to cut everything up into small pieces and toss it all into a large salad bowl. Sharron finished cutting before I did, and after rinsing her hands off, she came to lean against the counter next to me.

"I'm glad you decided to keep them on." Sharron said. "I was hoping you would."

I looked at her and she was smiling. I managed to smile back and when I did, she snuggled up right next to me and reached down to grasp my bone through the satiny fabric. "Really, Brad," she continued, "I'm not just saying that. They look cute on you. In fact, seeing you in them is making me a little hot."

"Yeah, sure." I answered.

"No, I'm serious." She replied. "Here," she added as she reached for my hand, "see for yourself."

Sharron took my hand and guided it down inside her own panties and held it against her lightly furred mound. Before I even moved my fingers I could feel her wetness. I carefully extended my finger between her lips and when I did, I felt a flood of her warm and slippery lubrication pour out all over my hand. She was, without a doubt, sopping wet. I looked up and she nodded her head saying, "See? I told you."

I fingered her for a few minutes, enjoying the viscous feel of her feminine juices as I played with her. Her eyes closed as I pushed my fingers up into her vagina and then pulled them out and traced the length of her slit from bottom to top.

"Oh, that's nice." She moaned.

"You're really wet, Sharron." I whispered.

"I know." She replied. "I have to be honest with you," she added after pausing, "I planned that setup in order to have a reason to make you wear my panties, Brad. I've been fantasizing about that for a long time.... since that day you jacked off all over my table."

"Oh, you're a sneaky one, aren't you?" I mused.

"But you're getting off on it, too. Aren't you?" She asked. "Come on..... tell the truth."

"Well," I said, "since we're spilling our guts here, yes, I'm getting off on it, too. It's just embarrassing as hell for me."

"Believe me, if you knew how many times I've rubbed myself off thinking about seeing you in my panties, I'd be the embarrassed one, not you." She replied.

"Okay, then" I answered, "come clean with me. What other nasty things have you been thinking about?"

"Promise you won't think I'm a full blown slut if I tell you?" She asked.

After I gave her my promise, she hemmed and hawed for a few seconds and then she spoke. It was her turn to blush, and as she did, she began: "Well, I, uh....... sort of wanted you to touch me again like you did in the shower. You know, uh..... back here." Sharron reached behind her with her hand and placed it on her butt as she looked up into my eyes with a sheepish look on her face.

"You want me to play with your, butt? Is that it?" I replied.

She nodded her head, and then added, "And I was thinking maybe you could try cuming on me, too." She said. "Like on my chest or, uh, maybe my face?"

"I'd be happy to do all those things," I answered, "and whatever else you want to try. You know," I added, "if there's anyone you can feel comfortable talking to about what you want, it should be me, Sharron. You know I wouldn't ever judge you. Plus anything you want to try sexually -- I'm your man."

"Would you wear the panties for me, too?" She inquired.

"All the time?" I asked.

"No," she replied, "not all the time. I like it when you're naked for me, but every now and then would be nice. It really turns me on."

As she continued, Sharron told me things I'd never thought I would hear from her. Even that one evening when we were sharing our secrets, she never told me how she secretly longed to spread her sexual wings and experience some of the things that filled her pretty head when she masturbated. I was totally captivated by her candor and by her confessions, and she swore me to secrecy as she told me how she wanted to be blindfolded, tied up and then fucked. She went into detail about how much she was looking forward to me shaving her pussy and being totally exposed to me -- telling me she wanted to lie with her legs wide open while I thoroughly examined her vagina with my hands and eyes.

She stopped talking for a minute and took a deep breath. "There's one other thing I've been wanting," she said, "but I didn't think you'd go along with it."

"How do you know if you don't ask?" I answered. "Why don't you ask me and we'll find out. Is it because it's really nasty?"

She nodded her head, saying, "It's really, really nasty, Brad..... and it involves other people, too. But," she added, "if you'll do it for me, there's something in it for you."

"Oh, I'm intrigued." I replied. "Go on."

"Let's talk about it during dinner," she said, "it's kind of a long story and it's, uh, very complicated."

She'd piqued my interest for sure. Especially after hearing her secret confessions -- my mind was filling up with all kinds of kinky things. Maybe she wanted to have a three-way. "Hmm, that might be interesting." I thought.

We spent another half hour preparing dinner, or, rather I should say, I prepared dinner while she spent most of the time sitting at her kitchen table watching me. I had a small break waiting for the pasta water to boil, and during it, she called me over to the table and beckoned me to stand in front of her. She scooted back from the table and turned in her chair when I walked over to her. Then, without a word, her hands went to the waistband of my panties, pulled it down and tucked it under my balls. My tool sprung out and bobbed in front of her -- its inflamed head pulsing and throbbing due to my extremely excited condition.

Without looking at me, Sharron bent her head down and started to rub my engorged penis against her face. As she did this, my cock left a thin trail of precum along the path where she rubbed. Gracefully, as she dragged it across her lips, she slipped my cockhead into her mouth and began to tongue and suck me. I silently prayed she would take the rest of my member into her mouth, but she didn't.

As I watched, one of her hands sneaked down to below her belly and slipped into the tiny panties she was wearing. I felt my cock tighten as her legs widened and heard the faint sounds of wet pussy being parted by a probing finger. After a few seconds of fingering herself, she pulled her hand out from between her legs and moved it up toward my face. She never took my cock head out of her mouth, and she never said a word, but, I knew what she wanted.

Before her fingers even got to my lips, I'd opened my mouth and was ready to accept them. And when they arrived, I closed my lips around her digits and sucked them lustfully. Her slippery juices were warm and tasty as I sucked, but she pulled her fingers out after a short time and she put them right back inside her panties and began to rub herself. I looked over at the stove to check my water -- it wasn't boiling yet, but she and I were. Her fingers were working frantically in her pussy now, moving up and down her slit while her breathing became labored. She began to kiss my cockshaft and resumed rubbing my penis all over her face and mouth. It was an amazing thing to watch -- she was masturbating herself while she focused her attention on my cock.

She began to make soft moaning sounds and her hand seemed to freeze in position as she concentrated on her clit. Then as quick as the whole thing started, her body shuddered and she laid her head against my stomach, holding my straining erection next to her as she did.

Sharron pulled her hand out from between her legs and raised it to my lips. As they entered, I closed my eyes and sucked them again, this time reaching up with my own hand to hold hers there until I was done. You know, I hadn't even thought about my own pleasure, it was such a turn on to see her masturbate herself, especially the way she used my phallus as her suck toy while she did it.

The pasta water was boiling now, and when I turned to look at it, she sensed I needed to get back to my dinner preparations. She raised up from my cock and pulled her hand down from my face. In one fluid motion she grabbed the elastic waistband of the panties I was wearing and pulled it out from under my ball sack and then pulled it up. Seeing there was no way on Earth my cock was going to fit down inside the red silky panties, she arranged them with the top part of my erection sticking out, and then bent forward to kiss my cockhead tenderly. Giggling, she said, "Guess it's going to have to stay like that until you go down a little."

As I laughed, she pointed to the pot of boiling water and suggested I get back to our dinner. As I finished preparing, I couldn't help but think about the changes that had taken place between Sharron and I in the last several weeks. I was getting more 'fully satisfying sex' than at any time in my life. I was seeing a beautiful woman in skimpy attire, topless and naked -- and her sexuality seemed to be blossoming..... and I was a part of it.

I couldn't stop smiling when we finally sat down to eat. When she asked me what was so funny, I simply told her I was a little surprised at the way she cuddled my cock as she played with herself. "Better get used to it." She warned. "I'm going to be taking advantage of you more and more often if you traipse around dressed like that!"

We both laughed, even though I felt my face reddening as I blushed. I guess it was true -- maybe seeing me in her panties really did turn her on. I certainly wasn't going to complain.

I waited for her to bring up her secret, nasty desire as we ate dinner. We made small talk and she complimented me on the Salmon Pasta Salad I fixed for us, but when she didn't say anything about her little secret, I outright brought it up, myself.

"So," I began, "what's this really nasty thing you wanted to talk to me about?"

Sharron pushed her food around her plate with her fork as she glanced up at me. "First, you have to promise you won't get mad at me." She replied.

"Jeez. I promise I won't get mad, Sharron." I answered. But I should have waited to hear her out before I so quickly gave my promise.

"Okay," she said, "here goes. But, remember - you said you wouldn't get mad. Just hear me out before you say anything."

Now I was starting to get worried.

"I've been telling my friend Cheryl about our CFNM weekends." Sharron told me. "And she, uh, kinda wants to see for herself."

Now, I've met Cheryl several times over the years. Cheryl was Sharron's room mate in college and they were best friends for a long time. She moved to another town to take a new job a few years ago, but I knew they still kept in touch -- and Sharron has gone to visit her a bunch of times and Cheryl has been up to spend weekends with Sharron, too. She and Sharron are almost opposites, and I've always thought of Cheryl as something of a man-eater. She's cute; don't get me wrong, but not someone I would be interested in at all.

"Anyway," Sharron continued, "I was hoping you would be okay if Cheryl came to stay with me for a few days, and then one night you could come over and make dinner for us.... bring us drinks.... be our waiter.... maybe provide some entertainment. You know - that kind of stuff."

"Sharron," I replied, "I know how the two of you are when you guys get together, just how much have you told her? Everything?"

"No!" She exclaimed. "I would never do that!"

"Well what have you told her?" I asked.

Sharron told me she'd only told Cheryl that I'd been spending one weekend a month with her, adding that she'd explained everything to Cheryl all about the 'Clothed Female - Naked Male' part of it. She swore to me she hadn't told Cheryl about any of the really intimate things we'd talked about or done, but Sharron had been completely truthful with Cheryl about my complete nakedness and, unfortunately, all about my constant erections and masturbation. Apparently, Cheryl was more than just casually interested. She constantly pried Sharron for details about what went on while I was there, but Sharron told me we was very tight lipped about what we did.

As Sharron told me all of this, she added that she wasn't asking me to spend a weekend naked with her and Cheryl. It was only going to be one night while Cheryl was visiting. When I asked her what she meant by me 'providing some entertainment', she hesitated before she answered.

"Well, Brad, come on..... you know what I mean, don't you?" Sharron asked. Then, she continued explaining, saying, "You're going to be there naked. I'm sure you'll have a hard-on. We just want to see it and play with it. Maybe have you dance for us and let us do some things with you. You might even get lucky."

I almost choked. "Do some things to me?" I asked.

"Yeah," she said, "just some fun stuff, like maybe tying you up and letting us.... uh.... do things."

"Let me see if I've got this right." I answered. "You want me to come over and be naked in front of you and Cheryl, be your waiter, serve you dinner and drinks, dance in front of you, let the two of you tie me up and do anything you want to me? Is that about right?"

"Well, almost." She replied. "And Cheryl's sister, too. She wants to come."

Sharron explained that Cheryl had a shy sister who didn't have any experience with men. She didn't date and had no social life at all. Cheryl thought this would be a good way to shock her sister out of her shell. My jaw dropped when I found out this would include a third girl.

"Brad," Sharron added, "first of all, Cheryl hardly knows you and she doesn't even live here. Secondly, you'll only be here a few hours and I'll make sure things don't get too out of hand. Thirdly, you'll be doing her sister a favor. From what I heard, she's probably never even seen a real, live, hard cock in the flesh and for sure never seen one cum in front of her face. And if you'll do it, I give you my solemn word it will be worth it to you."

"What does that mean?" I asked.

"It means that you won't regret doing it. I promise you that." She answered.

The idea was shocking to me. Being naked, jacking off and cuming in front of Sharron was one thing. I trusted her and I got a lot of pleasure being with her during our CFNM weekends. But, this was something way beyond that. I would be on display, probably with an erection, all night. They would be looking, touching and talking about me and my cock.

"What do you have planned if I let you tie me up?" I asked.

"You just about hit the nail on the head already, Brad." She answered. "It's exactly what you said.... anything we want. You're going to be tied up and helpless. It's kind of exciting, don't you think?"

"Oh my gawd." I moaned.

"Don't worry," she added, "no one's going to hurt you or do anything to you that you won't like. Hey, you should feel honored and proud. You've kept yourself in good shape, you have a good looking body and your cock.... is, uh..... just magnificent, Brad. Come on.... will you do it for me? Pleeeeease?"

We cleared the dinner dishes away as we talked about it. She told me more of what she wanted to do, how she wanted me to act and how excited she was to think it might really happen. I have to admit, the way she explained it and the details she gave me made it all sound like a lot of fun. All I had to do was show up and be their naked man and let them play to their hearts content. She was right about one thing for sure -- I would probably never see Cheryl's sister again. As to Cheryl, I figured this was just the kind of thing that she would enjoy.

I agreed to do it, saying, "Okay, I'll do it. I'll go along with whatever you guys cook up, but I don't want to hear any condemnation or criticism from any of you -- not one word."

Sharron was so happy that she was jumping up and down and clapping. I enjoyed seeing her boobs jiggle as she jumped. Due to her excitement, her tiny panties got wedged up between pussy lips and I enjoyed seeing that, too. She saw me looking at her half exposed pussy and sauntered up to me, placing her arms around my neck and brushing her nipples across my chest. "Thanks, Brad." She said. "This will be so much fun. You'll see!"

Then, she pushed me down on my knees in front of her and took a step forward to close the distance between my face and her crotch. Her hands went to her waist and then she slowly lowered her panties to her knees and said, "This might be the last time you ever see me with pubic hair, Brad. Better take your last look now, 'cause in about three minutes, you're going to start shaving me and then we're gonna have sex all night."

"Are we going to have sex the night of your dinner party?" I asked.

"You mean with me?" Sharron giggled and then said, "We'll see, Brad. We'll see."

