
Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « The Reluctant Sir Index |   Bottom
Chapter 1
Posted: September 16, 2015 - 05:45:01 pm
Updated: June 14, 2016 - 03:23:22 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Thanks to the proofreading genius of Papakilo14, now with 99% fewer mistakes!

Joe tucked his rapidly shrinking cock back inside his trousers and zipped up, staring down at the raven-haired beauty who knelt at his feet. Though her head was still tilted down, he could see she was peering up at him through her long bangs and he was captivated by her eyes. In them he could see hope, a touch of fear and, most importantly, love.

He stroked her hair for a moment, and couldn’t help but smile as she rested her head on this thigh, almost purring.

“I’ll be home in a couple of hours, Marta. I can stop and pick up dinner on my way home, would you like that?”

Marta didn’t say a word, she never did, but Joe could feel her nod against his thigh and, with a small sigh, pulled away and left the house.

As his car pulled out of the drive, he still marveled at how he, a widowed geek, had come to have ... well, there was no other term for it, though it made him feel terribly guilty, a sex slave.

Thirty-five and widowed, he had lived alone since his wife had died two years before. A lonely college boy who had never even kissed a girl, he had been shocked, and honored, when his late wife and chosen him and announced that she was going to marry him, that he should resign himself to his fate with a smile.

Oh how he had smiled.

Cristy had been enrolled in the same college and they had met at the library. She had walked up to the table where Joe sat, his nose buried in his books, and sat down without a word, laying her own books out across from his. Joe hadn’t even realized she was there, at first, until she had slipped a sheet of paper over the top of the page he had been reading.

Startled, he looked up owlishly, first at the radiant smile of the girl across from him, then rapidly scanning the room to see just who she was smiling at in the first place.

Confused, he looked down at the errant piece of paper and only then noticed the writing.

“My name is Cristy, and I think I would like to get to know you.”

Joe read the note. Then he read it again, glanced at the beautiful face, and read the note a third time.

“Um...” he started, his eyes flicking from the note to Cristy’s face, and back again. “I think you ... er ... dropped this?” he finished on a high note, as if not sure whether he was asking her or telling her.

“Oh no,” Cristy replied, her smile becoming, impossibly, even brighter, “I most carefully set it there in front of you, certain that you were not going to introduce yourself. You seemed most intent on your book.”

Joe, quite honestly, was dumbfounded. Again he scanned the room, certain that this was some kind of prank. It was a joke being played on him by his fellow students, none of whom he counted as friends.

Joe had faced his fair share of bullies and pranks in high school, and had hoped he had left all of that behind him when he entered college. Still, there was a chance he was wrong, and it never paid to be discourteous. He screwed up his courage and tried to sound as nonchalant as possible

“Hello Cristy, my name is Joe Morgan. I am very pleased to meet you. I hope you will excuse my bad manners, I was quite involved with my studies. I am, well, I am not used to being approached by beautiful women and I find myself at a loss.”

Joe studied Cristy’s expression as he spoke, hoping for some sign to indicate if she was buying his act. He was stunned when Cristy cocked her head slightly, winked at him and grinned.

“That’s quite all right, my dear fellow,” she began, recognizing Joe’s bravado for what it was, “I simply had to meet you. You see, mother told me that college was the perfect place for a well brought up young lady to find a husband. When I saw you sitting there, studying so assiduously, I thought to myself, “There is a handsome fellow who is serious about getting ahead.” and I plucked up my courage and came straight over.”

Joe, goggle-eyed, his jaw hanging open, felt himself start to grin, and it quickly turned into a giggle, then an outright laugh.

Cristy, losing her battle to keep a straight face, laughed just as hard and reached across the table, grabbing Joe’s hand and shaking it vigorously.

When the laughter died, Joe looked in wonder at his hand, still being held lightly by the blond beauty across from him, and was smitten.

Joe and Cristy became an instant item and stayed that way all through college. It was only a couple of months into their relationship when Cristy had given him ‘The Speech’ (it had always been so, capitalized and bold, in his memory) about marriage.

“Joe Morgan, listen closely to me. I love you with all my heart, and I am going to marry you. You might as well just smile and enjoy it because you haven’t any choice in the matter. Now that we have that straight, I am so very tired of waiting and I want you. Now.”

Cristy had taken Joe’s hand and pulled him to her bed and given him her virginity that night, taking his in the process.

They married a week after graduation, attended by a few close friends and Cristy’s family. Joe was an orphan, his parents had passed away when he was a teen and he was estranged from his more distant relatives, so he felt doubly blessed by the warm embrace of Cristy’s relatives.

They had been very much in love, and he was absolutely devastated when, less than 10 years later, Cristy had been diagnosed with cervical cancer and withered away in less than a year.

Joe was almost inconsolable and practically locked himself away in the house they had built, wandering from room to room, his gaze passing over the photos and mementos of their too short time together.

They had no children, in hindsight he supposed the cancer was probably the reason, and he credited Cristy’s family with saving him from himself. He had, once he had laid his wife to rest, given serious consideration to taking his own life.

Her relatives, who loved Joe as much as Cristy had, saw his pain and made sure that there was always someone there to look after him.

It took a year and a half for Joe to lift his head, bury his pain and start to live again. He spend a solid month packing away Cristy’s things, donating most of them. He stored away their mementos, their shared treasures and all but one of their photographs.

He kept a single picture of Cristy, one he had taken himself on their honeymoon. In it, Cristy was smiling, her eyes sparkling, the wind ruffling her golden locks as she stared out at the ocean. It was, in his mind, the perfect image of the woman he wanted to remember.

As time passed, Joe buried himself in his work. He took a position with his firm that allowed him to work at home and remodeled part of the house. He built himself a high-tech office in the room that had, originally, been planned as a nursery and there he spent most of his days and evening.

His only real contacts with the outside world were over his phone and computer. He was an active member of several web-based communities and hobbies, and of course he was on the phone all day with his work colleagues. The only times he left his house were to run errands and to visit his in-laws.

Joe would make it a point to, at least once a week, visit Cristy’s relatives. They loved him and were a tangible link to his late wife. In return, he loved them back and made sure that he was available whenever they needed something.

His sister-in-law lived with her aging mother and he was the go-to guy for leaky faucets, squeaking hinges, hanging pictures and other domestic chores normally assigned to the man of the house. It made Joe feel useful and he loved puttering around their home. His mother-in-law, completely unlike the stereotype one usually associates with the title, was a wonderful woman who doted on him.

It all started three months ago, Joe had been hard at work, trying to find a bug in some code he had been writing, when his office phone rang. He answered it distractedly, thinking it was a work call.

“Joe Morgan, Fields & Pierce Consulting. May I help you?”

“Joe, it’s Jackie. Can you come over this evening?”

Jacquiline was his sister-in-law and Cristy’s older sister. A vivacious spinster and lifelong lesbian who looked after her mother, she had never been interested in marriage and never failed to have a lover, or three, on the hook at any one time. She was a larger than life character, and a wonderful, caring woman.

“Sure Jackie, no problem. Is it that faucet in the outside bathroom again?”

Jackie’s house had a small pool in the back yard and she had installed a bathroom, accessible from the outside for guests, so they wouldn’t have to track water across her living room. The faucet had sprung a leak the week before and Joe had stopped by to fix it, though he had told her she would need to replace it soon.

“No, Joe, it’s something else, but I really need you to come over this evening. I don’t want to talk about it on the phone. Sorry for sounding mysterious, but you will see when you get here.”

“No problem, I’ll stop by about 6, ok?”

“Thanks Joe, you are a doll! I will see you then. Plan on staying for dinner, Mom is making Lasagna!”

Joe was still hard at work, chasing that elusive bug in his code when 5:30 rolled around, but he set it all aside and shut down for the day. A quick shower, some respectable clothes (he loved working in shorts, a t-shirt and flip-flops) and he was out the door with time to spare.

Jackie and her mother lived about ten miles away, in a reclaimed and revitalized neighborhood that was the known for its bohemian residents. Artists and musicians, dreamers, schemers and, inevitably, the hip place for the LGBT crowd. Even with evening traffic, he was at the door five minutes early.

“Joe!” Jackie gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “Thanks for coming over. Can I get you something to drink?”

Joe just shook his head and walked over to his mother-in-law, giving her a kiss on the cheek as well, then flopped down on the couch.

“No, I am ok. I’ll wait until dinner”

Jackie sat down on a chair across the small coffee table from Joe and her face was unusually grave.

“Look Joe, I have a favor to ask and it’s a big one. It’s kind of unusual too, so hear me out first then I will try to answer your questions.” She sat for a moment, obviously gathering her thoughts and then continued.

“You know that I do volunteer work at the shelter, right?” Jackie looked up, waiting for his response. She spent several hours each week as a volunteer counselor at a Womens’ shelter in the city. The shelter was a place for battered, abused and at-risk women, somewhere they could stay and feel safe. They would get medical care, professional counseling, job training and even assistance in hiding if the situation warranted.

Joe nodded, not saying anything, wondering where she was going with this.

“There is a young lady named Marta who was brought in by the police department. They were concerned that she had been raped or abused, and that she really belonged in a psych ward, but there were no available beds at the county hospital. You know how strapped they are for funding these days.”

“Anyway, they brought her to us, but just being in the shelter made things worse for her. She went almost catatonic, weeping and curling up in the fetal position on the lobby floor. She would start shaking if any of the nurses so much as touched her. It was very puzzling, and the female police officers who brought her to us confirmed that she had the same reaction to them.”

“Funny enough, it was the UPS guy that helped us figure out, at least partially, what the problem might be. He showed up, waited outside like he always does since he knows what we do and knows he is less threatening on the far side of the security doors. When Marta saw him, she starting crawling toward him, almost mewling like a little child.”

Joe stared at Jackie, shocked at what he was hearing, and saw tears rolling down her cheeks.

“Joe, we brought in Dr. Wallace, who looks like Santa Clause, or what Santa would look like if he were a dwarf since he is maybe five feet tall. Marta latched on to him like a limpet and only a shot of tranquilizer got her relaxed enough to sleep. He moved her to a private facility and, over the last few weeks, he has come up with a theory, though it can’t have been easy. Joe, she doesn’t talk. Not a single word in almost a month. She can talk, her vocal cords work, but she doesn’t.”

Joe could see the pain and shock in Jackie’s face as she recalled the memories. He kept silent, just nodding to encourage her to continue.

“Dr. Wallace thinks that she has been abused, but by women. Mother, sister, aunt, something like that. She had several medical issues when she arrived, malnutrition and dehydration the most serious. She had lice, rope burns on her wrists and ankles, cigarette burns on her arms and legs, and even on her breasts. Someone tortured that poor girl and he is convinced that it was a woman, or a group of women.”

“Marta is getting better, but the private facility is pushing to get that bed space back for a paying client. There is simply no way she can go to the shelter, surrounded by women. She would relapse and might never recover. She need a quiet, stable place to heal, to let her relax, and it has to be free of women.”

Joe looked at Jackie, shocked and dismayed. He could see it coming, and he was almost speechless.

“You can’t mean...”

“Joe, we know you. We know what a good, kind and honest man you are. If this was a year ago, we would never even have thought about it, but you have had some time to heal and I know you can do this. When I described you, and your situation, to Dr. Wallace, he thought it was a great idea.”

“You live alone in that big old house. You are quiet, thoughtful and kind, and she needs that. She needs you, Joe. Not to be a father, or brother or even a lover, but to be a supportive friend.”

“This is an insane idea, Jackie!” Joe sputtered, floored that she would even suggest such a thing.

“You said you would hear me out and I am not finished.” Jackie continued, holding his gaze until she could see him relent.

“Marta needs a place to be. A place to feel safe, a place to discover who she is. Joe, they had to teach her to tie shoelaces, for god’s sake! She’s nineteen years old and she could hardly dress herself.”

“When we, the Doctor and I, were discussing her with the other councilors and he laid out the requirements, you came to mind. I didn’t volunteer you, in fact I didn’t say a word. I went home and chewed it over, tried to consider every angle, lost a lot of sleep before I came to the conclusion that it would be good for her, and good for you.”

Jackie saw the wounded look in his eye and knew he was offended by the very notion of another woman in the house he had shared with Cristy. She also saw the confusion, and she knew his next objection before he even spoke.

“What do I know about a damaged teenager? How am I supposed to help her when not that long ago I couldn’t help myself.” He paused for a moment, his voice dropping to almost a whisper. “How can you ask me to bring a woman...” his voice trailed off and he stared at his feet.

Jackie reached across and tapped Joe on the knee, and when he looked up, “Joe, think about it, ok? Christy gave her time at the clinic too, and she cared deeply about the women we help there. What would she want you to do?”

Jackie sat back and waited, watching as Joe’s internal struggle played out across from her. His thoughts were written in his expressions, in the tension of his shoulders and the white knuckled fingers gripping his knee.

Jackie loved Joe with no reservations. If she had had even the slightest interest in men as other than friends, she might have ... well, it didn’t matter. She knew that she was the wrong person for him, and fooling herself would have led to even more heartache in his life.

She had known from an early age that men were creatures of hard angles, flat planes, straight lines and barriers. They fascinatingly complex and simple, all at once, and she knew in her soul that they were not for her. She wanted soft curves, yielding surfaces, open boundaries and the intimacy that only another woman could provide.

Still, as much as she missed Cristy, and every day she seemed to miss her more, she loved Joe. She had been there to hold him when her sister had died, seen the torment in his eyes and known with every fiber of her being that he was a man riding the ragged edge. She saw how close he had come and she had vowed then to do what her sister would have wanted, save him.

Joe was a rangy six footer, a touch heavy, but he had the frame to carry a few extra pounds and make it look good. He had started going bald early but had zero vanity and had simply shaved his head ... and he made that look good too. He should be out there by now, looking for someone to fill the hole in his life.

Instead, she had been watching as he withdrew from the world, living inside his house and only leaving for supplies, or to come to her aid.

Hell, it had taken her almost an hour to figure out how to break that damn faucet in the outside bathroom, all to give him something to do!

This might be just the ticket for him. No, not as a romance match, Marta surely didn’t need that and Joe didn’t need damaged goods. But caring for someone, stepping outside himself to do for another human being, having a woman in the house in any capacity, couldn’t help but be good for him.

“Joe, you do not need to make a decision tonight, I just want you to think about it. Consider it.” Jackie stood and grabbed his hand, pulled him up from the couch and pointed him towards the kitchen.

Her mother had been sitting at the counter, watching and listening. She nodded at Jackie, and winked. Feed a man, pamper him a bit and even the biggest problems could be worked out.

Joe didn’t remember the drive home and he crawled into bed, his mind still awhirl with the monumental task that had been asked of him. He lay there for a long time before sleep came.

The morning sun, streaming through the blinds on his bedroom window brought him awake. Stretching and yawning, he padded to the bathroom and started the shower, determined to not think about last night until he had some coffee and maybe some food in his belly.

Joe stopped in front of the mirror and examined himself, looking into his own eyes and asking ... Could I? Should I? He knew that Cristy would have urged him to help, but she was gone and he was alone. He didn’t know if he could deal with another person in the house he had had all to himself for so long.

A long, hot shower, several cups of coffee and a bowl of cereal later, he didn’t have an answer.

As Joe sat down at his desk and tried to work, his mind kept worrying the problem until he threw his hands up in exasperation. Switching from his work station to his home station, he starting searching the web for information. Teens, young women, victims of abuse, treatment and care. He needed information to make an informed decision.

Hours passed and he found himself fascinated by the flood of data available. Joe read and read and when he finally sat back, he knew that he had already decided and was dithering. He knew he had to help, but he was still afraid.

Sighing, he stood and stretched the kinks out before reaching for the phone.

“Jackie? I’ll do it. I don’t know how, and I am still not at all comfortable with any of this, but I am willing to help.”

Joe was scheduled to meet with Dr. Wallace, Jackie and Marta on Saturday, just two days from now. He had a lot to do before then.

First things first, he had to make some changes around the house. He wandered from room to room, cleaning and picking up the detritusc of bachelorhood. Forgotten books on tables, a stray sock that had somehow found its way under the bar, his work boots in the spare bathroom.

He cleared his winter clothes out of the bureau in the spare bedroom, took the half-dozen boxes of ‘stuff’ he had put in the closet and moved them to the garage. He changed the sheets, opened windows to air the place out and added towels and assorted supplies to the bath. A hundred little things that Cristy used to take care of, and that he had let slide.

The spare bedroom had been a project for his late wife. She had wanted a room to decorate by herself, from ceiling to floor. It was a quintessentially girly bedroom with soft pastel paint, 50’s era repop furniture and decorations. It even had a neon-circled clock on the wall that had once hung in a local bowling alley.

To all of this, Joe added some modern conveniences. A flat screen TV for the wall and a DVR for the cable service and a new phone he would have connected to a separate line. The guest bath was right next door, though not en suite like the master bedroom and the only other rooms on this side of the house were his exercise room and the laundry. His bedroom and his office were on the far side of the house.

She would have all the privacy she wanted.

When Joe had started working from home, he knew he would need a way to stay active or end up looking like Jabba the Hut. He had cleaned out Cristy’s office and turned it into a little gym. There was a treadmill facing a flatscreen on the wall, an exercise bike, a stair-stepper and even a small situp bench with some dumbells. Mirrors along one wall finished the look and he took the time to make sure everything was ship shape and working smoothly.

Joe’s next tasks were simpler but he had to make several stops. First to the pharmacy for a new toothbrush, toothpaste, combs, brushes, a makeup mirror and so on. His towels and washcloths were plain white so he didn’t need much in the way of linens, but he did stop by the hardware store and bought a keyed entry set for the spare room. He wanted her to be able to secure her space if she felt the need.

Once he had it installed, all he had to do was wait.

And worry.

On the fateful Saturdy, Joe met Jackie at Dr. Wallace’s office and got a very thorough briefing on what he might expect. Since Marta still wasn’t talking, they couldn’t really be sure of anything. She would communicate with nods, shakes of the head and shrugs. Non-verbal cues helped, but real communication would be needed to make therapeutic progress.

For now, Joe was just to take things day by day. Be a strong, supportive presence and help her to feel safe. She was prone to crying jags and despondency, and the doctor gave him some tips on how to distract her, chivvy her out of her depression.

Joe explained how he had prepared her a space of her own, complete with privacy and a locking door, and was pleased when the doctor congratulated him on forsight.

“One thing that we need to discuss, Joe.” The doctor looked grave, and held Joe’s gaze.

“From what I have seen of you, and what Jackie has told me, I am sure that this is not going to be an issue, but I would be remiss if I did not at least address the elephant in the room. This is a fragile young lady who had obviously been through some severe trauma. She may act out in some non-obvious ways and that may include a sexual component.”

“It is not unusual for an abused person to seek out a savior and project emotions onto that person. They may become infatuated, or they could even feel that such behavior is needed to keep the person near them. Please don’t take offense when I say this, but I don’t want you to be that person.”

“Eventually, when she is healthier and happier, I would be overjoyed if she were to fall in love, and do things normal girls of her age would do, but she is a long way from ready today. Just be there for her, be a father figure if needed. Provide her with structure and, as paradoxical as it may sound, as little stress as possible.”

Joe nodded to show his understanding, but couldn’t help feel just a little offended. He wouldn’t dream of taking advantage of a girl in Marta’s position. He knew the doctor was just doing his job, but damn it, Joe had integrity too!

From the Doctor’s office to the private facility where Marta had been staying took only long enough for Joe to get nervous again.

He followed Wallace and Jackie into the lobby, and waited while the doctor fetched his charge. Wallace returned shortly, leading a tiny, painfully thin girl by the hand and carrying a small valise in the other.

Marta was all of five feet tall and if she weighed more than 90lbs, Joe would eat his own boot. Even through the opaque blouse she wore, Joe could tell that her ribs were painfully evident, and her joints almost seemed to big for the limbs to which they were attached.

Her hair was raven black, but lank and stringy, hanging down to her shoulders in back with long bangs obscuring her face in front. He could just see a glint, as if she was carefully peering through her bangs, using them as a barrier between her and the world around her.

She shuffled behind the doctor, her feet never rising higher than absolutely needed to move forward. She wore a pair of plain, leather sandals and Joe could see that her toenails, and her fingernails, were chipped and chewed.

Jackie moved quietly over to the side and kept her gaze on the windows, almost afraid to breathe in case it scared the girl. Joe, on the other hand, stepped slowly forward and stood slightly more than arms length away.

“Marta, I am Joe, and it’s really nice to meet you. Doctor Wallace told you I was coming to see you?”

The waif of a girl looked first to Wallace, as if seeking permission, then, eyes cast toward the ground, her head bent, slowly nodded at Joe.

“Marta, Doctor Wallace thought that we could be friends, that maybe we could help each other. See, I live all by myself in this big house and it gets a little lonely there. I was told that you need a place to stay, and I was thinking that you might like to come and help keep that big place from feeling so empty.”

Joe waited, but Marta didn’t move. She gave no indication that she had even heard a word he had said. He pressed on anyway.

“You would have your own bedroom, and your own bathroom, and as much space and privacy as you could want. You even get your own TV and your own telephone. Does that sound like something you might like?” Joe was starting to worry that she wouldn’t respond at all, and that his trip here was doomed.

He was immensely gratified to see that Marta had nodded, just once, but it was definite.

“Would you like to come home with me? I won’t make you, you know. It is completely up to you.”

Marta looked at Doctor Wallace again, but his face was placid and unconcerned, evincing neither approval nor disapproval, just polite interest.

Marta seemed to freeze for a moment, then nodded a Joe again before shrinking back a bit, as if she feared she had been too forward.

Wallace stepped forward and, because he still lightly held Marta’s hand, encouraged her to step up as well. He handed Joe the bag he carried, then he placed her thin hand into Joe’s, then stepped aside.

Joe had never felt so afraid of his own strength before. Her fingers were cool, and so very, very thin that he was afraid the slightest touch would break something. Applying just the tiniest bit of pressure, he moved his, and her, hand toward the door. It was more of an invitation than it was a tug, and Marta accepted.

Marta looked back only once, and Doctor Wallace smiled at her.

“We will see each other again soon, my dear. I will ask Joe to bring you to see me in a couple of weeks, after you have settled in. We still have a lot to talk about, you and I.”

Without acknowledging the doctors comment, Marta turned and followed Joe out the door.

Once Marta was safely ensconced in the passenger seat, she immediately locked her door and seemed to slump, a lot of the tension leaving her body in a whoosh of air.

Joe noticed and took note, but didn’t say anything until they were on the road.

“So...” he temporized, searching for a safe topic. “It’s only about a 30 minute drive home,” he paused, wondering if that was the right word to use, “Are you hungry? Thirsty? We could stop and get something to eat.”

He watched Marta in the corner of his eye, his attention mostly on the road. He saw her twitch and lean forward a bit at the mention of food, then turn slightly away, her gaze taking in the passing scenery. His mind churning, he though she wanted the food, but didn’t want to stop. That she locked the door as soon as she was seated spoke volumes, he just hoped he was translating correctly.

“Tell you what, let’s not stop anywhere, we can just use the drive-through and not have to leave the car.” He had to hide a grin as he watched the girl. She had tensed again when he started speaking, but had actually turned toward him, just a bit, when he said they could stay in the car.

He could see a bit more of her face from this angle, and he thought she might actually be cute with a few more pounds on her lean frame, filling out her hollow cheeks.

Ordering food at the drive-through was a process all on its own. He read through the menu, trying to guage her desire by her reactions.

“Chicken sandwich, Hamburger, Cheeseburger...” Ah ... that was the ticket, a cheeseburger. She had twitched, just a bit. He ordered some fries and a strawberry shake to go with the burger, and tried not to stare as she tore in to the bag before they were even out of the parking lot.

“Marta, we’re home.” Joe reached out, not quite touching the girl’s arm as he rolled to a stop in his driveway. After devouring her meal, she had simply curled up and appeared to drop off into sleep.

Awake now, Marta was looking around his yard, and taking in the sight of her new home.

Joe and Cristy had purchased a large, five acre lot on the edge of town and built their home smack dab in the middle. It offered a lot of privacy and a good view of the surrounding forest through every window. Towering oaks in the front and rear yards provided plenty of shade in the summer months and a picturesque view during the winters.

The house itself was a rambling ranch-style home, with kitchen, laundry and guest spaces on the far left. The living area, family room and dining room were central to the structure and the master bedroom and his office took up the right third.

Behind the house was a large four-car garage with a bonus room above. The garage held his ‘toys’, a 69 Chevelle and a pair of motorcycles, as well as the overflow from the house. Like every other family in the world, they had accumulated things that were too good to throw away, but not dear enough to keep inside, a dichotomy that had always tickled Joe’s sense of the ridiculous.

Marta seemed content to sit right where she was, taking in the scenery. She made no move to unbuckle her seatbelt or unlock the door. Joe reached over, slowly, and hit the release for her belt with his right hand while thumbing the door lock control with his left.

“Let’s go inside and I will give you the tour, ok?”

Marta didn’t respond, but did climb out of the car and, moving faster than he had seen her move thus far, scurried around the car to stand behind and slightly to the right of him. Joe motioned her forward, indicating that she should walk with him, but she just stood there, waiting.

Shaking his head, he began to walk slowly towards the front door, aware that she was following closely, almost as if she were a retreiver, heeling at her owners side. The thought was disconcerting.

Inside the house, Joe started on the right where his office and bedroom lay, pointing out each doorway and explaining the purpose of each room as he passed.

“That’s my office. I spend most of my days in there working. You are welcome to come in any time I am in there, but you will have to be quiet if I am on the phone, ok?” Joe couldn’t help but wonder if that would ever be a real issue.

“Next is my room, where I sleep. Over here to the left is the family room, and you are welcome to use anything you see, any time you like. I want you to feel like this is your home too. Next is the dining room and the kitchen.” He paced slowly through the rooms, feeling slightly foolish as she followed silently.

“The bar is, I am afraid, off limits for now. You aren’t really old enough to be drinking and I think you need to get healthy again before we add things like that to your diet, eh? The kitchen is, of course, yours to do with what you will. There is plenty of fresh food in the refridgerator and the pantry is stocked. Help yourself to anything you want. There are sodas, and bottled water, though I can get you anything you need if you want something different.”

Still no reaction...

“Next is the laundry room. If you don’t know how to use the machines, I would be happy to teach you. For now, just put your dirty clothes in the hamper and I will take care of the rest.” Moving down the long hall, he ushered her into the guest bath.

“This is your bathroom. If you like, we can make it your private bath and if we have visitors, I will let them use mine. I want you to feel like this part of the house is your private apartment, ok?” Joe paused, searching for a reaction from the girl. He could see her eyes darting back and forth, taking it all in, but she remained silent.

“Last, but not least, is your bedroom.” Joe removed a pair of keys from his pocket and used them to unlock the door. Then reaching out, he dangled the keys in front of her. “These are your keys. You will have the only set. You can lock your door from the inside and no one can get in unless you let them. You can keep it locked all of the time, if you like. It is your space, understood?”

Marta stood, her head bent but her eyes sneaking peeks at his face through her long bangs. She made no move to take the keys from his hand, and seemed to shrink back a bit.

Joe watched silently, waiting to see what she would do, unsure why she was so uncomfortable with the idea. Smiling slightly, so that Marta would see he was not upset or even displeased, he opened the door and stepped into her room, laying the keys on her dresser.

“You have plenty of storage space. I cleared out the dresser and the closet, and as soon as you feel up to it, we will go shopping and get you some new clothes, ok? I know that little bag you came with can’t hold much. Your TV has a DVR, a digital video recorder, and if you need any help figuring it out, just let me know. There is also a set of bluetooth headphones so you can watch TV as late and as loud as you want.”

Joe decided that she needed some space, so he told her he had a bit of work to do in his office, and she should feel free to make herself at home. Wander around if she wanted, or watch some TV, get a snack, even explore the yard.

Joe retired, or maybe retreated, to his office and tried to work for a couple of hours. He could see Marta through the open door, sitting in the living room, curled up on the couch and staring out the window. When he would leave his office, he could feel her eyes follow him, though as far as he could tell she never changed position. With the open floor plan she didn’t have to move to watch him as he traipsed back and forth.

This set the scene for the rest of the day. She would sit, silent and watchful, and always where she could see Joe as he moved around the house. When he made dinner, a light salad and some fresh fruit, she ate standing at the kitchen counter, ignoring his offer of a seat at the table. The rest of the day she just watched.

As silent as a mouse.

The next morning, Joe woke before the sun came up and lay silently, staring at the ceiling, listening for some sign that Marta was awake. The previous night, he’d had to almost herd her into her room, pulling back the covers and telling her to get a good night’s rest. He had felt her eyes on him as he left, and it had taken him a long time to finally get to sleep.

Wondering what the day would bring, he let out a big sigh and sat up, swinging his legs over the side. His feet touched something and he had no memory of levitating over to the far side of the bed, placing the mattress between him and whatever it was he had touched.

Over the edge of the mattress and piled linen, a head slowly appeared. The dark eyes, behind a hank of dark hair met his momentarily and the head quickly disappeared again, back below his sight line.

Marta.

Skirting the bed, he could see that she was kneeling on the floor beside his bed, bent at the waist with her head almost touching her knees and facing away from him. She didn’t move, just sat there and he could see a shiver as it traced its way across her spare frame.

Cold or scared?

It was only then that Joe remembered he was naked. He hated sleeping in clothes and he hadn’t though, when he closed his bedroom door the night before, that he would have to change that. He snatched the top sheet off the bed and wrapped it around himself, blushing in embarrassment at what the girl must think.

He took a deep breath and held it for a moment, willing his racing heart to slow down, then knelt down beside Marta, touching her lightly on the shoulder with a single finger.

“Marta, why are you in my room? Did you wake up early?” A slight twitch of her head indicated a negative.

“You didn’t sleep here, did you?” he asked, aghast at the thought of the poor girl sleeping on the hard tile floor. Marta seemed to shrink further into herself, her forehead now resting almost touching the floor.

“Oh my.” Joe didn’t know what to think. “Don’t you like your room? The bed has to be a lot more comfortable than the hard floor.”

No response from Marta, not even a twitch.

“Were you afraid? Lonely? Look, honey ... it’s ok, I am not angry with you, I just feel bad about you sleeping on the cold floor. I want you to feel comfortable here, and safe.”

Marta unbent, just a little, but it was enough to see that she had been afraid of his reaction, terrified even.

Joe felt ashamed, even knowing that he had done nothing to provoke that reaction in the girl, but ashamed nonetheless. He hated that this poor girl was so timid, so beat down that even something as simple as this was enough to make her feel like that.

Joe slowly, carefully, laid his hand on her thin shoulder, just letting it rest there for a moment. “Come on Marta, sit here on the bed. I just need to put some clothes on, and then we’ll make coffe, have some breakfast, ok?”

Marta rose slowly, her eyes still on the ground, and sat gingerly on the very edge of the mattress. Her whole body was tense, as though poised for flight, and Joe retreated. Grabbing some shorts and a t-shirt from his dresser, he fled into his bathroom, sliding the door shut behind him.

After breakfast, Joe turned on the TV and made a bit of a production of changing channels, looking for a show to watch. He made sure that each of his movements, each control on the remote was visible to Marta. He felt kind of foolish, but if she had really been a prisoner, trapped in some hellish place, then she may not know what seemed to be instinctual in kids today.

Settling on the cartoon channel, for lack of any input from Marta, he set the remote next to her knee on the couch and went into his office.

As he sat down, his eye was drawn to something out of place on his desk.

A set of keys. Marta’s keys.

Joe sat and stared at them for a while, almost as if he were waiting for them to do something, to move on their own. He wasn’t sure what to make of it all. Marta had obviously placed them on his desk last night, after he had gone to bed, but what was the significance?

Did she want him to control access to her room? Was she afraid of what locking the door meant, of solitude? His discovery of her by his bed this morning seemed to track with that last thought, and he wondered if he was right. She had been a prisoner, after all, degraded, abused and tortured by her captors. Maybe she didn’t want to be confined to a room, alone with her thoughts and memories.

Joe made a decision, and called his boss. He had not taken a day off since his wife had died, and was had a lot of vacation time accrued. He would take a couple of weeks off, and get to know his new ward.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Next Page
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « The Reluctant Sir Index |   Bottom
Chapter 1
Posted: September 16, 2015 - 05:45:01 pm
Updated: June 14, 2016 - 03:23:22 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

The following weeks flowed by and Marta seemed to grow more more comfortable with Joe. She would follow him around the house, yard and to the garage, watching silently as he puttered. She even began to participate, a bit.

When he would sort laundry, Marta would join in, handing him the dark or light clothes he needed for his current wash load. When he did dishes after a meal, Marta would dry and put them away, and he even found her with a broom in hand, sweeping up some crumbs that had fallen to the kitchen floor. It seemed that the only times they were separated were when she would use the restroom or the shower.

Two issues arose that left Joe feeling out of sorts.

Marta absolutely refused to sleep alone in her room, and after three mornings in a row of finding her on the floor, he had put his foot down.

“Marta, I cannot let you sleep on the cold tile! You make me feel guilty.” Joe almost bit his tongue, knowing that it was the wrong thing to say the moment it was out of his mouth. He could see her shrink into herself and begin to shake.

Joe laid his hand on her shoulder, and then his arm, hugging her to him and holding his breath while he waited to see how she would react. Marta stiffened at first, then laid her head on his chest, hesitantly, as if afraid of the consequences.

Joe gave her a little squeeze, then using the arm around her shoulders, urged her to stand, then sit on the bed. Thankfully, he was dressed, as he had decided that discretion was the buzzword and had slept in his gym shorts.

“Marta, I can’t make you sleep in your own bed, and I wouldn’t force you to in any case. I really do want what is best for you, and I want you to be happy.” He paused, trying to judge her reaction.

“If you insist on sleeping in here, would you at least sleep on the bed? I promise that I will stay on my side, and this king-size bed is plenty large enough for both of us.” Joe was certain that having Marta in his bed was the absolutely wrong thing to do, but he was out of ideas. He couldn’t have her sleeping on the floor like a dog and she was determined not to sleep in her room. At least with her on the bed, he wouldn’t be stepping on her in the morning and, frankly, he wouldn’t feel as guilty.

Marta seemed to freeze for a moment, then slowly nodded. The movement was small, and hesitant, but was unmistakable. From that day forward, she would crawl into bed, always curling up into a little ball on the far side of the mattress, and tucking the blanket up under her chin. Joe would wake in the morning, finding her exactly the same.

The other issue, though of lesser import, was that she absolutely refused to be in a room with the door closed, and that included the bathroom. Joe could clearly hear, well, everything as she attended to her business or took her daily shower. It was an odd, almost voyeuristic feeling that Joe wasn’t sure he disliked, and that added to his feelings of guilt.

As the days passed into weeks, and the weeks became months, the two developed a routine that was rarely varied. Once a week they would go to the grocery store, and run errands as needed. Marta seemed to take a quiet pleasure in actually choosing items to place in their shared shopping cart. At first hesitant, over time she started to show initiative, choosing a few items on her own.

Joe never said a word, letting her choose freely. He was just happy to see her coming out of her shell a little, though she remained steadfastly silent.

They even took a trip to a department store to shop for clothes, though Joe avoided the mall as possibly too overwhelming for Marta. She was diffident, not withdrawn, exactly, but unable or unwilling to choose clothes on her own. She would watch as Joe offered up piece after piece, never indicating one way or another her preference.

Joe chose outfits that he thought would flatter her, hoping that she would eventually be secure enough to choose her own. He did have a hard time when it came to undergarments though, embarrassed despite himself when he couldn’t stop his mind from picturing the girl wearing the items. It just didn’t seem right.

Marta had been living with Joe for almost two months when things started to change. Early on, he had set up a series of appointments so she could work with Dr. Wallace, receive counseling, but when it came time to actually leave the house for her appointments, she would become withdrawn again. After the first appointment, it took several days for her to return to her ‘normal’ self again.

When the day of the second appointment arrived, Marta actually shook her head emphatically, and knelt down by the door, almost begging not to be forced to go. Joe didn’t have the heart to make her, and he cancelled. In fact, he ended up cancelling all of her future appointments after a long talk with her therapist, postponing her treatment until some future, undefined date when she was more ready.

What really caused Joe the most problem was that Marta was slowly filling out, gaining weight in the right places and looking healthier than ever. She ate and showered regularly, attending to her appearance with more and more vigor. Her raven hair now shined and flowed beautifully, and she was actually parting it, allowing her face to show.

She never actually looked him in the eye, but he could sometimes catch her watching him. Their eyes would meet, briefly, and she would blush, lowering her eyes and her head, but not turning away. Joe thought it was a good sign, but held out hope that she would not be so shy some day.

That she was healthier and happier was not the problem, her way of showing it was. She surprised him one morning by dressing in a pair of shorts he had bought her for use in the exercise room. She had ignored them completely for many weeks, always wearing garments that covered her from head to toe.

When Joe had come out of the bathroom after his morning shower, she was standing by the bedroom door, dressed in shorts and a t-shirt. The clothes were perfectly decent, dowdy even when you considered what most teenage girls wore these days, but it was far less than he had ever seen her wear before and he felt a stirring in his groin.

He could no more control the rush of lust he felt than he could have turned night into day or held back the tides. He blushed, his feeling of lust and guilt intermingled, leaving him breathless as he rudely stared.

Marta seemed to flush, then take a step back as though to flee. He could see her hesitate, then turn back to face him again. She was shaking like a leaf, and blushing from head to toe, but she stood her ground, waiting as she always did for him to head to the kitchen.

Joe couldn’t see her eyes, but he knew she was watching, waiting for a reaction. He held his hands in front of his groin, as casually as he could, and tried to gather his wits.

“Marta, you look lovely this morning. I am so glad to see that you are gaining back some of your muscle tone. It looks good on you!” He didn’t mention her outfit directly, not wanting to make her feel any more self-conscious and, frankly, not wanting to make her think he was staring.

The shorts became her usual outfit for around the house, and Joe was forced to make a special trip to the store to buy more. She would wear her only pair, then wash them by hand so she could wear them again the next day, and that just wouldn’t do. Joe bought her several sets, and t-shirts to go with them.

The next shock, the one that made Joe really take stock, happened a week later.

When Joe stepped out of the shower, Marta was sitting silently on the toilet, and she had obviously been watching him shower. That was bad enough, but Joe had been feeling more and more frustrated recently.

In the last couple of years of bachelorhood, Joe had masturbated infrequently, but never really considered consequences to his sex drive of having a house mate. Since Marta followed him, a constant companion throughout the day, Joe had begun ‘taking care of business‘ as part of his morning shower, when the urge hit.

This morning he had awoken with a raging hardon, and had scurried to the bathroom before Marta woke. He had been masturbating in the shower and the image in his mind as he shot his wad on the shower wall was of Marta. Yesterday, she had been helping him clean the house, and his eye had been drawn to her pert, hard little ass as she had bent over to collect the dirt and dust into a dustpan. He had averted his eyes before she caught him staring, but the scene had given him an almost instant erection that he worked to hide.

He may have gotten away with it yesterday, but there was no doubt in his mind that Marta had watched him, through the translucent shower doors, as he had stroked his cock to an orgasm.

Marta had very little concept of privacy, and still showered every day with the bathroom door open. More than once, Joe had caught himself listening to the falling water, and imagining the scene. That she had wandered into his bathroom shouldn’t have shocked him, but it still did. He had carefully closed the door, but hadn’t ever considered locking it against intrusion.

His face was hot a flushed, embarrassed to his core, he knew his embarrassment was based as much on his invisible thoughts as he had reached orgasm, as on the physical proof of his sexual excitement.

And she had watched.

Joe wrapped his towel tightly around his waist, his erection withered quickly by his shame. He knew he could not be angry at Marta, he had never told her that she could not come into his bathroom, and he had never thought twice about those few times she had sat in the bedroom and watched through the open door when he shaved, or brushed his teeth.

He also knew that this was somehow important. Marta was flushed, though he wasn’t certain if it was from the rolling cloud of steam that obscured the mirrors, embarrassment at having been caught watching, or maybe even excitement. Joe turned away towards the sink and used a hand towel to clear the mirror.

This gave him a moment to think, but it also gave him a sneaky view of Marta, and what he saw excited and shamed him all over again. Marta was not wearing a brassiere, and her pert, A-cup breasts were attractive mounds under her t-shirt ... and they were now topped by pencil-eraser sized nipples. Erect nipples.

As he brushed his teeth, he watched her reflection and watched her, watching him. He was carefully keeping his back to Marta, unwilling to show her that he was erect again, his cock throbbing against the restraining towel. He saw her the pink tip of her tongue dart out and lick her lips, and he thought he was going to cum all over his towel.

His head was swimming, awash in lust for this waif. He knew it was wrong, knew that she didn’t need some man old enough to be her father lusting after her. She needed safety, security, not a dirty old man, and his guilt warred with his desire.

He was sure it was partly his long time alone. He had never been with a woman other than Cristy, and though his fantasy life was active, his sex drive had returned with a vengeance once he had recovered from his loss. He had not been able to bring himself to date, or even get close to another woman. Though he never actually laid it out, even in his mind, he had felt it would be disloyal to the memory of his late wife.

Jackie. He needed to talk to Jackie and get a woman’s point of view on this new wrinkle. He would not address this morning with Marta until he had time to cool down, think through this rationally.

Joe had asked Marta if she would make lunch for the two of them, explaining that he had an important phone call to make and would be in his office for a while. Marta had come a long way, but she was still a naif in the kitchen. Her cooking skills were limited to cereal, toast, sandwiches and maybe a salad, but what he really needed was a little bit of privacy.

As Marta scurried off to the kitchen, Joe dialed Jackie’s work. He had kept in touch with Jackie, talking to her every couple of days and had relayed Marta’s progress as she had grown more comfortable living with him. He missed her though, and her mother, having decided that Marta deserved his attention and that it may not be a great idea to subject her to the stress of a social call with two women.

“Jackie, it’s Joe. Can you talk?” Joe kept one eye on Marta as she worked in the kitchen and tapped his toe impatiently.

“Sure Joe, my door is closed. What’s up?”

“Ok ... you laughed when I told you about Marta’s wardrobe change, and acted like you had expected it, remember? You wouldn’t say why, and I assumed it was some female thing.” Joe paused as Jackie chuckled, her tone amused at Joe’s guy point of view.

“Jackie, this is not funny. She came into the bathroom this morning when I was in the shower, and watched.”

“Joe, relax! Marta is obviously a late bloomer. Think of her as a young girl, seven or eight years old. She is curious, that’s all. She obviously didn’t have a normal childhood and is experiencing all of these new things later in her life, but it would all seem perfectly normal if she were ten years younger in fact, instead of in her mind.”

“Jackie, you don’t understand!” Joe was at a loss, unsure how to proceed. “She ... um ... she had stopped wearing a bra, and maybe underwear too.” Unbidden, the sight of her bending over the other day flashed back into his mind, and he noticed now what he had missed at the time.

No panty lines.

Joe sighed, and continued. “I ... I was masturbating in the shower, damnit!” Joe’s face was scarlet, shamed at having to admit this to anyone, especially a woman, and to Cristy’s sister!

Joe had to hold the phone away from his ear as peals of laughter rang out on the other end, shockingly loud and almost painfully embarassing.

It was a clear minute before a couple of gasps signaled the Jackie getting a hold on her mirth. “Joe, you are such a wonder. Really. I haven’t laughed that hard in a long, long time.” She paused, obviously catching her breath and, just as obviously, getting her thoughts in order.

“Listen Joe, it is obvious that she has a crush on you. Although we can’t be sure, Wallace and I are pretty sure she had almost no contact with men at all before the police found her. Now she finds herself safe, comfortable and, frankly, loved for the first time in her life. Is it any wonder that she would fall in love with the source of that comfort?”

“It isn’t right, Jackie! I am supposed to be her caretaker, not some dirty old man, lusting after a virginal child. Maybe it is time for her to find a more permanent home.” Joe hated to suggest it, but he felt like control of the situation was slipping through his fingers and he didn’t want to be the one who damaged Marta again, not when she had come so very far.

“Shut up, Joe. Just knock that shit off, right goddamn now.” Jackie sounded furious, her anger leaking through the phone in her clipped tone and the hard edge to her words. “That girl has been through hell, and has found a place where she can heal and grow. She is going through some very normal changes, and she is trying to reconcile her physical and emotional well being with her adult body’s reactions to an attractive and safe man.”

“You refuse to believe me when I tell you, but you are a great guy, Joe. You are smart, and loving, and more attractive than you know. If I had to pick someone to be the love interest of that poor girl, there is no one in the world who would fit better than you. Don’t you dare toss her aside because you are feeling guilty, or you think you are being disloyal to my sister, or just because you are a damn prude.”

Joe was shocked to his core. Jackie had always been the carefree and loving friend he needed, and he had never heard her use that tone around him in all the years he had known her. She was pissed!

She wasn’t done with him yet. “If that girl decides she wants to crawl in your bed and play ride the pony, you better put a smile on your face and say Giddiup.”

“You can’t hurt her by loving her, you can only hurt her by rejecting her. I know you, and you are falling hard for her, hating every minute of it in your martyrdom. It’s ok to love again, Joe. Cristie would never, ever want you to go through life alone and unhappy, don’t you understand that?”

Joe sat there, stunned, tears rolling down his cheeks. He was so torn between what he wanted and what he thought was right, and Jackie was hitting every button he had.

A sound at the door to his office made him look up, and there in the door, looking poised for flight and tears on her own cheeks, was Marta.

“I gotta go, Jackie, call you later”

He looked up at Marta, and held out his hand. Marta paused for a moment, then rushed to him, falling to her knees and laying her head in his lap. Her arms wrapped around his lower legs and she sobbed, her tears falling hot and wet on his thighs.

Joe sighed, and stroked her hair. “It’s ok, honey. Everything is just fine.”

Once they had both calmed down a bit, she led him by the hand into the kitchen, a bemused smile on his face at the reversal in roles. They ate a silent lunch, cleaned up the kitchen together and, for once, the silence wasn’t a barrier, it was a comfortable blanket.

The day passed quickly and night fell. When it was time for bed, Joe followed his normal routine and, after brushing his teeth and changing into his sleeping attire, climbed into bed. Marta stood silently, watching, then knelt on the floor by his pillow, waiting.

Joe stared down at the girl, not sure what to make of this change, then reached out his hand in silent appeal. Marta slid her hand into his, and climbed up on the mattress, this time on his side of thebed.

Turning her back to Joe, she curled up against him and seemed to welcome the arm he carefully draped over her, hugging his hand tightly to her warm, lean stomach. With a quiet sigh, she wiggled back towards Joe until she was comfortable, and was quickly asleep.

Joe, on the other hand, lay awake long in to the night, his mind going a mile a minute as he tried to process the changes, to be sure in his own mind that this real, and right.

From the outside, the change in their relationship might have seemed slow, glacial even. From the inside, Joe felt like his whole universe was in upheaval. Marta had followed him during his daily activity almost from the very start, but always keeping a buffer between them.

Now, she continued to follow, but if he paused for even a moment, she was right there by his side, as often as not, slipping her had into his. The most discomfiting thing was her reaction whenever he would sit somewhere. She would immediately kneel by his side, sometimes with a hand rested on his knee, sometimes her head in his lap.

He tried to discourage this, feeling it unbecoming, but nothing he did would dissuade her. She was manifestly unhappy if he refused, but quietly content to sit for hours at his feet as he worked. He would often find his traitorous hand stroking her soft hair as if it had a mind of its own.

The biggest shock, in his mind anyway, was his slow realization that he loved this slip of a girl. Not a platonic, fatherly love, but with a surety and warmth he thought he would never feel again.

A few nights later, as they cuddled up in bed, Marta still following the same, odd routine of kneeling and asking permission first, Joe unthinking, kissed her on the cheek as they were drifting off to sleep. He felt her stiffen, but somehow knew it was not fear this time. She rolled over to face him, her eyes avoiding his, and kissed him back.

He froze for a moment, then gently pulled her closer, pressing his lips softly to hers. For the first time since they had been introduced, Marta’s eyes met his directly, and in those warm brown pools he saw desire.

Marta’s lips pressed against his again, harder this time, insistent. Joe’s lips parted and the tip of his tongue darted out, sampling the soft, supple lips of the woman in his arms, his heart a jackhammer in his chest.

She responded, her tongue meeting his and he pulled her to him, molding his body to hers. His cock was a bar of molten iron, trapped between them and the feel of her erect nipples was boring holes in his chest.

When they parted, Joe took a deep breath and pulled her to him, tucking her head up under his chin and just holding her. He was shocked when he heard a soft giggle, and she squirmed closer, seemingly trying to get every inch of her body in contact with his.

Joe had heard her cry, and even heard her cry out in pain once, when she accidently stepped on a sharp stick in the yard, but he had never heard her laugh, and never, ever thought he would hear her giggle. He had an almost overwhelming urge to tickle her, just to hear that beautiful sound again.

Instead, he kissed the top of her head and inhaled her scent, content with the extraordinary feel of her body next to his.

When he awoke in the morning, he was flat on his back and she was draped over him, and arm and leg both crossing his body and her torso snugged up to his side. Her head was resting on his shoulder, her breath tickling the tiny hairs on his neck. Afraid to move and break the spell, his bladder had other plans and, with much regret, he tried to slide slowly and quietly out from under Marta.

She was having none of it. Still mostly asleep, she clung to him, making an unhappy, mewling sound.

“Baby, I have to go to the bathroom or we are going to have a big mess.” He chuckled, and pulled away. Struck by the innocence and beauty of the young lady in his bed, he paused to gaze down on her. She spent so much of her time looking down, being subservient, that he rarely got to see her face like it was now. She really was beautiful.

She had long, lush eyelashes and slightly almond shaped eyes. Well defined cheekbones and a pert little button nose over her full lips, her strong jawline gave her a determined look. While she may never be a beauty queen, her features were such a well-matched melange of soft and strong that the result was really quite striking. His eyes flitted over the rest of her, and he was again struck anew over how much she had changed these last two months.

Her body had filled out and softened all those sharp angles and protruding bones. Her breasts rode high and proud, and though a solid A-cup, they were perfect in Joe’s eyes. Her butt had been almost non-existent when she had arrived, but with exercise and good nutrition, it had firmed up, filled out and seemed to beg to be held, grasped, worshipped...

Joe hurried to the bathroom, determined to empty his bladder before his erection shut off the valve. He shouldn’t have paused, but damn if he could help admiring, and lusting, after this woman who was sharing his bed. He wanted her so bad he could taste it, but even more, he wanted it to be on her schedule. He was not going to push, or even hint at his desire. If she wanted more, she would let him know.

He had come to expect an audience in the mornings as he took his shower. Marta would come in once she heard him close the shower door, and sit quietly watching. He had been careful since the day she had caught him masturbating, and had not subjected her to a second show. but he couldn’t always control his cock. It seemed to have a mind of its own, and the thought of her sitting, watching, often made it stand proud.

Joe would just continue with his shower, spending no more time on his rampant manhood than he would when it was soft, determined to not subject her to that again.

When he finished, and stepped out of the shower, reaching for a towel, he froze and looked down.

Instead of perching on the toilet as she had in the past, Marta was kneeling in front of the shower door, a towel in her hand, and waiting patiently for him to step out. As soon as both feet were on the bath mat, she leaned forward and, starting with his feet, began to dry him.

His cock, now swelling to alarming proportions, was waving gently just abover her head. If she were to sit up...

Marta worked her way up his legs, patiently drying every inch, and when she got to his erection, she paused. Tilting her head, she studied his cock, her eyes traveling from tip to root, and then over his scrotum without pause. She reached out, tentatively at first, and with just her index finger, touched it right underneath the throbbing head.

Joe almost came right then. There was an electric shock that shot through his cock, down to his balls, and straight up his spine. His knees almost buckled as the bolt of pleasure overwhelmed his senses.

Wrapping her fingers softly around his cock, she seemed to be delighted to find it hard and throbbing in her hand. She moved her hand, loosely gripped, up the shaft and let her fingers explore the head, more waves of pleasure shooting through Joe’s body.

Another first for today, Marta’s lips quirked in an almost smile, and she wrapped her hand more firmly around his shaft. Glancing up at him, as though to gauge his reaction, she began stroking it, matching what she had seen him do before, and had hoped to see him do each time she watched him in the shower.

Joe was both alarmed and excited, almost overwhelmed by the feeling of her soft hands jacking him off. He could already feel his cum boiling up, ready to spurt forth and paint the room. He could see the look of determination in Marta’s eyes, and the slight, but unmistakable grin threatening to break free, and he let himself go.

Marta, stroking softly but firmly, felt the cock in her hands swell, the heat it was giving off was almost palpable and she was obviously fascinated by the sight of his scrotum as it started to tighten as he neared orgasm. She lifted her left hand, and her fingers grazed the sensitive skin of his scrotum, sending Joe over the top, his orgasm lighting a fire along his nerves.

His entire world went white, the pleasure overwhelming his senses, and his legs buckled, pulling his cock from Marta’s grasp and sending him to his knees in front of her.

When his eyes opened again, he was mere inches from Marta’s face, and he goggled at her expresson. Her eyes were wide with wonder and fascination, and her tongue was darting out, seeking the ropes of semen that were splashed across her brown, her hair and her cheek.

He watched in wonder as she reached up with a finger and gathers some of his cum from her cheek, then sucked the finger clean. She worked her tongue around in her mouth, obviously tasting the unusual substance, deciding that it was good, and her fingers gathered more.

He looked down, past her jutting, diamond hard nipples, and was filled with another rush of lust and he watched her left hand dip into her shorts and caress her vulva.

Reaching over to the sink, he grabbed a wash cloth and captured her right hand in his own, and began tenderly washing the remaining cum from her forehead and her hair.

Marta began kissing his neck, her tongue lapping droplets of water from his skin where she hadn’t finished drying him. Her left hand, still busy beneath her shorts and her right hand roaming aimlessly across Joe’s chest and arms, touching lightly and moving on.

Joe stood, pulling her to her feet and hard against his chest, capturing her lips and tongue with his own. He devoured her, feasting on her and his hands stole down, grasping her ass, grinding her mons against his resurgent cock.

Picking her up, he carried her out of the bathroom and laid her gently on the bed, leaning over her and, his eyes locking with hers, asked silent permission to continue.

Marta smiled, a real, joyous smile that lit her face and stole his breath. She reached for him, pulling him down to her and attacked his lips, crushing them to hers.

Joe pulled back enough to grasp the bottom hem of her t-shirt, and slowly pulled it upwards, giving her another chance to object, but the heat in her eyes gave him all the permission he needed. Pulling the shirt up and off, her raven hair cascading out in a fan on his pillow, he caught his breath. Unable to prevent himself, he lowered his head and kissed each of her nipples, reveling in the firm, crinkled flesh.

He bathed each of her breasts with his tongue, stopping to nibble softly at first one, then the next. Marta’s breath hitched with each change, and a sound much like a purr vibrated in her chest.

She grasped his head, pulling him tight against her breasts, urging him on. Her hips had begun moving, and Joe could feel the dampness through her shorts as they grazed his cock, spurring him on to greater efforts.

Reluctantly pulling away from the breasts he had been fantasizing about for weeks, he began kissing his way down her body, his tongue and lips sampling every rib, every freckle. Pausing at her belly button, unable to resist darting his tongue in to tickle her, his hands continued to kneed and massage her breasts, rolling her nipples between his fingers.

Her every gasp drove him onward, feeding his desire, pushing him to move further. He mock growled, the rumble in his cheek providing delicate vibrations to her mons, making her hips hunch and press against him. Grabbing the waistband of her shorts in his teeth, he pulled downward, helped by her willingly raised hips and hands wanted the shorts off as badly as Joe did.

Her flat belly and that wonderful expanse of skin leading to her mons was covered with a soft, almost invisible down of hair. Her pubic hair was sparse, and softer than anything Joe could remember. As he kissed his way down, he could detect the most delectable of aromas, a heady scent that drew him in.

He paused to soak in the sight of her swollen and dripping pussy, the lips swollen with desire and the delicate tip of her clitoris peeking out from its hood, practically begging for some attention.

His tongue darted out, tasting and tempting. He kissed her lips, his tongue darting out again and again to taste her nector, flicking lightly over her clitoris and sending shivers through her spare frame.

When he ran his tongue from her the bottom of her dripping pussy to the top, flicking her clit, she let out a throaty moan, thrusting up with her hips and trying to follow his tongue and he pulled it away.

Giving in, he buried his face, kissing and nibbling, thrusting his tongue as deep in her channel as he could get it, and rubbing her clit with his nose. Marta grabbed his head, mashing his face into her pussy, and moaned, her hips moving in small circles.

Joe could feel her tensing up, her body going rigid and he inserted his finger into her hot canal, working it slowly deeper and deeper. Turning his hand so he could crook his finger, he felt for that little section of corregated skin and was rewarded with a gush of juice, bathing his chin. Marta started keening, a high-pitched, almost nasal whine and her back arched, driving her pussy into Joe’s face.

She came hard, collapsing back to the bed and grabbing his ears to peel his probing tongue and grasping lips from her pussy, her head whipping back and forth. She didn’t speak, but Joe knew she was saying “NO NONO NO NO more!”

Joe relaxed, rotating his jaw to release the tension on long unused muscles, and blew gently on her labia, causing Marta to shudder and attempt to curl herself away. He crawled up her body, planting little kisses on her hip, her ribs, her elbow and shoulder until he was positioned right next to her, nuzzling her neck.

Marta turned to him, and kissed him with everything she had, pouring out years of emotion in that slim connection. Tears streaming down her face, she held his head in her hands, and stared deep into his eyes, then gently, oh so gently, touched her lips to his forehead before burying her face in his neck and hugging him to her.

Joe wanted, more than he had ever wanted anything in his life, to slide his still rock hard cock deep inside of her, but he knew without asking that it would be too much, too overwhelming. Right now, just holding Marta was enough, and it was what she needed.

The stayed in bed, cuddling and occasionally necking like a pair of teens, until hunger drove them out into the kitchen. Joe quickly dressed in his ‘work at home’ uniform of shorts, t-shirt and flip-flops, but Marta stayed just as she was and seemed to revel in the air on her bare skin.

She followed him to the kitchen, a step behind and to his right, and when Joe started to throw together a soup and sandwich lunch, she knelt by his side, resting her head against his thigh with a happy sigh.

Joe, a hopeless romantic, was uncomfortable with the outward signs of her subservience and tried to get her to stand beside him. He only desisted when her eyes filled with fear and pain, her arms wrapped around his legs with a firm determination.

Rather than face that look of fear again, Joe desisted and let her stay where she was, but he was determined to try again, as many times as it took.

He carried a tray with their lunch over to the couch, and sat down, sinking into the butter smooth leather with a sigh. Marta knelt by Joe’s feet, placing her chin on his knee while her hand toyed with the long hairs on his leg. He wasn’t comfortable, wanting her to sit with him, but rather that force her up on the furniture, he slid down to the floor, sitting next to her and balancing the tray on his lap.

He was shocked when Marta stood, taking the tray from him, and placing it on the couch. She grasped his arm, pulling upwards and patted the couch cushion, almost pleading with him to sit where he had been. When he gave in, and sat back on the couch, Marta let out a little sigh, and happily sat back down on the floor where she had been leaning against his legs.

Joe had a fair share of brain power, and knew when he was beat. He passed her a half sandwich on a napkin, and watched over her while she ate.

When lunch was finished, they sat in comfortable silence until Marta rose up and reached for his manhood through the loose leg of his shorts. Fondling it, stroking him until he was hard and ready, she fished his cock out of the shorts and she spent long minutes staring and touching, fascinated by the drop of pre-cum that would appear on the crown of his cock. She would touch it, and spread it around, marveling at the slick feel.

Her tongue reached out, licking up the next drop and, when Joe groaned in pleasure, began bathing his shaft with her tongue. Joe didn’t want to push, but he when he rubbed the head of his cock against her lips, she opened willingly and took him in her mouth.

Some experimentation, and a gasp when she scraped her teeth against his sensitive glans the first time, taught Marta what Joe needed and when she felt him begin to pulse, she kept his hard cock in her mouth, running her tongue across that most sensitive of spots under the head and gratefully accepted his cum, spurt after spurt. She swallowed and grinned around the meaty shaft, then started all over again. Joe, had to push her away, and had to explain that it was just too sensitive, like her clit had been when she had an orgasm earlier.

Marta just smiled and nodded, rested her chin on his knee and stared, as if waiting until he said it was ok again.

That night they made love. When Joe had again crawled between her legs and performed his magic, she finally connected the finger in her hot pussy with the potential for much more. As he climbed back up her body after her orgasm, she grasped his cock and tried to steer him in the right direction, rubbing the rubbery head against her clit and moaning softly.

Joe stopped her, and pulled her on top. In quiet whispers he explained that, since she was a virgin, the first time might come with some pain. He wanted her to be on top so she could control the penetration and set her own pace.

She balked, obviously not liking the idea, wanting his weight and his heat on top of her, but she followed instructions and was soon sitting across his thighs, his hard cock jutting up between her legs and rubbing at her clit. Joe’s hands caressed and kneaded her breasts, pinching and pulling on her nipples as she rubbed herself on his shaft and, when she was breathing faster, close to another orgasm, he indicated that she should rise up.

Carefully positioning his cock at the entrance to her pussy, he nodded to her, and watched as she slowly lowered herself on his erection. He only had an inch or two inside when they both felt the obstruction. Her hymen was intact, and he nodded again, telling her it was OK to take her time.

Marta was having none of that. She raised herself up, and with gritted teeth and squinted eyes, she slammed herself down again, her maidenhead splitting and his cock slamming up inside her. Marta’s eyes flew open in surprise, and a hiss of air through her teeth made Joe wince in sympathy.

She paused for a moment, adjusting to having his cock tickling her cervix, then rose up again, slower this time. When she began to lower herself on his cock again, her eyes lit and her lips opened, a surprised look that quickly became a smile.

Marta moved slowly, her breath catching in her throat and her head flung back, reveling in the new and intense sensations. Joe, on the other hand, had closed his eyes and he couldn’t believe how tight, and hot her pussy was as the head of his cock mapped out every slight variation in her canal. It was exquisite torture and he was loving every second.

Together they began to move faster, him thrusting up from underneath and her slamming herself down onto his pole, her clit rubbing against his pubes. Faster and faster they went, gasping together, their eyes closed and hands clasped, fingers intertwined.

When Joe realized that she was getting close, he disengaged one of his hands from hers, and slid it between them, using his thumb to apply pressure to her clit. He rubbed in slow circles as she rose, and faster circles and she fell, until he heard her let out a long, throaty groan and a wash of hot juice spilled out of her, cascading over his balls and setting him off. He thrust once, twice, three times then voiced his own groan as his cock erupted inside her, bathing her cervix with his cum.

Marta collapsed against Joe’s chest, panting, her eyes merely slits that she was too exhausted to close. Joe wrapped his arms around her and planted small kisses on the portion of her face he could reach, whispering how much he loved her and how lucky he was to have her in his life.

Life had taken on a whole new set of exciting circumstances after that day. At first shocked, and not a little dismayed, he came to relish those odd moments when Marta’s soft hand would reach out and caress his cock, causing it to grow and expand. It happened when he was on calls and he had the worst time keeping his voice calm an even when she would start blowing him under the desk.

Marta, having developed a taste for his cum, was perfectly happy to swallow his cock anytime and anywhere.

Marta had also developed a taste for nudity, and Joe loved to watch her around the house, her fantastic body swaying suggestively and keeping him on the edge throughout the day. He liked it so much, he eventually had to post signs at the doors saying ‘Clothes!‘ so he wouldn’t forget and give a delivery guy, or the lawn service, an eyeful.

Marta also had a disconcerting manner of tempting him, dropping to all fours, her pert ass in the air and her chin resting on her forearms. She would stay in that position, wiggling her fanny until she caught Joe’s attention, then reaching between her legs to let her fingers dally on her pink lips.

Sometimes she would simply bend over a convenient surface. The kitchen counter, the coffee table, the back of a chair. and look back at him over her shoulder, her eyes smoldering embers of passion.

Marta never spoke, not a single word in the six months since Joe had first met her, but she had no problem making desires clear. She and Joe seemed to have entire conversations where never a word was uttered, conducted solely by looks and by touch.

The one thing that never changed was that Joe led in all things, and Marta made sure he knew that his will was paramount. She was, happily, his sex slave, and lived to please him.

Joe couldn’t help but smile.


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Chapter 2 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « The Reluctant Sir Index « Chapter 1 |   Bottom
Chapter 2: Marta's Tale
Posted: September 19, 2015 - 12:34:59 pm
Updated: September 19, 2015 - 03:46:30 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Her earliest memories were of cold and hunger. She remembered flashes of lucidity, of crouching in a dark, cold place and shivering, hunger knawing at her insides like a living thing. She knew fear, but not much else.

Her memory became clearer as time passed, and she remembered many things she wished that she could forget. She remembered cruel faces, harsh voices, slaps and kicks and curses whenever she made a noise and the beatings when she dared to cry out loud. She remembered being forced into a dark closet, kept there for days, living in her own filth but happier to suffer in silence than to face what waited outside.

Though she didn't know it, she had been born Christina Maria Barnes, and her mother was listed as a Sylvia, father unknown. Sylvia Barnes was a down and out prostitute, addicted to methamphetamines and had spent what money she could beg, borrow, steal or earn on her back, to buy the drugs that sustained her. How little Christina, and others like her, survived to be born was a question the doctors and nurses often asked themselves.

Sylvia, once a high school cheerleader and an all-American girl, had been introduced to drugs her junior year in school. The man who supplied her was no better and no worse than the other pushers in her town, but he had wanted the dark haired cheerleader for his own. He had wooed her, slipped her a little powdered recreation and then, over time, slowly introduced her to more addictive substances.

When she was hooked, he took her and, when he tired of her, he put her to work. Her life since then had been full of pain, full of anonymous men who used her without regard to who she was, who she might have been. She had been abused, degraded and, ultimately, tossed away like yesterday's newspaper.

While some found strength in adversity, overcoming their shortcoming to achieve great things, others like Sylvia simply sank deeper into depravity, becoming what they abhorred. When she got too old to attract the more affluent John's, she used her old pusher's tactics and recruited a pair of new girls, bending them to her will with drugs and binding them to her through fear. Sylvia eventually had two daughters, one was a still birth, the drugs had found their way into her womb and ended the life before it had even begun. The second was Christina and, by the time Christina was born, Sylvia's humanity was already a thing of the past.

Sylvia didn't care much, one way or the other, about the child she had borne. If anything, the welfare paid by the state and some tenuous thoughts of future profits kept her from simply abandoning the girl or even just disposing of the child when it vexed her. Her antipathy towards the child was echoed by her two 'girls', the hookers who supplied her with money in exchange for drugs and a roof over their heads.

They saw the way Christina's mother treated the baby and followed her lead. Sylvia fed the child, or at least she remembered to do so most days, but other than that, she left her to her own devices as long as she was quiet. When the girls, and every now and then Sylvia herself, had a client over, Christina was shoved into a closet with a filthy blanket and beaten if she made a sound.

When Christina was five, a wretched, filthy, half-starved child, one of Sylvia's clients caught sight of her. He had been eager to begin, wanting his money's worth, and had been pawing Sylvia, mauling her in the hallway as they moved towards Sylvia's room.

When he stumbled, drunk and disoriented, his shoulder smashed through the thin closet door and terrified the small girl within. Her short, soft cry of terror was enough to make him pause, then fling the door open.

Inside, crouched in a corner of the small closet, naked and filthy, sat Christina. The man blinked, rubbed his bleary eyes and then smiled down at her.

"What have we here?" he asked softly, crouching down so that he was not towering over the child.

"That's just my kid, she's touched in the head. Leave her alone, Barney! Come and give me some loving." was Sylvia's response. "You only paid for an hour, you want to waste it on some brat?"

"Why is she in the closet? And why is she naked?" Barney asked, his tone moving from curious to compassionate.

"I told you, she's touched in the head. Refuses to wear clothes, refuses to bathe, doesn't talk. Leave her be!" Sylvia huffed, looking cross now.

Christina, crouched on her threadbare blanket, knew that irritated tone and flinched, expecting the inevitable slap or kick that usually followed.

Softly, almost a whisper, Barney replied. "She's about the age of my granddaughter."

He stood, his hands on his hips, and glared at Sylvia. For her part, Sylvia was just annoyed, the brat was keeping her from doing business.

"I'll give you five hundred for the kid." Barney said, his face serious and his eyes intent on Sylvia.

"What?" Sylvia understood what he said, but her question was more a stall tactic than a request for information. If he was willing to pay $500, then someone else may be willing to pay more. Maybe it was time to earn some money with the brat, there were plenty of pervs in the world.

"I am not selling you my daughter, Barney. What do I look like, a slaver? Either leave her be, get in here and fuck me, or get the hell out. You ain't getting your money back either way." Sylvia glared at him, almost daring him to object.

Barney looked a little sick, his face going pale. He bent back down, facing the little girl, and whispered to her. "I ain't got more than that, sweetie, but I will see what I can do, okay? You just hang in there."

Christina didn't have the first clue what he was talking about, but his were the first kind words, the first time an adult ever spoke to her in anything more than a snarl or a curse. His tone was soothing, warm somehow, and it made her feel new things, nice things.

Barney left, but with a promise to Sylvia that he would be back, with twice the amount he promised or the cops, that it would be up to her which one she wanted.

Barney never did come back, but Christina remembered that day for a long, long time. She would wonder, later, if he had simply forgotten or if he had, somehow, been kept from returning. She would never find out the reason, but she kept that hope alive for years, a tiny nugget of light in the darker times to come.

Sylvia, on the other hand, knew exactly what had happened to Barney, and it had cost her fifty bucks and a couple of rocks. Sylvia had been on the wrong side of the tracks for a long, long time. She knew others, like her, who lived in the shadows, and it wasn't all that hard to find an addict who would waylay the would-be Samaritan.

Sylvia had recalled her amorphous plans for the child, spurred on by Barney's interest, and she began quietly looking for the right customers. They were not all that hard to find. There is a market for any product, and this product had long been a forbidden fruit, and more valuable because of its rarity.

Christina's first bath in over a year was a surprise. Sylvia had drug her from the closet, tossed her into a lukewarm tub and scrubbed her from head to toe. Then, spraying her liberally with some of the cheap perfume she kept on hand to hide her own slovenly habits, Sylvia pulled out a little pink dress she had purchased just for this occasion.

"You little to me, you little cunt. A man is coming over to see me and he paying extra to have you in there. You will not say a word, not even a sound, or I will beat you like you have never been beaten, do you understand me?" She glared down at the child, shaking her by the arm until her head bobbed and weaved on her too-thin neck.

"He is maybe going to play with you, take some picture, so you do whatever he says. Don't worry though, momma is saving that little pussy of yours. It's going to be my retirement fund, sell it to the highest bidder." she cackled, looking pleased with herself. "Don't fuck with me on this, just do what I tell you."

The man who came that night spent an hour with Christina. He made her do things that she didn't understand and took a lot of pictures. He had her pose in odd ways, showing her butt and her private place to the camera, even made her touch herself. It was all very uncomfortable but he spoke to her in soft, loving tones and never actually touched her.

Sylvia had chosen her clients with care, explaining the rules to them ahead of time. They could look and take pictures, but they couldn't touch. They could ask the child to pose however they wanted, but they couldn't do what they really desired. That act, that treasure, would cost them dearly.

Christina started getting visits from a couple of men a week, and most of them were kind to her, even if their demands made her feel weird. Some of them brought little tiny cameras, some brought big cameras and lots of lights, new dresses and funny underwear. Her mother was always there, watching, warning, threatening, and Christina behaved. She was a good girl.

The one thing that stood out in Christina's mind about this change in status was that Sylvia was less physically brutal, not wanting to leave marks that would turn off her clients. As if in compensation, she became even more psychologically cruel, punishing Christina for even the smallest imagined slights, making her do repugnant things like pleasuring her at night time and even cleaning up after the whore's clients left for the night.

Sylvia seemed to derive considerable pleasure having the child use her tongue to clean up the drips, spills and leavings of the many men who traipsed through that house. When she was really angry with the girl, Christina would clean the floors and even the bathroom the same way.

The years that followed were most a blur of men. They tended, by and large, to treat her well. Some of her regular visitors even brought her gifts, though Sylvia would snatch whatever it was for her own use, and Christina began it look forward to her clients. Anything was better than being alone with Sylvia. She even began to find some small pleasures in their attentions. Many of them, when they found out that it was allowed, had her touch herself, rub herself for the camera.

By the time Christina was a teen, her mother's addiction had stripped her of any semblance of compassion, destroyed what looks she had retained and made her even more bitter, more hardened to the suffering around her. The other whores were long gone and Christina was Sylvia's only source of income.

Her astronomical asking price for the girl's virginity went unpaid, adding to Sylvia's dissatisfaction. She would reach out and pinch Christina in her naughty place, twisting cruelly, always with the same cackling comment. "This here is my retirement."

Sylvia came to hate the girl, a deep, abiding hate that found an outlet in her treatment of Christina. She would spend hours thinking of ways to make her pay for being younger, prettier, more desirable. Even as she lived off the money Christina earned in that room, she detested being dependant on the girl. As the years passed, Christina's visitor became fewer and fewer. Her appeal as a little girl started to wane as she got older, and her mother's refusal to let any of the men touch her meant that they started going elsewhere.

Towards the end, when Sylvia's addiction had taken its toll and her body was beginning to fail, Sylvia was determined that the girl would not outlive her. She began tying the girl up at night, beating her with whatever was at hand, even putting cigarettes out on her arms, her breasts and her buttocks.

When Sylvia's heart stopped, early one fall day while she sat in front of the television, Christina was bound and gagged, laying in the hallway closet where she had spent every night she could remember.

She continued to lay there until, three days later, a drunk john, his addled brain not remembering that his old favorite was no longer in business, forced the apartment door. He found Sylvia's emaciated body in front of the television, shrugged his shoulders, and walked out of the apartment again, television under his arm.

The neighbor, a down and out woman who was, frankly, no better than Sylvia, though less addled by drugs, called the police in a moment of lucidity after finding the door open and Sylvia dead.

The officers, in turn, found Christina.

Christina was almost comatose. Dehydrated, her body wracked with pain and cramps from the position she had been forced into by the confining ropes, was blinded by the sudden opening of the door and the light flooding in. When the strange voices and strange noises got louder, and rough hands pulled her from the closet, she lost all semblance of control and collapsed in on herself, taking refuge in unconsciousness.

The police officers, two middle-aged female officers who had thought they had seen it all, wept at the sight of the bound, bloody and beaten girl. The officers had requested duty in this area, an area known for its prostitution and drug abuse, thinking that they were better suited to dealing with the broken women they found than male officers would be. The department, knowing that historically they were right, was glad to give them what they wanted.

The two ladies, Margaret Hanson and Chloe Zigler, were close friends, both married with children, and both had a lot of compassion for the ladies they dealt with on a daily basis. They had heard the stories, and could sympathize with the plight of the women, and girls, who had been forced into this life. They had been partners for three years, working this high-crime area with pride, knowing they were making a difference.

Then this. Working quickly, Margaret called in to headquarters, requesting an ambulance, a detective and the coroner, in that order, while her partner pulled a pocket knife from her pocket and cut the ropes binding the injured girl.

Chloe eased the girls arms and legs, wincing at the open and suppurating wounds she could see on the arms and even the breasts, and grabbed a blanket from the closest room to put over her. Tears filled the eyes of this seasoned cop as she tucked the blanket in around the unconscious girl, her vivid imagination supplying the source of the various bruises and injuries that she cataloged.

The detective arrived first, a veteran of the Sex Crimes unit and, with an apology to the two female cops, removed the blanket long enough to take a series of photographs, preserving the evidence that the hospital, in treating the wounds, would obscure. He bagged the remains of the rope that Chloe had cut from the victim's arms and legs, then began his walkthrough of the rest of the house.

Chloe and Margaret, knowing that what the detective was doing was important, didn't get in his way, but inside they seethed at the further injustice done to the girl, the child, really. They tucked the blanket back around the girl and waited.

The ambulance arrived shortly and the two EMTs were experienced men, both veterans of the business. Chloe was gratified to see that even they turned pale at the sight waiting for them, softly removing the dirty blanket and covering her with a sterile one from the gurney before lifting her and laying her carefully on its padded top.

When they began to strap her to the gurney, to make sure that she would not fall off on the short trip to the ambulance, Christina woke up.

When she felt the belts being applied to her ankles, tying her down again, Christina began to flail, trying to escape by throwing her upper torso off the gurney. Her voice a was a low, guttural moan and her eyes were wide with terror. Chloe and Margaret, trying to calm her down, approached with their hands open and empty, their voices soothing. Christina was not soothed, acting as if they were more horrifying that the thought of being tied down.

She tried her best to get her legs free, scrabbling, pulling herself towards the head of the gurney and away from the female officers, panic clear on her face.

The two women were confused, but they could see her panic and backed off, exchanging glances with the EMTs. Margaret nodded her head towards the dead addict on the couch, then shrugged. It was obvious who the injured girl's tormentor was, and that probably explained her fear.

When one of the EMTs, a thirty-year old red-head named Tony Melan, stepped into her line of view, Christina wrapped her arms around his waist, her face buried in the front of his trousers.

It took several minutes to calm Christina enough to disengage her, to get her to lay back, and they only got her to relax just a bit by promising they would not bind her arms, explaining that they just didn't want her to fall off.

Christina spent only two days in the County hospital, long enough for the doctors to be sure that her condition was stable. They treated the wounds they could find and treated her better than she had ever been treated in her life, even if it was done impersonally. The EMTs had made sure her terror of females in general was known to the staff, offering their theories on how she had been treated, and the doctors and nurses assigned to her case were male.

The staff, invariably kind and soft spoken, tried to get the girl to speak, to tell them where she hurt, or what she needed but she remained silent, not saying a word, not responding at all.

Officers Margaret Hanson and Chloe Zigler returned, trying to get a statement from the girl. They got no further than the door to her room before Christina was out of her bed, trying to hide herself in the corner of her room, behind a chair left there for visitors.

Even the detective, a solidly middle-aged man with a soft beside manner and years of experience dealing with traumatized victims, got no further with the girl. She had not spoken a word since she had been found, refusing to even acknowledge their questions, but following instructions to the letter. It was all very confusing.

There were multiple discussions about committing her, it being obvious that she was deeply disturbed and traumatized, but it all came down to funding and availability. They had very little of either. Instead, the doctor on her case contacted a friend of his who ran a woman's shelter, securing her a bed in the short term. The shelter had a fantastic staff who had a lot of experience in dealing with traumatized women.

When Christina arrived at the shelter, driven in an ambulance just like the one that brought her to the hospital, she wondered if they were taking her back home, back to her mother. The thought terrified her, but she knew that she was powerless to object.

The Women's Shelter, designed to be a place where battered wives, run-away girls and other, at-risk women could feel safe and secure, was an interesting change of pace. When the EMTs helped her from the ambulance and escorted her inside, Christina looked around with awe. The lobby was furnished with comfortable chairs, lots of plants and the walls were covered by the drawings of the children who often took shelter there with their mothers. It was a very welcoming space, and Christina was beginning to hope that she wasn't going home after all.

The shelter, dealing with women who had been victimized and marginalized by men, was staffed primarily by women, and it was to those women that the EMTs had handed the silent girl.

When they turned and hustled back outside, climbing into their vehicle, Christina realized that they were leaving her here, leaving her behind. Then she saw the people waiting for her, all smiling, all with their hands out. It was too much. They were all women, they were all her mother, they were...

The staff waited and watched as the diminutive, bandaged and battered girl looked around, letting her take her time. The receptionist, a doctor, a nurse and a therapist, all women, were there to welcome their newest resident. They watched with curiosity as her face clearly showed her fright when the EMTs left, thinking that they knew the why of it.

They were shocked and dismayed when the girl turned and surveyed the waiting, friendly faces, and began to weep, collapsing in on herself and ending up in a fetal position on the ground. They rushed to her, only to find that the slightest touch made the girl flinch violently, her entire demeanor demonstrated her terror.

Jackie, the therapist who volunteered her time several days a week, waved everyone back away from the girl. She had never had a client at the shelter who reacted this way, but one thing was certain, she was terrified and all this fuss was not helping.

Strangely enough, it was a delivery man, the Unified Parcel Service guy on whose route the clinic sat, who gave her the first clue. He was a very nice man, and an understanding one too. He would always wait outside, politely knocking on the door and then backing off, and let the staff come to him. He never came inside, never forced the women who lived there to deal with him, not wanting to intrude into their sanctuary.

When he knocked on the door, his head down over his clipboard, the battered girl on the floor immediately started crawling towards the doors, her hand reaching out for this stranger, this man outside.

Turning to the receptionist, she rapped out an order. "Get Dr. Wallace down here, now." she said, waving everyone else back. When she noticed the UPS driver looking through the window, his expression shocked and dismayed by the crying, pleading woman who was plastered against the glass window, Jackie stepped forward, waving her arms to get his attention.

She made a patting motion with her hands, urging him to stay where he was. He looked confused, but seemed to be willing to do as asked, his eyes darting from Jackie to the girl and back again.

This tableau lasted for several minutes, broken finally by the sound of hurrying feet and the labored breathing of the diminutive Dr. Wallace.

He was all of five feet tall, and almost that wide. His head was capped by a thick mane of snow white hair, and a generous white beard covered his multiple chins. He wore a set of spectacles with round lenses and, if you caught him in a good mood, he would even admit that he wore that style because it fit the image he was trying to portray ... the man looked like a short Santa.

Doctor Andrew Wallace was sixty years old and had been practicing psychiatry for more than thirty of them. He began his career as a child psychologist, but a female acquaintance, whose lackluster treatment by her own therapist after she had been raped and battered had been the catalyst, had convinced him that he could do the job better.

He began working with at-risk women and, eventually, specialized in trauma victims of all types. He volunteered a considerable amount of time to help the women here, knowing that his appearance did more to reassure them that he was a good guy that the multiple certificates that hung on the wall of his office. He was good at what he did, and he took considerable pride in doing his very best, in helping those who needed him.

A quick conference with the staff told him at least a little of what he was facing, and he took a deep breath, putting on a cheerful face, before approaching the weeping girl.

"Miss? I am Andrew Wallace, and I'm a doctor." he said, his voice low and soothing.

The girl, huddled against the plate glass window, turned to look at him, her eyes, swollen and red, darted to the women who waited across the room. Her expression was so forlorn, so heartbreaking, that Wallace reached out a hand. He didn't touch her, he merely held his hand out, giving her the choice, giving her option.

The fat little man with the funny beard spoke to her, his voice soft and kind. Christina had developed a kind of sixth sense about men, having been forced into their company over the years, and this one didn't scare her. This one, she thought, would be gentle with her. He would probably call her his daughter, or his grand-daughter before he touched her, before he made her do things. She could live with that.

She reached out to him, took his hand and then scuttled closer, wrapping her arm around his legs. She didn't do any of the usual things though, these older men wanted to pretend they were convincing her, teaching her. She knew to let him make the first move.

That move never came. The fat man with the nice face sat down on the floor near her and just talked.

When Doctor Wallace got the poor girl calmed down, he told her that the staff here were not like the people who hurt her, and they just wanted to help, to be friends. He could tell that his words were falling on deaf ears. Oh, she wasn't actually deaf, just that his words were meaningless to her. She had been abused by a woman, or several women, and for an extended time, that much was clear. He had seen transference before, a battered woman who would cling to any man who treated her with the slightest kindness, but this wasn't that, this was different. She wanted nothing to do with any woman, no other theory fit and he was one to trust his instincts.

When she was calm enough, he was able to give her a tranquilizer, get her to rest, to sleep while he made arrangements. He would transfer to her to another shelter, another facility where he could attend to her personally. This girl needed a lot of help.

Jackie, watching the two depart, started for the phones, snatching up the paperwork that the EMTs had left behind. Scanning the report, she picked out the names of the doctors who treated her, the Detective who questioned her and the police officers who had found her. She had some phone calls to make.

When Christina woke again, she was in a big, soft bed, in a room whose walls were clean and white. She was warm, and comfortable, and even the hunger pains didn't bother her all that much. She lay there, the blanket tucked up under her chin, and wondered if the little fat man would come back, if he would want to play with her. She would be extra nice to him, if only she could stay here for a while, in this nice, clean place.

He did come back, a couple of hours later, and seemed surprised to see her awake. He disappeared for just a minute, returning with a tray full of food and two cans of soda. He urged her to eat, and was silent as Christina wolfed down every scrap of food on the plate, her eyes on him the whole time, as if afraid it would be snatched away before she could finish.

He talked to her then, told her about him, about his life. He told her about why he became a doctor, and how he wanted to help her. When Christina began to remove her gown, cupping her breast suggestively, he simply shook his head. He urged her to put the gown back on, and to get back into bed.

She was confused. He didn't want her, and if he didn't want her, then he wouldn't pay her mother, and her mother would be angry. When she started to cry, the man just waited patiently, telling her that it was okay, that she was safe.

Over the next two weeks, the fat man came every day, most days he came to visit twice, once in the morning and once at night. He never touched her, he never made her pose for a camera, he just talked. It made little sense to Christina, and it wasn't until he convinced her that her mother was dead, that she could never hurt her again, that she began to believe that she was going to be okay. He asked her a lot of questions, and sometimes she would nod or shake her head, but when he asked her name, she just shrugged.

Her clients had called her a lot of names. Sweetheart, darling, baby, and sometimes even real names, like Anna, and Mary and Kate, but she knew those were the names of other girls, not hers.

Her mother had called her lots of names too. Slut, shitbag, whore, cunt, but they didn't sound like real names. Mostly she called her those when she was mad, and she was mad a lot. Other times she called her girl, but that wasn't like a real name either.

The doctor, a funny expression on his face, asked if he could call her Marta. Marta had been a good friend of his who had passed away a long time ago, and he said that she looked a lot like that woman. She nodded at him.

It sounded better than cunt.

She got three whole meals a day, and they let her take showers whenever she wanted. The doctor only got mad one time, and he was mad at one of the men who looked after her. Marta had been masturbating, something she had been taught to do by one of her first clients. She had found it pleasurable, and she had continued to masturbate whenever she had the chance, and the strength. It was the only way she knew to be happy, to have fun, and she spent many hours in her little closet, rubbing her self, even when there were no cameras to capture the act.

The man who brought her meals had walked in when she was touching herself. She had been close, almost ready to get that good feeling when he came in, and he had stopped, his eyes wide, and stared at her as she finished. Seeing his erection, and thinking that the time had finally come, that she was going to be able to pay for her keep and she stripped off her gown.

Marta stood, her body assuming the poses so often asked for. She thrust out her chest, then bent at the waist, her back to the man and her ass proudly presented. Marta reached between her legs, opening her naughty place to his gaze and bit her lip. She tried everything she could think of, but the man just stood there, watching and not saying a word.

Marta was confused, and not a little bit scared. The man didn't say anything, and he didn't even have a camera, but she could see his penis, his cock stretching out the material of his pants. Maybe she was too big, too old for this. Maybe if she did the things her mother used to do, that she had seen the whores do to the men who visited, maybe that would please him.

Kneeling in front of the man, she rubbed her palm against the swelling in his pants, looking up to see how he reacted. When she heard him moan, she knew that this was the right thing and she reached for his zipper. She would be a good girl and everything would be allright.

Then the fat Doctor arrived, Dr. Wallace, and he was very, very angry. He grabbed the man, the one whose penis she had been reaching for, and dragged him from the room. Marta could hear them shouting in the hallway outside, and she hid in the bathroom, afraid of what would come next.

When the doctor came back, and when he found her hiding, he explained that he was not angry with her. He was angry with the man. He was mad because it was against the rules, he was not allowed to touch her, not allowed to touch any patient like that. He tried to explain why, but it left Marta confused again.

That evening, and all through the next week, Marta's meals were brought by an older man who refused to even look at her, placing her tray on a table by the door and leaving as quickly as possible.

Doctor Wallace still came by to talk to her, but he seemed like he was not as happy as before. He began to talk about Marta leaving, and she just knew it was because she wasn't good enough. If she had managed to make that younger man have his good feeling, then he would have been happy.

He explained that he had given her a bed because she needed it, but that he had to have the space for a new patient. He said that he was looking for a new home, a new place for Marta to live, a place where she would feel safe.

The following day, Doctor Wallace looked happy again! He told her that he had been discussing her with a friend and colleague, one of the ladies from that other place she went after the hospital. They had a new home for her if she wanted. Doctor Wallace was sure that Marta would like it, but he also assured her that after she met the man who would help, she could refuse if it made her uncomfortable.

Marta was still sure that it was because she was not good enough. She couldn't get Doctor Wallace excited, and she failed with the younger man, so maybe they were giving her away, maybe to someone mean. The thought frightened her, but in an indistinct, distant sort of way. This had been nice, but life wasn't soft beds and lots of food, life was out there, waiting. She decided that she was going to be a good girl, that she was going to do her best to make this new man happy. Maybe he would keep her, maybe he would be nice like the Doctor.

Doctor Wallace had brought a small suitcase with him, and when he laid it on the bed and opened it, the inside was filled with clothes. He said that they all belonged to Marta, but she had never owned any real clothes of her own, just some panties and bras with holes in them. They seemed like clothes for the men who visited her, rather than for her. They were tiny, and fully of small holes all over, with bigger holes over her nipples and her naughty parts. It never made a lot of sense to her, but it made the men happy.

These clothes were different. There were shirts and pants, solid panties and socks and even some sandals.

The Doctor seemed uncomfortable when he had to show her how to wear them, but he seemed very pleased when she was all dressed, staring at herself in the mirror.

The next day he came for her, very excited, and was waving a piece of paper around. Shoving it into her hands, he kept pointing to something.

"Right there! The police found it in your mother's papers. Your name is Christina. Christina, how does that sound? Do you like it? It is a very pretty name!"

Marta just shrugged and, after a moment, gave an emphatic shake of her head. She didn't like it, not at all. She didn't know who Christina was, and she was just starting to learn who Marta was. She liked Marta.

"But..." he sputtered, looking at her, and at the paper in her hands. "It says Christina, can't you see that?"

Marta shook her head again, not sure exactly what he meant.

The fat Doctor looked sad, shaking his head. "You can't read, can you. I am an old fool, and I don't know why I assumed you could. Forgive me, my dear. You ... you really don't like Christina?"

Marta shook her head, slowly this time, fearful that she was just making him more upset. She knew he wanted her to be honest, he was constantly telling her so, but she still feared doing the wrong thing.

"You want to be Marta?" He had a strange look on his face, almost a smile, but a sad smile.

Marta nodded emphatically, leaving no doubt what she wanted.

He just smiled, and turned away for a moment. When he turned back, his eyes were a little wet, like he wanted to cry, but men don't cry so she was sure that she was wrong about that too. Dr. Wallace turned to her bed and showed her how to pack her things in the little suitcase. Then he took her by the hand and led her out of the room, and down some stairs. He took her over to a man who was waiting.

The new man was very tall, at least when compared to Doctor Wallace. He was even taller than the men who brought her food or the man who put that needle in her arm at the hospital. He had a very nice face, but he looked nervous, like some of her clients did the first time they came to play with her.

"Marta, I am Joe, and it's really nice to meet you. Doctor Wallace told you I was coming to see you?"

He had a very nice voice, very deep. Marta looked first to Wallace, as if seeking permission, then, eyes cast toward the ground, her head bent, slowly nodded at Joe.

"Marta, Doctor Wallace thought that we could be friends, that maybe we could help each other. See, I live all by myself in this big house and it gets a little lonely there. I was told that you need a place to stay, and I was thinking that you might like to come and help keep that big place from feeling so empty."

Joe waited, but Marta didn't move. She gave no indication that she had even heard a word he had said. He pressed on anyway.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Next Page
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top   [Bookmark Next Page] | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Reluctant_Sir's Page « The Reluctant Sir Index « Chapter 1 |   Bottom
Chapter 2: Marta's Tale
Posted: September 19, 2015 - 12:34:59 pm
Updated: September 19, 2015 - 03:46:30 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

"You would have your own bedroom, and your own bathroom, and as much space and privacy as you could want. You even get your own TV and your own telephone. Does that sound like something you might like?" Joe was starting to worry that she wouldn't respond at all, and that his trip here was doomed.

He was immensely gratified to see that Marta had nodded, just once, but it was definite.

"Would you like to come home with me? I won't make you, you know. It is completely up to you."

Marta looked at Doctor Wallace again, but his face was placid and unconcerned, evincing neither approval nor disapproval, just polite interest.

Marta seemed to freeze for a moment, then nodded a Joe again before shrinking back a bit, as if she feared she had been too forward.

Wallace stepped forward and, because he still lightly held Marta's hand, encouraged her to step up as well. He handed Joe the bag he carried, then he placed her thin hand into Joe's, then stepped aside.

Joe's hand was warm and soft, but strong, and Marta decided she liked it. He smelled nice too, something she could appreciate. He spoke for a minute longer to Doctor Wallace, and then led her towards the door.

Behind her, she heard the Doctor speak, "We will see each other again soon, my dear. I will ask Joe to bring you to see me in a couple of weeks, after you have settled in. We still have a lot to talk about, you and I." but she didn't bother to turn and look, he had given her to this new man, maybe he even sold her like her mother had talked about. She belonged to Joe, and that was all that was important right now.

Joe opened the car door for her and, after she was in place, showed her how to use the seatbelt. The thought of being restrained was a little frightening, but Joe explained that it was for safety, in case of a crash, and she allowed him to fasten it around her.

When Joe stopped his car and ordered food from a funny clown with a speaker in its mouth, she was fascinated. Even more so when he pulled forward and they gave him the bags. The smell made her mouth water and the drink, he called it a shake, was the best thing she had ever tasted. She began to hope, just a little, that Joe would like her, that she might be able to be happy with him.

His house, when they arrived, was not as big as the hospital, but it was a lot bigger than her old apartment. There were so many rooms! There was living room, but it was nothing like her mother's had looked, and a room where Joe said he worked full of TVs. There was a room just for eating, and another place to sit and eat in the kitchen. The kitchen was very nice, and his refrigerator was full of food! He had a whole other room just for more food. He had a room full of metal things and three bathrooms, and two big bedrooms.

Joe showed her one bedroom and told her that it belonged to her. He had some keys in his hand and unlocked the door. Then he tried to hand the keys to her, but she knew that was wrong. She wasn't allowed to touch her mother's keys, and she was determined to be a good girl for Joe.

He told her the television was hers and that she could watch it any time she wanted. There was something called a DVR, but it didn't make a lot of sense, then he said she had blue teeth or something like that, and she hid her hand behind her mouth, vowing silently to brush her teeth extra hard tonight. She knew men like her to have fresh breath, even if she was just going to get all yucky later.

Marta was feeling a bit out of sorts, this whole thing being so strange to her, but she also felt something else that was strange. She was feeling hopeful. So far, Joe had been very nice to her, and he hadn't touched her at all, or not yet anyway.

When he said he had some work to do, she waited a moment, then followed him. He had said that his office was off-limits, and that it meant she was not allowed to go in there, so she sat on the couch so she could see outside, and waited for him. He would want her, when he was ready, and she should be waiting. She could see him in his office, clicking away in front of the televisions and talking on the phone.

He was a very handsome man, she thought, and she found herself wondering if he would be gentle, if he would give her that good feeling like some of the men had given to the whores. She could remember their moans, their cries as the men did things to them, and she thought for sure that it would be better than touching herself.

Later, when he made dinner, he gave her a plate full. It was very good, crunchy and sweet. She stood by the counter, even when he wanted her to sit down, knowing that it wasn't right. She wasn't allowed at the table, and never had been. Joe ate much slower, and he watched her all the time. He looked unhappy, and that bothered Marta. She wanted him happy, wanted him to be happy with her, but didn't know what do to. He kept saying she could do things, things she had learned the hard way not to do, and he was upset when she couldn't, but wouldn't he be upset if she did? It was all very hard.

When Joe sent her to her room, telling her it was time for bed, she quickly got undressed and waited for him, but he never came. She sat there, naked and ready, but he never came in for her.

Putting on the gown that Doctor Wallace had called a nightshirt, she picked up the keys that Joe had left for her and crept quietly through the house. She laid the keys on Joe's desk in the office where he could find them when he needed to lock her in, and then walked to his bedroom, sneaking a peek around the door frame. He was laying on his back, his arms and legs spread, and was sound asleep. Being very quiet, she crawled into the room and curled up on the floor by his bed. The floor was hard and cold, but it was still warmer than her closet had been and her nightshirt was very soft.

She would sleep here and if Joe woke up, he would know she was a good girl. If he wanted her during the night, she would be right here, waiting for him.

Something nudged her awake, and she started, sitting up and seeing Joe on the far side of the bed. He looked angry! Ducking down, she curled up as small as possible, hoping that he wouldn't hit her too hard. She hadn't meant to make him mad.

When he touched her, just a light touch on the shoulder, she shivered.

"Marta, why are you in my room? Did you wake up early?" he asked, his voice calm.

She just shook her head.

"You didn't sleep here, did you?" and his sigh sounded almost tired when she nodded.

"Oh my. Look, honey ... it's ok, I am not angry with you, I just feel bad about you sleeping on the cold floor. I want you to feel comfortable here, and safe."

After breakfast, Joe showed her how to work the television and he put on a show filled with funny cartoon people. One of her mother's whores had liked to watch cartoons and, a couple of times, she even let Marta watch, at least until her mother woke up. It didn't happen often, and usually only after she had sniffed that weird stuff, but it had been nice.

The next few weeks were filled with discovery for her. Joe really did want her to be happy. He talked to her, and spent time with her. He gave her wonderful things to eat and he taught her so many new things. He taught her to wash the dishes, and how to do laundry. He let her follow him out to his other building, he called it a garage, and watch as he worked out there.

She loved watching him, loved the way his brow creased when he was concentrating on something, and the way he would smile when she did something he liked. He even laughed sometimes, and she thought it was the best sound in the world. His whole face would smile when he laughed, and it made her smile too.

Every night he would walk her to her room, say good night, and then go to his own bedroom. Every night, Marta would sneak in and curl up by his bed, determined to be there when he finally wanted her. After several nights, he got angry with her and she was sure that he was going to beat her, but instead, he allowed her to sleep in his bed with him. It was heaven.

He even put his arm around her. Her time was coming, she just knew it.

After that, Marta would sleep in the bed with Joe, always keeping carefully out of his way, but loving the feeling of the soft mattress and loving that he was just an arm's length away. Her morning showers were filled with thoughts of what could happen, what she wanted to happen and, when she discovered that the hand-held shower head could put water right where she needed it, her showers became the highlight of her day.

She would fantasize about Joe joining her in the shower, about his strong hands touching her. She would aim the water at her special spot and pretend it was him, that he wanted her.

As the weeks turned into months, Marta was happier than she could ever remember being. Joe took her places like the supermarket, and he even encouraged her to pick out things that she liked! He took her to the mall too, and that place was so much fun. It was almost overwhelming, all those people and all those pretty things. He bought her clothes and presents and he smiled more and more. Marta would have gladly given all the clothes and presents back if he would just smile at her in that special way.

The only down side to this whole thing, at least in Marta's mind, was Joe's insistence that she go and see Doctor Wallace. She hated to go back to the clinic. She hated all his questions and the way he kept pushing her. She didn't want to remember, didn't want to hear about what had happened and she never, ever wanted to hear about her mother ever again. It always made her unhappy, but she couldn't help it. When she came out of the appointments, she could tell that Joe was unhappy too, and that made things worse.

Joe had been insisting for months that she had the right to say no, but she had been too afraid to try, but enough was enough and she wasn't going back. When Joe told her it was time to go and see Doctor Wallace again, her heart was in her throat when she shook her head no.

Joe wasn't angry though, much to her surprise. He wasn't even upset. He just asked if she was sure and when she nodded, he never asked her to go there again. In that moment, Marta felt something new, something special. She was in love with this strange, wonderful man.

Marta was more determined than ever that Joe notice her, that he want her. As much as she loved her showers, it wasn't enough. She wanted him to touch her, wanted to feel his hands and his lips on her. Wanted to make him feel good, to do all those things she knew that her mother would do with men. With Joe, those things sounded appealing, and the thought made her tingle. If only he would.

He had bought her clothes, lots of clothes, but she had spent so long naked that they really didn't much appeal to her. She had already learned that it made Joe angry if she walked around naked, so she started paying attention to the way Joe looked at her when she wore the clothes he had bought.

He seemed to like the shorts he bought, and she felt his eyes on her legs and on her butt when she wore then. A sweatshirt made him look away, but a t-shirt caught his eye every time. When she didn't wear underwear or a bra, Joe spent a lot of time pretending not to watch her, and it made her tingle when she would catch him. As she discovered the clothes he liked, she would wear them more and more. He even complimented her, making her heart race and bringing a smile to her face.

Marta became obsessed with wanting to know if Joe did what she did, during his showers. One morning, her heart in her throat, she snuck into his bathroom and sat on his toilet. His shower doors was kinda see-through, but not really. She could see his shape moving behind the glass, and she was imagining him washing, his hands gliding over his strong chest and arms, and even his cock.

When she saw him stroking himself, the motion almost clear through the white glass, she was thrilled. She wanted so badly to join him in there, but she didn't have the nerve, afraid she would make him angry. So she sat and watched, her hand stealing between her own legs, touching and rubbing.

When he came out of the shower and saw her sitting there, he looked flushed, his face red, but he didn't say anything. He just went to the sink and shaved, another act that Marta found fascinating.

Then things changed, but for the better in Marta's mind. She heard him on the phone, talking about how much he wanted her, how tempting she was and how sexy. Now it was just a matter of time, and Marta was more determined than ever. She would become the perfect girl for him.

Her mind racing, things began to fall into place. He like to watch her clean, and smiled when she did the dishes. She could feel his eyes on her when she would kneel down and clean the floor, or when she would be straightening up like he taught her. He would get excited by that, the shape of his cock clearly evident through his trousers. Even the looks he gave her when she would sleep on the floor by his bed, it was all starting to make sense.

She had the beginnings of a plan.

When Joe hung up the phone, he was upset, silent tears running down his cheeks. When he held out his hand to her, inviting her into his office, Marta rushed to him and fell to her knees, wrapping her arms around his legs. It frightened her, those tears, and her own tears filled her eyes. Had she waited too long? Had she made him cry?

"It's okay, honey. Everything is just fine." His voice was calm, but full of emotion. He stroked her hair and Marta could feel herself relax, realizing that whatever had caused him to cry, it hadn't been what she had feared.

Lunch was different. Instead of Joe looking uncomfortable, he was smiling at her, watching her openly instead of sneaking looks. Marta was ecstatic, knowing that she finally understood, finally had a way to show him she was worthy.

At bed time, Marta was ready and waiting when Joe finished washing up. When he came out of the bathroom, Marta was kneeling on the floor by his pillow, waiting. As she expected, this seemed to please him, because he reached for her, pulling her up on the bed and he let her lay next to him. When he put his arm around her, letting her snuggle up against him, she shivered, adoring the feel of his body against her own. Marta hugged the hand tightly to her chest, holding him tight to her and, with his masculine scent in her nose, she closed her eyes and waited.

Joe didn't make a move that night, didn't touch her like she longed to be touched, but he did hold her close all night long and, for now, that was enough. The rest will come. When morning came, and he got out of bed, Marta felt a sense of loss, an emptiness beside her. She had slept better last night than she could ever remember, and she never wanted it to end.

Marta's plan was in full effect, and she made sure that whenever Joe was not actively doing something else, that she was there, touching, holding his hand. When Joe would sit down, Marta would kneel at his feet, her head on his lap or her hand on his knee. When he would stroke her hair, it was like heaven.

Joe seemed a little uncomfortable, at first, with her sitting at his feet, but he seemed to come around after a while, and his smiles told her that she was doing the right thing. Marta knew that she was winning him over, and that made her very happy.

Each day it was the same, and each day, Joe smiled more at her, touched her arm, stroked her hair, hugged her to him. At night she would kneel by his pillow until he invited her into bed, and she would sleep in his arms, her dreams filled with how she wanted life to be. When he kissed her on the cheek, she felt a thrill, knowing that it was time! It was finally time!

She rolled over to face him, staring into his eyes and seeing the desire there, and softly pressed her lips to his. When he responded, his tongue darting out to touch her lips, she crooned softly, pushing herself against him, feeling his hard cock pushing against her belly. Her nipples were so hard, so sensitive and as they rubbed against his chest, she couldn't help but giggle. It was like there was a direct connection from her nipples to her naughty places ... her pussy!

She was disappointed when he broke the kiss, but the happiness in his eyes was enough for now. He pulled her close to him, tucking her head under his chin and entire body pressed to her. She fell asleep that way, a little disappointed, but content to let Joe lead the way, as it should be.

The next morning she moved her plan ahead again, waiting for him like always as he showered. He had become comfortable with her presence in the bathroom now, and she knew that her next step was risky, but sure that she was doing the right thing.

When he was done, when he stepped out of the shower, she was ready. Marta was kneeling by the shower door, a towel in her hand. She knew that he liked this, he liked her to serve him, and it gave her a special thrill to do these things, to make him smile at her.

She started with his feet, carefully drying each one, then worked her way up his calves and thighs. When she raised her eyes, the object of her desire was right there, jutting out proudly from his groin. Marta was fascinated. While she had seen several cocks, some being enjoyed by her mother and the whores who lived with them, some being stroked by their owners as they took pictures of her, but this was the first naked cock she had ever seen up close.

It was magnificent. Without even thinking, she reached out with a finger, touching it, dragging her finger down the length of it and marveling at the heat it gave off. Marta wrapped her fingers around it, stroking and exploring, learning about its shape, its soft skin over a hard center and, when Joe gasped, she could see the naked desire, the lust in his eyes.

She watched his face, his eyes as she stroked the shaft, trying to do the same thing he had done that day in the shower, what she had always hoped to see again when she watched.

Her other hand came up and she touched the wrinkled sack, his balls, and felt them in her hand, softly exploring the round globes inside. She was thrilled by the moan that evoked, but even more so by the ropes of thick liquid that spurted from his cock, landing in her hair, on her forehead and cheek. The last spurt, barely more than a dribble, landed on her lower lip and, without thinking, her tongue darted out and drew that drop in, tasting.

Joe sank to his knees, his hands on her shoulders and his eyes closed, a beautiful smile on his face. Marta smiled back at him, even if he couldn't see her at the moment, and used her finger to wipe some of his cum from her cheek. She stuck her finger in her mouth, cleaning it, and tasting more of his cum, rolling it around. It was warm and salty, the flavor odd but not distasteful. That it had come out of Joe was enough for her, and she reached for more.

Joe grabbed a washcloth and insisted on washing the rest from her face and hair, and Marta was content to let him, enjoying his touch. As he wiped her chin, she thrust her chest forward, hoping to entice him into continuing, into washing and caressing her breasts, her nipples. Her own hand dipped down between her legs, touching, rubbing, hoping he would take the hint.

She let her head fall forward, her tongue darting out, capturing drops of water from his skin where she had not yet dried him. She licked and kissed his neck, his shoulder, his chest.

Joe growled, deep in his chest, then stood and pulled her to her feet, crushed her to him and capturing her lips with his own. His hard cock pressed against her t-shirt clad belly when what Marta really wanted was it inside her. When her hands drifted down to grab his bare ass cheeks, he lifted her, held her in his arms and carried her back into the bedroom to lay her on the bed, then stood over her smiling.

Marta's eyes roamed his naked body, taking in the firm muscles, the lean hard stomach and then fastening on the object of her desire. She held out her arms to him, her smile bright and inviting. Joe came to her, offering his lips again and she attacked them, pulling him to her, loving the weight of his body against hers. Joe pulled back long enough to grasp the lower hem of her shirt, pulling it slowly up and over her head, tossing it over his shoulder.

He knelt there on the bed, his eyes devouring her body and Marta just preened, enjoying his lustful gaze, knowing that he was hers now, and she was his. When he reached for her again, he lowered his head and took her nipple between his lips. Marta had played with her own nipples, and enjoyed the sensation, but she had never felt anything like this. His lips were on fire, and the heat of his tongue as it bathed each of her nipples seemed to drive a spike straight to her pussy, making it pulse with every heart beat.

When Joe pulled away at last, Marta whimpered, wanting that wonderful feeling to continue. She didn't pine for long though as Joe began kissing his way down her torso, his tongue leaving a trail of fiery desire on her ribs, her stomach and, finally, just above the waistband of her shorts. He placed a kiss right on her pussy, through the material of her shorts and she felt him growl, the vibrations making her pussy even wetter.

He grabbed the waistband of her shorts in his teeth and pretended to struggle, pulling her shorts slowly down her hip. Marta lifted her ass to help and was rewarded when the shorts slid further, baring her to his gaze. She couldn't stand it and used her hands to whip the shorts down and off, wanting nothing between her and her man.

When Joe's tongue reached out and touched her there, she was a little apprehensive. She hadn't much liked having to do that and she feared he would feel the same, but all worries disappeared when he began to kiss and lick her, nibbling and tasting. She was lost in a world of pleasure and desire, and his touch was making her feel better than her own fingers ever had.

She buried her fingers in his hair, urging him on, holding him in place and practically begging for more. When his finger slowly forced its way inside of her, she wanted to scream, to cry out her triumph. Then it got even better. His finger found a place that she hadn't known even existed, and his touch drove her wild, electricity seemed to shoot through her entire frame. She couldn't stop her back from arching, from shoving her pussy into his face.

When she came, she felt like the whole world stopped, at least for the moment. Joe, however, had other ideas and he kept stroking her, licking her, driving her wild until it was too much, too intense and her hands, once pulling him closer, were pushing him away, begging him to stop before he killed her.

Marta lay there panting, wondering if anything could even feel as good as that had felt. Joe crawled slowly up her body, planting little kisses on her sweating skin, making her shiver and her nipples get even harder. He lay beside her, nibbling on her neck, his arm across her chest and hugging her to him.

Marta turned to him and kissed him hard, pouring out her love for him and thrilling at the taste of her on his lips. She held his face in her hands, staring into his eyes, trying to show him, to tell him all that he meant to her. When she softly pressed her lips to his forehead, she felt him shudder and his arms tighten around her.

Marta wanted him, wanted all of him, and she pulled on his arms, urging him to continue, to take her, but Joe just smiled and hugged her again before laying back.

Marta wanted to scream out her frustration, not understanding why he would stop, why he would refuse her this one last thing. Why didn't he take her? Didn't he understand that she was his? That she needed him?

They lay there for what seemed like hours, kissing and snuggling. Marta was disappointed, but she didn't let it show, knowing somehow that Joe needed to be the one who decided. Joe was the one in charge and it was her job to make him happy.

When their stomachs began to rumble, Joe smiled down at her and placed a tender kiss on the tip of her nose before rising. He dressed in shorts and a t-shirt, then padded out of the room. Marta, determined to entice Joe into doing what she knew he wanted to do, refused to dress and followed him, naked, to the kitchen.

While Joe made sandwiches and put some soup on the stove for their meal, Marta simply knelt at his feet, her hand lightly on his calf, her eyes watching his every move. Joe would look down at her, a perplexed expression on his face, then smile and stroke her hair before moving to the next step. When lunch was ready, Joe placed it all on a tray and, avoiding Marta's attempt to take it from him, carried it over to the couch in the living room.

Marta followed behind, not sure why he was resisting, refusing to let her do her job, but she knew better than to push. He would come around, he would eventually let her serve him like she should.

When Joe sat on the couch, Marta knelt at his feet and lay her chin on his knee with a sigh. She was surprised when Joe stood up again, then sat on the floor next to her. That wasn't right, not at all.

Shocking even herself, she took the tray from his lap and lay it carefully on the couch, then reached for his hands. Ignoring the confused look on his face, she pulled and Joe capitulated, taking her hands and standing again. She patted the cushion on the couch, urging him to sit down, and then pushed against his chest, insisting.

When Joe was seated again, and she had placed the tray in his lap, she knelt back down and put her chin on his knee again with a sigh. He shook his head, looking down at her with an odd expression, but she could see in his face that he had given in to her. With a grin, he passed her a sandwich and they ate together in silence.

When lunch was over, they sat for a while in a companionable silence, Joe lightly stroking Marta's hair and just enjoying the stillness. Marta had other ideas. She could see his cock, up the leg of the loose shorts, and she had been sneaking looks at it, marveling at how that small, wrinkled thing was, just a little while ago, a huge and throbbing sign of his desire.

Wriggling between Joe's knees, she slid her hand up the leg of his shorts and around his cock, fondling it and, thrilled, fished it out through the opening and watched it grow back to its former size. She inspected it, looking closely at how the veins ran the length, the long bump on the underside and the spongy head that looked and felt so soft. A drop of precum glistened on the tip and, when she ran her thumb over the drop, she smiled at how warm and slippery it was.

Unable to resist, she licked the next drop from the tip and felt Joe jerk. When she looked upwards, she could see the passion back in his eyes, those eyes fastened on the tip of her tongue where it rested.

She kept her eyes on his as she bent down and began to run her tongue up the shaft, circling it around the head and back down the other side. Every move she made seemed to make his cock even harder, make lust even more evident.

Joe reached down to the base of his cock and rubbed the head across her lips. Knowing what he wanted, knowing what she wanted, Marta opened her mouth and let the head slide inside. It was a wonderful feeling, so very warm and soft against her tongue. She could even feel the beat of his heart through his cock and the thought made her tingle.

Taking more and more of his shaft into her mouth, she kept her tongue moving along the underside until the head reached the back of her throat, making her gag. She pulled back until just the head was still surrounded by her lips, and looked up at him, hoping he was not angry. Joe just looked intent, smiling down at her and she was relieved.

She began to stroke his cock with her mouth, feeling his hands on her head urging her to continue. When his hips began to hunch, to meet her downward strokes, she knew he was enjoying her attentions. It wasn't long before she felt his hands gently pushing her back, and she realized he was about to spurt again.

Marta resisted, keeping the head of his cock in her mouth as she felt the shaft expand a little, spurts of his cum jetting on to her tongue. She swallowed, determined to catch every drop this time, and her tongue continued to tease, to stroke that spot under the head that made him shudder.

When his cum stopped spurting, Joe gently, but firmly, pushed her head way. "Too much, baby girl, it's too sensitive!"

Marta grinned up at him, knowing exactly how he felt, and then darted her tongue out to take one last lick, smiling at the shudder that ran through him. When he relaxed, breathing deeply and his head back against the cushions of the couch, she lay her cheek on his thigh, content for the moment.

That night started as the nights before, but this time when Joe invited Marta into bed, instead of letting her cuddle, he pulled her to him. Marta was ready, ready for him, for this. This was her time and she was not going to let him stop halfway again.

When Joe crawled down her body and began teasing her with his tongue, Marta was almost frantic, latching on to his arms and trying to force him to come back up where he belonged. Joe just grinned at her, and though she loved his smile, and especially that evil glint in her eye, she scowled at him, reaching for his cock.

When Joe relented, and crawled back towards her, she gasped as she felt the head of his cock touching her, rubbing against her. She hunched her hips, trying to trap it, force it in side, but Joe had other ideas. He grabbed her, wrapped his arms around her and rolled.

Marta was frustrated, and not comfortable with this. She wanted him on her and in her, his weight holding her, pinning her to the bed, but Joe was adamant.

"Do you trust me, Marta?" he asked, his voice soft.

Marta nodded, biting her lip.

"This will be better the first time, okay? Sit up now, and scoot down. Let me show you."

Marta did as he asked, still unsure, but at least he was not refusing this time. She scooted back, lifting her butt up so that she would not hurt him, and when it had dragged, oh so sexily, along her ass and her pussy, only to flop out and slap against his belly, she started feeling rebellious.

Joe just smiled up at her, pushing his cock up so that it rode between her lips, the shaft touching that special spot, and moved her hands so that she could hold it there. Then, both hands on her breasts, he began teasing her nipples as he humped his hips, sliding his cock along her groove and making her sigh.

Marta took the hint, holding his erection so that it rubbed against her clit on the up and down stroke. She could feel herself getting wet and that wetness was covering his cock, his fingers on her nipples were driving her wild. Enough was enough though, and Marta lifted up, placing the head against her opening, and began to lower herself.

There was something wrong. She had put her finger in there, and Joe had put his finger in there, but it still hurt, he was too big! She lowered her face, staring down at where they were joined and took a deep breath. Letting her legs relax, her own body weight forced his cock inside of her. It only hurt for a minute and then, much to her delight, it felt like something moved, or broke and the pain was gone.

She closed her eyes, feeling him slowly fill her, fulfill her. When she reached bottom, when he was firmly lodged inside of her where she knew he belonged, she looked up at him and smiled. It felt so very good and she couldn't help but move her hips, loving the feeling of him moving with her.

Joe urged her up, grasping her butt cheeks and lifting, and Marta smiled even more. It felt as good pulling out as it did going in, and before she knew it, she had the rhythm, she had the movement she wanted. Up, and down, faster and faster, she was lost in the sensation, lost in the pleasure that radiated from her center and seemed to fill her whole body.

She could feel it coming, but different, more, better ... it was building and she wanted it, she wanted it more than anything. Faster she moved, slamming herself down on him, feeling his cock punishing her inside, the faint pain making the pleasure sweeter. It was coming ... it was ... When Joe reached down and put his thumb on her spot and started rubbing, she thought she was going to explode!

When her orgasm hit, she threw her head back and just groaned, all her frustration, all her longing released in a low, guttural tone that seemed to echo off the walls of the bedroom. She froze, unable to move, unable to think. Faintly, she could sense Joe moving, thrusting up into her again, and again, and then he came too, his cum splashing deep inside of her, and it seemed to prolong her pleasure, taking her over the top again until it felt like she couldn't breathe.

She collapsed against his chest, her breath coming in gasps and her heart feeling like it was trying to burst from her chest. She kissed his chest, again and again, knowing that finally she had him, finally he was hers and she was his. She loved this man.

Joe was whispering in her ear, his hands stroking her hair and her back, telling her that he loved her, that he was so lucky that she was in his life. Marta couldn't move, and wouldn't have moved if the house was burning down around her. She was exactly where she wanted to be, where she needed to be, where she was supposed to be.

After that night, life changed for them both. Marta knew that she was right all along, that she had earned his love by being a good girl. She worked harder than ever, making sure the house was clean, making him teach her to cook so that she could do that for him as well.

He no longer forbid her to enter his office, and she loved kneeling at his feet while he worked, sometimes teasing him, sometimes taking his lovely cock into her mouth when he least expected it.

She knew he liked to look at her body, and she had never gotten used to wearing clothes, so she went back to being naked all the time, making a special effort to present herself to him whenever she felt him watching. Instead of kneeling to pick up something that had been dropped, she would bend at the waist and watch his eyes fasten on her, smiling to herself.

When she thought he was working too hard, or worrying about something, she even teased him, kneeling on all fours, her butt in the air, wiggling and waiting. She would wait until he was looking at her and then begin rubbing her pussy, licking her lips and silently begging for him to take a break and play with her. He seemed to like that.

When Joe had to leave the house, to go for a meeting, or to run errands, Marta was always there, on her knees, her mouth open. She loved the feel of his hard cock in her mouth, the taste of him on her tongue.

She didn't like it when he left her alone, and she worried about him. She wanted him here where she could care for him. Who out there, in that scary world, would love him like she did? She wanted him to leave with a smile, and hurry home again.

Then he would go, and she would watch out the window until he was out of sight. She would sit there, at the window, and wait.

Sometimes, when it was all too much, when he had been gone too long, she would whisper, oh so quietly, into the stillness.

"I'm a good girl."

Authors Note: This will continue to be marked as "To be continued". I am working on other stories right now, but I would like to come back to this story later.


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Many thanks to the proofreading genius of Papakilo14 for making me look much better!
<b>Authors Note:</b> This will continue to be marked as "To be continued". I am working on other stories right now, but I would like to come back to this story later.        
Your opinion is important:
Share with others what you think about
"The Reluctant Sir"
     

The End
Share: twitter Tweet

Go to Reluctant_Sir’s Blog
Last entry on 2016-06-14
Posted: 2015-09-16
Version: 1.00
Home | Top | Reluctant_Sir's Page |   Feedback to author


