Sissification 101  by silkstockingslover (Literotica)

Summary: Straight guy is caught watching sissy porn and...

Note 1: Thanks to Eric who requested and helped plot this lengthy story.

Note 2: Thanks to Tex Beethoven and Robert for editing.

Note 3: All characters are at least 18 years old.

Sissification 101: Ch. 01 

1. MY SISSY CURIOSITY

I've always liked nylons. I grew up when they were still popular and worn by many teachers (unlike now), plus by most cheerleaders, and some of the nerdy girls... it wasn't as great as the wild fashion of the eighties, but still better than the bare-legs laziness to date so far in the 21st Century.

I loved looking at women's legs in nylons, especially if they had a sheer shine to them.

I was drawn even more to nylon-clad feet. If a girl was sitting at a desk within my view, I'd just stare at her feet, praying for her to slip her feet out of her shoes. Although I loved seeing legs in nylons, I liked seeing feet in nylons even better. I couldn't explain it then, I can't explain it now. Just the sight of someone's feet and toes in nylons, regardless of the woman's age, and I get hard. (Yes, that's still true today.) If I see a teenager's feet in nylons, I instantly get erect. If I see my girlfriend's feet in nylons, I instantly want to fuck her. If I see a grandma's feet in nylons, I still get turned on. The truth is pretty simple... nylons, and especially nylon-clad feet, are my sexual kryptonite.

They always have been.

Back when I was in school and I saw a teacher or another student in pantyhose, I'd daydream about rubbing my hands on their legs, or about having them rubbing their feet on my cock. Sometimes, but only in private of course, I even wore them myself.

Truth was, occasionally I even wished I was a girl. Being a guy, I was automatically disqualified from wearing pantyhose, or any other variety of nylon hosiery... at least so anyone could tell... which I thought was very unfair.

As I got older, I pushed these fantasies out of my head. The 2000s arrived, and somehow we dodged the bullet of the massive Y2K electronic meltdown everyone had predicted, but the new century did seem to eliminate silk hosiery as a fashionable accessory.

Spying a woman wearing hosiery became rare, and seeing a woman's feet in hosiery became almost as rare as stumbling across a needle in a haystack (although far less painful).

Thankfully, what the 2000s did herald was porn going mainstream, and throughout my twenties although I dated a few girls, some of them semi-seriously, and one I even thought for a while I might marry, I spent way too much time online.

Doing what online?

Watching porn.

Watching lots of porn.

Online, I could be anonymous.

Online, I could find women wearing nylons.

Online, I discovered I wasn't alone in my nylon fetish.

Online, I found there were fetish websites for pretty much every possible kink... many I hadn't even known existed.

But thankfully, there were many people like me, perhaps not in percentages but certainly in numbers, and therefore many websites that catered to people like me with a nylon fetish.

I've also always been an avid reader. I hid a couple adult sex books in my room as a teenager, had a couple dozen on hand during college, but once the internet exploded, I could read story after story online and not need to worry about someone finding my stash under my mattress. One of my favourite online authors was silkstockingslover, aka Jasmine Walker, a female writer who not only had an unabashed fetish for wearing nylons, but also for seeing other people wearing nylons, and best, who also wrote stories in a variety of categories that turned me on. Because almost all of them featured characters who were wearing nylons, and who made a big deal about doing so.

But I didn't always read porn, frequently I watched it instead. At first, I watched M/F porn and F/F porn, always searching out scenes where the girl was in pantyhose, or thigh highs, or stockings and a garter... and best, scenes where the heels were eventually slipped off.

Yet I also flew through silkstockingslover's extensive collection, or at least the straight, lesbian and incest stories. (I would never do incest, and I was physically incapable of doing lesbian, but they were still kinky to read about.) Eventually I'd read them all... most of them more than a couple of times.

Yet then, I don't know why, other than I just loved the her writing and her captivating characters, and occasionally her clever repartee between characters, plus there being the odd gay-like scene or story (gay themes but not really, such as pegging, cross-dressing, and even guys sucking or being reamed by cocks still without quite being gay, go figure), which made me curious about wearing pantyhose for real. I'd resisted the temptation my entire life because it wasn't considered manly, it seemed to be a gender issue, or maybe a gender identity issue, but suddenly I was discovering there was a whole subculture where men not only wore nylons, but sometimes dressed entirely as women (and wore women's makeup or not, depending).

I read one that triggered me completely, and started me on this wild journey of exploring my sexuality, "Curiosity Fucked the Straight Guy". After that, I read every quasi-gay story she wrote, almost all of them about straight white or Asian guys (I'm Asian) who ended up succumbing to their sudden (or perhaps eventual, but in either case) irresistible fascination with black cock.

Here are a few pornographic themes that appealed to me the most. And in retrospect, I can now see which also influenced me the most.

a. White men submitting to black men.

This was a theme that fascinated me, as I'd always felt myself inferior to black men, and I wanted to know whether that was really the case. It was certainly possible. They were all built stronger than me (with or without serious exercise), and they all had massive cocks... all of them so much bigger than mine. Or at least so I thought, and for some reason felt the need to find out.

I was 1¼ inches soft, and 4½ inches hard. According to my non-scientific research so far, black cocks were almost without fail, double my size, or even more. And whether that was generally the case or not, according to everything I'd seen in porn, that was always the case.

I was so envious of those big black cocks.

So jealous of those big black cocks.

So in awe of how fascinated and lustful the girls got when they saw their first big black cock. The screams they made as that big black cock slid inside them. Their nasty talk and begging as they were fucked by that big black cock; and that wasn't just their first time, that was every time.

No girl had ever done any of those things for me!

I didn't immediately begin to wonder what it would be like to suck a big black cock... no, that never occurred to me at the time... but the seed had been planted in my subconscious, and it would slowly grow inside me, without my knowledge or consent.

b. Married men being pegged.

I wasn't sure whether I ever wanted to get ass fucked... but my curiosity had been awakened by the vivid descriptions in some of silkstockingslover's stories.

I wondered what it would be like to be the girl.

Bent over and fucked.

Dominated by a woman.

I'd always felt inadequate because of my dick size, I assumed women often faked it with me, and pegging was a new kink that had me questioning my sexuality.

c. Crossdressing

Jasmine only had a couple stories featuring crossdressing, but the way she wrote them seemed so liberating... both for me and the characters in the stories.

It led me to go to the mall.

It led me finally, after all these years, to buy a few pairs of sheer pantyhose.

It led me to finally summon up the courage to put a pair on.

I wasn't yet intrigued by the idea of dressing completely as a woman... but again, unbeknownst to me, that seed too was planted in my head and began taking root.

I wasn't bold enough to wear my brave new acquisitions outside, or to work... but the moment I got home, I peeled out of my suit and climbed into a pair of sheer hosiery... which I experimented with during the next number of days... concluding that I usually preferred wearing them without underwear... and I loved slowly rubbing my legs and my cock in the sheer nylons, and I always ended up rubbing myself to orgasm after a few videos and a few stories and coming in my pantyhose.

D. THEN I READ A SISSY HYPNOSIS STORY.

Even after years and countless hours of watching porn online, I had no idea sissy hypnosis was a thing.

Then even after reading Jasmine's vivid, detailed, HypnoSissy series, I still didn't know it was a real thing.

Of course I then googled it... and found on Pornhub that not only was it a thing... it was an entire sub-culture.

There were hypno-sissy videos.

There were hypno-sissy audios.

There were hypno-sissy websites and Mistresses.

There were hypno-sissy captions where actual women portrayed themselves as cross-dressed men.

It was all so surreal.

So captivating.

I'd finally found a place where I belonged.

Sure, it was just the internet... but it was mine. Just like how some shy or insecure or nerdish kids who get bullied at school can feel all mighty and powerful online by playing something like Street Fighter... I felt I could be myself online.

I entered chatrooms and took part.

I watched every hypno-sissy video I could find.

I took to heart hundreds. if not thousands, of sissy captions... all while wearing pantyhose.

I developed, without my realizing it was happening, a massive submissive mentality, as I (now consciously) began fostering an increasingly undeniable desire to be transformed into a sissy slut... for real... to suck a big black cock... for real... to be caged by a strong female personality... for real... to be pegged... to be spit-roasted by big black cocks... to be cuckolded by a woman I loved as she got herself fucked by big black dicks and made me eat her creampies... to be completely sissified... to be coated in cum... to be the center of an orgy and dominated by big dicked black men... all not as online fantasies, but absolutely, factually, for real.

This, of course, was all just fantasy and gave me great orgasms... but I never imagined it would ever be anything more than just fantasy....

Then... over the course of a crazy year... everything listed above came true... once I met Joan.

Joan was, no she is, an amazing woman.

They say opposites attract, and that theory was proven true when we started dating.

She's vivacious; I'm shy.

She's white; I'm Asian.

She's 5'7", which is fairly tall for a woman; I'm 5'5", which is fairly short for a man.

She has big, hypnotic, blue eyes that draw you in; I have bland, undistinctive, brown eyes that are as unnoticeable as they come.

She has lovely, wavy, brown hair that seems to adapt and change colour to best enhance her accessories; I have dull, straight, black hair just like every other Asian (except for the gorgeous ones).

She's athletic and works out every day; my idea of a good workout is masturbating.

She has an amazing slender body; I'm slightly chubby.

She's very pretty, with a few attractive freckles under her eyes, and high cheekbones; me? Well, I'm literally non-descript, with no particular features to set me apart from any other mid-30s Asian guy.

She has a sexy smile; I can't smile without looking a little creepy.

She's confident in who she is, while I'm completely insecure.

It was obvious she was way out of my league and yet, after some coaxing from my coworkers, I asked her out, and she astounded me by accepting.

What we had in common, just looking at the surface for now, was we were both geeky, both passionate about our work, both loved cooking and fine dining, and both were (and still are) very thoughtful, pragmatic people.

Less obvious at first, we also had one more thing in common... we both loved nylons. She wore them to work every day, and on most of our dates when we first started dating, and on all of our dates once I confessed to I having a thing for them. She even wore thigh highs, or a garter-belt and stockings, whenever she came over for sex, or I went to her house for sex.

So, although at first I didn't think I had a chance with such a beautiful woman... we really hit it off, largely because we both loved trying new restaurants, and thus I began living a dual life.

One side of me was: a caring, compassionate, attentive boyfriend with an amazing girlfriend who liked giving head, loved swallowing cum, had an insatiable sexual appetite, and seemed okay with my small dick... although I compensated for that by going down on her even more than she went down on me. I had learned early on that the best way to keep a woman was to treat her well, to respect her, to listen to her carefully and caringly, and frequently to get her off with my tongue better than any man or woman ever had, prior to me.

The other side of me was a pantyhose-wearing sissy whenever I was alone at home. I also watched hypno sissy videos for at least a couple of hours each night. I parroted the degrading words of faceless women with seductive voices, thus degrading myself. I frequently watched BBC porn, focusing more on the big black cock than on the hot woman taking it in any of her three holes. The minute I got home, I cast aside my boring suit (well, that was a bit overdramatic; actually I hung it up neatly), thus exiting that part of my life, and put on pantyhose and nothing else for the rest of the night, as I entered my other life.

This kinky pattern of behaviour became the trigger that changed everything... in a single moment of time. One moment of sexual serendipity... if you believe in that sort of thing... I believed prior to this crazy night, and what happened next, confirmed my belief).

2. CAUGHT YOU IN THE ACT

MONDAY

I was in my home office, in my high end gaming chair (when you spend as much time in a chair as I do, it's well worth the money), watching my favourite BBC hypno-sissy video on my computer screen (24 inches, lol), where every few seconds, a different big black cock was fucking a different mouth, pussy or ass, while the most seductive female voice I'd ever heard constantly ordered me to repeat after her a wide variety of derogatory, submissive, and racially fueled descriptions of myself.

So, I was naked except for my expensive pantyhose (I'd ordered a dozen pairs of luxurious sandalfoot sheer silk pantyhose from Europe six months prior, and had eight pairs still in great shape), slowly rubbing my raging four-and-a-half-inch cock (if a cock as small as mine can be said to rage), parroting in a loud voice saying, "I'm a sissy begging for big black cock and a load of dominant cum," when I suddenly froze, realizing I wasn't alone.

"Oh my," Joan said, her tone sounding as shocked as I instantly felt.

My eyes went wide; I was paralyzed from getting caught in such an act... by my girlfriend!

The female voice on the screen, blithely unaware of what was transpiring in real life, ordered, "Repeat after me. I was born to be a sissy two-hole faggot for every big black cock."

I didn't repeat that one, even though habit made me sorely want to, the idea of being a two-hole slut having become more and more intriguing as time went by, but instead I slowly turned around to see her behind me, standing just inside my office doorway, staring at the screen.

She asked, with no qualities in her voice to give away whether she was shocked, disgusted, stunned, or something else, "So tell me Eric, were you really born to be a sissy two-hole faggot for every big black cock?"

I apologized, terrified of losing the woman I believed I was meant to be with for life, "I'm so sorry Joan, this isn't what it looks like."

"It appears to me that you're watching, as well as participating in, black cock training sissy hypnosis videos," she said, as the video behind me continued to play. "If you can give me another description that makes any sense, I'll be happy to hear it."

The female voice ordered, a sentence I had long ago memorized, actually I'd memorized the entire twenty-two minute clip, having already watched it hundreds, perhaps even a thousand times, "Declare to the world that your purpose in life is to be on your white pathetic knees, worshiping the superior black race."

I frantically spun back around and halted the video, my cheeks burning with shame, having declared that statement almost every night at least a dozen times for over a year.

"Nice pantyhose," she said, although her tone continued to conceal whether she was delivering a compliment or sarcasm.

Caught in the act, I had completely forgotten I was wearing nothing but black pantyhose... compounding my humiliation.

I stammered another apology, "I-I-I'm so sorry."

"How long have you wanted to suck black dick?" she asked, ignoring my apology, and still giving me nary a clue as to what she was thinking.

On the bright side, she hadn't freaked out, thrown anything (both of my prior Asian girlfriends had literally thrown shit at me when they got mad), or stormed out in a fiery rage.

Yet she also hadn't moved a single inch from leaning against the door frame.

Her tone hadn't changed at all.

Her expression was stone cold. Which was how I first learned she had an amazing poker face.

I whispered, shame coursing through me, even though my tiny cock was still hard, "For a while."

"Since before you met me?" she asked.

"Yes," I admitted, which I didn't know was better or worse for me. Was it worse for me to have hidden it when we started dating, or for me to have discovered this twisted side of myself after we started dating? I sensed that the answer I'd just given was the better of the two, if only the lesser of two very humiliating evils.

"Have you ever really sucked a black cock?" she asked, making me a little overwhelmed to be answering such questions to the woman I'd fallen in love with. I'd never imagined this secret fantasy being revealed to anyone I knew in real life.

"No," I answered sheepishly, feeling my cheeks burning with shame.

"Have you ever sucked any cock?"

"No."

"Do you want to suck a black cock?"

I answered with the truest response I could; there was no point in lying now, "Sometimes I do."

"Sometimes?"

"Yes," I said, as I tried to find a way of explaining to her what even I didn't understand myself. Even after years of gradually becoming more and more intrigued by crossdressing, sissification, and especially fascination with black cock, I still had no idea what kept constantly drawing me into this growing obsession.

"So you're saying that sometimes you want to suck a black cock and sometimes you don't?"

I sighed and gave her my most simplistic answer to a surprisingly complex question, "Yes, I do when I'm horny."

"So you want to almost always," she summarized.

I wanted to counter her seemingly playful shot by pointing out that she was almost always horny too, but this didn't seem to be the best time to tell her that (and I sure as fuck would never complain about it. Truth was, I'd never had sex more frequently in my life than since I'd hooked up with her. She was truly insatiable).

She then asked the question I was dreading, the one where I'd see her insecurity peeking out from under cover, "So I'm not enough for you?"

This barb, (or rather reverse barb, since it was really directed at herself), made me feel even worse than getting caught in such a compromised and humiliating position. My obsession had nothing to do with her. In truth, I'd watched fewer sissy videos, been a little less obsessed with black cock, ever since we'd met... although the difference wasn't huge (as in I didn't spend eight hours over a weekend watching every sissy video ever made... usually just two or three hours). I said, "You're more than enough for me, it's just...."


"Just what?" she asked, still sounding more hurt than mortified.

I wasn't sure how I could possibly construct my response to that question without either making me sound like a pathetic faggot, or her sound unsatisfactory, or both. Yet she had already seen the video and me watching it, and had heard the gist of the message it was delivering, so my shameful secret life was already out of the bag, per se. I decided just to lay it on the table, honestly and with no spin. I explained, "Frankly, I have no idea why I get so turned on by these videos, and I won't deny to you that I do. If I had to guess, I'd say it's partly because I feel inferior because of the size of my penis, and... also... because..." I ground to a halt, because even though she'd caught me in the act and I was still wearing my pantyhose, I couldn't come right out and say the next unmentionable thing.

"And what?" she asked, her arms now crossed, which I found more intimidating. I was thankful however that she was still here... most women would have either raged out the door or fled in tears long ago. She was asking probing questions and doing so non-judgementally (although she had still given me no indication of what she felt about it), truly attempting to understand what I was doing, and why I was doing it. If she was washing her hands of me, she wouldn't be bothering.

I looked down to her nylon-clad feet, she was even wearing nylons under her jeans, which made my cock involuntarily flinch in my pantyhose, as I sheepishly admitted to the first person ever in person, a single one more than I'd ever imagined admitting this to (I'd told many people about these feelings online, but always anonymously), "The worst part is that I sometimes wonder what it would be like to be a girl."

"Or just to dress like a girl?"

"Yes, that too," I whispered in shame, as I continued to direct my gaze at the floor and at her sexy feet, her toes, I noticed, painted a cute blue... which was new. Today at work, they'd been red.

"And to suck a cock?"

"A black cock," I corrected her, and then wondered why I'd felt the need to clarify that point. I was certain I was now looking even more pathetic.

"And to be fucked by a black cock? And I understand the distinction you're making."

"I don't know," I said, then admitted my truth, "Well, actually the answer is yes. But only sometimes."

"Ever had anything in your ass?" she asked, beginning to astonish me by her abundance of questions, and also by the familiarity with this subject she must have to be asking these specific questions. She was beginning to appear more intrigued than anything else, which had me more than a little confused.

"No, never," I answered, but not adamantly. I'd considered buying some anal toys, had even gone into an adult store and looked around, but I couldn't build up the courage to take an anal starter kit up to the till, which was attended by a pretty college-age girl. I didn't want to be judged, not even by someone working in a sex shop, so I allowed my insecurity about who I was, keep me from exploring more of my sexuality.

"That's a good call, actually; a proper black cock would tear that ass of yours apart without proper training," she said rather matter-of-factly.

"W-w-what?" I stammered.

"An ass needs to be well prepared before it can take a big black cock inside it," she elaborated.

"Oh," was all I could muster.

"So, do you have any other hidden fantasies other than cross dressing, becoming a girl, sucking black cock, and taking a black dick up your ass?"

The list just as she'd recited it had me utterly humiliated. Yes, I did have many other twisted fantasies, including being spit-roasted by BBC, gangbanged by BBC, and then many daydreams involving her, including Joan pegging me, watching her get fucked by a big black cock or a group of black men, her caging my tiny dick, and eating her cum-filled pussy.

"Oh my God, you do!" she exclaimed, always able to read me.

"But they're all really sick and twisted and embarrassing," I replied sheepishly, completely disgusted with myself. I'd found a way to ruin my first serious relationship in a decade with my sick sexual perversions. A woman I'd thought may very well be The One.

"Nevertheless, tell me," she ordered. Then added, "I want to know every single one."

"That would take a long time," I joked awkwardly.

"I'm not going anywhere," she said, which surprised me yet again. Why was she being so patient? She didn't seem disgusted by any of this. She also didn't seem turned-on, or anything else. She just seemed... I guess the best description I could give was... curious. It seemed she was trying to understand what she had walked into, and what it meant to me... and perhaps even to her, but that would likely be stretching it.

I sighed heavily, not at her, but myself. I began with, "Well... I'd like to be spit-roasted. Which means..."

"I'm familiar with the term. By two black cocks?"

"Yes, otherwise I wouldn't bother."

"Being spit-roasted can be pretty wild," she observed, although her tone was still neutral.

"You've been spit-roasted?" I asked, surprised, although based on the sexual appetite she'd demonstrated with me, I guess I shouldn't have been.

"A few times," she said, then added, only offering me a single detail, although I instantly had lots of questions, "although never by two black cocks."

"Have you ever had a black cock?"

"Two," she answered, but then stressed, leaving me more intrigued, "but we can talk about my history another time; for now, let's focus on your fantasies. What else is there?"

"They're all so embarrassing," I admitted.

She finally moved away from leaning against the doorframe. She walked over to me, dropped to her knees before me and said, "There's nothing about any fantasy to be ashamed of." She then leaned forward and sucked on the head of my cock through my pantyhose.

"Ooooh," I moaned, her unexpected mouth on my cock instantly sending waves of pleasure through my very being, strongly propelled by the rush of relief coursing through me that she wasn't disgusted by me, she wasn't leaving me, and she even seemed to be turned on by all this.

She sat back up as she rubbed my nylon-clad legs and explained, "I know you're ashamed of your fantasies. So I need to tell you that shame isn't a naturally occurring condition. It's inflicted from the outside by judgemental people. So kindly look deep into my eyes and tell me whether I'm judging you."

I did, and all I could see in those lovely blue eyes was caring and compassion. Plus a hint of authority I'd never noticed before. "No. Astonishingly, you're not. I don't see even a hint of criticism coming from you."

"And I can honestly assure you that you're reading me accurately. We can work on alleviating that astonishment as we go along, but right now I want you to tell me everything. Every... single... fantasy."

"You sure?" I asked, still in awe that not only was she still here, but she seemed to want to know all my fantasies. No, that's not right. She was insisting on knowing them all.

"Every single one," she repeated, as she stood up and unbuttoned her jeans. "And I'll take a step towards getting naked after hearing each of them."

"Well... I want to go to a glory hole and suck and swallow the cum from as many big black cocks as I possibly can," I blurted out, dying to see her undress... dying for an opportunity to reveal all my sick twisted fantasies after years of holding them inside... dying to end up fucking her.

She unzipped her jeans, looked at me and said, "Mmmmmmm, and?"

Her 'Mmmmmmm' was perhaps the hottest non-word ever uttered. She was getting turned on by my sissy fantasies. By undressing, she was actually rewarding me for coming up with them. God, she was amazing!

"I want to be the centerpiece of a big black cock bukkake," I listed. I'd been wondering for a while not only what cum tasted like, and what it would feel like in my mouth and gliding down my throat, but also what it would be like to take a facial. In my fantasies, the more humiliating and demeaning something was, the more sexually stimulating I found it. This causal relationship didn't make much sense to me, yet that was my reality.

"Mmmmmmm, so hot," she said in a deliberately seductive tone, as she slid her jeans down her legs to reveal she was wearing a lacy garter-belt and stockings.

"I want to be gangbanged by big black cocks," I added, perving on her black lingerie and her pale violet lace panties.

"Who wouldn't?" she asked rhetorically and wickedly, affirming that she too would enjoy being gangbanged by big black cock.

I asked, needing to remove any doubt, "Do you really want to be gangbanged as well?"

"By big fat cocks?" she asked demurely,

"No, by big fat black cocks," I smiled back, still finding this entire situation surreal and unbelievable.

"Maybe," she shrugged. "But for now I'm neither confirming nor denying anything about my own proclivities; this conversation is about you. So what else?"

Maybe those were her rules, but she'd unmistakably hinted. Which gave me the cajones to reveal the next one. I admitted, "I want to watch you fuck a big black cock."

"Oh my, how flattering," she said, as she lost the jeans completely. "And?"

My perverted list was turning her on. I added, "And then I want to clean out your cream pie."

"Now let me get this straight, with the clear understanding that I'm still not judging you. You want to watch a black stud with a big dick fuck me until he comes inside me, and then you want to eat his big load of cum from my cunt and swallow every last drop? While it's mixed in with my own tasty orgasmic nectar?" she elaborated wickedly. She was a dirty talker when we were having sex, something that always really turned me on. In public she was sweet and caring and impeccably well-spoken... so no one would ever guess how dirty she could talk when she was getting fucked or eaten out. She was the only woman I'd ever met who used the word 'cunt'. But only to me, and only when we were doing something where it worked.

"Yes, all of that, and from your gorgeous cunt," I agreed, as she slipped her panties down to reveal said cunt, along with a new surprise... it was completely bald... which was new.

I stared in hungry awe. Her pink pussy lips were glistening ever so slightly.

"I had a Brazilian a couple days ago," she explained. "Like?"

"It's amazing," I said, unable to stop staring at her ripe, inviting pussy. I loved eating pussy, always have; I'd better, since my dick is so inadequate, and now I could dine without getting the odd pubic hair in my mouth.

"Good. Next one?"

Since I'd already given her so many tawdry revelations, I figured there was no point in turning back now. "I want to be pegged," I answered, and then added, "by you."

"Oh, fun," she smiled, as she raised her t-shirt over her head and off, to reveal she wasn't wearing a bra.

"In my dreams, that's always fun."

"So, you want your hot girlfriend to fuck your cute virgin ass?" she asked, the words sounding so fucking hot coming out of her mouth, especially while she squeezed my tiny cock, which was indeed raging.

"God, yes," I moaned, as she reached behind me, pulled Chrome back up and pressed Play on the video that had been playing.

She spun my chair back around to face the screen and ordered, "I want you to do exactly as the voice tells you to."

"Okay," I said, still in awe of what was happening. She wasn't disgusted by my pathetic-ness. No, she was definitely turned on by it.

The female voice ordered, as a cute blonde in pigtails was being face fucked by a big black cock, "Your purpose is to suck black cock."

"Say it," Joan ordered, as she stood behind me with her hands on my shoulders, assumedly watching the video too.

"My purpose is to suck black cock," I repeated, shame and excitement simultaneously coursing through me.

A black cock pounded a chubby redhead in the ass, as the voice said, "Your cunt is available for every black cock to breed you."

It had originally taken me a while to get used to the videos calling a male asshole a man cunt, or simply a cunt, but over time, I had.

"Say it, sissy," Joan ordered me from behind.

Hearing her call me a sissy was a bit of a surprise, but also a huge turn on, as I obeyed both female voices, "My cunt is available for every black cock to breed me."

A girl on her back was sucking on a big pair of black balls while stroking the thick shaft, as the voice intoned, "Your one and only purpose in life is to worship big black cock."

I repeated, being pulled into the video like I always was, in a hypnotic sort of way, "My one and only purpose in life is to worship big black cock."

"Mmmmmm," Joan moaned from behind me. "Isn't that a nice cock?"

"So nice," I agreed, entranced by the video.

A new scene appeared, of a girl bouncing on a big cock and looking to be in complete euphoria, as the voice said, "You're a sissy slut for big black cock."

I repeated the words, imagining it was I somehow bouncing back onto that big black cock, "I'm a sissy slut for big black cock."

"I'd be a slut for that cock too," Joan added, obviously enjoying the video, and whittling away at my deeply ingrained shame by getting turned on by the same things that I was.

The video was nearing its end, as the scenes became quicker and the repeated phrases shorter.

Three black men stroked their big black cocks as the voice said, "You love BBC."

"I love BBC," I repeated, staring at all three of those long, thick, glistening cocks, seeming to be calling my name.

"You... love... big... black... cock," she said, stressing each word very slowly, as a pretty brunette stroked a big black cock.

I repeated, "I... love... big... black... cock," experiencing a strange extra rush, knowing my beautiful girlfriend was right behind me not only literally but figuratively, while she was not only watching the same video I was, but listening without reproof to my many sick and twisted declarations.

A cheerleader was deep throating black cock, as the voice said, "You live for black cock."

"I live for black cock," I repeated.

A nerdy girl got face fucked by a fat black cock as the voice said, "You crave black cock."

"I crave black cock."

A schoolteacher was bent over her desk taking a big black dick in her pussy, as the voice continued, "You service only black cock."

"I service only black cock," I repeated, my eyes glued to the screen.

As two black cocks spit roasted a MILF the voice said, "You're addicted to BBC."

"I'm addicted to BBC," I repeated mindlessly.

"You can't resist big black cock," the voice said, as a girl dropped to her knees before a huge black dick.

"I can't resist big black cock."

"I wouldn't be able to resist that one either," Joan chimed in, sounding as in awe of the plethora of perfect black cocks as I was.

"You're a slave for big black cock," the voice said, as a girl with a silver choke necklace actually engraved with 'BBC slave', stroked and sucked a big black cock.

"I'm a slave for big black cock," I repeated word for word, having watched this same video and repeated these same words so many times I could do it without the video, except I'd miss out on the visuals.

As a Latina was pounded hard and was clearly experiencing intense pleasure, the voice said, "You want to feel the way she feels."

"I want to feel the way she feels," I repeated with feeling, so curious to know what it would feel like to get fucked like that.

"It feels amazing," Joan added.

"I bet it does," I said, as I imagined Joan taking that massive black pussy fucker.

"You want to be her," the voice added, as a pretty blonde was furiously pounded from behind.

"I want to be her," I repeated.

"I have been her," Joan said wickedly from behind me.

"Tell me more," I begged; I'd love to hear that story.

"Not now. Keep watching," she ordered.

"You love the taste of BBC," the voice said, as a petite brunette with her ponytail flying everywhere bobbed up and down, and then swirled her tongue around a huge chocolate stick, making it glisten with visual appeal.

"I love the taste of BBC," I repeated, and so did Joan.

Surprised, I turned around to look at her, but she ordered, "Stay focused," pointing at the computer screen.

"You can't resist big... black... cock," the voice said in a slow seductive tone, as a tiny Asian on all fours bounced on a big black cock, obviously near apocalyptic bliss.

"I can't resist..." I began, then was joined by my hot girlfriend in finishing, "...big... black... cock."

"You must submit to any BBC at all," the voice stressed, as a cute coed pulled down a pair of sweats to reveal her very own massive black snake.

"I must submit to any BBC at all," I repeated, now hearing Joan moaning behind me, now with only one hand resting on my shoulder.

"You must suck BBC," the voice said, as a chubby nurse gagged on a fat black dick.

"I must suck BBC," I repeated.

"You must dress sexy for BBC," the voice instructed, as a girl in sexy lingerie gave a nylon-clad foot job to a black prick.

"I must dress sexy for BBC," I repeated, a little ashamed to admit that pronouncement in front of Joan, and yet she seemed fine with it, or at least she didn't comment.

"I should do that to you," Joan said.

"That would be hot," I said, never having had a nylon foot job, but having watched tons of them on a website focusing on that niche.

"Dress you up, I mean," she clarified, surprising me.

"Oh," I said, as my telltale cock flinched at the idea.

"I could turn you into a pretty sexy little slut," she purred, as she tugged on my ear.

"Oh fuck," I groaned, not having complied with the recorded order to wear stockings for BBC. I'd bought myself a couple pairs of thigh high stockings, but only worn them once, as I preferred the feel of my penis against my pantyhose... although sissy boys, I'd learned from these sissy videos, didn't have cocks... a proper sissy had a penis or a clitty.

"You'd like that, wouldn't you?" she whispered, as she reached for my cock, and then added a single word that set me off completely, "Erica,"

"God, yes," I moaned loudly, hearing my name feminized, an idea I hadn't even thought of before, even though it now seemed so obvious. I trembled and came inside my pantyhose within a couple of seconds.

"Oh my, you really like that idea!" she purred, as she continued rubbing my cock while I continued coming all over myself. "Very well, then. You're my sweet little Erica."

"Sissies only want black cock; sissies only need black cock," the voice repeated, this time over and over for the entire final thirty seconds as very short clips of black cocks flashed constantly before me.

"Say it with her, Erica," Joan purred, as she squeezed my slimed cock through my pantyhose.

"Sissies only want black cock, sissies only need black cock," I repeated weakly five times, until the video ended.

"That was so hot," Joan said, as she moved around to stand in front of me, pulled my pantyhose down, scooped up some wads of my cum, and inserted them into her pussy. She then said, "Get down and eat my modified creampie, my sexy little sissy slut."

I was stunned and yet so aroused, as I rolled my chair forward a bit, leaned down, and licked my cum from Joan's wet pussy.


It was so humiliating.

And so stimulating.

And it was also, as I was soon to discover, only the beginning.

I licked all my cum out, the cocktail of our mixed juices quite unique and tasty, as she moaned, "Eat your cum out of my cunt, my sexy sissy."

Her words brought forth the naturally submissive nature I'd hidden away for all these years, as I obeyed, aggressively attacking her pussy and retrieving every last drop of our cum.

"Yes, you cum eater," she moaned, sounding as turned on by what we were doing as I was. "Eat it all up, like a good little sissy."

I don't think she was referring to my tiny penis, or even my slim feminine frame, but I took it that way, which enhanced my transition to submissive sissy and her obedient slave. I replied, between licks, "I want to be a good submissive sissy for my strong, dominant woman."

"Mmmmmmm," she moaned and twitched as I flicked her clit, "I like that. And I can be that woman for you."

She grabbed the back of my head and began grinding her twat against my face, something she'd never done before. I licked as best as I could, until she came, and a fresh helping of her pussy juice splattered all over my face as she screamed, "Yes, my sissy slut, lick up my cunt cum!"

I loved the alliteration as I did just that, licking up as much of her pussy cum as I possibly could... a taste I'd always enjoyed, and now even more so, since it was a cocktail of our blended cum.

Once done, she smiled and said, "Well, I came here to surprise you, but I was the one in for a surprise."

"I'm so sorry," I apologized, still a little ashamed she'd caught me in such a humiliating situation.

"No, I'm thrilled I discovered your secrets," she said, her face actually looking thrilled.

"You are?"

"If we're going to work as a couple, and I want us to work as a couple, we can't keep any more secrets," she said.

"I didn't think you'd understand," I said. I added, serving up my own vulnerability to her, "I don't even understand."

"Understanding will come in time, especially without any more secrets. We all harbour sexual fantasies we don't live out, and that we repress," she explained, almost sounding like a clinical psychologist, even as she kept her legs parted to allow me an amazing view of her pussy, thus presenting a very different persona.

"Do you have any?" I asked.

"Of course," she nodded.

"What are they?" I asked.

"Well... and I'm only telling you this because my naughty little sissy will no longer hide away any secrets from me... I've always been curious about having sex with another woman," she said.

"I support that wholeheartedly," I said, perhaps a little too eagerly.

"Of course you do," she said, giving me a smirk.

"Just saying, I support you unconditionally," I said, with a smile.

"Good to know," she nodded. "And although I didn't realize it until I caught you with your pants down so to speak, and then listened to your fantasies and watched these videos with you, I think now I may have a few new fantasies."

"Like?" I asked curious to know what my humiliation and perversion could have triggered inside her.

"Well, being gangbanged by black dicks sure sounds like fun," she smiled.

"Oh my," I said, visualizing her with three black dicks filling all three of her holes... even though I'd not yet fucked her ass; I didn't even know if she was into that.

"Fucking your ass also sounds pretty fun," she added, looking at me as my tiny penis hardened again.

"You want to peg me?" I asked, that being one of my very biggest fantasies, yet one I'd never fathomed ever having a chance to fulfill.

"Very much so," she said, as her nylon-clad feet went to my cock. "Shall I get a strap-on cock and fuck your virgin asshole? Would you be up for that? Or rather, down?"

Hearing her say asshole was somehow even hotter than her amazing offer. While she rubbed her silky sheer feet on my throbbing clitty. I usually took a while to regroup after an orgasm, but this time I was already ready, and loaded for more.

I answered, gradually coming round to the idea that I no longer needed to see myself as pathetic when I wanted to be the fuckee instead of the fucker, "Yes."

"Yes, what?" she asked, just like dominants did in the many stories I'd often read by silkstockingslover... pushing the submissive deeper into complete obedience by insisting they spell out what they want.

"Yes please, I want my beautiful girlfriend to bend me over and fuck my virgin asshole with her store-bought cock, which will be much bigger than mine," I replied, making it sound as wicked as I possibly could, even going out of my way to degrade myself, as I described exactly how I imagined her doing it.

"That's so fucking hot, you good girl," she purred, as she rubbed my penis with both of her nylon-clad soles.

"This is too," I moaned, both loving my first-ever nylon foot job, and loving that she was turned on by the idea of pegging me.

"Well, today is a special day," she smiled, as she got off the desk and knelt before me.

"So true," I agreed.

"Stand up," she ordered.

I did. "What I thought I was coming here for was to celebrate our six months," she said.

"What? It's not our six-month anniversary," I said, as she took my penis in her mouth, able to deep throat me without any effort at all. It would be four months on Friday... I'd already booked us a table at the best restaurant in town to celebrate it.

"It's been six months today since the day we met," she pointed out.

"Oh," I moaned as she bobbed on my cock, and at the reality of how sweet she was. I did remember when I first met her. I'd first noticed her because, unlike every other woman in the office, she was wearing pantyhose. I fell in love with her legs even before I saw her face, and eventually I fell in love with the entire package.... something I planned to tell her on Friday. To my mind, my using the 'L' word should be delayed until the time when I really knew it without a doubt... which I'd concluded even before tonight was absolutely the case, and now that she was being so supportive of all the kinks I'd always considered my secret shame, I was one hundred and ten percent certain.

She bobbed on my cock, and within a couple dozen stokes, I was already beginning to feel my balls boiling... I could never last long inside Joan's amazing mouth.

Her hands moved to my ass and gave it a squeeze, which she'd often done before, but this time I felt a finger against my ass, and while never losing the rhythm of her expert deep throat bobbing, she pushed a finger in my asshole.

At first my ass rejected the intrusion. But with a little insistent force, her finger broke through, I gasped, and instantly spewed a load in Joan's velvet mouth.

She kept bobbing, swallowing it all, even as her finger remained lodged partway in my ass, giving me a shockingly intense prostate orgasm.

Once she was done extracting every drop of cum in me, she pulled her finger out, pulled my pantyhose back up and said, "I have one more dirty little fantasy I often fuck myself to."

"What is that?" I asked, as she climbed back into her jeans.

"It's even nastier and more taboo than anything you revealed today," she said, intriguing me.

"I can't fathom that's possible," I said, as she grabbed her t-shirt.

"Oh, it's more taboo than an Asian dude sucking a big black cock," she said bluntly.

"More taboo than having a cross dressing boyfriend you fuck in the ass?" I asked daringly, feeling it so liberating to be able to say such wicked things out loud without any sense of shame or fear of ridicule, instead of being stuck forever with just imagining them in my head, or alone at my computer.

"Yes, and even more taboo than you eating my creampie after my cunt has taken a dozen loads of BBC cum," she said wickedly, now completely dressed, although her panties were still on the floor.

"Oh God, that's the hottest thing I've ever heard," I groaned.

She leaned down and kissed me, and whispered in my ear, her hot breath sending a warm chill up my spine, "My biggest fantasy is a lesbian threesome with me being the submissive slut to my two Mistresses."

"Oh God, that's hot," I moaned, the visual so captivating and erotic but I pointed out, "but it isn't overly taboo."

She walked to the door, stopped, turned her head to me, and revealed, with the wickedest grin ever, "The two girls I want... are my sisters."

I gasped as she walked out of my office and headed down the stairs, right after lobbing me a bombshell just as taboo and twisted as any of the ones I'd unleashed on her, after she'd let herself in with her key to surprise me, and then I'd accidentally turned the tables to surprise the fuck out of her.

"Come back here, you," I called out, imagining her elder sister Denise, a beautiful reddish blonde with amazing curves in a petite frame, and Jeanette, Joan's junior (by only thirteen months), shy academic sister (she was just finishing the thesis for her PhD), in the midst of a sexy daisy chain (of course all three were in nylons in my fantasy... and as it happened, all three ladies were so hot, that I'd already jerked off to that exact same fantasy, and more than once).

"Gotta go. See you tomorrow," she called back, in a tone that said she was getting a real kick out of dropping the bombshell she was now leaving me to deal with.

"If I recover from my heart attack after that reveal," I said, heading downstairs to forestall her.

She was finishing putting on her heels on as she announced, "Tomorrow we go shopping."

"For what?"

"Toys for that cute ass of yours, and a strap-on to strap around these cute hips," she said, posing with her hands on said cute hips.

"Are we really going to do this?" I asked, knowing that Pandora's Box had been not just opened, but nuked to smithereens.

"I refuse to allow my sweet sissy girlfriend to live in denial or regret," she teased, coming over and kissing me tenderly.

"I have no regrets," I said, as I looked into her beautiful blue eyes. "At least not now."

"But if you don't let me help you explore this side of your sexuality, you'll always wonder, and one day you'll regret not following up on today," she prophesied.

"Maybe, maybe not," I said, not yet having any time to process all this... and I was a man who liked to ponder thoroughly, and even make pro and con lists, before making any major decisions.

"There won't be a maybe, and absolutely no maybe not, ever again," she said. "You want to get fucked, and I'm just the girl to fuck you."

"That is the hottest thing you've ever said," I pointed out.

"Hotter than my wanting to be the soft squishy center in a lesbian sandwich with my hot sisters? And if my stern Mistresses allow it, while you watch?"

"Okay," I corrected myself, imagining her rather aggressive older sister taking control of her two younger sisters. "It was the second hottest thing you've ever said."

"And I want to be there cheering you on, when you take that first BBC into your mouth," she added.

"Okay, the third hottest thing I've ever heard you say," I laughed.

"Friday night, after our dinner and the musical, I'm taking your anal cherry," she promised, kissing me one more time, giving my penis a squeeze though my sticky pantyhose, and walked to the door.

"Okay, you make me keep renumbering the order of the hottest things I've ever heard from you," I said, adjusting my penis, which was bent awkwardly in my pantyhose.

"Oh, and beginning tomorrow, your Mistress requires you always to be in pantyhose, or sheer stockings if you prefer, beneath your suit at work, or whatever clothing you're wearing elsewhere," she instructed, opening the door.

"Fifth hottest, or maybe fourth, I'm losing track," I said, completely overwhelmed but in a good way, at the wild turn of events beginning the moment I was caught in the act of watching BBC sissy hypnosis porn and believing my relationship was over... and then miraculously, it wasn't!

She closed the door, leaving me standing there in bewildered awe and soiled pantyhose.

"Wow," I said to myself, as I went back to my office to shut down.

Who would have thought serendipity would play such a wild, crazy, wonderful trick on me?

"Wow, just wow," I repeated to myself as I grabbed her panties off the floor and placed them against my nose. God, she smelt good. I knew these would be resting on the pillow beside me tonight.

I pulled off the pantyhose, took a shower, and got ready for bed. I saw my phone flashing with a picture text from Joan. She was holding a strap-on around her waist (at an adult shop, it appeared) with the message: Sorry, couldn't wait for tomorrow to buy one. Think I'll look hot with this around my waist wearing some lingerie?

I texted back, although her message was fifteen minutes old: First, you always look hot. Second, you'll look amazing when you're wearing that one and it's buried deep in my asshole.

She texted back a few minutes later: I bought a few special items for Friday, and some for the rest of the week.

I texted back, thinking tomorrow was only Tuesday: What did you buy?

She texted back: That's for me to know and you to find out when I want you to.

I texted back: Sigh. Fine.

She texted back: And going forward, NO touching that cock of MINE without permission.

I loved that she called my tiny penis a cock. Thinking of the plethora of stories by silkstockingslover where a submissive is ordered to obey a dominant, I replied: Yes, Mistress.

I got into bed, my tiny penis again hard but now untouchable, as she responded: Good girl.

I felt myself blush at her purposeful decision to call me a girl.

I texted back: Good night, Mistress.

She texted back: Good night, Erica.

My tiny penis flinched, begging for more attention.

I ignored its needs, as I began my journey of utter obedience to my sweet, and apparently dominant (although a switch), girlfriend.

THE END OF CHAPTER 1

.....

.....

.....

COMING IN A COUPLE OF WEEKS:

Sissification 101: Chapter 2: Where both Eric (a) and Joan discover the joys of toys. 

Sissification 101: Ch. 02
Story Info

Both Eric(a) and Joan discover the joys of toys.
16.1k words
4.73
40.1k
76
9
PUBLIC BETA

Note: You can change font size, font face, and turn on dark mode by clicking the "A" icon tab in the Story Info Box.

You can temporarily switch back to a Classic Literotica® experience during our ongoing public Beta testing. Please consider leaving feedback on issues you experience or suggest improvements.
Click here
silkstockingslover
silkstockingslover
546 Works
38219 Followers

Summary: Both Eric(a) and Joan discover the joys of toys.

Thanks to the real Eric who requested and helped plot this lengthy story.

Thanks to Tex Beethoven and Robert for editing this story.

Recap so far:

Sissification 101 tells the story of Eric, a mid-30s Asian, who has been hiding his sissy side curiosity for years until he is caught in pantyhose watching hypno-sissy porn by a very supportive girlfriend.

Sissification 101 Ch 02

3. THE DAY AFTER: MY FIRST BUTT PLUG

TUESDAY

I recalled last night's wild revelations, and after a shower, I went without underwear and wore the pantyhose, as ordered by Joan.

It felt a little weird, but also a little exciting, to have female hosiery on beneath my stereotypical business suit.

The morning was uneventful... I didn't get to see Joan all morning, as I was in meetings. It was a slight rush to be aware that I was wearing hidden pantyhose as we discussed marketing strategy and cash flows, and on the surface, everything was mundane.

I received a text to meet Joan at the Swan Pit for lunch. I immediately knew this was special, since that was the location of our first lunch date... which had led to our first dinner date... which, of course, within two-and-a-half weeks, had led to the official beginning of our committed relationship.

I arrived a few minutes tardy, the meeting going over, even though I'd quit listening near the end, being so excited to be having lunch with Joan... but also feeling a bit nervous. She'd had over a dozen hours to replay last night, and to reconsider her reactions and commitments. I felt pretty confident we'd come together on the same page for this new adventure, yet I wouldn't know for sure until we got together for lunch and I'd be able to tell she wasn't having second thoughts. I mean, it would be very reasonable for her to have second thoughts, but after all, she'd invited me here.

She was already seated, and she'd already ordered for us. She smiled and asked, immediately putting me at ease... no, she wasn't having second thoughts... "So how is wearing pantyhose to work?"

"Liberating," I answered.

"How so?"

"I feel I'm a little more myself," I explained.

"How so?" she asked again, as I felt her foot... no shoe, definitely sheer stocking... appear between my legs and rest itself directly on my crotch.

"Well, I've been hiding a significant part of my identity for years, and although you're the only one who knows my truth now, it's exciting to be secretly living it with you," I answered.

"Oh, we're just beginning to live your truth, and you can bet we'll be living it together," she assured me, adding verisimilitude to her assertion by slowly rubbing my cock.

"So, no second thoughts?" I asked, even though it was obvious she didn't have any... yet I still needed to hear it said.

"Oh, I've had second, third, fourth, and hundreds of thoughts."

"Oh," I said, that not being the answer I'd been hoping for.

"But most of them were about tactics for making all our fantasies come true," she revealed, my sudden anxiety relieved just as quickly as it had arrived... especially how she'd referred to them as 'our' fantasies.

"Oh, better," I smiled.

"Were you worried I'd cut and run?"

"A little," I admitted.

"If I was going to run, I had lots of opportunities last night," she pointed out, "one of the later ones being on my way to the adult store to select some toys for us."

"I guess so," I chuckled awkwardly.

"Catching you with that sissy video, for instance," she said. "You were afraid, as the expression goes, I'd be 'shocked and appalled'."

"Yeah," I nodded, shame again coursing through me.

"Then there was your plethora of admissions," she continued. "You were scared shitless I'd find one or all of them to be a deal breaker."

"Yeah," I sighed to myself, thinking almost no one used the word 'plethora'.

"And all those declarations," she added.

"You told me to say them," I protested.

"But hadn't you made those same declarations while you watched them alone?" she asked. "Many times, beginning sometime before we met, and then even continuing after we met and got together, keeping your dirty little secrets from me? Some women would be very upset about that."

"Yes, you're right," I admitted.

"But I'm not some women, I wasn't even mildly upset by any of it, and I'm still here," she said.

"Yes, you are, and I'm so very grateful that you are," I said, filled with gratitude.

"This is going to sound corny, but I want to be a part of your journey," she said. She then paused and added, "I want to make it our journey."

"You do?" I asked, even though it was obvious from her reactions last night, and now her words today, that she meant it.

"Yes, Eric," she said softly. "I want to do everything with you."

"That's music to my ears, because I want to do everything with you, too," I said.

"Good, then we'll be together every step of the way," she concluded, as the waitress arrived with our food.

"I couldn't be happier," I said, a rush of joy coursing through me.

"Although you must understand..." she began and then paused, her tone suddenly ominous.

Oh dear, here it is... a variation on 'I like you, but'.

"...that I'm the one in charge," she finished after an excruciating delay.

"Haven't you always been?" I joked.

"Well, yes," she smiled. "But now it's official."

"Should we put it in writing?" I joked.

"No," she laughed, "but we shall consummate our hierarchy on Friday."

"We shall, shall we?" I smiled, as she continued rubbing my hard penis.

"Oh, you know we shall," she said in a way that made it clear she'd already planned the night... well, the end of the night... I'd planned dinner and a musical, and those were still in our itinerary.

"I'm both excited and terrified," I only kind of joked.

"Given what I'm planning, each of those emotions are logical and appropriate to have," she smiled, as she moved her foot away.

"Hey, I was enjoying that," I protested.

"First, you're not allowed to come until Friday night," she said, that being a mighty long time for me, as I tended to jerk off every night, even nights when I'd already come in Joan's mouth or pussy.

"Okay," I agreed tentatively.

"What? That's only three days," she said.

"Four days and three nights," I corrected her.

"Fine," she sighed, "but my requirement stands," shaking her head and taking a bite of her food.

"That was the first point. Is there a second?" I asked, both scared and curious as to what it might be.

"Right," she said, her response surprising sarcastic, "Sorry, I got distracted by the 'unbearable hardship' I'm putting you through," using air quotes.

"Yeah, yeah," I said, hating not knowing something.

"Second," she said as she sliced her chicken, "there shall be no foreplay during breakfast, lunch or dinner. Our interrelations shall be strictly platonic... until they're not."

I laughed, leave it to her to make a rule about food. We really were two peas in a pod. "Great rule," I agreed, finally realizing I hadn't taken a bite so far, I was starving, and when I looked down at my plate, I saw the dear woman had ordered me the exact same meal I'd ordered myself on our first lunch date.

We ate in relative silence, talking only about boring things like work, that seemed excessively mundane compared to last night and the promise of Friday... that evening seemingly an eternity away right now.

Once we were done eating, she asked, "Do you want dessert?"

I asked, wanting clarity, stressing the last word, "Dessert, dessert or an actual dessert?"

"Unless you're about to crawl under the table to get the dessert you're angling for, I was just thinking dessert, dessert," she said.

"Although that sounds fun, and something to add to my suddenly expanding bucket list, I'll just stick to dessert, dessert as well."

She shook her head, "I just want whatever cheesecake I can extract from this weird game of innuendos you've created."

"Excellent choice, ma'am," I said.

A shared cheesecake later, she said, "Don't leave work today without dropping by my office. I have a gift for you."

"Why does that scare me?" I asked, kinda playfully.

"It shouldn't," she said, then added as she stood up, "much."

"You both turn me on uncontrollably, and frighten the dickens out of me at the same time," I said, also standing up.

She kissed me and said only, "Good," before we walked back to work together.

The afternoon was super busy, and I actually forgot I was wearing pantyhose until I went to the washroom to pee. I unzipped, and was reminded I was in pantyhose. No one else was in the bathroom, so I performed some weird origami maneuvers with my pantyhose, pissed, settled my hosiery back in place, and returned to work.

The workday ended, and I went to Joan's office. I walked through the door and closed it.

"Lock it," she ordered.

"Already in Mistress mode, I see," I joked, as I dutifully locked the door.

She stood up, approached me around her desk, then raised her dress to reveal she was wearing a strap-on.

"Oh my," I gasped. "You're really in Mistress mode."

"Like?" she asked brightly, as she stroked her very black cock.

"It's very unexpected," I said, as I stared at it nervously.

"Don't worry, I'm not going to fuck your ass in my office," she said. "I just wanted to give you a little peek at what I'll be wearing on Friday when I take your cherry."

"It's not as big as the one you had last night," I said, beside myself with excitement that she was wearing a strap-on, but equally full of trepidation.

"Yes, the saleswoman suggested that if I'm breaking in a virgin ass, and yes, she used the words 'breaking in', I should begin smaller," she revealed.

"Did you tell the saleswoman it was for a guy?" I asked.

"I did," she nodded.

"Oh," I said. This suddenly all seeming so real. Yes, I was excited about exploring these sexual curiosities and doing it with Joan, but I didn't want anyone else knowing.

"Come suck my dick, Erica," she ordered, not noticing my sudden nervousness. Whether from lack of observation or by design, I couldn't say.

"Right here?" I asked, trying to hint at my trepidation, even though her words were so fucking hot... words that for weeks I'd secretly imagined her saying to me.

"Just for a minute," she said. "I've been so fucking horny all day, imagining you sucking dick."

"Really?" I asked, surprised that the idea got her excited, but still concerned, because we were in her office, and the corridor outside was far from empty.

"Yeah, I can't explain it," she said, "but the idea is a major fucking turn-on."

"It is?" I asked, still in awe that my dirty fantasies could turn a woman on.

"Stop acting so shocked," she said. "I've always been a bit of a sexual deviant, and it seems that so are you."

"I never thought of it that way," I said, her words relaxing me a little.

"It's a good thing," she said. "We can explore these kinky fantasies together."

"Okay," I said, relaxing a little bit.

"Now get over here Erica, and suck my fucking dick," she ordered, just one more sentence to add to the growing list of super hot things I'd heard uttered from her lips.

"You had me at 'suck my fucking dick'," I joked, having watched Notting Hill with her just last weekend. She loved English movies, and I was just now discovering English movies... especially Love Actually and Almost Time... behind all my kinky fantasies, I was also a romantic at heart.

I walked over to her, dropped to my knees, and hesitated.

It was one thing to fantasize about doing this.

It was another to have it staring me in the face.

My hand was trembling as I reached for the plastic cock. I stroked it, leaned forward and kissed it.

Even after all my hours of watching dicks getting sucked (I couldn't even begin to imagine how many hundreds or even thousands of hours that would total), I realized I had no clue what I was doing.

I licked the shaft, a little surprised I could smell her scent as I did. This was turning her on and stimulating her pussy. That, in turn, excited me.

I licked up and down for thirty seconds give or take, feeling so many conflicting feelings as I did. I liked being on my knees. I liked having a cock in my hand (although it made me wonder what a real cock would feel like). I liked having Joan watching me; she was my safe person, even though she scared the wits out of me sometimes. Yet I also felt a little 'less'. I felt like less of a man, which I'd pretty much accepted in my many fantasies at home, yet it felt way more real when my girlfriend, kindred spirit that she was, was standing above me.

These many thoughts were spinning in my head and through my body, my tiny dick hard as ever, until Joan ordered, "Enough foreplay. Suck my cock."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, liking her nasty words, enjoying being told what to do. I opened my mouth, still trembling ever so slightly, and took the six-inch slim cock in my mouth... so much smaller than the big black cocks I constantly fantasized about sucking.

"So hot," she purred, as I began bobbing.

Truth be told, it was a little awkward.

Partly because I was in her office and could still vaguely hear people right outside, and I couldn't help but wonder what they'd think if they knew what was happening behind the door.

Partly because it wasn't a real dick.

It was nevertheless super stimulating.

My hard penis flinched in my pantyhose from sucking a plastic dick.

"You're going to be a great little cock sucker," she said, sounding turned on, watching me.

I kept bobbing, suddenly wanting to impress her. I was a great pussy licker, I knew that; now I wanted to become a great cock sucker.

Cock sucker.

What a word.

Seldom used, except in a derogatory way.

You never called a girl who sucked a dick a cock sucker. No. Sometimes a slut, if she sucked a lot of different dicks and you thought you could get away with it, but a girl sucking a cock was just a girl sucking a cock. On the other hand, a guy sucking a cock was a cock sucker... or a faggot... or gay. Or some other name most men didn't want to be labeled as, and therefore usually derogatory.

I suppose the same principle could be used to describe pussy licking. A guy eating a pussy is just a thoughtful, considerate guy doing what he should... but a girl eating pussy is a lesbian, or a dyke... although the principle breaks down at the next step: there's no derogatory term synonymous with cunt licker or pussy muncher... those are hot terms when applied to a woman.

I continued bobbing, realizing I was only taking about four inches in my mouth before feeling filled up. How could I possibly take ten? How did anyone take ten?

"That's enough for today, my sexy cock sucker," Joan said, her tone making her words sound so sweet, as if she was saying something sensitive like 'you look hot today.'

"That was wild," I said as I backed off the cock.

"I think we're going to have to work on your gag reflex," she said.

"Looks like, how does anyone take a big cock in their mouth?" I asked.

"Practice," she smiled, as she stood up and slid her cock back in my mouth.

To my surprise, she then briefly fucked my mouth, shoving all six inches in, and making me gag big time.

Like many black men I'd seen online do to their hungry sluts, she grabbed both sides of my skull, taking full control of me as she fucked my mouth.

This rough treatment made my penis flinch, and had a chill going up my spine. Despite my severe discomfort, seeing that Joan was obviously getting into it, enhanced my own pleasure. It seemed the strap-on was creating some sort of friction on her clit, as she moaned rather loudly while she skull-fucked me, albeit with a dick almost as small as mine.

It was quite awkward; my entire sex life I'd been in control, or had at least a semblance of control, and suddenly I had none. Even while sucking her cock, I'd been in control even though I was clumsy at it, but while she was face fucking me, I had none.

And as I said, the entire time I was gagging, the most worrisome part of that being those loud noises you make when you gag, with other people still in the building.

She pulled out and added, looking down at me, my saliva drooling in torrents down my chin and dripping off her cock, "Apparently, lots and lots of practice."

I wiped the saliva off my face as she surprised me yet again by ordering, "Undo your pants, pull them down, and bend over my desk."

"What?" I said, having heard her, but thinking she'd already said she wouldn't fuck me here.

"I picked up a little something for that virgin hole of yours," she said, as she walked back around her desk and picked up a small butt plug.

"Oh," I said, relaxing slightly as I unbuckled my belt... getting a little excited.

"Yes, three days, three plugs," she said.

"Oh," I repeated, as I pulled my pants down.

She walked back behind me and said, as I bent over only in pantyhose again, "God, you have such a sexy, fuckable ass."

"Words I never imagined being said about me," I joked awkwardly.

She caressed my pantyhose-clad ass and said, "Me neither, but here we are."

"Here we are indeed," I agreed.

"Oh, shoot," she said, returning to her desk. "I almost forgot the lube."

"That would be utterly lube-icrous," I joked.

"Nice," she smiled, grabbing the lube, and as usual, appreciating my corny sense of humour. "I bought a big bottle for each of our homes, plus a small one for my purse."

"Always thinking ahead," I smiled, as she returned behind me.

"That's me," she said, again caressing my ass. "Fuck, I think you've got a sexier ass than I do. Where's the fairness in that?"

"No, I don't think so," I said, even though I appreciated the compliment.

"No really, it's actually quite feminine," she said, as she really checked out my ass.

"I don't know how to take that," I joked.

"Well, Eric would be within his rights to be slightly insulted and insecure about his girlfriend seeing his body as feminine, while Erica should be super flattered that her hot curves can compete with her girlfriend's," Joan said.

"Oh," was all I said as she pulled my pantyhose down to my ankles.

"You'll always be Eric at work, but in the confines of the bedroom and," she paused, "when we're in my office with the door closed and locked, you'll be Erica. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Mistress," I agreed, wondering if it could be that simple to split my persona like that, as I felt slightly warm lube being poured between my ass cheeks.

"Good girl," she said as she probed my anal entrance with her finger. "We're in this journey together though, so if there's something you're not comfortable with, please tell me."

"Like being fingered in your office?" I groaned, as her finger slid inside.

"For example..." she said as she pulled out her finger and then a moment later, pushed the smallest of the butt plugs into my ass. "...this!"

I moaned, although after a brief period of stinging, there was nothing.

"The first plug is small," she said, as she pulled my pantyhose up.

"Yeah, I can barely feel it," I admitted.

"Nevertheless, it has its job to do, so keep it in your ass all night and all day tomorrow, until we swap the plugs after work," she said, then quipping, "Your gracious Mistress will allow you to remove this whenever you need to poop; fair's fair." She then slapped my ass. Hard.

I yelped, surprised by the sharp pain.

"Fuck, your ass is hot," she said.

"Thanks," I said, really liking her obsession with my ass, even though it burned for a bit after the sudden slap.


I straightened myself up and pulled up my pants, my penis fully erect.

Joan noticed and reminded me, "Don't forget, no getting yourself off."

"That'll be hard," I replied.

"Terrible pun," she groaned, this time not in a sexual way, sitting down at her desk.

"Maybe you should cage my penis," I said slyly, realizing that was the one thing I hadn't thought to include in my lengthy fantasy list last night.

"We'll see. Maybe I'll have to, if you can't leave your tiny clitty alone."

"I'll try my best," I said, although after this experience, it was going to be very difficult. I also noticed she was beginning to make a point of commenting on what I'd always known... my penis is small.

"There's no trying," she said, as she propped her shoeless nylon-clad feet on her desk. "There's just doing."

"Are you trying to get me horny with that sexy display?" I joked, my cock having flinched instantly when her nylon-clad soles popped into view.

"If you come, then I won't wear these for you anymore," she said, wiggling her toes. "And you wouldn't like that."

"No, that would be a travesty."

"Then be a good girl and obey."

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, knowing I was all hers now, and would do pretty much anything she ever told me to.

"I'm off to have dinner with my mom tonight," she said. "So I'll see you tomorrow."

"Definitely," I said, as I started to walk... and was brought up short for a moment by the plug in my ass.

Then later on, twice I sat down and flinched, forgetting about my butt plug; otherwise it wasn't very noticeable... I imagined tomorrow's would be thicker and longer.

I didn't turn my computer on at all that night, so as not to be tempted.

Instead, I caught up on the last five episodes of The Blacklist I'd been taping... nothing sexy about that show... and went to sleep...ignoring the silent pleas from my needy little penis.

4. A GIFT FOR JOAN

Wednesday

I woke up, rolled over, and was reminded of the plug in my ass.

I went and showered, got dressed, no underwear but yes pantyhose again, and headed to work... although I had two meetings with clients at their own offices, so I didn't get to my own office building until after lunch, and therefore didn't see Joan at all... until the work day was over.

I got a text from Joan: Sorry, working late. I'll stop by your place later tonight.

I replied I'd be home by seven, not mentioning it was so I could stop to pick up a bracelet I'd ordered and gotten sized to give her on Friday... with the date we'd first met inscribed on the inside. (I was pretty sure keeping secrets about special presents for her was allowed.)

Unfortunately the bracelet wasn't back from the engraver's yet, but they guaranteed to have it for me by noon tomorrow. I then headed to an adult store. I wanted to give her something sweet and romantic at dinner when I told her I loved her, but I also felt compelled to buy her something sexy for when we got home, especially after all that had happened between us recently... even though I had no idea what Friday's fun and games were going to look like. Except for the part when she took my anal cherry, of course.

I reached the store, went inside and walked around... not even sure what I was looking for... just hoping I'd know when I saw it.

Before I knew it, I was standing in front of some cock cages. I was shocked at how many different kinds there were. Some looked medieval and majorly painful, others looked plastic and cheap, some even had keys to go with them.

They were more expensive than I'd imagined they'd be. For some reason I thought they'd be cheap: twenty or thirty bucks... and there were a couple in that range, but they looked so cheap.

Most of them were seventy-five to a hundred fifty dollars. I was continuing to browse the cages when I was startled by a woman asking, "May I help you with anything?"

"Um, yeah," I said, feeing like I was caught in the act. "I'm, uh, well, looking for something special for my girlfriend."

"A special occasion?" She asked, the woman older... in her forties.

"Four-month anniversary," I answered.

"I see," she said, not sounding overly impressed by that.

Then it occurred to me. I knew what I wanted. "I want a sex toy I can use on her while... um... I..." I said, then wasn't sure how to actually say it.

"While you go down on her?" she asked helpfully.

"Yes," I answered.

"You're a good man," she said, impressed I think, simply because I went down on my girl.

"She's the perfect woman," I replied.

"I know exactly what you need," she said. "Follow me."

She took me to a section with many uniquely shaped items... some of them obvious as to their uses and others that were enigmatic. The one she handed me was definitely an enigma. It was perfectly round and disc-shaped, except the thickness of the disc on one side of the circle was noticeably greater than the other. It also had an oblong hole in it... off-centre. The gadget looked quite elegant and seemed more for me than her... except the hole was way too big for my penis.

"I know, I know," she smiled, reading my mind. "It doesn't look like a vibrator at all."

"Is that what it is? No, it certainly doesn't," I agreed, as I studied the contraption resting in what looked like an oversized jewelry box. Definitely not cheap-looking. It was called a Lelo Ora 2.

"Yet it gives a woman the most amazing, slow build-up, long-lasting orgasms of any sex toy," she explained.

"How does it work?" I asked, curious how to use such a strange-looking device, it truthfully looked rather like a strange piece of geometric art you might see in a modern museum.

"You place the vibrating portion over her clitoris -- that's near the thickest part -- for the best effect, and the device has small rotating beads inside the circle that create sensations amazingly similar to a tongue," she explained.

"Sounds amazing," I said.

"It's the best of the best," she said, and then added with a sly smile, "and I'm speaking from personal experience. My Hitachi wand will give me almost instantaneous orgasms, but they don't last very long; my rabbit will get me off nicely if I want something inside me, but this jewel gives me the very best long-lasting orgasms. It's kind of like the difference between fast food and a seven-course banquet."

"But I don't want it to replace me," I said, thinking this sounded too good to be true.

"They thought of that; it can also be used to enhance the pleasure you're giving your lady," she explained and then added some more. "There are even ten different stimulations, for variety."

"Where do the batteries go?" I asked.

"You charge it on your computer."

"Oh."

"I can show you some less expensive options if you wish," she said. "We have many quality items to enhance your lady's pleasure," she offered.

"No, she deserves the best. I'll take it."

"You won't regret it," she said. "And she'll love it."

"I hope so," I said.

She took the box and said, "I know so. I've never had a customer come back not completely satisfied with this toy."

"Great," I said, dying to try it with Joan.

She rang it up and I didn't even react to its being way more expensive than I'd anticipated, over $250 after tax, but I didn't care. If it brought Joan the pleasure the woman promised it would, it would be more than worth it.

I picked up dinner on the way home at a small family restaurant I loved, ate, and was watching Wheel of Fortune when Joan arrived.

"What's this?" she asked, walking into the bedroom and finding the bag with her new sex toy in it.

"Shit, I should have put that away," I sighed, but I'd forgotten because I was starving when I got home... and I loved Wheel of Fortune, Vanna White being my lone nylon-wearing constant through the slow degradation of nylon fashion.

"It's obviously a sex toy, but is it for you or me?" she asked as she stepped in front of me, wearing a skirt and mocha-coloured nylons.

"Both of us," I answered, before adding with a smile, "although it's intended for your pleasure."

"Oh, cool," she said, as she pulled it out of the bag.

"Wait, that's for Friday; it's a surprise," I objected, but she wasn't listening.

"Too late," she said, as she saw the box and said in awe, "Oh, my."

"Do you know what it is?" I asked, "because I sure didn't."

"It's the Cadillac of sex toys for women," she said. "I almost bought one for myself a few months ago, but then I met my own Asian personal pussy pleaser."

"I wanted to get you something special for Friday, since you've already bought something special for me," I smiled, thinking of the strap-on, and flattered she preferred me over a toy.

"You're so sweet," she said, as she took it out of the box. "It's so pretty."

"It's like jewelry for your pussy," I joked.

She raised her skirt, revealing she was in thigh highs this time, and again no underwear, as she placed the toy right on her pussy. "How does it look on me?"

"Beautiful," I answered, admiring her ripe pussy.

"We need to test it out," she said, as she grabbed the charging cord and left the room.

I finished up my dinner, and was in the kitchen when I saw a bag on the kitchen table that she'd brought.

She returned and said, already googling it on her phone, "I wonder how long it takes to charge?"

"I didn't think to ask," I admitted, having planned to have it fully charged for Friday night. If she was going to make one of my fondest fantasies come true that night, I wanted to be able to return the favour in a meaningful way.

"Two hours," she sighed.

"Do you have anyplace to be tonight?" I asked.

"Not now," she said as she kept reading her phone. "It has ten stimulation modes and adjustable intensities, including one called ultra-intense."

"Cool," I said, unsure what else to say.

"It's even waterproof," she said.

I joked, "Since you take long baths."

"Now they'll be longer," she shrugged, then added, "plus, now I won't have to use the shower head."

"Fuck, you're hot," I said.

"So Erica, are you ready for plug two?" she inquired, shifting smoothly from one taboo subject to a different even more taboo subject, as I lagged behind, picturing her getting off with a shower head.

"I'm never not ready," I said, both excited to continue my anal training, the one still in my ass from yesterday doing nothing for me good or bad, but also nervous that a bigger one might hurt, and be more awkward to walk around or sit down with.

"Let's go to the bedroom," she said, grabbing the bag.

"You have the best ideas," I said.

Two minutes later I was on all fours on my bed, with my pantyhose pulled down to my knees as she pulled out the plug.

She placed it on a towel she'd brought, and then shocked me as I felt her tongue probing my asshole.

"Oh, that feels nice," I moaned, surprised at how relaxing it felt.

"Eating ass is something else you'll soon be doing," she said, as her tongue swirled around, and slightly inside, my back door.

"Really?" I asked.

"I didn't want you to think I was some cheap disposable slut, so I haven't told you all my kinks yet," she said as her tongue felt like it was reaching further inside my ass.

"Oh, you can tell me anything," I moaned.

"I love a good anal tongue licking, and enjoy a cock in my ass," she revealed.

"I'm gathering a very long list of the hot things you say," I said as she kept probing my asshole.

"And things I do," she added.

"Definitely," I said, her eating my ass now joining that second list. It wasn't stimulating me towards an orgasm, but it was definitely making my hard penis want some attention it wasn't allowed.

"You know, you really do have a man cunt back here," she said.

"I do?"

"I think so," she said as she sat up and then said, "Let's see if your cunt can take plug number two."

"Okay," I said, as she went to the bag.

I looked back and saw that this one was indeed larger in every way: length and girth, although it was only slightly longer than my flesh and blood version.

She lubed the toy, and then poured lube down my ass crack again, as I remained bent over, patiently waiting to be sodomized.

Sodomized... what a taboo term.

"In two nights, it will be my dick slamming into this cunt," she said, sounding so hot saying that, yet another sentence of hers to add to the list, as she moved behind me.

"That still seems an eternity away," I said, as I felt the cock at my hole.

"All good things come to those who wait," she said and then added, "and I stress the word 'cum'."

I was about to respond, telling her that same principle should also apply to the new toy I'd gotten her, but she pushed the cock inside me, and I let loose with a loud, embarrassing squeal.

It burned!

Not intense pain, no.

But a very clear protest from my asshole.

"Your cunt will need a bit of time to get used to being so full," she said.

"Okay," I said through gritted teeth, the pain increasing as she continued pushing, until the cock had entered me completely. I couldn't fathom how I could possibly fit the next one inside me, not to mention someone's BBC.

"Yeah, your cunt looks good, all full of dick," she said, as she seemed to be admiring me from behind.

"As do you," I said.

"Especially when it's BBC," she added.

"We both want the same thing," I joked, her admission she wanted black cock too, turning me on even as my ass burned.

"And we'll make it all happen," she promised. "I'm going to deal with a few emails. You should remain in that position as motionless as possible for a minute or two, and then slowly roll onto your back and rest like that for a few minutes... give yourself a chance to get accustomed to your new reality of having your pussy filled to bursting."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, smiling at her concept of my new reality.

She left the bedroom and I remained on all fours, trying to allow my ass, or rather my cunt, to get used to having something this big in it.

After a couple of minutes I slowly lowered myself to my side, and then rolled onto my back. I did it extremely slowly, settling my ass onto the soft bed so as not to push it deeper into me and create any new pain, since I was finally getting back to calmness. It still hurt, but the pain was diminishing noticeably.

Joan returned a couple of minutes later and asked, "How's is it going?"

"Could you have a look? I feel like I've accidentally gotten a dick stuck up my ass," I joked.

"Do you mean your cunt, Erica?" she corrected me.

"Yes, Sorry Mistress," I apologized. "It feels like I have a big dick in my cunt."

"It's not that big," she pointed out.

"It is for a pure sweet virgin such as myself," I said.

"Fair enough," she agreed. "But fret not, fair maiden, we'll soon get that sweet cunny trained to welcome a ten-inch BBC into its folds. Or do I mean its pucker? I do believe your tight little cunny has a pucker, how odd."

"I can't imagine accommodating the legendary Black Knight," I admitted frivolously, although while the idea was still a turn on, it was getting a lot scarier, now that it was coming closer to becoming a reality.

"I can already envision it," Joan smiled, as she leaned in and kissed me.

"Let's go watch a movie," she said. "My wonderful new Cadillac still won't be ready for over an hour."

"Help me up?" I asked.

"No, you've got to be able to do things on your own," she said, although she was kind enough to pull my pantyhose over my ass to keep the plug in place.

"That's not nice," I pouted.

"Hurry up," she said. "I need to distract myself from the toy I want to try so badly."

"Fine," I said, carefully inching myself to the edge of the bed. I managed to make it off the bed and onto my feet, but I yelped as the cock moved a bit further into my ass... I mean cunt.

"You should walk around a bit to get used to having it inside you."

"I can't fathom how anyone could ever get used to this," I complained, walking about as fast as a snail, every single step forcefully reminding me of the plug in my ass... each step creating a little jolt of pain but, I now began noticing, also a little pleasure.

"You may feel more pain and pleasure when you move," she said, "as it will likely stimulate your prostate."

"It's definitely doing that," I said, feeling my penis harden.

"Shit, everything turns your tiny penis on," she said, noticing it too.

"I'm easily stimulated," I moaned, as I kept walking, and noticed her shot at the size of my penis.

"I may have to pick up one of those cages for you," she said, as she took my hand and steadied me as she led me down the stairs to the living room.

"That may be a good idea," I agreed, both to eliminate the temptation to touch myself, and also to explore another of my fantasies.

"You actually want a cage, don't you?" she asked, stopping in the hallway just outside my living room.

"Maybe a little," I admitted.

"Or maybe a lot?" she pushed.

"Okay, maybe a lot," I agreed, loving how she saw through my silly façades to the real me.

"Good to know," she said and resumed walking into the living room.

I followed. On my own. I could do this!

I sat down extremely slowly, leaning heavily on the armrest, then as lightly as possible touched down, letting out a muted yelp as the cock reached new depths inside me.

Joan chuckled, but sympathetically. "Patience, my bitch."

"Yeah," I trembled, my pain being dulled by the natural thrills of obedience, and of fantasies coming true.

And for the next hour, we watched the first half of the new, surprisingly good, Yesterday. I'm a sucker for musicals... and although this wasn't a musical in the traditional sense, it was a lot of fun.

Joan got up and said, "My present should be ready by now."

"Go get it," I said, excited to see how it works.

"Already on my way," she said. "Meet you in the bedroom."

"But I want to see how this story ends," I said, in a whiney tone.

"And I want to twist and shout," she replied wickedly.

"So it's going to be a hard day's night," I joked, playing along with her witty Beatles title play.

"Now let's go upstairs and have some fun with a little help from my friends," Joan shot back, walking away.

I slowly got up, my ass actually feeling a little numb, and with a slight burn, as I followed her up to my bedroom. I needed to rely heavily on the railing and my upper body strength, but I made it... unassisted!

She was already on my bed, naked and with her legs spread, and the toy in her hand. "Good job, sweetie. Now get over here."

I got onto the bed, slowly, and crawled between her legs as she turned on the toy. "Oh, it's strong. And quiet."

"You're supposed to put this part right on your clit," I said, now close enough to dine on her delicious pussy.

"Okay," she said, and placed it directly onto her clit. "Oooooooh, my!"

"Good?"

"Very good," she moaned.

"Let me help," I said as I bent down a bit lower and licked her pussy.

"Oooooh," she moaned, "Okay, I have an idea."

She grabbed a pillow, lifted up her ass, slid it underneath and said, "There. Now you can eat my asshole."

"Okay," I said, not something I'd ever thought about doing, at least not until she'd eaten mine earlier tonight.

"Spread my cheeks and get to work, Erica," she ordered, as she placed the toy back on her clit and moaned.

"Yes, Mistress," I said, pulling her ass cheeks apart, extending my tongue, and licking her puckered back door.

"Oh, yes," she moaned. "Eat my asshole, baby."

I bathed her asshole, swirling my tongue around it... happy to discover it wasn't disgusting at all, just a little bit of sweet sweat.

"This toy is amazing," she moaned.

"Don't let it replace me," I joked, although that was my primary concern, so it wasn't much of a joke.


"Don't worry, I'm still planning on using your tongue regularly," she promised, I noticed not mentioning my tiny penis in this context.

For a few minutes... her moans continued... slowly building... as the toy did its magic... and I ate her asshole.

Eventually she ordered, "Now move up and lick my pussy, baby."

I eagerly obeyed, licking her pussy as she readjusted the toy slightly to provide me access, while the toy still worked her clit over. She'd been at this for a while and she hadn't come yet, so I guessed the saleslady's point about a long, slow build was valid.

"Oh fuck, yes, so fucking good," she moaned, as it was obvious she was finally getting close. I kept licking her wet pussy until she screamed, "Holy Jesus Christ!"

Her cunt cum gushed onto my eager lips and tongue, as I lapped up every drop.

Her orgasm did indeed appear to be endless, but eventually she moved the toy away as she was still trembling uncontrollably.

I continued licking until she pushed my head away and said, "I've got to pee."

She bounced up and hurried to the bathroom.

I rolled off the bed myself, the toy still making it pretty awkward, but now with hardly any pain at all, and called out, "Are we finishing the movie?"

"Yes, I'll meet you down there," she called back.

I headed downstairs, this time just needing the railing to steady myself a bit, grabbed us a couple drinks, and sat down (without yelping or flinching), ready to finish the movie.

She rejoined me a minute later, with her panties from yesterday in her hand, "I found these under your pillow."

I felt my cheeks go red, but admitted, "Yeah, I kinda slept with you last night. I love your scent."

"That's one of the sweetest thing a man has ever said to me," she said. She then surprised me again. "Put these on."

"Really?" I asked, as she tossed them to me.

"Yes, I think you'll look cute in them."

"Okay," I agreed, yet again getting those simultaneous contrasting feelings of excitement and humiliation.

I stood up slowly as the plug shifted in my pussy, peeled off my pantyhose, which was much more work with a plug moving around inside and slightly stimulating me. I put the panties on.

"I was right; you look really cute in my panties," she approved.

"Thanks, I guess," I said, not sure how to feel about a compliment like that.

"Wear them to work tomorrow under your pantyhose," she ordered.

"Okay," I agreed as she moved back to the couch.

We sat back down, me doing it slowly but far more painlessly, and as she cuddled into me, she said, "By the way, my new toy is, without a doubt, the best present ever."

"You're welcome," I said, as she squeezed my penis through her panties.

Once the movie was done and she was heading home, having explained weeks earlier that she shouldn't sleep over during the work week, and as she got ready to leave, she returned to her witty self, using one more Beatles title, "Be a good girl and we'll come together; just not right now."

5. CAGED... BBC FORESHADOWING

Thursday

I texted Joan after really struggling to get comfortable with the plug in my ass, and becoming nervous about it affecting me enough to interfere with my work, and/or my professional demeanor: Hey, babe. I want to obey you without hesitation, but I'm a little uncomfortable about going to work with a plug this size in my ass.

She responded a couple minutes later: I understand. We need to take baby steps. Just make sure you're in pantyhose and my panties.

I responded, thankful she was so understanding. I imagine that will be a forever daytime thing now.

She replied: Yes, it will be. It's all part of your feminine transition. PS: we are going shopping after work.

I asked: For what?

She texted back: Pets don't ask so many questions. Just bring your butt plug with you. We will need it while shopping.

I replied: Yes, Mistress.

That last order scared me a bit, but as always, it also excited me.

Joan was as much of a sexual deviant as I was, which was what made all of this so thrilling. I had found her, in the iconic words of Phoebe Buffay, 'my lobster'.

The day was again crazy busy, like they all seemed to be recently, and other than passing her in the hallway, or waving to her as I walked past her office, I didn't see her all day.

Before I had been caught in the act last Monday, that was the norm and no big deal... work was work and after work was after work, yet now all I could think about was her... and Friday... but first, there was shopping.

She called me moments after work and reminded me, "Don't forget to bring your butt plug with you."

"Already ahead of you. It's in my briefcase... with the lube." I answered.

"Be at the Westlake Mall at 5:15," she said. "Front entrance."

"Leaving soon," I said.

I finished up a couple of emails, picked up the bracelet, and drove over to the mall. I was going to be quite early, when an idea popped into my head. I should put the plug in my cunt before meeting her. The mall was nowhere near where I lived, so I felt the odds of running into anyone I knew were slim... and I wanted to surprise her.

I pulled into a coffee shop, ordered a coffee, I felt I couldn't just use their bathroom without ordering anything, and then before picking it up, went to the washroom.

I went into the only stall, opened my briefcase on the top of the toilet tank, undid my belt, waistband and fly, and then pulled down my pants, pantyhose and panties. I grabbed the lube, and coated the toy very generously. I then dribbled some down between my ass cheeks, realizing this was more challenging on my own... doubled by my being in such a confined space.

I grabbed the lubed up toy and moved it to my ass... my cunt. I pushed, and nothing happened. I pushed again. Nothing.

It was just too awkward, and I didn't have any leverage.

Suddenly the door opened, and a guy went to the urinal. I quickly turned around and sat down on the toilet seat. That's when an idea came to mind.

I waited for him to finish... thankfully he didn't wash his hands... gross, but it meant he left sooner.

I then placed the plug on the closed toilet seat, after distributing excessive toilet paper on the seat first... grasped the plug with one hand, and slowly lowered myself onto it. It was still awkward, but thanks to the weight of my body, following a brief resistance, it slid inside me.

"Ooooh, fuck," I moaned loudly, as I settled myself completely onto it.

It burned.

But it wasn't as bad as last night, I was feeling a tad more pleasure than pain, so overall it felt amazing.

A rush of sexual adrenaline at the reality I was sitting on the plug was exhilarating.

I slowly stood up, quickly pulled up my panties, pantyhose, and then my pants. I screwed the lid back on the lube, closed my briefcase and went to pick up my coffee... realizing it had been a good five minutes since I'd ordered it.

I grabbed it and explained to the girl, as I walked awkwardly, again getting used to this (only medium sized!) plug in my ass, "Sorry, I'm not feeling too well."

She nodded and turned away unbothered, and I walked clumsily out of there feeling so slutty, knowing I had a plug in my pussy. Weird how much feeling slutty turned me on.

I drove toward the mall, feeling even more full in this sitting position, there's really only one way to sit while you're driving, no choices, and in my case pleasure and pain battling for dominance inside me, and arrived.

Joan was standing outside the mall entrance, speaking on her phone.

She was dressed in a very cute blue dress, with dark beige nylons that had my penis hard the moment I saw her.

She smiled when she saw me approach, raising her dress to show me her thigh highs, "Like?"

"Love," I amended.

She looked at me a moment and asked, noticing my awkward movements, "Do you have the plug in your ass already?"

"My cunt," I corrected, and then added, "You told me to bring it, but not how to carry it."

"Well, that that clever little act of adaptive obedience solves my first problem," she approved, leaning in and kissing me, while reaching around and slapping my ass playfully, right on the base of the plug. Ouch! "I wasn't sure how we were going to get that plug back in your cunt."

"Ohhhh," I moaned and groaned, a mixture of pleasure and pain coursing through me, and her calling my ass a 'cunt'.

"Let's go," she said. "We've got a lot of shopping to do."

"A lot?" I asked, as she took my hand.

"A lot," she affirmed, as we entered the mall.

I had imagined our going to some discreet adult shop, so I was quite surprised when she marched me into a Victoria's Secret. It was a store I'd walked past many times, jerked off to their catalogs a few times, but had never actually gone inside one... I just thought a lone guy going into a female lingerie shop, unless he was on a specific errand for someone, was too pervy.

"I thought we were buying a cage for my tiny penis," I said timidly, "Are we here for you or me?"

"You," she said before giving me a quick kiss and adding, "and a little bit me." She kissed me again and added, "But mostly you."

"Uh, okay," I said.

"First, we need to get you some sexy panties of your own," she said, leading me to the panties area. "We can't have you wearing mine all the time."

"Um, okay," I repeated, unsure of what else to say.

"Any colour you'd prefer?" she asked as we reached an acreage (well not quite that large) containing an abundance of sexy lingerie.

"No, not really," I said, as I scanned about a half dozen different styles in a large spectrum of colours. Truth was, I imagined myself wearing pink in all my fantasies, because that's the most girly colour, which is also to say the least manly. So I blurted out, feeing my cheeks going a little red, "Well actually... pink."

"Definitely getting you some pink ones," she said, pulling out a lacy pair.

"And light blue," I said, that being my favourite colour on Joan.

"These would look so cute on you," she said, holding a pair of light blue panties in her hands. "Feel them," she said.

I reached for them, and was surprised by how much softer female underwear were compared to male underwear. "They're super soft."

"I know," she said. "Oooooh, these," she squealed.

They were black, and a thong.

I'd never understood thongs. I couldn't understand how they could possibly be comfortable, although they were indeed sexy to see on a woman. Anytime I saw a thong peeking out of a woman's outfit, I just assumed she was kinky. I know that's shallow stereotyping, but it's just how my brain works.

"I've never seen you in one of these," I said.

"I have one," she said and then whispered into my ear, "but I only wear it for special occasions... like tomorrow."

"Mmmmmm," I moaned at the idea.

She whispered in my ear, "Pick out six pairs. One has to be white. I need to go find something special."

"Okay," I said, "What size?"

"Well, you fit pretty well into my panties. So I'd imagine a medium," she said.

"Okay," I said.

She kissed me and disappeared.

I looked through the panties, feeling kind of like a pervert, since I was now standing all alone in a Victoria's Secret.

I had four pairs in my hand, when a salesgirl showed up, asking, "Do you need any help, sir?"

"I-I-I," I stammered, feeling, and probably looking, like a kid caught with his hand in a cookie jar.

"Have you got six yet?" Joan asked, returning.

"Almost," I said, saved by the bell.

"If you need any help, just let me know," the girl said, and walked away. Evidently, so long as I was accompanied by a female chaperone, I wasn't a threat to public morality.

"Think she knows they're for you?" Joan asked.

"I hope not," I said.

She grabbed two more pairs for me and said, "Now we need you to pick some lingerie for tomorrow's special occasion."

"For me?" I asked.

"Yes," she said, again whispering in my ear. "Doesn't my sweet Erica want to look sexy for her Mistress tomorrow?"

"I-I-I do," I stammered, her hot breath turning me on.

"Maybe something bridal," she whispered. "In this arena you're virginal, you know."

I imagined her someday wearing white for me... all white... yet, we hadn't even said our first 'I love yous', although I planned on attending to that tomorrow. Now she was imagining me in all white. I joked, "You haven't even proposed yet."

She smiled, as she again whispered in my ear, "I'm proposing a whole new world."

"Okay," I agreed.

She took my hand and led me to the back of the store. "I was thinking a complete lingerie set."

"I'm always thinking that," I responded slyly.

"I'll be wearing something so sexy for you tomorrow night, your little clitty will be begging for release from its cage. An outfit that will symbolize our new hierarchy," she said.

"What will that be?" I asked, my tiny penis flinching in my panties and pantyhose at her naughty promise, as well as her derogatory little attack on my penis.

"It will be a surprise," she said, before pointing towards an entire lingerie section. "Do you like any of these?"

"All of them," I said, every outfit sexy as fuck. Every one of them was either a garter belt, or had the pieces to clamp stockings to, including: lace camisettes, a front zipper corset, a cute teddy, a bodysuit. (Actually, nobody would attempt to attach stockings to a camisette, so they were exempt from the rule.)

"They're all super sexy," she agreed as she squeezed my ass, reminding me I had a plug stuck in it, as she whispered ever so sultrily, "I think you'd be pretty fucking hot in that corset." She pointed to a red lace piece.

"I couldn't tell without seeing it modeled by someone," I said, thinking maybe I could convince her to try some of these outfits on.

She smiled, "You sly dog. You want to see me looking all sexy in some of these?"

"I'd like to see you in all of them," I flirted.

"Well, since we have similar body types," she said, yet another shot at my feminine body. "It could help us decide what to get you."

"Yes, yes it most definitely would," I agreed with great enthusiasm.

"Well, pick four more while I go try this corset on, and I'll model them for you," she offered.

God, I loved this woman.

"Will do," I agreed.

She gave me a kiss and sauntered off to a change room. I was bewildered at first by the overwhelming number of choices, but started looking around one outfit at a time, and chose four more sexy lingerie pieces... wondering what the lace lingerie would look like on her, and feel like on me. I didn't even see her walk past me as she left.

I found her change room, thankfully the store was relatively deserted, and she walked out in a red corset seconds later, and somehow she'd found red stockings to go with it.

"Wow," I gasped. I'd never seen anyone look more beautiful than she did at this moment.

"So, you like it?" she beamed.

"'Like' is like the biggest understatement in the world," I responded, feeling like I might be drooling.

"What else do you have for me to try on?"

"These," I handed her, unable to tear my gaze away from her.

"Grab me some black, white and beige stockings," she instructed.

"With pleasure," I said, still staring at her.

"I think you'll look pretty cute in the one I'm wearing," she said.

"I couldn't possibly do justice to it like you're doing," I said.

"You're so sweet," she said, kissing me and returning to the change room.

I adjusted my tiny penis, and went to find the stockings. I grabbed the colours requested and returned.

"I have them," I said.

"Pass them over the door," she said.

I did.

I waited.

A couple minutes later, she came out in an all-white teddy that held her firm smallish breasts perfectly, came together between her legs, and was attached to white stockings.

She looked like a bride about to consummate her marriage.

"Wow," I said again.

"Look," she said, glancing around to check we were alone, before she flipped open a flap at her crotch and pointed out, "It's crotchless."

"Oh my," I said, looking at her shaved pussy, framed by that oh-so-sexy outfit.

"Yes, easy access," she smiled.

"Wow," I said, just in awe of her.

"I think we know one that we have to buy already," she said.

"All of them," I joked.

"Why not?" she shrugged.

"Exactly," I laughed.

"I'll try on one more, though."

"Just one?" I asked with a pout.

"For now," she said.

"Okay," I agreed.

She disappeared again, and I waited for her to change. She came out eventually, wearing one that was ridiculously hot, and a little dominant.

All black.

A zipper in the front that gave her limitless options for how much cleavage (or navel) she could show.

Black stockings.

"I may be repeating myself, but wow," I said.

"I think I'll just keep this one on for now," she said, as she pulled the tag off of it.

"Forever?" I joked.

"Maybe," she winked and returned to the change room.

I waited for her to come back out, we paid for all the panties, lingerie and stockings, and headed to her car.

"One more stop," she said. "Get in."

"But my car?"

"I'll drop you back off after I'm done with you," she said, squeezing my penis.

"Okay," I groaned, my penis desperate for release; but that wasn't happening until tomorrow night.

We drove for about ten minutes as she chatted about work and a new merger she was working on. I talked about two clients I was trying to reel in.

We arrived at a strip mall with an adult store.

"Let's go get you a cage for that tiny penis of yours," she said, as she squeezed said penis.

"Yes please, Mistress," I agreed.

We walked into the store as she joked, giving my hand a soft squeeze, "As much as I spent here a couple days ago, plus whatever we spend today, they should start giving me a 'preferred customer' discount."

"Who knew the road to being a sissy faggot would be so costly?" I joked.

"Yeah, who knew?" she agreed, as we entered the store.

Unlike Victoria's Secret, where Joan had been largely discreet, and I think anyone paying attention would have assumed every purchase was for her... she wasn't at all discreet here. She asked, ironically, a young bald black man looking to be in his early twenties, "Where would your dick cages for my honey be?"

"I'll take you there, ma'am," he said, as if the request wasn't the least bit strange, even as he gave me the twice over. It made me wonder how many people came in here to buy cages. I couldn't even begin to come up with a figure. Was it miniscule? Huge?

Yet, like the store I'd gone to, there was an entire section with just cages.

"Oh my," Joan said, I think as surprised as I'd been by how many different kinds there were.

"Is it for him?" the black guy asked point blank, speaking to her and ignoring me, except as something to point at. He knew already who was in charge in this relationship, which was again a little humiliating, but we were here for a penis cage, so I was far past objecting to any amount of humiliation.

"Of course," Joan nodded, I'm sure my cheeks the brightest red they'd ever been. I lowered my gaze, avoiding eye contact with either of them.

"I see," he said. "Is the purpose discipline?"

"Kind of," she said, as I looked up. "He's in training of sorts. I want him caged, but..." she paused as she examined a device that looked like a miniature iron maiden, spikes and all, "I don't want him in pain."

"Okay," he nodded. "There are quite a few options for that."

"Great," Joan said, clearly excited... which excited me.

"I recommend a metal one, although plastic ones are available as well," he explained.

"What's the difference?" Joan asked. I was curious too, wishing I'd done some research for this surreal shopping trip.

"To be honest, if your man is going all the way in obedience," he said, "the plastic ones are too weak, although many couples begin with a plastic one. It's a little less aggressive, and a lot lighter. Less costly, as well."

"I see," Joan said.

"May I ask a personal question?" the salesman asked.

"Sure," Joan said.

"Is his penis small?"

"Tiny," Joan answered, using her hands to measure four inches.

"I see," he said. "This metal one is quite popular, but it will make his penis look pathetic... defeated," he said, handing it to her. "Which is either good or bad, depending on your goals."

I looked up and saw it was a metal one with a lock.

"I see," Joan said, mulling this over. "We are, to be blunt, exploring his feminine side, and we're only at stage one."

"I see," he replied, and thankfully his tone didn't change. He didn't seem to be judging me, and his ignoring me appeared to be more from deference to my Mistress rather than any particular disdain for me.

"Any restrictions to wearing these?" Joan asked.

"Lots," he chuckled deeply. "Obviously if he gets excited, the rigid cage will restrict his growing and might cause pain, if his brain pumps too much blood down there."

"I see," Joan said, glancing at me with a smile.

"And regardless of which kind you purchase, he'll have to sit down to urinate," he explained. "Otherwise it will go everywhere."

"Makes sense," Joan nodded, even though I hadn't thought about that issue, which would obviously have to be dealt with. "Erica, from now on, I'll expect you to sit down whenever you urinate."

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, making our hierarchy clear to this man, even though it had already been obvious.

"Good girl," Joan smiled, taking my unresistant response as permission to push the envelope. She looked at the name tag on his shirt and said, "Carter, this is my pet, Erica."

Not really caring much about me or my feminized name, Carter took the introduction strictly as information and asked suavely, "And you are?"

"Joan," she responded with a flirtatious smile.

"It's very nice to meet you, Joan," he said, saying her name in a fashion that sounded sexy and seductive.

"You too, Carter," Joan smiled, after a moment where flocks of imaginary birds burst into song, and I thought they might fuck each other here and now right in front of me, which of course would tick a major item off of both our bucket lists. "Any other advice?"

"Yes, I suggest tight underwear," he explained, "for a couple of reasons. First, if you get a cage with a padlock, it can flop around when he walks, making some sounds you don't necessarily want; and second, just to keep it place."

"Well, he's already wearing my panties and his pantyhose, so those should keep it nice and compact," Joan explained.

Humiliation compounded humiliation... which of course turned me on.

"I see," he said, this time seemed to be judging. "May I ask another personal question?"

"Ask away," Joan responded playfully.

"Are you sissifying Erica?"

"That's the plan," Joan answered. "Isn't that right, Erica?"

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, feeling so ashamed, so unmanly, yet so completely turned on from the humiliation.

"I see," he said. "Well, if you ever need any advice on the sissifying process, feel free to chat with me."

"I'll definitely take you up on that offer," Joan said, stressing the word. She then seemed curious and added, "Do you have experience with sissies?"

"I may," Carter said, in a tone that announced loud and clear that he did. "For example," he continued, "I can help with the many benefits of caging."

"Do tell," Joan asked, looking at me... and I was equally curious.

"Well, a chastity cage keeps the sissy constantly horny, which if managed appropriately, makes him a hundred percent obedient to his Mistress or Master."

"Master?" Joan asked slyly.

"May I be blunt?"

"Please do."

"Sissies tend to be white or Asian, and more often than not, one of their major fantasies is to submit to a..." he paused, , seemingly not wanting just to blurt out the rest.

"To a BBC?" Joan asked.

"Exactly," he smiled.

"Tell me more," Joan asked, on the virtual edge of her seat (since she wasn't seated).

"Well, the sissy will eventually become conditioned only to derive pleasure from offering up her..." he again paused, this already surreal conversation now also becoming very intimate, given that Carter was a complete stranger.

"Her what?" Joan asked, even though she knew exactly what he was about to say.

"Her pussy," he finished.

"Have you experience as a Master?" Joan asked.

"Perhaps," he smiled, again in a way that shouted out that the answer was undoubtedly yes.

"To both sissies and women?" Joan pursued.

"They often come as pairs," Carter answered, rather blatantly offering to dominate us both.

"That is very good to know," Joan replied with dripping flirtation, that didn't even remotely hide her interest in becoming his submissive. And bringing me along for the ride, of course.

"By the way, with Erica locked up, she can be trained eventually to experience sissy orgasms, her own pleasure linked to providing her Master or Mistress anything they desire," Carter continued, completely reading my mind.

"And if the sissy wants her Mistress to submit to a Master?" Joan asked.

"It often happens," Carter said.

"Well," Joan said with a sexy smile. "That's great to know, isn't it, Erica?"

"Yes indeed, Mistress," I replied.

Joan grabbed a couple of cages, turned to me and asked, "Which one do you choose?"

She handed me a pink plastic cage and the bronzed one with a lock.

"Um... I..." I stammered, unsure what to say... knowing that this black guy, obviously a BBC from his familiarity with domination, submission and sissification (I wondered how big he was), was watching me. And then I decided... fuck it. I didn't know him. I wanted to impress Joan... and perhaps even him... and the very real possibly of my sucking his cock at some point in time, or down the road watching him fuck Joan, all just added to the twisted exhilaration I was feeling. So I decided. "Well the pink one is cute and feminine, but it's plastic, and Sir Carter here tells us that's for the lame. While this brass one is sturdy, and it has a lock; so you, Mistress, could be Caretaker of the Key."

"Mmmmmmm," Joan approved, before turning to Carter and asking, "Do you approve, Sir Carter?"

"I do," he nodded. "It's the perfect one for a real sissy, and it gives you all the power, once he entrusts you with the key."

"When she gives me the key," Joan corrected.

"Right, right," he chuckled, "she gives you the key."

"Thanks, Master Carter," Joan said, once implying her willingness to submit to him. "Now, we need a couple more toys."

"Anything in particular?"

"No, I think we'll just browse by ourselves, if that's okay," Joan said.

"Of course. I'll be up front, if you have any questions," he said, his flirtation with my girlfriend not even a little bit subtle.

"Great, thank you," Joan said. "You've been very, very, very helpful," going a bit overboard, but hey... it was her call.

"It's my pleasure," he said, stressing the word, and walked away. His obvious flirtation and complete disregard of me as a threat to his owning this woman, made me both jealous and turned on. The idea of a young virile black man like that fucking Joan, was a major turn on. The idea of a confident black man with a BBC face fucking me, was another turn-on.

"He's fucking hot," she whispered to me.

"And I bet has a nice BBC," I replied.

"I bet you'd love to see him fuck me, wouldn't you?" she asked, as she squeezed my cock and found me rock hard.

"God, yes," I moaned.

"You just can't control this tiny thing can you?" she scolded, squeezing it hard.

"Not with you around," I replied sweetly.

"Or a BBC around," she added.

"Well, now that you've examined almost all the contents of the closet I was hiding in, that goes without saying," I joked.

"God, you're a sissy little faggot," she said, not in a condescending way, but in a way that hinted it kind of turned her on.

"Yes, Mistress," I properly addressed her.

"Now, let's go and find some more toys," she said.

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, as she took my hand and led me to an aisle entirely filled with cocks.

"I'm looking for something in particular," she said, looking around.

"Will it be black?" I joked.

"Hopefully," she smiled. After a few more seconds, she said, "Here it is."

She grabbed a large black cock, around ten inches, and said, "This is perfect."

"It sure is," I agreed, imagining that monster slamming into her.

"It's a suction cock," she said, then added, "and it vibrates."

"Suction cock?"

"Yeah, it sticks to a wall," she said. "I'll show you later."

"Okay," I agreed, curious, trying to imagine a purpose for a suction cock.

She led me to another aisle, where she grabbed some handcuffs, and then to the clothing section where she asked, "Which fantasy would you like to fulfill first?"

There were outfits for every possible occupation, it seemed... all of them slutty: nurse (I'd always had a thing for nurse porn, as they were almost always in white nylons); maid (that one seemed too symbolically accurate, I was already signed up to serve her in every conceivable fashion); cowgirl (I liked the idea of her riding me); princesses of all sorts (the idea of creating a sissy porn version of a princess movie was kind of hot); businesswoman (she already was one, so not much of a fantasy); teacher (which was kind of hot, since I'd had a few teachers I'd jerked off to back in high school because of their nylon-clad legs, etc.)

Yet I instantly knew which one I liked the best. I wasn't sure if it was for her or me, perhaps both, but I'd fantasized about them ever since I was in high school... also totally ignored by them in high school... so I said, "The cheerleader outfit. Definitely."

"Of course," she smirked, although it was on a shelf too high for either of us to reach.

"I've always wanted to fuck a cheerleader," I said.

"Ah, but so have I," she countered, making it clear who'd be wearing it.

"Mmmmmm," I said, the idea of myself playing the cheerleader kind of hot.

"May I please get your help, Carter?" Joan called over, not using terms like Master or Sir, since there were now a couple of other customers in the store.

"Be right there," he replied, his voice deep and strong... the polar opposite of mine.

Joan grabbed a couple pairs of fishnets in black and pink (I didn't even know they made pink fishnets), and a couple more pairs of panties. She pointed out, "Look, they're crotchless, so I can have easy access to your clitty in a cage."

"What can I do for you, Joan?" Carter asked, obviously hearing that last sentence.

"He's chosen that cheerleader outfit up there," Joan said.

"Good choice," he replied as if he were a sommelier, using a long metal grab stick to take it down. A moment later he handed it to her and asked, "Is it for you or her?"

Joan smiled seductively as she flirted aggressively, "Depends on who we're wearing it for."

"I'd love to see you in it one day," he said, ignoring me and still not remotely seeing me as a threat. This should have offended me, should have stirred my manliness to defend myself and my woman, yet the possibility of Joan surrendering us both to him, turned me on completely.

"We may be able to make that a reality very soon," she smiled.

"May I help you find anything else?" he asked a few seconds later, while they both looked into each other's eyes with lust, and both of them seeming to forget I was even there.

"I think for tonight, we're good," Joan said, looking into the basket where she'd placed our items.

"I think you probably are," he smiled, also looking in the basket.

"Go pay, Erica," Joan ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, no longer having any shame in this situation. Instead, I was completely aroused by my treatment... knowing I was likely inferior to this young black man in every possible way.

"Good girl," Joan said.

At the till it was just him and me, and he asked, as he rang up our items, "May I ask you a personal question?"

"I think we're past your needing to ask, Sir," I said, indicating I was already willing to be submissive to him.

"Noted. Are you a BBC sissy?" he asked bluntly.

"Not yet, but I want to be," I replied forthrightly, his question (and my answer) making my cock flinch.

"I see," he said, not saying anything else, but smiling ever so slyly.

I paid for the items, was entitled to a free vibrating egg toy for spending over a hundred dollars, but Carter offered, "I'll give you the anal vibrating toy instead."

"Thank you," I replied sheepishly, wondering what a vibrating something would feel like in my man-pussy... would it enhance the pleasure? Stimulate the prostate?

"Since you've offered, it's now Master," he said.

"Thank you, Master," I obediently, and excitedly responded.

I grabbed my things and headed to Joan as Carter called out rather dominantly, "Joan, come here."

Joan handed me her keys and said, "Go to the car."

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, even though she already had her back to me, going to him. Would she be as submissive to Carter as I was to her?

I carried our purchases to the car and waited only two or three minutes, not nearly long enough for her to get fucked or anything... probably.

Once she was in the car, I asked, "What did he want?"

"Oh, just talking about possibilities," she said.

"What does that mean?" I asked, curious.

"It means we may have a BBC lined up for somewhere down the road," she smiled as she began driving.

"Oh," I said, both excited and nervous at the prospect of our having a BBC.

"And he's fucking big," she added.

"Oh," I repeated, as we drove in silence the rest of the way, as I wondered how she knew how big he was, but feeling it wasn't my place to ask.

We drove back to my car, and then separately back to my place. The entire time, my penis was hard as I imagined what might come next. What I couldn't explain was why I was so eager and excited to become caged. I mean I loved sex. I loved having orgasms. Why was I deliberately lobbying Joan to cage me? I didn't have an answer to that, other than feeling myself ready for complete submission to this beautiful woman.

We got to my place, got inside, and she kissed me... hard.

Breaking the kiss, she said, "God, I'm so fucking horny."

"Me too," I admitted.

"I couldn't stop imagining fucking Carter," she admitted, as she took my hand and led me upstairs to the bedroom, carrying our two bags of purchases in her other hand. Totally unlike last night, climbing the stairs with this Size Medium butt plug as a passenger wasn't difficult at all.

"Me neither," I admitted, now knowing for certain she hadn't fucked him. Although I was being really silly to think she could fuck him... and then be willing to walk away... in only three minutes.

"Or watching you getting face fucked by his big black dick," she added.

"Me too," I said, as I went into my bedroom. "He has me calling him Master now."

"I know. Me too. Now get undressed," she ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," I said, thinking I was perhaps going to get one last fuck before the cage went on. I got out of my suit.

She dumped both bags in their entirety onto the bed. Fuck, did we purchase a lot of items.

"Let's see," she pondered. "What to use first."

I joked, "My face."

"Maybe later," she smiled, as she unpackaged the cage and unlocked it.

"Or that," I said, unfortunately already hard, so it might hurt.

"I see you're horny again," she said, as she moved her finger to my penis and scooped up a little pre-cum. "Here, have a snack."

I opened my mouth and sucked my pre-cum from her finger without hesitation, although there wasn't enough to get much of a taste.

"And before we cage you," she said, "I have another idea."

"What's that?" I asked curiously.

"I'll be right back," she said as she left my bedroom. I tried to get my penis to shrink, no way the cage would fit while I was hard, even at four and a half inches, and wondering where she'd gone.

She returned a minute later with my razor and cream. She smiled, "Sissies shouldn't have any hair on their bodies, should they?"

"I've never thought about it," I answered, although I wasn't really a hairy man in the first place, another of my feminine charms.

"From your neck down, there shouldn't be a single strand of hair," she dictated, as she shoved me backwards onto my bed.

"Oh," was all I could say to that. As I pondered her decree, I realized it made sense. If I was to be a real sissy, a fully feminized fellow, it made sense for me to be hairless, like most women.

"Spread your legs," she ordered.

I joked, "Hey, I'm supposed to say that."

"Not anymore, Erica," she said as she roughly, like a man, forced my legs apart.

"Oh my," I said, watching the gender hierarchy swap happening in real time.

"I wouldn't move much if I were you," she warned, as she covered my hairy lower region with shaving cream.

"I trust you," I said, a slight chill going up my spine at what she was doing. My penis still hard.

"I trust me too," she smiled, before standing up and saying, "Shoot, we should get a towel. This could get a little messy."

I laughed, "Good thinking."

She left and returned with a towel and put it under me. "Now don't move," she warned, as she approached my genitals with the razor.

And for ten minutes, my entire groin area was shaved. I just laid back and oddly, enjoyed the experience. It reminded me of the funny scene in Bad Moms Christmas where a girl shaves a very well-endowed stripper... although without the witty conversation, or a wowed woman in awe of a massive dick.

It was a little nerve-wracking as she stretched out my ball sac and carefully, slowly shaved it. As well as rounding up any maverick hairs on or around my tiny clitty.

"I want you to do your legs tonight, too," she said.

"Okay," I nodded.

"Thankfully you're pretty much hairless on your chest, so we needn't bother," she said.

"Yeah," I said, not sure what else to say about something I was always insecure about... the lack of hair on my chest. Yet now it was a good thing.

"Roll over," she ordered. "Let's make sure your ass is hairless."

"Not an order I ever imagined being given to me," I laughed awkwardly.

"Just a few baby hairs," she apprised, adding, "now don't move."

I remained stoic, as the razor smoothly touched down here and there on my ass.

She then pulled my ass cheeks apart, "And a few around your pussy."

She then ordered, "Pull your ass cheeks apart for me."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, as she pulled the plug out of my pussy.

"Oooooh," I moaned, as I suddenly felt empty.

"Keep them spread apart," she reminded me, as she then shaved my inner cracks and right on my pussy. Once done she ordered, "Still don't move."

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, holding my ass cheeks wide apart.

A moment later, she poured lube into my open hole and said, "Your pussy looks like it's dying to be filled."

"It's telling me the same thing," I agreed, as I looked back and saw her holding the complimentary toy Carter had given me.

"This isn't even close to the largest one in the three-pack, that thing is ridiculously thick and outrageous," she said. "But thankfully Carter gave you this, which is actually a little thinner than the plug that was just in your pussy, but a little bit longer, and it vibrates."

"Well, thank God for that," I joked, as she lubed the new toy.

"I've never had anything vibrating in my ass before," she said.

"Me neither," I joked, or before yesterday, anything at all, as I kept my ass cheeks pulled wide apart.

"Ready for another cock in your cunt?" she asked, yet another wild utterance for the list from my beautiful girlfriend's lips.

"Is the sky bluuuuuue," I began to answer, when she just slammed the cock in me.

"Fuck," I groaned.

"Sissy sluts take it hard," she pointed out.

"Yes, Mistress," I moaned, as she pressed a remote control button while I lay writhing on my belly.

"Oooooooh," I moaned again as the vibrations began, creating sensations of pleasure in my very core, the slight remaining pain dissipating in a heartbeat... or in this case, a wave.

"Feel nice?" she asked.

"So good," I moaned.

"Roll onto your back," she ordered.

I slowly flipped over, careful to not let the toy go all the way inside me, as this one didn't have a base to keep it lodged in, but easy to get out.

She grabbed the cage and fastened it to my penis, which I didn't even realize had already shrunk to its pathetic one-and-a-half inch resting state.

I was intrigued by how it worked. The base of it looked very like a cock ring, except for a hinge on the bottom, so it could open to wrap around both my penis and my balls, and then close up again to be secured by the tiny padlock. So without unlocking the padlock, the cock ring couldn't be removed. And the point of all this was a penis-shaped cage, slender bands of brass, permanently attached to the ring. So I was completely unable to touch my penis through the cage, and the scariest part was that if my body attempted to grow an erection larger than the cage, it would get uncomfortable for me, or even painful, if my body was too stubborn.

"So, do I own this key?" she asked, holding it up as she looked at my caged clitty.

"Yes, Mistress, and with everything that entails," I agreed, the cage feeling a little awkward, but not uncomfortable. But as I said, I was totally soft at the moment.

"Who owns your clitty?" she asked liturgically, looking down at my tiny caged penis as if she were attending a miniature zoo.

"You do, Mistress," I responded.

"So I'm the one who decides if, when, where, and how often you're allowed to come," she clarified.

"Yes, Mistress," I agreed again, the thought of being under her control to this extent was so fucking hot, my clitty began to get hard. "Oooooooooh."

"Is your clitty excited?" she teased, as she got out of her clothes.

"Yes," I moaned, at the impressive magical power of the chastity cage. I'd feel myself begin to get stimulated, my penis would touch metal, and then back off. A little discomfort. A constant reminder that I was no longer in control of my sexual pleasure, that my organ was owned by Joan.

"Trying to get hard?"

"Yes."

"But you can't, can you?" she asked. Now standing before me in her all-black attire, looking all sexy and austere.

"My clitty wants to stay nice and soft, but that outfit you're wearing isn't helping, Mistress. So then she wants to come out and play, and then it's like the nasty guards step in and beat her back," I groaned, "or at least that's how it feels," my clitty desperately trying to get hard, but constantly being turned back by the cage. It was the most surreal experience I'd ever had. Horny as fuck mentally, but physically never hard. In constant lust, but lust severely restricted; and with the persistent reminder of a little discomfort whenever my puppy got too close to the bars of her cage.

"I see. Then my next little trick really won't help," she said, as she grabbed the ten-inch cock and straddled my face. "Get my cunt nice and wet for this big black cock."

"Yes, Mistress." I moaned, as I leaned up slightly to lick her pussy, as my clitty ached and my pussy buzzed.

"Oh yes, my sissy slut, get your woman all nice and ready for her big black cock," she moaned, as the vibrations inside me changed patterns.

"Ohhhhhh," I moaned, my clitty desperately trying to break free from the restrictive restraint I'd willingly allowed to be clamped onto my so-called manhood. The new pattern was a little more intense, and Joan's dirty humiliating words added to the pleasure I was trying to refuse for fear of pain.

"I'm about to fuck the shit out of a big black cock, baby," she moaned, as she ground on my face. "Do you want to see me take ten big black inches in my cunt?"

"God, yes," I moaned, although thinking of Carter, and not the fake cock she was holding at the ready.

She rolled off my face and grabbed the big dick.

"Lick the suction cup," she ordered, "get it nice and wet," placing it before me.

I did. Generously.

She took the cock to the wall and stuck it in place. She knelt on all fours, looked up at me and ordered, "Roll onto your stomach and watch me."

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, getting into position to watch her take ten inches in her pussy... more than double my length.

"Grab the last plug and place it under your clitty," she ordered.

"Okay," I obeyed, although I couldn't understand the point. I reached for the plug, awkwardly set it under my caged clitty, and looked up to see that Joan was now a little closer to the wall, so she must have at least an inch or two inside her.

"Oh, it's so big," she moaned.

"Fuck that big black dick," I cheered her on, imagining that one day soon these toys would be replaced by actual black cocks.

"You want me to take this big black cock in my white cunt, baby?" she asked, as she slowly began to ride the black dick.

"Yes, baby, take that black cock all the way inside that white pussy of yours," I said, feeling my confined clitty desperately trying to salute the act I was witnessing.

"Oh yes," she moaned, "this fake black cock feels so much better than your tiny Asian clitty."

That was the first time ever she'd mentioned my race, and it coming across like a slur, somehow enhanced the excitement I was feeling, even as a modicum of racial pride inside me rejected it.

"Is your clitty hard?" she asked as she continued slowly to fuck herself.

"The cage won't let it be," I admitted.

"Hump the plug while you watch me," she ordered, as she began moving faster on the big black cock.

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, awkwardly fucking the bed and the plug... the cage thwarting my every attempted erection driving me wild.

"Think Carter will fuck me like this?" Joan asked, bouncing on the big black cock. I noted she said 'will', and not anything less certain, such as 'might'.

"Oh yes," I moaned, visualizing the good-looking college-age black man pounding her from behind.

"I bet he'd fuck your pussy too," she moaned.

"Oh yes, if you'd allow me to take his big black cock in my cunt?" I asked wickedly, humping the plug like the pathetic faggot I was becoming.

"I might not have anything to say about it. He could be Master to us both by then," Joan moaned, clearly very turned on, both from getting fucked by this BBC, and from imagining me getting fucked by a real BBC.

"Yes, yes, yes," I moaned, so desperate to cum, and yet completely at the mercy of the cage and my girlfriend.

"And after he came in me, you'd eat my cum-filled cunt," she continued, her moans increasing as she bounced on the big black cock, looking so gorgeous riding it in the sexy lingerie.

"Yes, I'll do anything my Mistress tells me to," I moaned.

"And your Master as well?" she questioned, bouncing furiously on the cock.

"Yes, yes, and my Master," I agreed.

"Hump the plug, you sissy slut," she ordered.

"Oh God, it feels so good to obey you," I moaned.

"But you can't come, can you?" she asked, her moans telling me she was very close.

"Yes, it's so intensely frustrating," I agreed, my body and mind at war with my lust.

"Oh fuck, I'm coming on this big... black... fucking cock," she screamed, as she collapsed forward onto my carpeted floor, spasming like she was being overpowered by an epileptic seizure of pleasure.

"Yes, come from that big black dick," I moaned, loving to see her come so hard. Her pleasure was my pleasure.

She looked up at me a minute later, as her intense orgasm seemed to finally begin to dissipate and said, "Did you like watching me fuck a big black cock?"

"Hottest thing ever," I answered, my clitty aching.

She weakly got up and said, "Roll over."

I did, my entire body at her mercy, as she mused, "Oh, that's a lot of pre-cum."

She grabbed the plug from my pussy and placed it to my mouth. "Clean up your toy, you sissy slut."

I licked my precum off the plug, like the obedient bimbo sissy I was.

Once I was done, she asked, kissing me, "So is this still what you want?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"The cage. The sissification. The possibility of us both being put through our paces by a BBC Master," she listed. "This week we've been sharing would just be the beginning."

I got it. She was giving me an out.

If I didn't want to continue this journey, this was my chance to close Pandora's Box.

Yet I didn't want out. I didn't want Pandora's Box closed for business.

I responded, "What I want most is to do everything with you. So if you tell me I should have a Master, or that we should have a Master together, then I want that too. But on the other hand, if I already have a Master and you tell me I mustn't have one, then I won't. So bottom line, no matter what else happens, you'll be my Mistress for as long as you'll have me."

She smiled, kissing me again, "Wow, that's some declaration! But lucky for us, I want to do everything with you, too; just as you described."

I'd wanted to wait until tomorrow to say it, but I couldn't hold my feelings back any longer. "I love you, Joan."

"I love you too, Eric," she said, the look on her face melting from my words. Did I think I'd say and hear those words with a cage on my clitty and a plug in my cunt? No. Yet I wouldn't take it back for the world.

I embellished, meaning this, too. "I love you unconditionally, Joan."

She smiled, "I love you too." She paused for a moment before adding, "and yes, unconditionally."

I said, "I want to do everything with you."

"I want to do everything with you," she smiled, as she grabbed the razor. "Now let's get these legs shaved."

She got every hair off of my legs. Plus the few I had on my chest.

We put on a movie in my bedroom (Four Weddings and a Funeral) and cuddled. She fell asleep in my arms. And yes, I still had a cage around my penis, and a plug in my cunt (with the vibrations turned off so I could sleep). If there's an anomaly in that, I can't see it.

It was such a wonderfully intimate end to a day of unfathomable kink.

And there was still tomorrow... this had been just the beginning.

THE END OF CHAPTER 2

Coming next: Sissification 101 Chapter 3: Erica gets pegged.


Sissification 101: Ch. 03
Story Info

Eric(a) gets pegged for the first time.
10.4k words
4.68
47.2k
76
12
PUBLIC BETA

Note: You can change font size, font face, and turn on dark mode by clicking the "A" icon tab in the Story Info Box.

You can temporarily switch back to a Classic Literotica® experience during our ongoing public Beta testing. Please consider leaving feedback on issues you experience or suggest improvements.
Click here
silkstockingslover
silkstockingslover
546 Works
38190 Followers

Sissification 101 Ch 03

Summary: Eric(a) gets pegged for the first time.

Thanks to Eric who requested and helped plot this lengthy story.

Recap so far:

Sissification 101 tells the story of Eric, a mid-30s Asian, who has been hiding his sissy side curiosity for years until he is caught in pantyhose watching hypno-sissy porn by a very supportive girlfriend.

Sissification 101 Ch 02 as Eric begins his sissy training by getting his ass trained for cock and his tiny clitty caged by his girlfriend as the hierarchy is established with Joan in control.

6. PEGGED... A LOVE STORY

FRIDAY

Joan was already gone when I woke up; she was a morning person.

She left a note:

I want you in the white panties and the complete set of white lingerie all day, and of course the cage, since I have the key.

Looking forward to tonight.

Love Joan

The only thing I focused on as I read the letter was one word: love.

She loved me.

After a few of the craziest days of my life, each more amazing than the previous, I was getting ready for an even more amazing one: both romantically and intimately.

Today already hadn't gone as originally planned, as I'd told her I loved her last night, instead of waiting. That said, everything else was in line for the night of our lives.

I took the plug out.

I got out of bed.

Standing up, having been lying in bed the entire time I'd been in the cage, I realized how heavy it was.

It seemed, ever so slightly, to pull my clitty down.

I looked at myself in the mirror with my clitty caged.

It looked so pathetic and fragile.

I showered, which was a little awkward with the cage, especially while trying to wash my clitty.

I put on the lingerie... that challenge taking way longer than I'd anticipated. The garter-belt was difficult to figure out, and I didn't realize until I went pee that I should have put the panties on after the garter-belt and stockings, not before. Unfortunately I didn't have time to fix it, as I was already running late. Which made getting my clitty out to pee, even more of a struggle.

I went to work, and it was the longest day ever.

First, all I could think about was Joan, and the night ahead.

Second, every second Friday Joan's entire department had the day off, so she wasn't even there.

Third, I couldn't focus on anything, as I imagined Joan wearing a strap-on, or Joan taking Carter's BBC in one of her holes (I could just tell he had a big cock).

Fourth, Joan teased me all day.

A morning text: Just a picture of her strap-on and some lube lying on her bed. My clitty desperately tried to get excited, but thwarted by the brass ceiling.

I texted back: Who is that for?

But she didn't respond to my playful banter.

At 10:00: A picture of just her feet, her toenails freshly painted ruby red, in black nylons. My clitty desperately wanted to salute the beautiful, perfectly manicured toenails, but the cage said, Nope!

I texted back: Those look perfect. I can't wait to worship them as they deserve to be worshipped.

At 11:00: A picture taken by someone else, of her at a salon getting her hair done.

I texted back: You look amazing, honey.

At noon: A picture of a gloryhole with the caption, Don't you wish you were here?

My clitty so badly tried to answer that one with some action, but was denied entry, a constant reminder that 'you know who' was in charge of it.

I texted back: I hope we go on a date there someday soon. We could both gobble up all the chocolate we could handle.

Every single time, she was ignoring my responses, or at least not replying to them, which was frustrating. And because of my chronic insecurity, a little rattling... even though if I stepped back for some detachment, it seemed pretty obvious I had very little, if anything at all, to worry about.

At 1:00: A picture of a white woman between a black woman's legs. It wasn't Joan, but her question was hot... How badly do you want to see me eating a chocolate cunt?

I responded: My clitty tries to destroy the cage when you ask a question like that.

No response from her.

At 2:00: A picture of a black cock... a big hard black cock. Just visiting Master Carter. Don't worry, I didn't do anything other than watch him stroke and get hard so I could take the picture.

Oh fuck.

Carter's dick was huge!

Easily 10 inches.

Thick.

Majestic.

Captivating.

Mouth watering.

Cage rattling.

I had nothing against her sucking or fucking him... although if I had a choice, I'd want to be on hand to watch.

I responded: Please tell Master Carter his cock is mouth watering, clitty crowding in the cage, and amazing.

At 2:10: An open mouth displaying a big lake of white cum in it. I promise I didn't touch his big black cock, although I wanted to so badly. I didn't suck it, or let him fuck me, although I promised he'd be our first if we decided to follow through with serving a BBC Master for the two of us. That said, he insisted I catch his big load, and savour it for you. I obeyed, as a good submissive will do for ANY BBC.

God, I needed out of this cage.

If I had the key, it would be unlocked and I'd be spewing my load in seconds, I imagine.

Yet I didn't have the key.

I was completely helpless, and at the whimsical mercy of my beautiful girlfriend.

I texted back: You're a very lucky BBC cum slut... which I hope I get to join you in being VERY, VERY, SOON. PS: my clitty has a headache from her day of desperate attempts to salute every picture and message you've sent me.

Still no response from her... it was amazing how needy I was becoming. I needed her validation. I needed her voice. God, this was definitely love.

At 4:00: A gif of a guy getting spit-roasted. A BBC in his mouth, and a strap-on wielded by a hot blonde at his back end. The message this time had me aching in ways I'd never felt before: Carter and I discussed trying this position with OUR sissy.

Our sissy.

Holy fuck.

That should have terrified me.

I'd willingly given myself mind, body, soul and caged clitty to the woman I loved... and it seemed that with that willing submission I was also surrendering all my freedom, plus any vague semblance of normalcy (if that even existed anymore) to a black college stud.

Each text made my clitty ache with frustration.

And with discomfort.

And acceptance.

I replied, making it clear I was ready to replace that guy: My mouth and pussy exist only for my Master's and my Mistress's pleasure.

I pressed Send, feeling a rush of adrenaline course through me, as my clitty struggled against her restraints uncontrollably, like a desperate fish on a hook.

For the first time she texted back, just a single word: Soon.

And at 4:30: Go to your office... NOW.

I was actually just shooting the shit with Kevin, a partner, when the text arrived.

"I've got to get going," I said. Kevin knew, and even cared, that today was our four-month anniversary, as he was a romantic guy who still brought flowers home to his wife... weekly.

"Joan?" he asked.

"Yep," I nodded.

"Enjoy tonight then," he said, completely unaware of the new power dynamic that had surged into place for us this week.

"I imagine it's going to be life altering," I said, thinking of that strap-on.

"Don't go in there demanding too much of yourself," he cautioned. "Just be who you are."

"For the first time in my life, who I really am is exactly who I'm being," I said, feeling so liberated not to be living a lie anymore. Well, I was definitely living a lie to Kevin and everyone else who knew me... but with the one I cared about the most, I was completely naked in every conceivable way... although physically naked only when it was allowed.

"That's great," he said, and then joked, "Don't do anything I wouldn't do."

"I'll try," I smiled, as I headed to my office, wondering if Joan was there, and thinking it unlikely that Kevin ever got pegged.

To my surprise, she wasn't.

But there was a giftwrapped box on my desk.

Having no idea what it was, just knowing I'd be better off if no one saw my gift. I closed and locked my office door, then unwrapped the box. According to the outside, it was called a Dual Vibrating Egg for Penis and Anal Vibrating sex toy.

My phone rang.

It was Joan.

"Hi, honey," I greeted, looking forward just to hearing her voice.

"Hey, baby," Joan replied. Just those two words, and my heart melted. "How was your day?"

"Nowhere near as exciting as yours.''

"Everything I did today was for you, baby."

"Everything?" I teased, slightly scoffing.

"Well, I did receive some benefits from doing them, for sure," she admitted cheerfully.

"Was the chocolate satisfying?"

"I'm sorry to say that I was just allowed to have the creamy filling," she said. "Although I was really tempted to gobble down that chocolate whole."

"I can imagine," I said, visualizing my beautiful girlfriend on her knees sucking that young big black cock.

"You're imagining me sucking Carter's big black cock, aren't you?" she nailed me.

"I plead the Fifth," I responded with a slight chuckle, in awe of how well she knew me.

"I'll take that as a 'yes you most certainly would like to see me with ten inches of Carter's big thick black cock in my mouth'," she said wickedly.

I responded, countering her nasty words with some of my own, although I whispered them, somehow nervous to be heard outside my office, even though I knew that would be impossible, "Or seeing that big fat youthful cock slamming into that pink pussy of yours."

She jumped right back with, "Or even rooting up my tight asshole."

I countered, each of us upping the other's sexual ante, "Or tearing apart my virgin cunt."

"Okay, you win," she laughed, before adding, "although that virgin cunt is mine."

"Well, that goes without saying," I said.

"On that happy note, what do you think of your gift?" she asked.

"It looks, umm... confusing," I said. Basically it was a couple of bright-coloured smallish objects connected to each other with electrical wiring; and that was it. "Umm... I'm guessing the one shaped like an egg should go in my ass."

"That's right, and I expect it to go in your ass right now," she said. "I left some lube in your top left-hand desk drawer."

"Okay, but what about the other one?" I asked.

"It's a clamp, and usually it would go around a cock," she said, "but you don't have one of those."

That hurt, yet turned me on.

"It could also go around your clitty, except for that tiny thing being caged," she added, humiliation compounding humiliation... which only added to my complete sexual submission. "See if it can fit around your cage."

"Okay," I said.

"Do it now," she ordered.

"Okay," I repeated.

"Okay, what?" she snapped.

"Okay, Mistress," I corrected.

"Good girl," she said. "First of all, see if the clamp fits around your cage. When I bought it on Monday evening, I hadn't even thought of caging you yet."

"Okay, Mistress," I said, taking my pants down.

I grabbed the toy, awkwardly worked it inside my panties (I really should have put the panties on outside the garter; it had been a complete inconvenience this way all day). Although not a great fit, it did fit around the cage, just awkwardly.

"It kind of fits, Mistress," I reported.

"Good. Now lube up the egg and slide it in your pussy," she ordered.

"Okay, Mistress," I replied, getting more excited with each order she gave me.

"You love being told what to do, don't you?" she asked, as I opened my desk drawer and saw the lube immediately. She likely should have put that somewhere a little more discreet, but it wasn't for me to criticize.

I admitted, "It's like you can read my mind."

"Well, we're both very similar kinds of sexual deviants," she said. "We have lots of the same kinks."

"Well, there is that," I laughed, as I coated the smallish egg with lube. This would be a lot easier to slide into my pussy than the last plug, and also assumedly easier to walk around with.

"You like being my slut?" she asked.

"I love it," I admitted, as I stood up, positioning myself to slide the egg inside my needy cunt.

"I know you do, my slutty, sissy pet," she said wickedly.

"Oooooh," I moaned softly as the egg slipped inside my pussy.

"I heard that. Is it in?"

"It is," I answered. I then added, "Umm... but according to the packaging, there should be a remote."

"Should there?" she asked with such blithe innocence that I knew she'd taken possession of it.

"I can't wait to see you," I said, having been looking forward to this special night even before it had become a sexual special night.

"I can't wait to see you too," she said rather sweetly. I was anticipating more of a disparaging response, so her tender answer made me smile. I hoped this was more how she truly felt, and her endless putdowns were just playing the game to make me happy in the twisted fashion I needed.

"Six o'clock," I said.

"Don't be late," she said.

"You're the one who's usually late," I pointed out, me always striving to be at least ten minutes early for any appointment.

"Yeah, yeah," she said. "I've got to go, Got to finish getting ready."

"Love you," I said, the words flowing off my tongue so smoothly.

"Love you too," she replied, and hung up.

It was crazy how we could segue from two completely opposite modes in a moment: from dominant Mistress vs. submissive sissy sub, to two lovers uttering sweet, tender, declarations of love to each other.

I pulled up my pants and sat down, my pussy so well trained by now it easily swallowed the egg whole, giving me no discomfort at all. And the padlock on the cage wasn't noticeable at all, my having rotated it beneath my scrotum so as not to give me a bigger looking package.

I finished work. Well, really I played five games of Clash Royale, before I left the office to head out for the night of my life.

But first I went home.

Changed clothes... well, not all my clothes, the lingerie remained, but I did at long last undo my stocking clasps, take my panties off (weird saying my panties), re-clasp the stockings, and put the panties back on where they should have been in the first place. There was a lot to learn about being a girl.

That felt way better.

I grabbed the bracelet.

I drove to the restaurant and arrived twenty minutes early.

Joan, as usual, arrived ten minutes late. I was already seated, and had wine poured for both of us.

I didn't see her arrive... I felt it.

Buzzing started in my pussy.

Intense buzzing, with wild sporadic patterns and vibrations! Whoo!

I had to grab the table to steady myself, as the toy stimulated my prostate perfectly, and my clitty also tingled with mind-numbing pleasure, while the vibrations also rattled my cage (and thus my clitty, and fortunately not very loudly).

A moment later Joan arrived where I could see and greet her, and like the gentleman I was, I stood up for her. She smiled and said, "You look handsome."

"You look amazing," I returned, admiring her red dress, black stockings (I assumed they were stockings on an occasion like this), and five-inch red heels.

"Don't I always?" She asked, as she leaned in and kissed me, her hand reaching around to my ass.

"Always," I agreed, as she squeezed my ass.

"You're literally vibrating with excitement," she playfully punned (which, to my surprise, is an actual word).

"I've been thinking about you all day," I said.

"I've been thinking about you all day too," she replied as she sat down... as did I. Although very cautiously, as the buzzing continued at an intensely pleasurable pace.

"Well, now we're here," I smiled.

"Yes, we are," she smiled, as she took a sip of her wine, and a moment later the vibrations shut off. She said, "I probably shouldn't have made my entrance so... shall I say, titillating. Because the rule tonight is no sex talk during dinner."

"Agreed," I smiled, as our waitress came by, and we ordered a couple of appetizers and our entrees.

I won't bore you with details of the next hour, but we chatted about where we should travel this summer (she wanted to go to Italy... it's her dream trip, although she wants to hit all of Europe whenever time and money will allow), we discussed why most of the best music was in the 1980s or earlier (including that back then everyone wrote their own music, and could actually play an instrument (auto tune should be illegal)), we agreed that the best movies were action movies with some humour, and we pondered when we should introduce each other to our families (concluding, albeit with a little trepidation, her parent's 40th wedding anniversary in three weeks would be the best time).

I thought this would be a good moment to pull out the jewelry box and place it on the table in front of her. "Just a little something for the woman I love."

"You shouldn't have," she said, taking the box.

"Yes, I should have."

"All right, yes, you should have," she laughed as she opened the box. "Oh, it's beautiful!"

"I hoped you'd like it," I said, having spent a long time looking through a variety of bracelets before choosing this one.

"I love it," she said, her smile and red cheeks confirming she really did. "It's so sweet."

"And I love you," I smiled, loving those three simple, yet all-empowering words.

"I love you too."

The waitress arrived, and we ordered a cheesecake to share.

"So, this play may be a little too much for you," she cautioned.

"How so?" I asked. I love musicals, which stereotypically may explain my sexuality crisis. Yet I wasn't gay. I loved Joan, and she turned me on both before and after she caught me in the act, per se. However, I was beginning to accept I may be bisexual. Or more of a natural cuckold, if that's a thing. Who knows? Labels are always annoying, as they try to pigeonhole everyone too restrictively.

"There are a lot of black men in this play," she smiled.

I laughed as I countered, "Then It could be too much for you, as well."

"Touché! So it should get us both all revved up."

"With someplace to go," I sang, playing on the Meatloaf song and our plans for after the musical.

"Indeed," she smiled, as the cheesecake arrived, and the buzzing in my clitty and pussy resumed, this time at a lower setting.

"Nice," I said, controlling a moan, as the waitress assumed I meant the cheesecake.

"Enjoy," the pretty girl said.

"Oh, he will," Joan spoke for me.

She walked away looking a little perplexed, just as a shoeless foot reached between my legs.

"Horny?" she asked, as I reached down to grasp the sheer, silky foot.

"Pretty much twenty-four seven," I replied.

"The cage is working, then," she deduced.

"It seems to be," I nodded. "It keeps me in an almost perpetual state of frustrated arousal, which I guess is the point."

"Hey, that was me when I was still single," she joked.

"And that's also every guy around," I replied, as she put pressure on my crotch. "Ever."

"Touché again," she smiled, as she reached out her fork for another bite of our cheesecake.

Thereafter we ate our dessert in silence... the only noise being a faint buzzing in my pussy... that even I could barely hear, and I wasn't sure if Joan could hear it at all.

We finished the cheesecake, I paid the bill, and we strolled out hand in hand... the buzzing suddenly stopping... which was both good and bad. I was really enjoying the teasing pleasure in my nether region, but I wasn't sure I wanted to walk through downtown in a state of frustrated horniness.

The theatre was two blocks away, so we walked. Just enjoying the evening air and each other's company.

We entered the theatre.

We stood in line together chatting away about whatever, to purchase glasses of wine.

We chatted.

The buzzing started up again.

She smiled, as she pulled out the remote, "I really like this thing. And especially the look on your face whenever I exert my power."

"I bet you do," I said.

She shut it off again. "Just a tease for later."

"I'm not sure I can take much more of that kind of teasing."

"Too bad, you'd better get used to it," she said, sipping on her wine.

Three hours later, we left the theatre following a wonderful show. Humming soul music, we went to Joan's car to fetch a travel bag she insisted was vital to the rest of the night, we summoned an Uber, both of us having had a couple more drinks than the law would allow before driving.

Joan, not too concerned about the driver, or perhaps deciding to give him a drive to remember, said, "God, I can't wait to get to your place and really fuck the shit out of you."

"Don't you know I'm more than just a piece of meat?" I joked, not any softer than she'd been.

"You are?" she asked as if this was news, as she gave me a surreptitious wink.

"Yes, I have feelings too," I pointed out.

"No worries, you'll be feeling me," she countered, her meaning lost to the Uber driver but not to me.

Deciding to enhance the driver's shock I said, "I can't wait for you to take my virginity, dear." He would likely think, Who is this thirty-something Asian virgin?

Although that wouldn't last long as Joan clarified, "You see, Howard," that was the driver's name, "I'm pegging him for the first time once we get back to his place."

"Oh," the driver said, clearly shocked and a little uncomfortable.

"God, I'd suck your tiny dick right now if it wasn't caged," she added.

"Up to you; you're the one with the key," I pointed out, the idea of her lips wrapped around my clitty making my cage rattle, a bit more figuratively this time.

"Oh shit," she said.

"What?" I said, her tone worrying me.

"I have no idea where I put it!"

"Really?" I asked, that scaring me a little. I liked the cage. I liked the discipline. I liked giving her all the power. But I couldn't fathom her never being able to take it off me even if she wanted to.

She didn't speak for a few seconds, long enough for my stress to grow alarmingly, before she laughed, "It's all right sweetie, I have the key."

"I hate you!"

"I thought you w-w-oved me," she whined, suddenly all baby talk.

"I can't stay mad at you," I said.

"Because you w-w-ove me?" she asked, pouting. God, she even pouted sexily.

"A little," I answered.

"Onwy a widdle?" she carried on with her spoiled little girl act. "Just wike your clitty is widdle?"

"Oh, that widdle thing? Yes, I love you much more than that," I reassured my widdle girl.

"Thank God," she said, before adding in a normal voice as Howard pulled up to my house, "In case you didn't catch our drift Howard, my boyfriend's dick is really small."

He stopped the car without comment, but I did think I saw an embarrassed cringe.

"Her strap-on is a lot bigger than my clitty," I added.

"And you're about to take it up your tight virgin cunt."

"And I can't wait. Thanks for the ride, Howard," I said.

"But now my boyfriend's about to really go for a ride," she added.

"Have a good night, you two," Howard said, clearly discomfited by the entire situation, and happy to see our backs.

We got out of the car, went directly up to my bedroom, and she pushed me onto the bed.

I complained playfully, "Hey, I think the man is supposed to do that."

She refuted, "No, the Mistress does everything, and the sissy gets things done to her. Until the Mistress changes her mind, of course."

"Yes, Mistress," I agreed, as she got onto the bed with me and began kissing me.

And right before the wildness that was about to occur... dominant sex... sodomy... my sissification getting enhanced... we shared some tender intimacy.

We kissed.

Nothing more, nothing less... for a good ten minutes.

No talking.

No groping.

Just our lips pressing together and our tongues dancing with each other. Oh yes, and sighs. There was lots of sighing.

She broke the kiss... I would have remained in this moment of sweet tenderness forever... although I was really dying to see what was under her dress and to cross my next frontier of sissihood (I know that's not a word; perhaps it should be).

She looked into my eyes... with love and caring. "Last chance to change your mind."

"Do you want to change your mind?" I asked, hoping her answer was no. I'd found my soulmate, and I hoped she still wanted to explore all the devious fucked up kink I'd only ever dreamed of doing.

"Not at all," she said. "But I want to make sure you're one hundred percent certain you want to do this. Once we go through with it, we won't be able to unsodomize you afterwards."

"But I have a pussy, you've said it yourself," I pointed out with a smile. "And you can't sodomize a pussy."

"Okay then," she smiled back. "But my point is the same, just in different words. You can only have your virginity taken once."

"Agreed. And since you ask, I'm one hundred percent certain I want to lose it to you," I said. Considering that this discussion was about a girl about to ass fuck a guy... not to mention about a woman transforming a man's masculinity into femininity, it was an incredibly romantic one, and I wanted to make that very clear. "Bottom line Mistress: I love you, and I want to do everything with you, and to do everything I can to please you, for the rest of our lives."

"Wow! I really felt that. You're the sweetest man I've ever met," she professed sincerely.

"And you're perfection," I replied.

She leaned in and kissed me again.

This time for just a few seconds before she broke the kiss again, got off the bed and said, "Then I guess it's clear that your commitment to this course of action is totally settled, and therefore so is mine. So going forward..." and she jumped back into a playful mode... "you want to see what I bought just for this special occasion?"

"Yes, I do," I said with bated breath.

"I'll be back in a minute," she said. "Why don't you get out of that misleading man costume? For the rest of the night you're to be who you really are... a sissy slut."

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, as she grabbed the travel bag we'd collected from her car and left the room.

I got undressed, as intense high-speed vibrations resumed in my cunt.

Not getting completely undressed, of course; I left on all my wedding night attire.

White lingerie.

With white stockings attached.

Looking into the mirror, I looked incredibly feminine.

I also looked incredibly sexy. (Which isn't as conceited as it might sound. I'd never seen myself looking anything like this before, and I was blown away!)

My overly feminine body, which had always been my second largest insecurity (after the size of my penis), had suddenly become an asset.

I admired myself in the mirror, wondered if perhaps I should begin painting my toenails, and then I began posing for myself. I was bending over to check out my ass, when Joan walked in.

She startled me by asking out of the blue, "Admiring your girlish beauty, my sissy slut?"

I turned around about to quip something, but instead I froze and gasped. I'd expected that she'd been wearing something sexy underneath her dress all evening, but nothing could have possibly prepared me for what I was suddenly staring at.

"Like?" she asked, as she posed for me in a black leather teddy (although that's a very inadequate descriptor for a dominatrix goddess outfit), which was attached to black stockings, and black five-inch-heeled boots that went up to her thighs. She undoubtably looked like a Mistress.

"You look unbelievable," I moaned, helpless from lust, unable to remove my stare from the entire package that was Joan. She looked radiant, and equally dominant. The strap-on cock pointing directly at me completed the ensemble, making her into dominance personified.

"I know I do," she said, as she turned around to show off the seams going down both legs. (If your Mistress has a seam down the back of her stocking, you know she means business.)

"Wow, just wow," I said, as my clitty desperately tried to break through the cage that was keeping her down.

"Like my new necklace?" she asked, turning back around to show it to me.

I looked at it and noticed that besides it being a very nice delicate gold chain... it also had a key suspended from it... assumedly my cage key.

I said, "Very nice."

"I thought this would be a convenient place to keep it, so I could lock or unlock your cage anytime and anyplace.'

"Good idea," I said, desperately hoping I'd be uncaged tonight.

"So since you're dying for me to unlock your cage," she said, reading my mind again but probably not needing much clairvoyance this time to do so, "you have a task to perform. This cock isn't going to suck itself," she hinted broadly.

I began to walk towards her, eager to take her cock in my mouth, but she stopped me in my tracks. "Nope! Crawl, sissy."

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, having read those exact words many times in a variety of domination stories by silkstockingslover. Usually the statement was made by a dominant woman addressing a submissive woman; and at this moment, I realized, the same was true here.

Joan was the dominant female.

I was the submissive female.

Joan was going to train me to be a submissive sissy slut.

I was going to obey without hesitation every order given me by my dominant Mistress.

I lowered myself to my knees and then, like a good pet, I crawled the few feet to my Goddess of a Mistress.

"You like being on all fours, Erica?" she asked as, with my hands still on the carpet, I sat on my haunches before her.

"I do indeed, Mistress," I replied, bending down and kissing her boot.

"Nicely done, except that I require balance at all times. Kiss the other one, too."

I did.

"Now turn around, I want to see that pussy," she ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, turning around and showcasing my arched back and feminine ass proudly, posed as if I were a top competitor in the annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show in New York City.

"Reach back and spread those cheeks nice and wide, so I can get a really good look at that pussy," she ordered.

I had to abandon my championship bitch pose and far less gracefully, I rested my head on the carpet so I could do as she instructed.

"Pull those ass cheeks apart wider," she ordered.

I pulled them as far apart as I could possibly go.

"Shit, I think we'll have to manicure those nails one day soon," she observed.

"I was already thinking of painting my toes," I admitted, keeping my ass cheeks wide.

"Oh, we'll be doing your fingernails too," she promised.

"Yes, Mistress," I said, a little self-conscious about having my fingers painted, and then going out in public.

"Now come and get this cock nice and ready for your virgin pussy," she ordered.

Part of me still couldn't believe this was happening... my greatest fantasies coming true like this... it still seemed unreal... like the best, and also longest, dream ever.

Yet my caged clitty, my all-white lingerie, plus my girlfriend's black dominant attire all made it pretty clear. This wasn't a dream.

I knelt before her and took the black (of course) cock in my hand. "What a great cock," I admired, even though it was quite small for a black one.

Six Inches.

And thin.

"It's just a beginner cock," she said. "Your pussy couldn't possibly take my two bigger black cocks," she said and paused for a moment, "yet."

As I stroked the cock I said, "I can't wait to be able to take every big black cock you can find into my needy cunt."

"All in good time," she said, as I licked the shaft up and down... something I liked having done to me.

I did this for a few seconds before she ordered, "Now suck it, slut."

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, getting a rush of adrenaline every time she gave me an order... my clitty continuing desperately to try and salute this beautiful goddess... pleasure denied for the past few days really driving my core existence crazy.

I opened my mouth and took the delicious cock in my mouth, as the vibrations again resumed inside me, this time more intensely than ever before. "Oh fuck," I moaned just before I wrapped my lips around Joan's cock.

I bobbed slowly on the cock, still getting used to the strange yet natural feeling of having a cock in my mouth... albeit only a plastic one.

God, I really wondered what a real cock would feel like between my lips... deep inside my mouth.

"A sissy slut bobs on a cock, she doesn't fucking make love to it," she scolded.

I followed her instructions as I began to bob on the cock, determined to take all six inches in my mouth. I wanted to be a great cock sucker, especially when the inevitable opportunity to suck Carter's big black cock, or any other big black cock, was offered to me.

"That's better," she encouraged, moaning softly.

Was she getting turned on from watching me suck her cock as much as I was stimulated from sucking it?

I had four inches going easily in and out of my mouth, and I tried taking a little bit more with each forward bob. I was determined, come hell or high water, to take the entire six inches into my mouth.

"That's it, keep taking more and more between those pretty cock-sucking lips," she encouraged, constantly reading my mind.

The strange compliments continued enhancing my inner pleasure and lust, even as my outer pleasure was still completely restrained by the cage.

A dozen bobs and I had five inches in my mouth... which gave me a rush of excitement as I got closer to deep throating all six inches.

"Getting closer, faggot," she said from above me, that term always seeming harsher than others.

I was a sissy... hard to argue, as I loved dressing up.

I was a cuckold... I definitely wanted to watch Joan getting fucked by BBC. I wanted her to have the massive orgasms from a real dick that I couldn't give her physically, but that I certainly could assist her in reaching with others.

I was a cock sucker... well, I wanted to be. I already had a plastic cock in my mouth in part to practice with, and I wanted nothing more than eventually to suck to completion a BBC.

I also wanted to taste a load of cum.

I wanted to take a facial.

I also was curious to get fucked... today by Joan's strap-on... another day by a BBC.

Yet, I wasn't sure I was a faggot. In fact, I probably wasn't one, since I got turned on by women. I didn't find men sexually attractive... just cock... and more accurately, just black cock.

I didn't want to kiss a man.

I didn't want to hold a man's hand.

I most certainly didn't want to date a man.

Could you imagine me flirting with Carter? I think not.

Could you imagine Carter flirting with me? That would be just plain wrong.

I just wanted to suck and get fucked by BBC.

As I pondered all this... which in essence was just semantics... just boxes... just labels that oversimplified who people were... And who was I? I was who I was today, while tomorrow I might be something a bit more or less... as simple as that.

I took the final inch of my practice cock in my mouth.

I felt like I had won the Stanley Cup.

"Good girl," Joan moaned, congratulating me on my first ever deep throat. Sure it was only six inches, but after taking all of it for the first few times, I could now take it easily, without gagging at all, which was thrilling! Hopefully I would soon have larger... and actual... cocks in my mouth and down my throat.

Joan pulled out and asked, "What do you want, Erica?"

"I want your cock, Mistress," I responded instantly... my mind now switched to sexual submission cruise control.

"Where?" she asked, tapping my lips with her cock.

"In my cock sucker mouth, or if you would be so kind... in my virgin ass," I replied forthrightly, dying to feel the pleasure and pain of anal sex... the constant buzzing having been driving me wild ever since Joan had left to get changed, and had then returned to play.

"In your what?" she interrogated, tracing my lips with her cock.

"Sorry, silly me," I apologized, having briefly forgotten my new gender. "In my pussy, my cunt; I desperately want to feel your black cock pounding my virgin pussy."

"Better," she approved, as she snapped her fingers and pointed to the bed.

I crawled, like an obedient puppy, on all fours to my bed.

She ordered, "Take off your panties."

"Yes, Mistress," I responded, starting to stand up.

"But do so while on all fours," she ordered.

"Of course, Mistress," I nodded, thinking this would be a lot more challenging. I moved my left hand to my panties and tugged them down, but after only an inch or so they were caught on the cage.

I did the same on the other side, more forward than to the right this time, and with three yanks, the panties had managed to get past the cage, although it hurt like hell while they did.

It then took me another thirty seconds to slowly pull the panties down side to side, bit by bit, to my knees.

I raised my right knee and pulled the panties over it.

I did the same thing with my left knee.

After that it was easy: I just used my right hand to sweep my panties down my calves, over my feet, and off.

It literally was a workout; I was sweating afterwards.

"Good girl," she chuckled, clearly amused by all my tussles.

"Thank you, Mistress," I said, realizing I was also slightly out of breath.

"Climb onto the bed and roll onto your back," she said. "I need to see your caged clitty."

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, crawling onto the bed and then onto my back, the vibrations in my pussy and clitty still continuing relentlessly, although now my cage was swinging around whenever I moved.

"How has wearing a cage been for you?" she asked, as she crawled between my legs.

"Intense," I answered, that one-word answer pretty much encapsulating every feeling that had come with wearing the restrictive device.

Intensely humiliating... as I allowed Joan to take control over my manhood.

Intensely frustrating... as my clitty was constantly stimulated, yet ignored.

Intensely stimulating... I'd been constantly horny and on edge.

Intensely consuming... the cage had taken complete control of my attention, making it very difficult to focus on anything else.

Intensely life-altering... in one wild week, everything had changed.

She smiled as she cupped my caged dick, "The dear thing really is small."

"I know," I said, her humiliating words enhancing the pleasure consuming me.

"I mean ridiculously small," she said, bending down to get an up close and personal look at my pathetic little caged clitty.

"I know," I whispered, my heart filling with shame.

"And yet so easily excitable," she said, as she massaged my clitty through the cage, and then moved her finger up to my lips.

I sucked a very small amount of pre-cum off her fingers. I wondered how much leakage I'd had today... the constant stimulation throughout the day as my clitty begged for the attention and release the cage refused to allow.

She moved her hand around, inspecting my clitty in the cage. "I don't think very many men could possibly fit their cocks into this tiny thing."

I replied, "Only tiny sissies like me." Although I had to assume that some men with bigger dicks, and perhaps even the odd one with a large cock, had fantasies of sissification, or at least of giving handing over control to a powerful woman.

"I would think so," she said. She cupped my balls and said, "On the other hand, it feels like there's a pretty big load in here."

"That load has been rising and falling for days, now," I said; it felt like an eternity since I'd last come.

"Your balls do look cute, all shaved like that," she said.

"Thanks, Mistress," I replied. I imagine very few men would appreciate being told they had cute balls. Telling a guy he really had balls would be a nice compliment. Adding the word 'cute' would completely reverse the sentiment.

"Let's get you back on all fours," she ordered, slapping my caged cock.

I grunted, "Oooooh," as I obeyed her command... thinking I was finally about to take a cock up my ass... sorry, my pussy.

"God, you almost have a hotter ass than I do," she said, as she slapped it playfully.

"No one is hotter than you," I said loyally, as she pulled the egg, still vibrating, out of my desperate pussy.

"That's true," she agreed, as she shut it off and tossed it onto the bedside table.

"So," she said, my body trembling as she moved behind me, somehow already having lube with her. "What should we do next?"

"Probably be best just to slam that black dick in your sissy slut's cunt," I answered, feeling a rush go through me at saying such sick and twisted words.

"I don't know," she said, as she lubed her dick generously. "I'm not sure you really want to be fucked, and forever become a two-hole bimbo for dick."

Fuck, she had a nasty tongue.

More wicked than any porn star's.

This being a live scene way hotter than any scripted film.

The truth was that real life was always more fascinating than fiction.

I responded, almost pleading, no, strike the almost, "Please, Mistress, I really, really DO want you to be the first to take my virginity and make me your bimbo fuck slut. PLEASE train my pussy so I can take big black cocks and become the two-hole fuck box I was born to be."

"Mmmmmmm," she purred, as she moved right behind me and I felt her cock move between my ass cheeks.

"Just slam that big dick inside me," I moaned, preparing myself to feel a dick in my ass... my pussy. I knew there would be some pain, some discomfort... but all I cared about right now was becoming Joan's sissy slut... taking a cock in my virgin pussy... being sodomized... a word I found so hot.

"God, you're such a slut," she purred approvingly as she grasped my hips and slowly penetrated me.

"Oooooooh," I moaned in a very feminine tone as I felt her dick slide inside me. Maybe it was the butt plug training, maybe it was the lengthy buzzing from the egg, or maybe it was the complete sexual rush of submission... but I didn't really feel any pain... just an intense sensation as my clitty tried to harden.

"Your cunt is swallowing my dick," Joan said, as the cock kept going deeper and deeper into my no-longer-virgin pussy.

"Oh yes, it feels so good," I moaned, wondering how many inches my pussy could take. I learned a moment later it was at least six... as Joan's body was resting against mine... her cock completely inside me.

The moment was transcendental.

After years of being the one penetrating another (when I got lucky) ... being on the other end was surreal. Being the fuckee instead of the fucker was a completely different experience.

"Your cunt took it all, my sissy slut," she said, her hands remaining on my hips.

"Feels so good," I groaned, this experience continuing to be completely cathartic... years of fantasy, years of wondering, suddenly coming to fruition in one perfect moment of time.

She bucked her hips, making her cock somehow reach deeper than I'd thought possible, since she'd already been all the way inside me.

"Ooooooh," I whimpered, a sudden pain hitting me.

"Oh yeah, take it bitch," she said, giving me five quick, rough, deep thrusts.

"Ooooooooooh, aaaaaaaah," escaped my lips, although it didn't sound at all like me. No, it sounded more like a high-pitched scream from a teenage girl.

"Yeah, you love my dick, don't you?" she growled, seeming to really enjoy this other kind of power she had over me.

"I fucking love it," I moaned, sounding like the slut I was becoming.

"I'm going to fuck you good and hard," she said, as she began pumping her cock in and out of me.

The sensation when I was fucking someone was constant stimulation to my penis, as the pleasure grew and grew until I erupted.

This was different.

Strange would be the best descriptor.

Strange in the fact that the entire exchange felt wrong... as if we were shattering the previously unshakable hierarchy not only of society, but of evolution itself.

But I don't mean wrong in a bad sense.

Just that it was completely strange, and unorthodox, and even unnatural to be using an inevitable 'exit only' hole as an entrance.

This too was impossible to explain, as the unnatural feeling was actually an added turn-on. I was breaking the norms, flipping them 180 degrees per se, and I was deriving intense pleasure from that realization.

It was humiliating... which was something a man was never supposed to allow.

It brought me humility... as this role reversal allowed me to view sex in an entirely different light.

It also brought me the most amazing sexual rush of my life, although that was limited by the cage preventing my tiny clitty from swaying around or getting at all hard.

Nevertheless, As Joan started fucking me in earnest, I let go completely. When I was the one fucking her I tended to be quiet, physically energetic of course, but audibly just enjoying myself by listening to her moans. I didn't let out many sounds when Joan was giving me head.

Yet tonight as she penetrated me, I lost control, or maybe gave it over. My moans were loud! Lustful! Desperate! The cage likely enhanced the desperation, since for the first time ever, my clitty was completely removed from the action. I couldn't even rub it against the bed. And again, the noises escaping my lips weren't masculine at all.

This fulfilling desperation (yeah, sounds nuts, doesn't it?) only increased as she began fucking me even faster.

"Oh yeah, you love this cock in your cunt, don't you?" Joan moaned, seemingly also turned on by this hot role reversal.

The sounds escaping my lips that I didn't even know I could make, revealed that I too was in a new world of euphoria as I replied, "Oh yes, I love your cock pounding my cunt!"

The feeling was overwhelming.

The pleasure was unlike any I'd ever experienced, as my prostate was pleasured, and I discovered my male g-spot.

Similar I suppose to shutting your eyes during sex intensifying your other senses, my pleasure seemed to be even more intense, since the cage was keeping my clitty from hardening, even as it desperately attempted to become the Hulk and break free of its shackles.

I also felt completely vulnerable, as I was giving myself up, along with any shred of my remaining masculinity, to this amazing woman.

She stopped, deep inside me, and ordered, "How badly do you want my dick?"

"So badly," I moaned, desperate for her to resume fucking me.

"Show me," she ordered. "Fuck yourself on my cock."

I didn't even hesitate, and began to bounce back on the cock... riding it like a horny desperate slut.

"That's it," she encouraged. "Ride my cock."

"Oh yes, I love your cock," I moaned, getting a new rush from being the one fucking myself.

"What are you?" she queried after a couple minutes of my riding her cock like a porn star.

"I'm a slutty sissy," I moaned.

"What else?" she asked, as she slapped my ass. Crack!

"A bimbo for cock," I added, as my ass burned from the unexpected slap.

"And?"

"Your submissive fuck toy," I declared, these self-declarations adding to my humiliation and excitement, bouncing up on the cock, and feeling my cock within its cage bouncing all over the place.

Another slap. Smack!

"God, you really are one eager bimbo slut," she mused, as I moaned from her cock, and from the slaps on my ass.

"Yes, your bimbo slut," I moaned, as I received a third slap, even as I bounced back onto her cock. Whack!

Suddenly she pulled out and ordered, "Flip onto your back."

I did, suddenly feeling so empty and wanting that dick back inside me, desperate to feel so completely full again.

She hopped to the floor, then grabbed my ankles and roughly pulled me to the end of the bed.

I felt so helpless, which I cherished.

"Lift those legs up," she ordered.

I did, as I grabbed the backs of my knees and looked up at her with lustful desperation. She looked down at me with dominant aggression.

She cupped my caged clitty and balls and said, "This poor little thing looks so pathetic and desperate."

"It's never been so numb before," I replied, although a pleasurable ache was consuming the rest of me.

Joan kissed the hairless region around my caged clitty... which made it flinch. She gave me a splattering of kisses as I watched, wishing the cage wasn't there, so she could suck it if she wished.

I noticed she'd left little lipstick marks all around the area.

Her upper arms rested against my hands behind my knees as she slid her cock back into my gaping hole. I moaned as exhilaration coursed through my body, this position making me feel even more vulnerable than before, since I was far more open to her.

Legs up.

Spread.

Joan able to see my caged clitty.

Joan able to see the ever-changing expressions on my face.

As she resumed fucking me, I got what could only be described as a case of the warm fuzzies. As raw and carnal as this was, this new position was shockingly intimate.

"Oh yes," I moaned, as I was able to watch her fuck me.

To watch her body.

To watch her expressions.

To watch her cock going in and out of me.

It was so fucking intimate... and hot... and primal... and so fucking wrong, which made it feel so fucking right.

Thank God I was caged, or I would have come in seconds. "Oh yes!" I cried out.

"Oh yes, what?" she asked as she held my legs open.

"Oh yes, keep fucking me," I moaned as my clitty begged for release, and the only things in the entire universe I could possibly want right now was her cock inside me... to be her sissy slut... and to keep being fucked.

"God, you look so hot with my dick in your pussy and wearing your sexy lingerie," she said, admiring me the same way I was admiring her.

"You look so hot too... fucking your sissy slut in your dominant Mistress outfit," I reciprocated, feeling so dirty, so kinky, so fucking slutty... the ultimate euphoria.

"I love pounding this tight fucking pussy," she added as she began thrusting hard and deep into me.

"Oh yes, fuck me," I whispered, as my body was writhing in lust as the pleasure consumed me... nothing coming close to this excess of pleasure in my entire life... coursing through my entire body, even as my clitty, helplessly walled away from the action, nevertheless continually tried to break free from its metal cage.

"God, you're such a natural sissy slut," she said, slamming into me.

I couldn't explain it, but it felt like this was what my body was built to do. To get fucked! Hard! Rough! Deep!

Nothing had ever felt so right in my whole life.

Nothing in my life had ever been more simplistic... there were no complexities... just an understanding between Joan and me that she wanted to fuck me, and I needed to be fucked.

We were raw animals, both fulfilling our primal needs.

"Does your clitty need to come out and play?" she asked, as she moved a hand to my caged clitty.

"Oh God, yes," I writhed, as I so desperately needed to come... like never before.

"You're leaking rather profusely," she observed.

I couldn't feel anything leaking out of me, just a constant state of hovering at the ultimate peak of arousal with nowhere else to go.

"Oh please, don't stop," I moaned, as she pounded me hard.

She pulled out and said, "Don't move; like it or not in the short term, you need a pit stop."

"Please hurry, I need your cock back in my cunt so bad," I pleaded like the pathetic slut I had become. All I wanted was cock. Her cock! All I wanted was to be fucked. By her!

As I continued holding my legs up, I wondered how pathetic I must look.

She removed her necklace.

Anticipation coursed through me.

She slid her cock back into me, lodging all of it in me, and remained in place while she unlocked the cage.

I trembled uncontrollably.

She removed the cage, set it aside, and resumed fucking me. "Such a cute clitty," she mused as it instantly sprang forth... to its full four and a half inches.

"Ooooh fuck," I trembled uncontrollably, as in fifteen seconds, maybe less, following only a few deep hard strokes from Joan, I shot my load up in the air like a one-gun salute delivered by my tiny cannon! Or maybe by a water cannon!

"You pathetic little slut, couldn't you hold it?" she laughed, I'm sure knowing full well there was no way I could have possibly held back, given the extremity she'd driven me to. She continued fucking me as my enormous load that had been building up for days, splattered her all-black attire, and also as my clitty flailed around every which way, still shooting, some landing on my bed, some on my chest, and even more of it who knows where.

"Oh, God," I moaned weakly, as the most intense orgasm of my life ricocheted through me like a pinball of pleasure.

"You came without your clitty even being touched," she said, as she didn't slow down her deep thrusts.

"And that's never ever happened before! I'm such a sissy slut," I declared, as the orgasm still continued... unlike the three to five seconds of pleasure my orgasms usually lasted.

"You're my sissy slut," she added as she pulled out, rolled me onto my side, got behind me and slammed back into me.

"Oh yes, I'm your sissy slut," I agreed, as my clitty remained rock hard as she fucked me and continued pleasuring my prostate, which I was learning, allowed the orgasm to linger long after its initial eruption, and totally unlike most male experiences, seemed to be allowing a second orgasm to build upon the first one.

This position was different, as the angle was different, which led to a different pleasing of the prostate.

I was completely at the mercy of pleasure.

Of cock.

I begged, the sensation continuing to go directly to my clitty, which was throbbing completely, "Yes, please keep fucking my cunt."

"Such a tight pussy you have," she purred, as she reamed me from behind and caressed one of my nylon-clad legs.

"I love your cock so much," I declared, unable to control my emotions at all.

"I love fucking you so much," she replied.

For a couple more minutes she fucked me roughly, my clitty constantly throbbing, my body on fire.

She pulled out, pushed me onto my back, and she quickly got out of her strap-on harness. "God, that was so fucking fun."

"So fucking fun," I parroted in agreement, smiling at her use of the word 'fucking'.

"It got me so fucking hot and bothered," she said, as she tossed the harness off the bed.

"You got wet from fucking me?" I asked.

She straddled me and dropped on my clitty as she said, "So fucking wet."

She began riding me, and although it had been less than ten minutes since I'd been uncaged before almost immediately unloading a massive eruption, I was about to burst again!

I warned, after being inside her wetness for maybe thirty seconds, "I'm going to come again."

"Come deep inside me," she moaned, "or as deep as my sweet little sissy can," as she stabilised herself with both hands on my chest, and really rode me.

"Oh fuck, yes," I grunted, as I spewed my second load in ten minutes, this time inside my beautiful girlfriend's pussy.

"That was quick," she said, as I filled her.

"Sorry," I moaned, embarrassed at my inability to please her sexually, or even to last long enough to get her off.

"Not to worry; I know how exciting all this has been for you, Erica. Besides, you can finish me off the way you're best at," she said, getting off my clitty and straddling my face, and offering me an added attraction as my cum leaked out of her pussy, plopping right on my face.

Hungry to taste her, to eat my cum, and to get her off, I leaned up and buried my face in her cream pie.

I hungrily lapped up my cum.

"That's it, eat your cum, you dirty cum slut," she moaned, clearly turned on.

"I love cum," I declared bimbo-like, as I eagerly lapped her pussy.

"Cum... yours or someone else's... will be part of your new diet," she decreed, as she began grinding on my face.

I kept my tongue extended as I received a face wash from a blend of my own cum and her wetness.

"Oh fuck," she moaned, as she aggressively ground on my face for her pleasure.

I licked the best I could for a couple minutes, until she grabbed the back of my head and came all over my face... a massive gush splattering me.

I lapped up as much of it as I could, almost suffocated by her pussy.

A moment later, she let go of my head and collapsed beside me.

I rolled onto my side and said playfully, "That torrent almost drowned me, so you must have come."

"So good," she moaned, trembling slightly.

"I love you," I said, admiring her beauty as she enjoyed the afterglow of orgasm.

"I love you too," she said, as she also rolled to her side, bringing us face to face.

"That was wild," I said.

"It was a wild rush," she added.

"Yeah, it was way more intense than I'd even imagined," I admitted. "And I've been doing lots of imagining in the last few days."

"No regrets?"

"None."

"Me neither," she said, leaning in and kissing me.

It was a tender kiss for a minute or two, before she sat up and said, "You should go pee if you want, before I put the cage back on you."

"Ohhhh, a cage-free pee treat," I said, that actually exciting me.

I went pee... standing up.

In a cohesive stream, instead of droplets flying everywhere.

It was liberating.

I returned to the bedroom (after washing my hands, of course) and she was out of the boots but still in the lingerie, as she sat on the edge of the bed.... cage in hand.

I walked over and watched her lock my clitty back in the cage.

She then got into bed and said, "Get in here."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, climbing under the sheets.

"Honey, when the sex is done, I'm your girlfriend, your lover," she said. "And although I think it makes sense for me still to be the one to decide when your clitty should and shouldn't be caged... I think you're happier that way... any other decisions we can make together, as equals."

"God, I love you," I said, kissing her.

"And wait until you see what I have in store for you tomorrow!" she said, when she broke the kiss.

"What?" I asked, instantly curious. "What do you have in store for me?"

"That's for me to know and you to find out at the right time," she said, kissing me once more, and then cuddling into me.

God, I was the luckiest man... sissy... guy... girl... whatsit... in the world.

The end... for now.

Coming next: Eric(a) and Joan both get their BBC they have been craving.


Sissification 101 Ch 04

Summary: Eric sucks his first BBC in a threesome with Joan.

Thanks to Eric who requested and helped plot this lengthy story.

Recap so far:

Sissification 101 tells the story of Eric, a mid-30s Asian, who has been hiding his sissy side curiosity for years until he is caught in pantyhose watching hypno-sissy porn by his very supportive girlfriend.

Sissification 101 Ch 02 as Eric begins his sissy training by getting his ass trained for cock, and his tiny clitty caged by his girlfriend as their hierarchy is established with Joan in control.

Sissification 101 Ch 03 as Eric is pegged for the first time by his girlfriend.

Thanks to Tex Beethoven and Robert for editing this series.

7. THEIR FIRST BBC

Saturday

Following our momentous and ground-breaking Friday evening, I woke up, and Joan was lying beside me.

God, she was beautiful.

Radiant.

It was still a little hard to believe she'd not only supported me in my very offbeat sexual exploration from almost the very moment she'd learned about it, but was also playing such a pivotal role.

I went downstairs, made her some breakfast, and brought it up to her.

She was just waking up when I entered the bedroom. I smiled and said, "You slept in. All that fucking must have worn you out."

She smiled, as I walked to the bed with the tray, "Yes, it did; but I also learned something last night."

"That your boyfriend is a sissy slut?" I asked.

"l already knew that, silly," she said, as she took the tray. "No, I didn't realize how much work doing the fucking is. I burnt a ton of calories, and actually broke quite the sweat."

"Well, anytime you want to use my cunt for your cardio workout, just let me know," I smiled, although meaning every word.

The first time you get a blow job, all you want is more blow jobs.

The first time you get laid, all you want is to get laid some more.

So not surprisingly, after the first time you've gotten ass fucked and discover the unbelievable feeling of having a cock buried deep in your back door, all you want is more dick back in your ass... or in my particular kink... in my cunt.

"I may be taking you up on that offer regularly," she smiled, before adding, "but for now, I'm going to enjoy this thoughtful breakfast you made me, while you enjoy the breakfast I've been keeping warm for you all night."

"Mmmmmmm, my favourite meal," I said, wondering if cock cum would one day replace her cream as my favourite snack. But then I realised that cock cum already creampied into my girlfriend's cunt would be the pinnacle of both culinary options.

As I crawled under the sheets and between her (still in black stockings), legs, which I'd barely had time to enjoy in last night's wild escapades, she added, again somehow able to read my mind, "Pretty soon you'll be a cum connoisseur; a sommelier of the sweet homemade gift from both genders."

"I can't wait," I said sincerely, as I moved my hands up both her nylon-clad legs, wondering if that was what today's surprise was to be.

"Now take your time down there," she ordered. "I want to enjoy my meal."

"Yes, Mistress, I want to enjoy my meal too," I replied, as I extended my tongue and leisurely grazed on her sweet pussy.

For twenty minutes, my neck actually getting a little sore, I slowly licked her, exploring every inch of her pussy over and over again, until she grabbed my head and shoved it roughly into her pussy. I took the wordless cue, and attacked her clit with reckless hunger.

A couple minutes later, she came on my face.

She let go of me, I lapped up the rest of her juices, and crawled back out from under the covers.

She asked, "Ready to continue your training today?"

"Yes," I nodded.

"Good; I have something fun planned for tonight."

"What is it?"

"You keep asking questions I have no intention of answering."

"You can't blame me for trying," I smiled.

"I most certainly can; what is it about enjoying delightful surprises you don't get?" she sighed, stretching, "God, I'm a little sore from last night's workout."

"Are you in the mood for some morning cardio?" I asked, hoping for another back end pounding.

"I'd love to," she said as she glanced at the clock, "but I'm meeting my sisters for lunch."

"Lunch?" I asked, trying to sound flirtatious, recalling her fantasy of having an incestuous lesbian threesome with her two sisters, "lunch, lunch, box lunch!"

"That's right. If the opportunity presents itself, I'll eat both my sisters' cunts right under the table," she said wickedly.

"Oh, God," I groaned, the image of my hot girlfriend kneeling under a table licking her sisters' pussies was one of the most amazing, clitty tingling images ever.

"Yeah, I bet they both have tasty twats," she continued.

"I can imagine," I said, imagining just that.

"Don't you dare imagine my sisters' cunts," she scolded playfully as she got out of bed. "Your tongue is mine!"

"I was just imagining you on your knees between their legs," I defended.

"So was I," she winked, giving me a peck and heading to the shower.

"Fuck, my poor clitty," I said as she left me alone.

She returned a minute later and said, "I have an idea for tonight's rendezvous."

"What?"

"Let's do your nails."

"Really?" I asked, even though I liked the idea. I'd considered doing my toenails more than once, but never had.

"Yes, and I even got you a special colour to go with your outfit," she said.

"Ruby red?" I asked.

"Close," she said, tossing me the bottle.

"White?" I asked, this colour seeming so wrong against my brownish Asian skin.

"Yep," she said, "you still have a lot of virginities to be taken."

"That's the weirdest sentence ever," I joked.

She shrugged as she unclamped my white stockings, "You deny having virginities? There are cock sucking, spit-roasting, a real BBC in your pussy, being cuckolded, a BBC bukkake (which I might join you for), just to name a few."

"Oh, God," I groaned, her nasty list making my caged clitty ache.

"It's the truth," she said.

I got out of my stockings and watched in awe as she painted my toenails white. She then said, as she moved to my fingers, "These you can remove before work on Monday, but the toes remain painted."

"Yes, Mistress," I agreed, knowing I would always obey her, and happy she understood that work was work, and play was play.

"So cute," she said, once she was done.

"I never thought cute would be used as an adjective to describe me," I said, even though I was flattered by the compliment.

"And yet you're completely cute," she said, kissing me and then adding, "the cutest cutie cunt licking, cock taking, cute little sissy ever."

"You just always know the right words to say," I smiled, as she cupped my caged clitty.

She knelt down and talked to it. "And you, my sweet little clitty, are the cutest caged clitty in the world."

"Such poetic alliteration," I smiled, as she blew hot breath on my clitty, making my entire body shiver.

She stood back up, shrugged, and quoted, "I'm a poet and I didn't even know it."

"Stick to your day job," I joked.

"What about my night job?" She asked.

"Night job?"

"Mistress," she said.

"Yes, you should definitely keep that job, too," I said as she kissed me again and went to the bathroom.

She showered... called an uber... and left... saying she'd go home to change and fetch her car, and would be picking me up at 6... but she wouldn't tell me where we were going.

I showered... read the newspaper... did some online work... just trying to get through the day. The trivial aspects of day-to-day life now seemed completely irrelevant and mundane since being caught in the act.

I made supper.

I texted Joan: What should I wear tonight?

She texted back: The same white lingerie as yesterday. We have another christening of sorts... more of a baptism.

I texted back: That sounds cryptically hot.

She responded: Oh, it will be. See you soon.

I texted back: I can't wait.

I got back into yesterday's lingerie... and realized I still had no idea where we were going.

I texted: What is the dress code for tonight's date? I mean on the outside.

She responded a minute later: Casual.

I grabbed a pair of jeans and wore a new bamboo baby blue t-shirt I'd picked up recently. Joan, much to my shock, arrived five minutes early... which may have been a first ever.

Joan, being the man in our relationship, just honked and didn't even get out of her car. I submissively went outside and got in the car.

She was in a cute dress that had almost the same coloured baby blue top. "We match."

"Great minds think alike," I laughed. "Although I feel a little underdressed compared to your outfit. Where are we going?"

"Someplace special," she answered. Then after a pause, "For dessert."

"Chocolate?"

"I believe chocolate is de rigueur for us these days," she smiled as she kept driving.

"Yummy," I said, my tiny clitty tingling with anticipation from her vague answers. I mean if we were going out for something as everyday as pizza, she'd tell me. And I probably wouldn't be wearing a white negligee with my nails polished.

"Yummy, indeed," she smiled.

We pulled into a hotel parking lot. This was her surprise? How sweet. Would Carter be here too? Or was this a romantic, although likely kinky, rendezvous?

"This is the surprise?"

"It is," she nodded. "Just an intimate night... in the honeymoon suite."

"Oh, nice," I said, thinking this was incredibly sweet, and yet feeling a little twinge of disappointment I wouldn't be sucking Carter... something I'd had a hunch was in the cards for tonight.

"Yeah, a night of romantic decadence," she smiled as she parked.

We strolled inside hand in hand, and she surprised me by going into the lounge instead of to the front desk or elevators. "I promised you chocolate."

"Yes, you did," I said as we sat down at a table...it being quite a disappointment it was going to be actual chocolate.

We ordered a bottle of wine and a chocolate dessert; I had read this evening incredibly wrong.

We were into our second glass of wine each, the dessert done... it was tasty enough, but it was only food... when she said, "So, I chatted with Carter today."

"Oh?" I asked, perking up.

"Yes, and he's willing to do a threesome with us sometime down the road, if you wish."

"I see," I said, having assumed that was what tonight was about.

She clarified, "To be clear, Carter is going to want you to suck his dick."

"I know," I said, my mouth watering at the possibility of making another fantasy come true.

"He also expects to fuck me."

"I know," I repeated, that idea equally as exciting as my sucking BBC. The idea of her getting the amazing fuck I couldn't give her, really turned me on.

"And you're still okay with all that?"

"As long as we're doing it together, and it's what you want, I'm okay with anything... the kinkier the better," I said as I felt her foot move to my crotch, and I therefore moved my hand to her nylon-clad foot.

"I'll only fuck young black men with big black cocks when you're there," she promised wickedly... even though it felt oddly romantic... as she slowly rubbed my caged clitty.

"And I'll only suck big black cock when you're there," I reciprocated.

"And eventually take it in that pussy of yours," she added.

"Well, that goes without saying," I said. "It comes under the banner of my doing anything that turns you on, because then it's guaranteed to turn me on, too."

"We can both explore some of our deepest, darkest fantasies."

"Nice pun," I laughed.

"I didn't even realize I was making one," she laughed, as she downed her second glass of wine. "Finish up. I have a pussy that needs fucking."

I wasn't sure if she meant hers or mine, as I downed my glass.

Joan poured, and then tossed down the remainder of the bottle, and we headed to the elevator. "I already checked us in."

"Cool," I said, as we held hands.

In the elevator, she pushed me against the wall and kissed me hard. The kiss was aggressive and passionate and urgent.

And long. It lasted until the elevator slowed down almost to a stop.

"Ready to get fucked?" she asked.

"Twenty-four-seven," I agreed, as the elevator door opened.

She led me to the room.

We walked in and I said, "Wow."

"I know," she said, and added, "Only forty bucks more."

"The bed is larger than a king?"

"Yeah," she nodded.

"A hot tub, too," I said, in awe of the room.

"And more wine," she said.

"Are you trying to get me drunk to take advantage of me?" I quipped.

"Maybe," she said with a smile, as she poured two glasses of wine.

"Well, play your cards right you masterful woman, and I just may let you fuck me," I replied playfully, as she handed me a glass of wine.

"Now get undressed, slut," she ordered.

"No foreplay?" I pouted.

"Oh, you want me to get undressed first?" she offered playfully.

"Yes please, and slowly," I suggested, sipping on my wine and getting a buzz.

She pushed me onto the bed, making me spill a bit of wine on myself, as she placed her foot on my leg. "Unbuckle me."

"Mmmmmm," I said, beginning high and stroking my hand down her silken calf.

I unbuckled the shoe, with a bit of work, and she ordered, "Take it off."

I did.

She switched feet, and I removed the other heel.

She moved away and slowly slid her dress down her perfect body. This time she was in a red lace bra with a matching garter holding up her mocha-coloured stockings. Her shaved pussy was on full display, as she wasn't wearing any panties.

"I think for now, the rest of this outfit stays on," she smiled.

"I definitely concur a million times over," I overstated my case, admiring her amazing body, the red lingerie really hot, wondering if red stockings would have been even hotter.

"Now get undressed," she ordered. "I have a dick that needs sucking."

"God, you always know just the right words to say," I said, as I quickly got out of my clothes, except for the all-white lingerie again... and of course, the cage I had absolutely no control over, yea or nay.

As I was getting undressed, she was getting her strap-on strapped on... this one bigger than yesterday's.

"Oh my," I said.

"We've got to keep working on stretching you out, so you can eventually take great big dicks in both of your holes, baby," she said, before adding, "and we have a way to go; most black cocks are bigger than this one."

"Makes sense," I nodded, as she walked over to the bed.

"Lay on your stomach and put a pillow under your caged clitty," she ordered, as she also pulled out an additional black dildo, also slightly larger than the previous ones.

"Yes, Mistress," I said, grabbing a pillow and getting into the position she ordered. In essence, my back arched and my ass up.... so my cunt was open for business.

"God, your girlish figure is just so fuckable," she said, as she moved onto the bed with lube and the dildo.

"Thank God you get to fuck it then," I said, "for both our sakes," loving her admiration of my body. What had always made me self-conscious before, now that I was in a sissy relationship, was an asset.

"Indeed," she said, as instead of feeling lube pouring down my ass cheeks, I felt her palms spreading my ass cheeks, and then felt her tongue on my pussy.

"Oh yes, eat my pussy," I said, loving the feeling of her wet tongue and hot breath on my backdoor entrance.

"Such a delicious pussy," she purred, as she really tongued my hole.

"Not as tasty as yours," I moaned, her tongue working its magic on my entire body, including my confined clitty.

"Well, that goes without saying," she said as she kept bathing my pussy with warm wetness.

"God, that feels good," I moaned.

"Need to get it nice and ready for this big black vibrating plug," she said, as a finger rather easily slid inside my pussy... no resistance at all, unlike her previous fingerings. "Your pussy seems pretty hungry."

"It's always hungry," I admitted, as she wiggled her fingers around, just grazing my prostate.

"God, you're a bigger slut than any girl I know," she said, which should have been an insult, but instead I took as a compliment.

"I want to be the biggest, sexiest, sissy slut I can be," I said, my declaration so pathetic, and yet so earnest.

"Mmmmmmm," she purred, as she kept fingering me as she poured lube down my crack. A moment later, she pulled her finger out and warned, "This may spread those pussy lips quite wide."

"Okay," I said, ready for the pleasure and pain principal to begin its work inside me.

I felt the toy at my entrance, and then I felt it slowly slide inside me. "Ooooooooh," was the sound escaping my mouth, although I wouldn't call it specifically a scream of pain or a moan of pleasure, but somewhere in between.

"God, your pussy loves dick," Joan said, as she seemed to be watching with pleasure as the black snake slithered inside me.

"I love it so much," I admitted, and even added, "I can't wait to feel a real black cock filling my cunt."

"All in good time," she said, "all in good time. That's what everything we're doing right now is preparing you for." Then she slapped my ass. Just once, but unexpectedly and hard.

"Yes, Mistress," I yelped, the slap harder than any of her previous ones. I apologized in case I'd offended her, "But both my holes are owned by you first."

"Don't forget that," she said, as she began slowly to pump the dildo in and out of my pussy.

"And my clitty too," I added, as my pussy got fucked again, making my clitty once again desperate to salute my beautiful, dominant, Mistress.

She pushed the dildo deep inside me and said, "All right, now let's practice your dick sucking."

"Okay," I said grimacing in sudden pain, as the dildo went deeper than any other cock inside my pussy.

"Now to make this even more fun," she said, as she went to her duffel bag of sexual surprises.

"You have me curious," I said, as I saw a remote control in her hand.

"Let's start this on low," she said, "we don't want your tiny clitty making a big mess quite yet."

"Not in this cage it won't," I said, trying to hint she could take it off me, although the hint went unacknowledged, as I felt soft trembling inside my pussy.

"And now let's really have some fun," she said, approaching me with a blindfold.

"Why a blindfold?"

"Why not?" she said. "Plus, when one sense is blocked, it enhances your other ones."

"Okay," I agreed, not that I really had any choice in the matter.

She put the blindfold on me and said, "Now just do what comes natural."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, finding the blindfold a little unnecessary, and yet somehow a little stimulating too... I felt even more helpless than before, which was a surreal turn-on.

A moment later, I felt her plastic cock touching my lips.

I opened them automatically, and took the head of her cock in my mouth.

"Mmmmmm, you love having something in your mouth, don't you?"

I replied, as I swirled my tongue around the cock head, "I love having a cock in my mouth."

"You look so pretty like this," she said. "Ass up, nails painted, in virginal lingerie, something in your cunt and something in your mouth."

"Maybe I also need lipstick and a wig," I mindlessly suggested, not even realizing I was requesting a more extreme version of femininity.

"What a good idea! Both of those can be arranged," she approved, as she began slowly fucking my mouth. This cock was thicker than the others, and stretched my mouth a little more. But, like the cock sucker I was becoming, I was up for the challenge (although my clitty was still frustratedly flaccid inside its prison).

I focused on breathing through my nose, and just surrendering my face to be fucked, as Joan took charge.

After a couple minutes while she never roughly face fucked me, she pulled out and said, "Actually, I want you on your knees on the floor."

"The go to position for any sissy cock sucker," I said, almost every sissy video including dozens of clips of this submissive position.

"Exactly," she said, as she took my hand and guided me off the bed.

The dildo slipped partly out, but once I was on my knees, she shoved it all the way back in and at a slightly different angle, so it really teased my prostate.

"What in the world shall you do?" I joked, now on my knees, with a big dildo vibrating softly in my pussy.

I felt her cock touching my lips again, so I took it back into my mouth and began bobbing. I wanted to impress her. I wanted to look like such a sexy cock sucking slut.

"Oh yeah, you're a natural cock sucking slut," she moaned.

I moaned in response.

She pulled out and asked, "How badly do you want my cock?"

"I need it in my mouth so bad," I said, as she tapped my nose with it.

"What if Carter was here right now?" she asked.

"If you gave me permission, I'd suck his big black cock until he came down my throat, or all over my sissy face," I said, the declaration of a fantasy being realised someday making my caged clitty numb with desperation.

"And what if he wanted to fuck my cunt with his big black hammer?" Joan asked, as she slid the cock back in my mouth.

I bobbed for a few seconds, the idea so fucking hot, that when she pulled back out I blurted, "I'd watch you like the pathetic sissy cuckold I was born to be, and watch a real man satisfy my woman in ways I'll never be able to."

"And what if he comes in me?"

"Then I'd gobble down that cream pie as fast as I could," I answered, the idea of eating a mixture of her and his cum another hot twisted fantasy that drove me crazy.

"I see," she said, seeming a little further away.

Yet I felt her cock tap my lips.

I opened up and took the cock in my mouth, and was stunned!

This cock was flaccid.

This cock wasn't a fake strap-on.

This cock was real!

This cock had veins.

I could feel them pulsing.

I froze.

"Well, don't stop on my account, cock sucker," Carter ordered, his cockhead in my mouth... confirming all my sudden thoughts... Carter was actually here!

How did he get in here?

When did he get in here?

What had he heard? Seen?

I couldn't believe I had a real live black cock in my mouth. I did what any obedient sissy cock sucker would do, I took more of it into my mouth, as I marveled at the realization of such a long-held fantasy!

Joan said, her tone playful, "Have you figured out your surprise yet?"

I didn't answer with words, as I didn't want this big black cock to leave my mouth for even an instant, but I moaned as I felt it harden in my mouth. A feeling that was amazing to experience. A soft cock hardening in your mouth is so surreal, erotic and satisfying... knowing it's your mouth making it grow.

"Yeah, get it nice and hard, cock sucker," Carter instructed.

"Fuck, this is hot," Joan said, her tone conveying she was as turned on by watching me with a black cock in my mouth, as I was upon having said black cock in my mouth.

His cock was now completely hard, and stretching my mouth wide. I was in complete awe. I'd imagined being in this exact same position with a big black cock in my mouth hundreds, or even thousands of times. Yet nothing could have prepared me for the surreal tranquility and natural reality of experiencing the real thing.

I began bobbing slowly, trying to get used to a real cock in my mouth.

It felt so much warmer and fleshier (I know, a lame descriptor) than the plastic cock.

"You like watching your boyfriend suck my cock?" Carter asked, as I began bobbing a little faster.

"Yeah, it's so hot," Joan repeated. "Such a sexy cock sucker."

"Yeah, he's like all the other white cock suckers."

"How so?" Joan thankfully asking the question I wanted to ask.

"There are dozens of married men and college guys who come trooping into our secret glory hole bathroom," he said. "Well, actually not so secret recently."

"Really?" Joan asked. I was thinking the same thing, dying to hear more.

"Oh yeah, businessmen, coaches, professors, jocks, you name it," he said, as I bobbed, my clitty aching as I listened to this revelation. "All of them showing up to suck cock or get fucked... or both."

"Shit, that sounds so wild," Joan said.

"The odd couple shows up there too," he added. "Although most women just go to the frat house to get gangbanged by the boys."

"You had me at frat house," Joan joked.

"They'd love you," he said, as I imagined a dozen black men taking turns triple teaming my hot girlfriend.

"You're so sweet," she said, flirting.

I was taking a little bit more and more of his huge black cock. I only wished I could see it.

"Want to spit-roast him?" Carter asked, making my eyes go wild.

"Fuck, yeah," Joan said, as she ordered, "get on all fours, Erica."

Carter pulled his dick out as I replied, "Yes, Mistress," and did exactly as she ordered me.

"Enjoying that real cock?" Joan asked, as she moved behind me.

"It's amazing," I admitted.

"Want to see the BBC that's going to be pounding my pussy pretty soon?"

"God, yes," I said lustfully, as she pulled the vibrating dildo out of my ass.

Joan took the blindfold off and enthused, "Isn't it beautiful?"

"Deliciously perfect," I said, staring at ten inches of black cock right in front of my face.

"Well, get sucking slut," Joan ordered, as she slid her cock into my pussy.

"Oh yes," I moaned, as her dick filled me.

"Oh yeah, fuck his ass," Carter said, watching me get fucked.

"Sissies have cunts," Joan pointed out. "Including mine."

"Touché," he chuckled, as he offered me his cock.

I opened my mouth and began sucking, as a second fantasy came true in just a couple of minutes. First I had a BBC in my mouth, and now I was being spit-roasted!

At first it was awkward though... as I couldn't get into a rhythm of both sucking a cock and getting fucked simultaneously.

Joan was fucking me hard, making it difficult to suck effectively.

After a couple minutes of awkwardness, Carter said, "This can be better. Let the slut do all the work."

"How so?" Joan asked.

"Let him rock himself back and forth, first taking my cock, and then yours," Carter suggested. "All you and I need to do is remain in place."

"Oh, like a rocking horse."

"Exactly."

"Hear that, slut?" she asked, slapping my ass.

I moaned in response as she stopped fucking me.

"Ride me, slut," Joan ordered, slapping me again.

I moaned, as I began rocking back and forth slowly.

I sucked Carter's big black thick cock.

I bounced back onto Joan's not quite as big black cock.

It was so much smoother and more exhilarating, this way of... taking two cocks at once.

"That's much better," Joan said.

"The boys will love him," Carter said, which turned me on even more. I wanted to be a great cock sucker... for every BBC who would offer me the privilege of worshipping his cock.

"Erica will suck every cock you offer her," Joan said, again reading my mind.

"He's a natural cock sucking faggot," Carter added.

"Yeah, she was born to suck dick," Joan said before adding, "but only black dick."

Before I even knew it, as I rocked back and forth like a natural fuck slut, I was taking two-thirds of Carter's cock in my mouth, which meant my throat was getting some noticeable action. My clitty was numb but my body on fire, this being another of my most intense moments ever...

"Keep sucking," Carter moaned, which gave me another rush, as it meant I was pleasing him.

"Come all over his face," Joan said a moment later, as she pulled out of me.

Carter grabbed my head and began face fucking me, furiously pistoning in and out of my mouth.

"Spray my slut's face with your dominant black cum," Joan moaned, so turned on from watching me get face fucked.

"The slut can really take my dick," Carter groaned, as he slammed all ten inches into my mouth, thus bludgeoning my throat wide open, which made me seriously gag! "Spoke too soon," he laughed, pulling out, and then resuming fucking my face less aggressively.

"It'll take practice before she can easily take ten inches in her slut mouth," Joan appraised, and then added, "So I'll make sure she gets lots of practice."

"Oh, fuck," he grunted, as he pulled out and exploded a massive load all over my shocked face.

Cum shot directly into my left eye, before I could think to close it. Rope after rope splattered my face, surprising me with how warm it was... although I'd fantasized about taking a load all over my face many times, I'd never actually considered it might be warm.

"Keep me hard for your girlfriend," Carter ordered me before adding, "ready to get fucked, slut?"

It was weird to hear my beloved Mistress Joan being called a slut, or to hear her say, "God, yes, I want you to slam that big black cock in my white cunt, while my tiny-clitty-caged boyfriend watches."

"You'll never want his tiny dick again," Carter said, as I nursed on his cock, completely humiliated and therefore turned on by their ridicule... speaking about me disparagingly as if I wasn't there.

Joan added to the humiliation by saying, "I never have."

Carter laughed, "Harsh."

"He's a great pussy muncher though," Joan admitted.

"He'd better be," Carter said, as he pulled out. He looked down at me, his cum all over my face. "Want to watch me fuck your girlfriend?"

"Yeah," I answered.

"Give our Master a better fucking answer than that," Joan snapped, as I felt cum dripping off my chin.

"Yes Master, I intended no disrespect; I want to see you fuck my hot girlfriend with your big black cock, and give her the pleasure I never could," I answered.

"Much better," Joan said, as she pulled me up and said, pointing, "Go sit on that chair."

I wiped some cum from my left eye, which stung a bit, and put it in my mouth as a natural reaction, thus satisfying my afore-mentioned curiosity. Paradoxically, it had very little taste, although it instantly made me want some more. (And happily, there was lots more all over my face!)

As I looked at the chair in question, much to my surprise... apparently Joan was full of them... a different dildo was strapped to the chair, sitting completely erect. When did she even do that?

I walked over to the chair, straddled it like a dirty slut, and slowly lowered myself onto it, getting quite the thrill as they both watched me impale myself.

"Shit, what a faggot," Carter said, as he watched the cock disappear in my pussy.

"She's already advancing in her training at an accelerated pace," Joan said, as I kept taking more of the cock in my pussy... this angle quite different than any previous position.

Having them both watching me struggle with the largest phallus I'd attempted so far enhanced my humiliation, which, as always, added to my sexual exhilaration.

"Shit, she has precum oozing out of her clitty even while it's soft," Carter chuckled.

"It can't help but be soft because of the cage; but cage or not, she's constantly wet whenever we play," Joan said, as I moved my fingers to my cage, felt the stickiness, and wanting to wow these two, especially Carter, and show him how big a sissy I was, I scooped some cum off the outside of my cage and put it in my mouth.

"Shit," Carter chuckled, "she's the biggest sissy I've ever seen!"

"And she's been at it less than a week; she's just getting started," Joan bragged, sounding proud of my progress.

"She looks quite cute in her lingerie," Carter said.

"Yes, I thought bridal would be a good look for her tonight," Joan said, as I groaned loudly as I'd lost my balance, and suddenly I was sitting down completely on the tall dildo, a numbing pain reminding me that this act wasn't natural.

"It's a good start," Carter said, "but it's important for him or her to understand her place."

"I think she already does," Joan said.

"She's well on her way, but she has to understand she's at the utter bottom of the sexual hierarchy, and always will be," Carter said, as he looked at her, snapped his fingers, and Joan instantly dropped before him.

"She knows her place," Joan stood up for me, as she reached for his still completely hard cock, "as do I, Master."

"Does she really?" Carter asked, as Joan took his cock in her mouth and thus exited their conversation for a while. "You see Erica, you're lower than straight cocksuckers, as they still consider themselves real men; lower than gay men, as they at least are proud of who they are; and far below women, who are just as nature intended them to be unless they shackle themselves with boundaries; and you're not even in the same stratosphere as black men, who are the pinnacle of creation."

"I understand, sir," I replied, his ridicule humiliating, yet all of it true. At this point I wasn't even noticing I was slowly grinding on the dildo.

"Sir?" he questioned, as Joan bobbed on his cock.

"Sorry, Master," I corrected.

"And I own your girlfriend, too," he said.

"Yes, Master," I acknowledged. "Just as long as she agrees."

"And you'll be at my beck and call from now on too," he added, as he pulled out of my girlfriend.

"Yes, he will be," Joan spoke for me... as these were uncharted waters. We'd agreed to do everything together, so any exceptions to that rule were in her wheelhouse.

"Do you always speak for him?" Carter asked, as he pulled Joan up from her knees.

"Usually; and for anything we haven't already agreed upon, always. He's my sissy after all," Joan said, "and I have the final say in any usage of him."

Carter chuckled as he picked Joan up like she was a feather, and tossed her onto the bed, "I can work with that."

Joan clarified, even as she got on all fours so she was facing me, "You may only fuck me when she's with me, but you may train her mouth whenever you see fit, or maybe just want to drop a load. Then when I deem she's ready, the same will apply to her cunt."

"That sounds reasonable," Carter agreed, as he got on the bed and moved behind her.

Her location was hot, but a little frustrating.

Hot: I could see the expressions on her face: her trembling lips, her lustful eyes, as she got fucked.

Frustrating: since she was pretty much facing me, I couldn't watch his big black cock slamming into her perfect pink pussy.

Carter asked me, as I writhed on my dildo and watched helplessly, "Little girl, do you want me to fuck your girlfriend and give her the pleasure you never could?"

"I do, Master," I admitted sheepishly, mixed feelings coursing through me.

Yes, I wanted her to get fucked like she wanted and deserved.

Yes, I was stimulated by the idea of being cuckolded by a young black man.

Yes, my caged clitty was trying its best to become like the Hulk, and go from meek to strong.

Yes, I wanted to listen to the sounds of pleasure escaping Joan's lips.

Yet there was a growing insecure side, even though Joan had reassured me. What if Joan eventually found me obsolete and redundant? Fuck, even I couldn't think of any good reasons for her to keep me around when a ten-inch black dick was available to her.

"You do want what?" Joan demanded, clearly annoyed by my answer, as it seemed Carter was teasing her pussy with his dick, but not yet penetrating her. "Spit it out, sissy!"

"Yes, I want to watch you slam that big black dick into my white girlfriend, and give her the pleasure I'm helpless to provide with my tiny, pathetic, caged clitty," I answered, shame and simultaneous exaltation coursing through me like they often did... tainted glory exorcising shame, like it always did.

"Beg him to shove his dick in me," Joan ordered, moaning as she was being teased by Carter, being frustrated to the point of growing desperation by Carter... yet the entire time looking directly at me. Even given all the obvious taboo kink of this moment, as well as the demolition of the last strands of any sort of masculinity I still pretended to, this multi-faceted encounter felt strangely romantic.

I said, continually grinding a little on the dick in my pussy, "Please, Master Carter, fill my beautiful girl's pussy with all ten inches of your impressive black manhood."

"Manhood," he laughed.

"I just want to acknowledge the obviously difference between us," I explained. "Tiny pathetic Asian clitty versus huge majestic black cock."

"Sounds about right," he chuckled, before asking Joan, "Ready for my cock, slut?"

"Oh God yes, Master, show my tiny-clittied sissy what a real man can do to a woman," Joan replied with feeling, even as her eyes remained locked onto mine... her words continuing to demean me, which, of course, only enhanced my submissive persona and my excited clitty even more.

"PLEASE fill her up with that big black cock," I added, anxious to see her expression once he slid that massive hammer into her, making my clitty burn with desire.

"As you two sluts wish," he said, as he slid inside her assumedly soaked pussy.

I watched Joan's face as her eyes went big, and a loud moan of undeniable excitement burst from her lips.

"Oh yes, so fucking big," Joan said, still looking into my eyes.

"She's taking all ten inches pretty easily, sissy," Carter said, before adding, "like I expect you to be able to do pretty soon."

"Yes, Master," I distractedly agreed, only focused at the moment on the pleasure Joan was experiencing, even though I was obviously more than a little intrigued about what it would feel like when I was able to replace Joan.

"Oh yes, I can't wait to see you fuck her virgin pussy and tear it apart," Joan moaned.

Carter bucked his hips once while deep inside her. "Oh, she'll be walking bow-legged for a week."

"Mother fucker, yes, more, more," Joan begged; I'm not sure whether she was begging to hear more about his eventually tearing my pussy apart, or for more of getting her pussy pounded hard and rough right now... likely both.

Carter bucked his hips again and asked, "Think she'll be able to take this?"

"Oh yes, fuck," Joan moaned, "she'll take whatever I tell the slut to take."

Carter again bucked his hips deep into my hot girlfriend.

"Jesus fucking Christ," the not overly religious Joan bellowed.

"You're pretty fucking tight," Carter said, as he bucked a fourth time.

"I haven't had a real dick inside me for years," she admitted, still looking directly at me. Shame! Excitement!

"Well, we'd better make up for lost time," Carter said, as he moved both of his large manly hands to her hips and began fucking her.

They were definitely not making love.

They were definitely fucking.

"Oh God, yes, fuck me," Joan moaned loudly, as she was already feeling more pleasure than I'd ever given her back when I still had pretentions to having a penis. No way can anyone ever fake that level of rapture! Her cheeks were ruby red with stimulation. Her eyes were full of raw lust. Her hips were trembling. And her moans? Fuck, I could never make her sound like that.

I could also hear Carter's body slamming against hers as Joan took all ten inches inside her slim frame with lustful rapture.

"You like watching me getting royally fucked, sissy?" Joan asked, as I continued consciously grinding on the cock inside me, envious of the real big black cock Joan was taking... my clitty burning with desire.


"It's so hot," I answered, in awe of her beauty, in awe of how stimulating it was to see her getting the raw pleasure she deserved.

"What's hot about it?" she asked, as she kept taking it all.

"Watching a dominant, young, built, black man fucking my woman with his huge cock, and doing my job," I answered, each word making my clitty numb with rejected pleasure.

"You're okay with young black studs fucking me while you watch?" she probed further, already knowing the answer, as she began bouncing back to meet his thrusts, her increasing moans signaling her orgasm was already imminent.

"Yes, baby, you deserve all the black cock you can ever want," I said, imagining her at the frat house, taking a dozen or more young, viral cocks. One in her mouth, one in her pussy, one in her ass, and one in each hand... she was quite the multitasker in everything she did.

"You want to watch me getting gangbanged by black boys?" she asked, as she and her black paramour seemed to be in a perfect rhythm.

"Yes, anything for you," I said, watching the best reality episode ever, as I moved my finger to my caged clitty and discovered a large amount of pre-cum dripping out.

"Shut up and take my fat dick, slut," Carter ordered, as I tasted my pre-cum, wishing it could be Carter's real load.

"Yes Master," Joan agreed, as she finally closed her eyes, leaned her head down, grabbed the blankets for extra comfort, and took that black cock for all she was worth.

Seconds later, as Carter resumed his control of the pounding, Joan became really animated, although she kept her eyes closed as she thrilled to the euphoria growing inside her.

"Yes Master, make me your white slut!"

"Fuck my cunt with that big black cock!"

"Give that black dick to me!"

"Show my faggot boyfriend what a real man can do for a woman!"

Then as I was still wincing at being called a faggot, she babbled incoherently as she came unlike anytime I'd ever witnessed, including from my magical tongue, or even that magical Cadillac of all sex toys I'd gifted her. "Mother fucker... oh fuck... shit... Jesus Christ... yes... yes... oh mother fucking hell... yes!"

Her orgasmic scream, as well as the nasty words that preceded it, were loud enough to wake the dead, and likely even give them erections having nothing to do with rigor mortis, as her entire body quaked like she was suffering an epileptic seizure, while the bed was simultaneously in the midst of an earthquake!

No way I could ever make her scream like that!

"Oh yeah, and that's just the first one," Carter bragged, as he continued slamming into my girlfriend without even a pause.

"Oh fuck," Joan moaned weakly, the pleasure of her orgasm, mixed with the pleasure of the continued fucking, clearly really working over her entire body.

"Enjoying yourself, sissy?" Carter asked, a smug dominant smirk on his face.

"Very much," I nodded, watching my girl undergoing such pleasure bringing great pleasure to me.

"Why?" he asked.

"It's just so good to see her getting everything she wants and needs from a young stud like yourself," I answered.

"Oh God, keep fucking me," Joan moaned, a second orgasm seemingly rising right after the first.

Carter kept fucking her for another minute before Joan asked, finally recovering enough from the first orgasm to get re-involved, "Want to watch me ride this big black cock, baby?"

"God, yes," I said, Joan then becoming the aggressor, as she exerted herself and pushed the much larger Carter onto his back.

"I like a gal who knows what she wants," Carter said, as Joan straddled him reverse cowboy.

"I need to ride this big black dick while my sissy watches," Joan said, as her pussy engulfed the saluting black rod.

"Yes, ride that big black cock," I encouraged as I watched, in a trance from the amazing magic trick Joan was doing.

The long black cock was there... and then it was gone. And then it was there again... and...

It was such a beautiful sight.

Magical.

Erotic.

I was completely captivated.

"You like watching me fuck this big black cock?" she asked as she slowly rode it.

"It's so fucking hot," I admitted, still entranced by what I was witnessing.

"Now, ride with me," she ordered. "Time yourself so we're fucking our respective cocks in unison."

"Okay," I agreed, putting both my hands on the chair as I tried to sync with Joan's movements.

Three times I started, but couldn't quite time it perfectly.

Joan stopped completely, resting on his cock and said, "All right, sit down on that cock."

"I am," I said, each of us sitting on a big black cock... although hers was bigger and of course, real. I couldn't deny I was a little jealous.

"On three, rise up."

"Okay."

"One... two... three," she counted, and we both rose up.

"And on three, go down," she instructed. "One... two... three."

And we each sat back down on our cock.

For a minute she continued counting, and in perfect unison we rode our respective cocks. I couldn't explain it, but even though she had another man's cock deep in her pussy, this was incredibly intimate... as if we were the only two fuckers in the world.

So I didn't even notice when she quit counting and we seamlessly continued in unison.

"Oh yeah, ride that cock, baby," she moaned, as she unclasped her bra and tossed it aside.

"I don't have those," I joked, as I cupped my male versions at the same time, trying to replicate her actions... trying to look and act as feminine as possible.

"Maybe we should get you some."

"Oooooh," I moaned, the idea of having tits so fucking hot, and not something I'd really thought about that much until now.

"Yes, a nice pair of tits would be an excellent accessory to your feminization," she added.

"Ooooooh, yes," I moaned, my clitty desperate to break free from the cage keeping it captive.

For the next couple minutes, we fucked in perfect synchronicity.

There wasn't any talking... just moaning... just the sounds of bodies colliding....

We were eventually pulled out of this silent, sweet, exotic, kinky connection when Carter groaned and said, "Time for me to resume control, bitches."

He lifted my girlfriend up in the air, flipped her onto her back, pulled her feet first to the edge of the bed, and while standing on the floor, slammed into her. Joan's feet were high in the air as he piledrove into her with his hands grasping her ankles, as I kept bouncing on my fake cock, now for the first time able to see his tight black ass pounding my girl.

"Oh yes, fuck me, fuck me in front of my sissy," Joan moaned loudly, this angle and his aggressive thrusts really turning her on.

"I'm going to come deep in this white pussy," Carter said.

"Oh yes, please fill my cunt with your dominant seed, and then my sissy will eat it all up, won't you Erica?"

"Oh yes, I'll eat every drop of your cum from my girlfriend's pussy," I agreed, "what a treat!" bouncing on the cock hungrily, wishing I could take a real ten-inch cock like my girl was doing so easily.

"Oh yes, fill my white cunt right up," Joan begged, as she wrapped her nylon-clad legs around his black ass and pulled him deeper inside her.

I kept bouncing on the dick in my pussy, knowing that although the pleasure right now was all-consuming and coursing through my very being, there was no way I could possibly climax... the cage literally breaking my balls.

"Oh yes, come in my cunt, shoot that big load up my box," Joan continued her nasty talk, even as her second orgasm was about to erupt.

"Come with me," Carter said, as he slammed her petite body hard.

"Oh, yes, I'm so close already," Joan moaned, as she bucked her hips up to meet his deep thrusts.

"Now, slut, come all over my black cock... right... now!!" Carter ordered.

"Oh yes, Master, yes, yes, oh my God, yes," Joan screamed, as her second orgasm from his big black cock cascaded through her.

"Aaaaaaaah," Carter grunted, as he deposited his big load in her cunt, as I recalled that his first load was still all over my face.

God, I wanted to see his cock spewing inside her. (Probably physically impossible.)

God, I wanted to feel his cock inside me. (Probably as soon as Joan got me ready for it.)

God, I wanted to eat that cream pie. (Any moment now!)

Carter pumped in and out of Joan for a few seconds more, before pulling out and ordering, "Come and get the creampie you've been craving so badly."

"Yes, Master," I agreed eagerly, climbing awkwardly off the black dildo that had been keeping me endlessly on the brink of euphoria, yet with the cage obstructing my ability to reach euphoria... but... but... in spite of my desperation to come after so long, first things first! And I scurried over, her to the leaking creampie, Joan's legs still wide open and for once for me.

I dove in, licking up a big wad of cum that was dipping out of her as Joan moaned, "Yes, baby, eat that creampie. Slurp that big load out of my pussy!"

I plunged my tongue as deep into her as I could, my tongue able to reach almost as deep into her pussy as my tiny penis used to do.

"Oh yes, eat my creampie, eat up every drop of Master's cum, and my cum," Joan ordered, as her hand grabbed the back of my neck.

She pulled me even deeper into her pussy, my face getting varnished with the sweet, heavenly mixture of their cum cocktail.

I licked for several minutes, slowing down over time, and just enjoying her sweet nectar.

To my surprise, when she let go of my head, I sat up, and Carter was gone.

Joan said, "He left a couple minutes ago."

"Oh."

"Was it all you imagined?" she asked.

"It was," I admitted. "It was so raw."

"It was quite intense," she admitted, sitting up and kissing me.

"It was a lot intense," I joked when she broke the kiss.

"I really got pulled into the raw passion," she said.

"You seemed to enjoy it," I smiled.

"As did you," she said, as she stood up and looked at the chair.

"Shit, you really did enjoy watching me get fucked, didn't you?" she asked, as she scooped some wetness from the chair I'd been sitting on, and offered me her finger.

I opened my mouth and sucked my pre-cum off her finger... wondering how much pre-cum had oozed out of my clitty as the session went on.

"Good girl," she purred, as she pulled her finger out and walked to the hot tub.

"Maybe a little," I answered with a smile, returning to the original question she'd asked about my enjoyment.

"Yeah, just a little, I imagine," she said, pressing the button to turn on the hot tub.

"The tiniest amount," I said, putting my fingers together and then, thinking I was funny, pointing to my dick.

"Oh, so you mean not at all," she joked back, as she began getting the rest of the way undressed. "Come join me?"

"Definitely," I said, still hoping she was going to uncage me.

We both got undressed, and she grabbed the wine, poured two glasses and said, as she handed me one, "A toast."

"To what?" I asked.

"To a new beginning," she answered.

"To a new beginning," I agreed, as our glasses clinked together, and we sipped our drinks.

"And to love," she added.

"Yes, definitely to love, my love," I nodded, before we clinked our glasses again, and we both downed our entire glasses of wine.

THE END OF CHAPTER 4...

Coming next:

Sissification 101 Chapter 5... where Erica refines her cock sucking skills and prepares her pussy for Carter's BBC.



Sissification 101: Ch. 05
Story Info

Erica practices taking BBC in both of her sissy holes.
11.7k words
4.56
25.1k
47
4
PUBLIC BETA

Note: You can change font size, font face, and turn on dark mode by clicking the "A" icon tab in the Story Info Box.

You can temporarily switch back to a Classic Literotica® experience during our ongoing public Beta testing. Please consider leaving feedback on issues you experience or suggest improvements.
Click here
silkstockingslover
silkstockingslover
546 Works
38144 Followers

Sissification 101 Ch 05

Summary: Erica practices taking BBC in both of her sissy holes.

Thanks to Eric who requested and helped plot this lengthy story.

Recap so far:

Sissification 101 tells the story of Eric, a mid-30s Asian, who has been hiding his sissy side curiosity for years until he is caught by a very supportive girlfriend in pantyhose watching hypno-sissy porn.

Sissification 101 Ch 02 tells how Eric begins his sissy training by getting his ass trained for cock, and his tiny clitty caged by his girlfriend, as the hierarchy is established with Joan in control.

Sissification 101 Ch 03 tells how Eric is pegged for the first time by his girlfriend.

Sissification 101 Ch 04 tells how Joan rents a hotel room for their first black cock for both of them. Eric(a) sucks his/her first BBC, gets spit-roasted by Joan's strap-on, and takes a facial; Joan then reaches multiple orgasms from Carter's BBC; the scene ends with Eric(a) dining on his first BBC creampie.

8. PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT

SUNDAY

The next morning we ordered room service and enjoyed each other's company as a couple.

It wasn't until we were checking out of the hotel that Joan said, "So this week you'll be practicing on your own, in both of your pretty pleasure holes."

The new term 'pleasure holes' made me smirk, yet I asked, "On my own?"

"You do remember I'm flying to New York this afternoon?" she asked, her tone implying she wasn't impressed by my forgetting.

"Oh, shit," I said, suddenly remembering. "I completely forgot. I've been a little preoccupied."

She smiled forgivingly, "I guess you have been distracted."

"A little," I joked.

"And soon a lot," she smiled, as she held her hands apart to show at least ten inches.

"I can't wait," I admitted, knowing that next weekend I'd be getting fucked by Carter. And I certainly hadn't forgotten that!

"You'll have to," she said, slapping my ass. "And that pussy is in word-of-honour training until I return."

"I understand," I nodded.

"And you're welcome to suck Carter's big black cock whenever the opportunity arises," she offered generously.

"When do you get back?" I asked, thinking even a single day would be too long.

"Saturday afternoon," she said.

"Fuck, that's an eternity," I sighed, sounding rather pathetic.

"Use the time to practice sucking cock and fucking that pussy," she suggested.

"I will, but it won't be the same without you," I said, thinking I may need my own suction wall cock.

"Well, that goes without saying," she said.

"I figured I'd say it anyway," I smiled.

"You're a keeper," she said, kissing me. "But I need to get you home."

"Fine," I said, in the way women usually said it, when it wasn't fine at all.

"Don't pout, little girl," she said as we walked to her car. "It's not becoming."

"I'll just miss you."

"I'll miss you too," she said. "And we can chat in the evenings when possible, and keep your training going."

"Okay," I said, that making me feel better.

"But I need to go hike and pack," she said. "I'll be taking a couple toys with me, including that heavenly one you bought for me."

"I may go toy shopping myself," I said.

"Carter is working this afternoon," she said. "In case you're hungry."

"I may have room for a little snack this afternoon," I said coyly.

"There's nothing little at all about that treat," she smiled.

"True, it's like a full meal deal," I joked, imagining myself servicing that big black cock again.

"Mmmmmm, now you're getting me hungry."

"I'm getting myself hungry too," I said, already knowing I'd be heading to the sex shop this afternoon.

Once we got to my place she told me, "I need to go pack, and you should go and suck some cock."

"I think I will," I nodded.

"I know you will," she leered, giving me a kiss.

That afternoon, I drove to the sex shop with two purposes: to get a black suction cock dildo, and to suck Carter's cock (although not necessarily in that order).

The entire drive, I couldn't wait to get there.

Then... I got there.

And got cold feet; was I really going to an adult store to suck a black cock?

Obviously the answer was yes, but without Joan, I suddenly felt pathetic. Yes, I also had hints of feeling pathetic when I was with Joan, but they weren't nearly as bad as this. With her, I had an accomplice. I had a purpose.

So I sat in my car for a full twenty minutes... almost exiting a few times, and almost driving away a few times, yet really doing neither.

I was completely paralyzed with indecision.

I felt like when I was sixteen and wanted to ask out Sarah (my high school dream girl), and almost did a hundred times, but fear kept me from ever saying a word. Which left me with a regret that lasted a long time, especially when I learned years later that she'd liked me too.

Joan, apparently able to read my mind even when she was nowhere near me, called and asked, "Where are you?"

"In my car," I answered.

"And where is your car?" she asked, already knowing where I was.

"In a parking lot."

"In front of a certain shop?" she asked coyly.

"Maybe," I responded playfully.

"How long have you been just sitting there?" she asked.

"Half an hour, give or take," I admitted.

"What's stopping you?"

"You're not here with me," I admitted.

"I am in spirit," she supported.

"I guess," I said.

"Go in there right now," she ordered.

"Is that an order?" I asked, smiling to myself.

"Get the fuck in there, buy something large to fuck that cunt of yours with, and suck some black cock," she ordered firmly.

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, loving her dominant persona, immediately getting out of the car... her words of encouragement all I needed as I continued to explore the new me.

"I'll be calling Carter later, to find out if you obeyed," she surprised me.

"I'll obey, Mistress," I repeated, before adding the cold hard truth, "I'll always do anything you order me to do."

"Like a good girl," she replied soothingly.

"Yes, Mistress, like your good girl," I agreed, as I walked (now happily) to the store.

"Have fun," she said, her voice all sing-song.

"Oh, I will," I said, now feeling much more confident about my decision to go through with this.

"Love ya," she sang, and hung up before I could echo her sincere sentiment. In many ways I was an emotional wreck as I explored my new sexual horizons, which at many times were wonderfully intriguing, but at others were horribly frightening. But beneath everything else, like a secure bedrock, lay my love for, and my trust in Joan; and even more empowering was my knowledge of her love for me. It's true that she often humiliated me and called me degrading names, but we both knew that although she thoroughly enjoyed playing the role of imperious Mistress, she wouldn't be doing it if she wasn't confident that ultimately such treatment made me happy.

I entered the store and saw a girl at the till, who greeted me. Although her greeting was warm and friendly, I felt an instant rush of disappointment. Yes, I was nervous about sucking cock on my own, but my core reaction when suddenly the possibility was taken away from me, was utter disappointment.

Yet I'd also come here for another reason, so I headed to the dildo section. Fuck, there were lots of them.

After a short while I was just browsing aimlessly, when the girl approached me and asked, "May I help you with anything?"

Figuring fuck it, shame no longer an emotion I was supposed to have, so I was trying to suppress it at all times, I mustered the courage to answer. "Yeah, I'm looking for a dildo that sticks to a wall."

"I see," she said, as she asked, not at all put off by my request, I imagine they get all kinds of questions and weird people in here (I never thought I'd be one of those people, but here I was), "Is it for you, or a lady friend?"

Shame coursed into my cheeks, something I couldn't control or suppress for even a moment, as I admitted, "It's for me."

"And are you new to prostate stimulation?" she asked smoothly, describing my taking a cock in my ass or pussy in an extraordinarily politically correct fashion.

Deciding to be open about how pathetic I was, I replied, "My Mistress has been training my back end for a week."

"Which must mean your sphincter isn't very stretched out yet. So are you looking for girth, or length, or both?" she asked, again not seeming at all fazed by my sexual practices, and happy to discuss my goals in clinical terms, very much like a nurse might do.

"I'm expected to take ten inches with ease by next weekend," I answered, as Carter's big black cock popped into my head... an image I imagined was now etched into my brain for eternity.

"Lucky you," she smiled, this time not at all clinically but rather flirtatiously for a moment, as she selected a big black cock from the wall. "This one is ten inches long, thick, and quite realistic."

"Oh my," I said. It was surprisingly heavy... and the veins felt real.

"It is however, not an adequate substitute for the real thing," a male voice observed from behind me. A deep voice I instantly recognized as Carter's.

"Well, that goes without saying," the girl smiled... definitely flirtatiously.

"I'll take care of him from here, Anna," Carter said.

"Sure," she said, although I couldn't tell if she had any clue why Carter was taking over with me.

Once she was gone, Carter said, "She made a good choice. This one will get that pussy of yours somewhat ready for the real thing."

I could feel my face burning with shame yet again, before I quietly said, "Good, I'll take it."

"Oh, you'll be taking it all right," he smirked.

"Um, I, could I.... please..." I babbled, unable to force out the other thing I'd come for.

"Are you hungry?" he asked, able to understand the purpose behind my incoherent babble.

"Very much," I nodded, beginning to wonder just how transparent I actually was. Joan could always read what I was thinking, today from a long distance, and now so was Carter.

"Follow me," he said.

I did, still carrying the ten-inch black toy as I followed, my clitty tingling in its cage with anticipation.

We went into the back room which was small, but plenty large enough for what I was about to do. He snapped his fingers, and I dropped before him as quickly as if I'd been knocked down.

"You really are one of the sluttiest cock suckers I've ever met," he said, as I knelt before him.

Proving that statement correct, and feeling more like my Sissy self now that I was on my knees and alone with him, I asked, "May I please take out your big black cock and suck it?"

"Go ahead; but I only have a few minutes, so get to it," he ordered.

I quickly reached my hands to his pants, unzipped him, pulled down his pants and then his underwear, revealing an already semi-erect cock.

God, did this black cock excite me as my clitty tingled, my mouth watered, and a chill went up my spine, as I reached out and stroked the thick dick.

"Get sucking, faggot," he ordered a couple seconds later, as I was busy just admiring the sheer majesty of his cock.

"Yes, Master," I replied, taking his cock in my mouth.

"Just so you know going forward, here's a ground rule. When you're here with Joan you're a feminine slut, but when you're just with me, you're a cock sucking faggot, is that clear?" he informed me as he hardened in my mouth.

"Yes, Master, I'm just a cock sucking, cum taking faggot for your pleasure," I agreed, lust consuming me as it always did when I saw a black cock, and belittling myself enhanced the situation.

His cock now hard, I took it back in my mouth and bobbed like the faggot I was for him.

"You're a natural dick smoker, faggot," Carter groaned, as I bobbed furiously, taking over half of his big black cock. Progress!

I loved the compliment, thriving on the knowledge I was doing a good job. I loved licking a woman and hearing her moans, her wicked words, and her scream of euphoria when she came and coated my face. So not surprisingly, I loved hearing his moans, his wicked words, and couldn't wait to feel another load all over my face, or perhaps to taste my first full load of cum.

I kept bobbing for a couple more minutes, my clitty desperately trying to break free of its cage while my attention was completely focused on serving this cock, on pleasing this cock, and getting his cum.

"Oh yeah, don't slow down, you fucking cock sucking faggot," he ordered, his moans telling me he was close.

I had no intention of slowing down until his load was either on my face, or in my mouth.

I wanted both.

"Want to taste my load, slut?" he asked as he pulled out.

"Yes Master, I'm dying to taste your cum," I admitted, as he furiously stroked his cock.

"Open wide," he ordered. "Catch it all, but don't swallow it."

"Yes, Master," I said, before opening my mouth wide for his target practice.

Seconds later, his cock shot rope after rope directly into my waiting mouth.

When he was done he ordered, "Close your mouth and swish my cum around in your mouth. Savour the taste, the texture."

I obeyed, surprised by how salty it was... and how the texture was so gooey and Jell-O- like.

The taste was instantly satisfying... addicting.

"Get used to the taste," he said, as he put his cock away. "You'll be eating a lot of cum."

I kept swishing the cum around in my mouth...like I was savouring a mouthful of fine French wine.

"Give me your phone," he ordered.

I mindlessly handed it to him, oddly not at all worried about what he would do with it.

"Open wide and show me that little lake of cum," he said, as he moved the phone up to take a closeup photo of me with a load of cum in my mouth, completely hiding my tongue.

He snapped a couple of photos, and handed my phone back to me saying, "I'm sure Joan will appreciate seeing these."

I closed my mouth to savour his cum some more until he said, "You may swallow it."

I swallowed, the cum sliding down my throat, and into my belly. I imagined this being the first of many.

"Thank you, Master, that was delicious," I said, sounding pathetic and faggoty (I know that isn't a word, but it seems to fit perfectly in this instance).

"Tomorrow evening between five and seven," he said.

"I'll be here," I said, excited to be getting another load tomorrow.

"Of course you will," he said, as he then added, "now go pay Anna for your new dildo."

"Yes, Master," I said, getting off my knees and following him out.

I picked up some lube too, and went to pay Anna, who was at the counter.

"Get everything you came here for?" she asked.

"I definitely did," I said, Carter's cum aftertaste still lingering in my mouth.

"Good," she said, as she rang up my items.

"Thank you," I said, when she handed me my items in a discreet brown bag.

I headed out to my car and once inside, looked at the photos. The first one was slightly blurry, but the second was unmistakable. The cum filling my mouth couldn't possibly be anything else, nor could my position on my knees be easily explained as anything else than the reality of what it was.

I texted Joan, with the attached picture: I just swallowed my first load of cum.

She responded: Yummy. I assume you enjoyed it.

I responded: I see why you like it so much.

She responded: Cock cum or cunt cum... which do you prefer?

I responded: They are both necessities of life.

She responded: I'm looking forward to comparing the two soon.

I responded: I'm looking forward to seeing that too.

She responded: At the airport and about to go through security.

I responded: Love you.

She responded: I love you too. Be sure to work that pussy.

I headed home, and after dinner I pulled out the new toy. I got undressed, lubed up the new toy, stuck it to the wall in almost the exact same location as Joan had earlier, and awkwardly backed myself up to the black cock.

I moved blindly around until I could feel it at my pussy, and I pushed.

Nothing.

I pushed back again, and still nothing.

I tried a third time, and I still couldn't get it inside.

Frustrated, I gave up.

I ended up realizing I likely had to loosen up my pussy with smaller cocks first. But I decided, since I was pretty tired, I would work on that tomorrow.

I received a text from Joan that she had arrived safely and would call me tomorrow.

MONDAY

Other than secretly wearing my panties and pantyhose, the workday was just that... a workday.

I arrived at the adult shop precisely at five, and the same girl Anna was working there. I sheepishly said, "I think I'll need something smaller to begin with."

She smiled, "Yes, after you left yesterday, I thought that one might be a bit ambitious."

"It definitely was," I admitted.

"I'll show you some others," she said, leading me back to the same section as yesterday. "This one is almost as long, but narrower."

"I like it," I said, taking the thinner cock, but also excited to feel eight inches inside me.

"I'm sure it will do the trick," she said.

"I hope so," I said.

"Can I help you with anything else?"

"Um, is Carter here?" I asked sheepishly, assuming she'd know why I would ask that.

"He's in the back room," she said. "I'll let him know you're here to see him."

"Thank you," I said, not seeing anything in her demeanor to indicate she had any clue why I was asking for him.

She went into the back room, returned a moment later and said, "You may go back now."

"Thank you," I said.

"I'll hold this for you at the till," she said, graciously taking the toy from me.

"Thank you," I repeated, as I returned to yesterday's scene of the crime.

"Right at five, you must be pretty eager," he said.

"This is on my way home from work," I said, although truthfully it was more like twenty minutes out of the way.

"Well, get to work," he ordered.

I walked over to him, dropped before him, fished out his cock, and went to work. My goal for today was to take at least eight inches into my mouth.

"Today, I want you to take your time," he said.

"Yes, Master," I nodded, as I admired his cock, which was completely flaccid.

"Get him hard first," he ordered.

"Yes, Master," I repeated, as I swirled my tongue around his thick cock head. Appreciating the idea of his cock being referred to with a male pronoun.

"Lick your way down the shaft," he instructed, "and go to my balls."

"Yes, Master," I said, slithering down his thick shaft with my tongue before reaching his big black bag. Fuck, even his bag was impressive. So dark. And undoubtedly full of cock cum.

I wasn't really sure what to do, so I just licked the bag, which had a strange texture and seemed delicate.

"Suck each ball into your mouth and stimulate it," he instructed me.

I was tentative, as I didn't want to hurt him or bring him discomfort in any way. It was awkward as I took the bag into my mouth and felt around for a ball.

Once I found one, I was shocked by how big it was.

Hard, and yet soft.

"That's it, bathe my balls in that cock sucking mouth of yours," he said, making me feel a little better that I was doing something right.

I licked.

I sucked gently.

I swirled my tongue around for a bit.

I went back and forth between balls.

I did this for two or three minutes before he ordered, "Now get back up here and suck me, faggot."

I eagerly licked my way back up the black shaft and put it into my mouth.

"Nice and slow, faggot," he ordered.

I obeyed, slowly bobbing.

"You faggots need to show us black men how much you love our cocks," Carter said, after a couple minutes of my slow bobbing.

He pulled his saliva-coated cock out of my mouth and I said without hesitation, "I want to suck your black cock every time you need me."

"You didn't mention it's big," he said.

"Sorry, I should have said your big black cock," I corrected.

"What are you?" He said.

"A bimbo cock sucking faggot for any black cock," I declared, oddly meaning it, even though I must have parroted that same phrase hundreds of times back when I was still doing those hypno-sissy sessions.

"Any? I'll make that happen soon," he promised, as he slid his cock back in my mouth and slowly face fucked me.

It's crazy how the two similar acts could be so different.

When I was sucking, I was in control.

When he was face fucking me, he was in control.

The things the same were that I was on my knees, his cock was in my mouth, I was determined to get his load, and he was determined to give it to me.

Both styles turned me on.

Both made my clitty tingle in the tight cage.

The first load on the weekend at the hotel was splattered all over my face, his second load was shot inside Joan's pussy resulting in a delicious cream pie, the third was deposited in my mouth yesterday to savour, and this load was about to be shot down my throat.

"Take my load, sissy," he grunted a couple minutes into the face fucking.

The cum erupted into my mouth and slid down my throat, as rope after rope ejected from his pulsing cock.

"Such a good faggot," he groaned, as he finished spewing his load in me... slowing down.

I hated that it was almost over.

The cum was in my belly.

The pace was slowing down.

He pulled out a moment later and said, "Good job, cock sucker."

"Thanks," I said, licking his cock, where a drip of cum remained.

"I'll text you if I need a faggot to face fuck," he said.

"Please do," I responded absurdly, hoping I'd be having his cock back in my mouth very soon.

The truth was, I was already completely addicted to his cock and his cum.

He left the room.

I followed.

Paid Anna for my new toy.

Returned home.

I called Joan. We chatted. I recapped my two cock sucking adventures, and my misadventure trying to fuck myself yesterday. She told me to call her once I was ready for my pussy to get fucked by a big black dick... her words. She also told me to put the medium-sized plug in my ass right now, to gape myself for tonight.

So, around eight-thirty I called her.

She ordered, "Get undressed."

"Already am," I said.

"Me too," she said, before adding, "except for some black thigh highs."

"Mmmmmmm," I moaned, picturing her in said nylons.

"Is the cock already on the wall?"

"It is," I said. "And generously lubricated."

"Good girl," she said. "I have that toy you bought me, slowly teasing my pussy."

"Nice," I said, her soft moan turning me on.

"Get on all fours," she ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," I said.

"Back up to the toy," she ordered.

"I should probably take the plug out of my pussy," I replied, as I set my phone to speaker.

"Yes, you should," she agreed.

I pulled the plug out of me, making a loud popping sound as it left me. I then backed up to the narrower black cock.

"Now slowly back up onto that big black cock," she ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, although I had to shift my body around a bit to find the proper angle.

Unlike yesterday, this time with the help of the butt plug, and this toy's lesser girth, the cock slid inside me rather easily. I moaned, "Ooooooh."

"Your pussy full, my little slut?"

"Yes," I moaned, as I pushed myself backwards until the entire cock was inside me.

"This weekend you're going to have Carter's ten-inch thick snake pounding that pussy," she said.

"Oh," I moaned, the idea a complete turn on, as tonight I got used to eight inches inside me.

"Now slowly fuck yourself," she ordered. "Get that pussy nice and ready for Carter's big black cock."

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, as I began to slowly fuck myself... this a new surreal experience.

"Take that big black cock," she ordered with a moan.

"Oh yes, I love this big black cock fucking my cunt," I moaned, as I took all eight inches, feeling a thrill as my ass cheeks actually touched the wall with my backward movements.

"How bad do you want a real big black cock in your pussy?" she asked.

"So bad," I moaned, as I kept fucking myself.

"Faster, slut," she ordered, as I could hear the buzzing of the toy on her end.

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, as I began to bounce on the cock, easily taking all eight inches deep inside me.

"Fuck yourself, you silly slut," she ordered.

"Oh yes, fuck," I moaned, as my caged clitty was desperately trying to rouse itself, but couldn't force its way past the bronze ceiling, and it was painful when it tried.

"Harder, slut," she moaned, her own sounds implying she was close herself.

"Oh yes, Mistress," I whimpered, bouncing on the black cock like a bimbo slut as I tried to position myself to stimulate my prostate.

"Oh yes, I can't wait to watch Carter fuck your cunt and breed you with his cum," she continued.

"Yes," I moaned, knowing if I wasn't caged, I'd be spewing a load or two all over my bedroom floor, although I could feel pre-cum oozing from my clitty.

"Oh yes, fuck, this toy," she moaned, and then screamed.

"Yes," I moaned, loving to hear her come, as I finally found the perfect position to stimulate my prostate.

"Don't stop fucking yourself," she ordered.

"No, Mistress," I moaned as I bounced on the cock furiously, imagining it was Carter's cock as I drove myself wild, stimulating my prostate.

A couple minutes later she said, "I've got to go. I'm preparing a present for you."

"You are?" I asked, slowing down.

"I'll have it ready for you in a couple of days," she said, and then hung up.

Unable to come, I eventually stopped fucking myself, and cleaned up... my caged clitty aching as I saw a lot of pre-cum clinging to the cage and splattered on the floor. I scooped up the tiny puddle from the floor and ate it. I also scooped up the little bit on the cage and licked that up... as pre-cum was beginning to be my only reward to pleasure... a constant reminder of my role in life being not only a sissy, but having my pleasure completely controlled by Joan.

God, I wanted Carter's cock in my mouth again.

God, I wanted to taste Carter's load in my mouth.

As I got ready for bed, I suddenly wasn't feeling all that well.

Hopefully, a good night's sleep would fix that.

TUESDAY

Not much to say... I woke up not feeling well at all.

I called in sick.

Joan surprised me by having soup delivered to me at lunchtime and suppertime.

God, she was a sweet girlfriend.

WEDNESDAY

I still wasn't feeling great.. but a bit better, so I went to work.

I was just getting out of a meeting, when my phone buzzed. It was Carter: Hungry?

I texted back, my clitty instantly tingling: Always.

He texted back: I'll be at Rockers Cafe at noon in the last bathroom stall.

That startled me. That was a restaurant only a couple blocks from my office. Noon was in twenty minutes. This adventure seemed substantially more risky than serving him at the adult store. A few of my colleagues went to this restaurant regularly... it being an amazing family-owned Italian restaurant. Delicious Italian food, plenty of it, and reasonable prices, even with the generous tips almost everyone wanted to give.

Yet I responded, ignoring my fear and the risk, as my hunger for cock, black cock, overrode my common sense: I'll be there.

So I sent off a few emails and headed for dessert before lunch... my mouth watering, and my clitty stimulated for the first time since Monday.

I got to the cafe, saw the line was already getting long to order food, and went directly to the bathroom. A mixture of excitement and anxiety was coursing through me... as usual.

The bathroom was empty thank goodness, and I went directly to the last stall. Carter was there on his phone.

I closed the door, locked it, and noticed that the stall walls went almost all the way to the floor. We'd be relatively private.

He grunted, "Get sucking, faggot. I don't have a lot of time."

I dropped to my knees, fished out his cock, and got to work. It had only been a couple days since I'd last sucked his cock, but it seemed like forever.

God, I loved his cock.

I loved being on my knees.

I loved having his cock in my mouth.

I bobbed for a couple minutes, before the door to the bathroom opened.

I froze.

"Keep sucking," Carter ordered, thankfully not loud enough to be heard by anyone else.

So I did... wanting his cum... wanting his load.

I kept bobbing... taking almost eight inches of his cock in my mouth. Getting better and better at sucking his cock.

He didn't warn me as the door opened again just as he spewed his load in my mouth.

I swallowed it all, wishing I could savour it more, like I had that first time at the store.

Once he was done he pulled out, put his dick away, and strolled out without another word.

I quickly closed the door behind him and locked it, unsure whether the bathroom was empty.

I waited five minutes before I headed out and got in line and ordered lunch... his delicious aftertaste lingering in my mouth.

That night Joan called, and said I needed to practice sucking dick too. I took the ten-inch cock that I still couldn't fit into my pussy, which was similar to Carter's size, and I practiced sucking on it for a few minutes. But then I recalled that I also needed to continue preparing my pussy for Carter's ten-inch cock... and that appointment was only three days away!

So I looked through my gradually expanding toy kit and examined the largest of the three butt plugs in the starter kit, and realized that although it had appeared impossibly large last week, it was just about as thick as my Carter-sized dildo, although it was far shorter. So I lubed it up, held it in place on a wooden chair, and by sitting down on it quite forcefully, I managed to squeeze it inside my cunt! It hurt like the dickens at first, but within ten minutes or so that had receded to only mildly uncomfortable. So I left it inside me and returned to practicing oral on the Carter-sized dick, giving that task my full attention, and letting the butt plug take care of itself.

I persevered for almost three hours... gagging a lot while my throat struggled to accustom itself to the invader... until I finally took all ten inches in my mouth! I got the same rush when I deep throated that ten inches, as I had on the day I scored the winning goal in the league finals way back in grade eight.

I called Joan and reported excitedly, "It took me a while to get there, but I managed to get all ten inches in without gagging."

"Good girl," she said.

"AND... I did it with that largest butt plug in my cunt for the entire three hours."

"WOW! Well done!"

"Thanks," I said, unsure what else to say.

"I'll be sending you that special gift tomorrow night," she said.

"I can't wait."

"You'll love it."

"Any hints?"

"Well... you'll be returning to where this all started."

"That's very intriguingly vague."

"It is, isn't it?"

We chatted for a few more minutes before saying goodnight.

9. HYPNO SISSY SURPRISE

THURSDAY

The day flew by... a crazily busy one... my health was back to full strength... and no call from Carter.

I couldn't help but wonder every time I had a free moment, what Joan's surprise was.

After supper, Joan texted: I'm going out with some colleagues tonight... but your gift is ready. Check your email and have fun.

I texted back: Have fun yourself!

She responded: You too.

I went to my computer and checked my email.

I clicked on the one from Joan and read it.

SISSY SLUT,

Do exactly as I order you... in the order I say. Don't read ahead.

1. Get undressed and put the plug in your pussy. Since you were so successful last night, make it the large one again.

I did as instructed... taking a bit of time first to lube the toy.

I returned to the email and read number two

2. Put some pantyhose on.

I did that too.

3. Click on the link and have fun.

I sat down forgetting the big plug was in my ass, and yelped a bit as I clicked on the link.

It went to Pornhub.

It was a sissy video called BBC Sissy Training.

A video I hadn't seen before.

I pressed Play.

A cute blonde was sucking a big black cock, when a voice spoke: This is your purpose... sissy.

My eyes went wide open.

Not at the clip of the blonde sucking cock... although it was hot.

Nor of the words that were spoken... although they were true.

But the voice... the voice... it was... it was... Joan!

The clip switched to a Latina bouncing back on a BBC as Joan... my Joan... said: This is what you want, sissy.

Her voice sounded so sultry.

My clitty burned with confined lust.

The next clip had a petite Asian getting spit roasted: This is what you need, sissy.

Sissy videos had always turned me on... but hearing Joan's voiceover on the clips was a whole new level of erotic.

The next clip had a redheaded cheerleader being splattered by three simultaneous loads of cum being shot from three BBCs: You crave black cock and cum, sissy.

I'd loved the first facial I'd received in the hotel, so the idea of a bukkake... a BBC bukkake... was very exciting.

A clip of a skinny brunette bouncing on a fat BBC: This is your version of a workout, sissy.

I doubted I could possibly do what she was doing, I wasn't remotely that flexible. Although the idea of taking a cock that deep in my pussy was very stimulating.

Scene of two girls surrounded by black men stroking their cocks: This is something you and your Mistress can do together, sissy.

The idea of Joan and me taking on a dozen black cocks together was the ultimate fantasy.

One I hoped we could make into a reality one day soon.

A girl in pigtails was being violently face fucked: All good sissies love getting face fucked by BBC.

I'd already experienced a face fucking, nothing quite as extreme as the one in the video, and had indeed loved it.

A clip of a ponytailed gymnast bouncing on a cock in her ass: All good sissies can take big black cock in their cunts.

Soon... I thought... very soon.

A clip of a chubby teacher bent over a desk getting reamed from behind: All good sissies take big black cock any time... any place.

The idea of Carter bending me over my desk at work... way after hours of course... was a major turn-on.

A clip of a blonde sucking a BBC slowly: All good sissies were born to worship big... black... cock.

Hearing Joan's voice saying these hot, nasty things added to the hotness of this presentation times infinity.

My clitty was desperately trying to break free from the shackles of metallic discipline.

My body was on fire.

I paused the video.

Caught my breath.

Took a few minutes to calm down somewhat.

Resumed the video.

The format changed, as she said: Say after me.

A picture of a girl on her knees: My place is on my knees.

"My place is on my knees," I repeated.

A picture of a girl on her knees sucking BBC: My place is on my knees sucking big... black... cock.

"My place is on my knees sucking big... black... cock."

God, did I need a big black cock.

A picture of a girl on her knees getting drilled doggy style: My place is on my knees having my pussy filled with big... black... cock.

"My place is on my knees having my pussy filled with big... black... cock."

God, my clitty was aching with need.

I paused the video again and went and found the eight-inch suction cup dildo. I placed it vertically on my chair, lubed it up, and slowly lowered myself onto it... the plug I'd just removed from my ass having my pussy already gaping and ready for more.

The black cock all the way inside my pussy, I pressed Play.

A clip of a girl on her knees getting spit-roasted: My place is on my knees servicing big black cock in both of my slut holes.

"My place is on my knees servicing big black cock in both of my slut holes."

God, I wanted to feel black cocks filling both of my holes as I began slowly to ride the black cock. I was surprised that it felt more comfortable than the plug had.

A shot of a girl taking a facial: My place is on my knees, taking a BBC's dominant seed all over my sissy face.

"My place is on my knees, taking a BBC's dominant seed all over my sissy face."

God, I wanted a big load all over my face.

A picture of a girl with a wide open mouth, as cum from a BBC spewed into it: My place is on my knees, catching a yummy load of a black man's cum.

"My place is on my knees, catching a yummy load of a black man's cum."

God, I wanted to catch a load in my mouth and to savour the sweet creamy cum, as I began lifting my body up a couple of inches, and then dropping back down onto the fake dick... wishing it was the real thing.

A picture of a girl taking multiple loads all over her pretty face: My place is on my knees, taking dozens of loads of cum from my black Masters.

"My place is on my knees, taking dozens of loads of cum from my black Masters."

God, I wanted to be the centerpiece of a BBC bukkake.

The clips began changing rapidly as she continued: I'm a sissy.

"I'm a sissy," I agreed, fucking myself.

I'm a cock sucker.

"I'm a cock sucker."

I have a pussy.

"I have a pussy," I declared as I fucked myself.

I have a cunt.

"I have a cunt," I bellowed into my empty house, as I bounced on the cock in my cunt like a bimbo slut, my poor little caged clitty bouncing around helplessly.

I'm a faggot.

"I'm a faggot."

I crave BBC.

"I crave BBC."

I crave cum.

"I crave cum."

I'm a sissy.

"I'm a sissy," I moaned, burning with lust.

I'm a sissy.

"I'm a sissy."

I'm a sissy.

"I'm a sissy," I declared yet again, as I proved it to myself by fucking myself with eight inches of black dick.

The video ended.

I sat down on the cock and was actually able to feel restful there.

God, that was the hottest thing I'd ever watched.

God, I loved Joan.

I watched the video a dozen more times that night... riding that cock like it was part of me... but never able to come.

The cage keeping me from coming in buckets.

That said, there was a puddle of pre-cum on my chair, as well as a long string of pre-cum dangling down from the cage.

I scooped it up, ate it, and then texted Joan: That was amazing!!!

Unfortunately, she didn't reply back.

So, I took a cold, cold shower.

10. GLORYHOLE SURPRISE

FRIDAY

All day Friday, I was a horny mess.

I wanted Carter to text me for a quick blow job.

I wanted to go home and watch the sissy video narrated by Joan... Over and over.

I needed cock.

I needed cum.

I needed to be fucked.

I needed to come.

And although I didn't experience all of that on Friday night, I got half of it.

I was just leaving for the day, another work week done, finishing up some last-minute shit as I was still catching up on some things from having missed Tuesday, when I got a big surprise.

A text from Joan: Done with work yet?

I replied: Just finished actually.

She responded: Good. I have a stop I need you to make for me.

I responded: Sure. What do you need?

She texted back: Go to this address and text me when you get there.

I asked: What is it?

She responded: Just go and I'll explain once you are there.

I replied: Okay.

I packed up, went to my car and typed the address into my phone... it was at the college. It was then I recalled Carter talking about a gloryhole men's bathroom. Instantly I was excited, yet that was tamed by the reality Joan wasn't with me, and she'd made it clear we did everything together... the only exception being I could suck Carter's cock whenever.

Fifteen minutes later, I was there.

I texted, as I was in a parking lot near a few large buildings: I'm here.

She responded: Go inside the Engineering Building and I'll give you further instructions.

I kind of felt like I was Ethan Hunt on a Mission Impossible adventure. Was she sending me to a gloryhole sex bathroom without her? Yes, I wanted more black cock, but I really needed her beside me.

On my own, I was full of insecurity; with her, I was filled with bravery.

I walked inside and was about to text her, when she appeared right in front of me.

I stammered, surprised to see her; she wasn't coming back until tomorrow, "J-J-Joan, w-w-what are you doing here?"

"I was hoping for a better reception that that," she complained. Dressed in a blue blouse, black skirt, black nylons and heels, she looked amazing, as usual.

"I'm really happy to see you, as a matter of fact a moment ago, I was longing for you to be here," I explained. "I'm just completely flabbergasted!"

"I skipped the closing banquet so I could come home early and surprise you," she explained, giving me a hug.

"Well consider me surprised," I replied.

"Ready to go have some chocolate?"

"Always," I agreed, excited to have her back by my side... feeling so much more comfortable now that she was with me again.

"I've been craving a big black cock all week," she said, as she took my hand and led me to the elevator.

"Me too," I replied, but then added, with a sly smile, "although I did get a couple of delicious chocolate snacks this week."

"Fucking slut," she teased, as the elevator opened.

"For black cock I am," I said, as a black guy walked out.

"Sixth floor," he offered with a smirk, having overheard my declaration.

"You're not going that way yourself?" Joan asked flirtatiously, as she held the elevator door open.

"Sorry, but no; I just dumped my load in some football player's ass," he said.

"Lucky guy," Joan smiled.

"It's pretty busy in there right now; and you two will be very popular," the good-looking black college stud told us.

"Another time then," Joan said, as she pulled me into the elevator, and I stood there in awe.

"I hope so," he said, and strolled away.

The door closed, and Joan pressed the sixth-floor button. "I'd happily fuck him."

"Me too," I responded, still in awe, not only because she was back, and from the crazy conversation that had just happened, but also by how comfortable I felt about saying such things.

"Tomorrow your pussy gets pounded by Carter," she said and added, "today is cock sucking 101."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, my caged clitty excited, and I could already feel pre-cum oozing out of it. The idea of sucking a different black cock was intriguing as hell. I asked, "And you?"

"I plan to suck some BBC with you," she said primly, as we reached the sixth floor. She added, after a pause, "And maybe get fucked by a dick or two."

"Only one or two?" I smiled as we exited the elevator, hand in hand.

"Give or take a dozen," she shrugged, as we approached the men's bathroom.

"Do we just walk in?" I asked... black cock hopefully just beyond this door.

"Why not?" she shrugged.

"It's a guys' bathroom," I pointed out.

"I've been in guys' bathrooms before," she said.

"Is there a story there?" I asked.

"More than one; but for another time," she said, striding brazenly into the men's bathroom.

I followed behind her and heard, before I even had a chance to see anything, "Oh yes, fuck my ass."

"Wow," Joan said, seeing it before I did.

I then saw a bulky white college guy who looked like an o-lineman bent over a bathroom sink as a skinny nerdish black guy slammed into him... while two other black guys, still dressed, watched.

"Welcome," one of them said, as I tried not to stare at the live fucking scene before me. The contrasts in colour and size were so dramatic and enthralling.

"Hi," Joan greeted. "My cock sucker and I are both here because we've heard you have some delicious chocolate crème available, if we're willing to work for it."

"Get over here, then," one of the black men said, both of them somewhat nerdy looking.

"You like my big cock, faggot?" The skinny nerd asked the footballer, as he slammed into the big white guy.

The white guy gasped between huffs and puffs, "Yes, I love your big black cock."

"Knees, both of you," the nerd in our camp said, as I couldn't take my eyes off the fucking. From the white guy's unique sounds, he was loving it.

"Come on, sissy," Joan said, "let's do this," tugging my hand and leading us down to our knees before these two black college guys.

On my knees, my submissive persona took over, and I reached up to pull down the rather convenient sweats he was wearing.

Joan did the same thing to her nerd.

Soon I was staring at an already hard eight-inch black cock. Curious, I glanced over and saw Joan's guy was a little more endowed at around nine inches, and a little thicker. Both, of course, were substantially larger than my pathetic little penis.

"Nice cock," Joan said, as she reached up and stroked it.

"Yeah, what a nice cock," I agreed, as I did the same to the one before me.

"You two married?" the one I was stroking asked.

"Boyfriend and girlfriend," I answered.

"Mistress and sissy," Joan corrected me.

"And that," I agreed, feeling my cheeks go red at the clarification.

"Hot," the other guy said, as Joan opened her mouth and took his black cock in her mouth.

I did the same, excited by this new experience of us both sucking cock simultaneously... side by side.

Behind me, the inexplicable sounds from the white guy echoed throughout the tiled room, turning me on. Somehow it sounded hotter even than the moans that could come from a woman in the throes of passion.

"Fuck, I love your big black dick," the big guy grunted, the best description I could give.

"What would your cheerleader girlfriend think if she saw you now?" the nerd asked.

"She'd probably bend over and beg for your big dick," the white guy answered, as I couldn't help but wonder how he'd ended up bent over and getting his ass fucked. Perhaps he was like me... curious. Lucky guy. He'd discovered his natural place as a faggot for BBC while he was still young, and had his college career available to explore so much black cock.

"That's it, nice and slow," the guy Joan was sucking moaned.

"Yeah, show us how much you two love black cock," my guy said.

"You want me to fuck your girlfriend, faggot?" the nerd across the way asked, clearly reveling in the power role reversal. He'd likely been bullied his entire life by bigger guys... likely white guys... and now he was getting his sweet revenge.

"No, but she probably couldn't resist it," the white guy answered, sounding both ashamed and turned on at the same time. He then added, "I sure can't."

"No, you can't get enough black cock, can you?" The nerd continued his public humiliation.

"No, I'll take it over pussy any day," the large man (who could break this nerd in two without breaking a sweat), declared... the shame I'd thought I heard now gone. Like me, black cock seemed to supersede everything else for him.

"Go to his bag," Joan ordered me, as I tried to multitask by slowly sucking the cock before me, while also listening to the hot fucking and nasty humiliation going on behind me.

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, as I took the black cock out of my mouth, and slithered my tongue down his pulsing shaft to his big black balls.

"Lick the ball sac," she ordered, as she did the same to hers.

I copied her action.

"Do you want your ass filled with my cum, faggot?" The nerd asked.

"Oh yes, fill my fucking asshole with your dominant seed," the white guy groaned, sounding like he might come at any moment himself.

"Get ready faggot, as I breed you," the nerd said, his voice even in this dominant role sounding a little high pitched and nerdy.

"Yes, yes, come in my ass, breed your white faggot," the white guy huffed.

"Here it comes, faggot," the nerd declared.

"Yes, fuck," the white guy moaned, sounding way more feminine than any guy that size likely ever would in any other scenario.

As I licked the big ball sac, the guy I was licking chuckled, making his bag bounce a little, "Shit, the faggot just came all over the place from getting ass fucked."

"That's called a sissy orgasm," Joan said.

"Does your sissy have sissy orgasms?" The guy she was sucking asked.

"Just one so far," she said. "Although that could be because I usually have his tiny pathetic cock caged."

"No way," the guy whose balls I was licking said.

"Oh yeah, I own his little clitty," she said.

"Let's see," her guy said.

"Show them, Erica," Joan ordered, as my cheeks burned in utter humiliation.

I stood up, suddenly feeling Incredibly self-conscious, and undid my belt.

"You keep that cum in your ass all night, is that understood, faggot?" the nerd ordered, as I glanced back to see the white guy bent over with cum leaking out of his ass, and the nerd turned towards me, and I got a glimpse of his massive ten-plus inch cock.

"Holy shit," I said by accident, as I stared at the massive black dick.

"Yeah, don't judge a book by its cover," he gloated, as he put it away.

"Actually Sir, would you mind if my sissy eats your cum out of the other faggot's asshole?" Joan asked politely.

"Sure, why not?" he shrugged.

"Eat that ass, Erica," Joan ordered. I wasn't too excited about eating a white asshole, but I was eager to gulp down some black cum (and always to obey Joan), so I turned around, moved to the large guy, spread his ass cheeks apart, and licked the cum from his asshole.

"Shit, you have quite the slut there," one of our pair said.

"She'll obey every order I give without hesitation," Joan said, as I probed the asshole for cum.

"So hot," someone agreed.

"Now get back over here sissy, and show us your cage," the guy I'd been servicing ordered.

"Yes, sorry," I said, the nerd's huge cock no longer within sight to distract me. I turned back around and dropped my pants.

"Pantyhose too," the guy laughed. "Shit, you really have him trained."

"Her," Joan corrected.

"So, does he get to fuck you?" The guy she was servicing asked.

"Rarely; he can't get me off with his baby dick," Joan answered, knowing that although she was denigrating me... this was the kind of humiliation that turned me on.

I added, shame again no longer an emotion worth having, "Only big black cock can satisfy her."

"And toys," Joan added.

"Well, good news," the one I was servicing said. "We have a couple of flesh and blood toys right here, and we've already painted them black for you!"

Joan said, with a coy playful smile, "Why yes, you certainly do."

She walked over to the counter that was suddenly empty, the white guy having left during this brief humiliation, and said, "One of you come and fuck me from behind, while the other hops on the counter beside me, and gets sucked by me and the sissy."

"Fucking hot," my guy said, as he walked over to the counter and hopped onto it. His cock was saluting her as she moved in front of him.

"Erica, hop onto the counter and suck his cock while I worship his balls," she ordered, as the other guy moved behind her, pulling down her skirt to reveal a garter-belt and stockings and, of course, no panties.

"Fuck, you're a hot little slut," the guy said as he slid inside her from behind.

"Then fuck me like one," she moaned, "the one thing you shouldn't do is hold back... give me everything you've got!" as she winked at me and moved her face to the other guy's balls.

I climbed onto the counter, which was quite awkward, what with my pants still around my ankles, as I didn't want to take my shoes off in a bathroom... I know how ironic and a little redundant that was, since I was sucking strangers' dicks.

"Oh yes, fuck my pussy with that big black dick," Joan moaned, as the guy slammed into her from behind, while she also seemed to be sucking the other guy's balls into her mouth.

I finally got into a somewhat comfortable position, or at least as comfortable as this was going to get, then I lowered my head towards his cock and took it in my mouth.

"Oh yes, you two worship my dick," the guy groaned.

Each time I'd sucked Carter, I'd been on my knees... this was a completely different position, which resulted in a very different angle, and as I was discovering, was more of a challenge.

"Oh yes, Erica," Joan moaned, "suck that cock while his friend fucks my cunt."

"Does he like watching you get fucked by black dick?" the guy fucking her asked.

"She loves it," she answered, stopping just short of saying, 'Get it right!'

"Wild," he said, this seemingly not something they'd witnessed before.

"Her main purpose in life is to make sure I'm sexually satisfied," Joan explained, as her moans were already increasing.

"Fucking crazy," the guy I was sucking added.

"Wow," another voice said. "This is new!"

"They're boyfriend and girlfriend," the guy fucking Joan said, and I realized how wild this was to be sucking a nameless stranger's cock while his buddy pounded her... and now we had a spectator.

"Shit," the guy said. "Faggot, get over here and suck me."

Joan gave me leave, saying, "Go ahead, sissy. I'll take care of these two fine gentlemen."

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, a little happy to get out of this awkward position, and back into my more comfortable and natural position on my knees.

I sat up and watched as Joan took the cock in her mouth, and was now getting spit-roasted.

I then looked towards the voice to see a very tall black guy, almost seven feet, in athletic gear and sweaty, standing there.

"Well, hurry up faggot, I don't got all day," he grumbled.

I hopped off the counter and stumbled to the floor, as my pants down around my knees threw me off balance.

"Get those pants off sissy, so we can see your pantyhose-wearing sissy self," the guy ordered.

"Now, slut," Joan ordered, as she moaned.

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, getting out of my shoes and pants, and dropping before the black stud and fishing out his cock.

"Oh yes, fuck my cunt," Joan moaned, clearly enjoying the hard, unrestrained fucking she'd asked for and now was getting. "Suck that cock, baby."

"Keep sucking, slut," her other guy ordered.

"Great cock," I said, as I admired the semi-erect black cock.... which was only about eight inches long, surprising for someone that tall, but the thickest I'd ever seen. It felt so heavy as I rested it in my hand.

"Suck it," he ordered.

I took it in my mouth and began swirling my tongue around, as I cupped his balls to get him completely erect, which only took fifteen or twenty seconds... as it stretched my mouth unnaturally... his natural scent intoxicating.

I said, "This is the fattest cock I've ever seen."

"Thanks," he said, as I returned to worshipping the black cannon, in awe of the salty taste of sweat.

"Get ready for my load," the guy I'd been sucking earlier warned Joan.

I was jealous... I'd gotten his cock all nice and ready, and now Joan was receiving the creamy cum I craved. Fuck, I was pathetic to have such an attitude.

"Here it comes," he said before he grunted, and assumedly shot his load down my girl's velvet throat.

"Oh yeah, she's quite the slut," the owner of my newest cock said.

"Oh yes, pound my pussy and fuck my sissy's face," Joan said, her mouth no longer occupied.

"Shit," I want a go at her," the guy in my mouth said.

"Sure, I'll just finish in her faggot's mouth," the guy pounding my girl's pussy offered generously.

The really tall guy pulled out of my mouth, and a few seconds later, a glistening-with-pussy-wetness cock was being offered to me. It was nine inches or so, and looked so deliciously appetizing with Joan's pussy juice all over it.

I opened wide and sucked Joan's wetness off the big black cock, really enjoying the taste and the scent, that was obviously captured in the guy's pubes.

"Holy fuck, your cock is like a fat, heat-seeking missile," Joan moaned loudly, as the tall guy obviously filled her pussy.

"Such a tight cunt," he said.

"What do you expect, when my guy's dick quit growing when he was five?" Joan wickedly criticized my equipment.

All three guys laughed, but the guy I was now sucking said, "Harsh."

"But true," I replied, quickly taking his big cock out of my mouth so I could defend my Mistress.

"You're a lucky guy," he noticed with uncanny perception, as I began bobbing on his cock, sensing his hard fucking of my girlfriend had him already bubbling inside.

"Come all over her face," Joan suggested. "She loves to be coated by real men and their dominant cum."

"I can do that," the guy chuckled as I bobbed, my clitty instantly tingling with anticipation of his load of cum all over my face.

"Oh god, I love your big black fat cock in my cunt," Joan moaned, her orgasm sounding to be on the rise quickly.

"Yeah, all you white bitches love it," he said.

"I'll suck and get fucked by black cock all fucking day," Joan declared, as I listened to her increased moans of ecstasy...moans I could never provoke in her.

"Shit, she's so hot," the guy I was sucking said.

"I'll see ya for poker tonight," the guy who'd already come said.

"For sure," the guy I was still sucking agreed.

"It would be good to have a cock sucker under the table all night, servicing the winner of each hand."

Joan didn't even hesitate, "My cock sucker will eagerly do that, if I can play."

"You play poker?" the guy asked.

"Usually it's poke her," Joan said wickedly, I imagine pointing at me as she said it.

"Fucking amazing," the tall guy fucking her roared.

"You're in," the other guy said.

"No, you and your friends will be in," Joan said wickedly.

"Dorm room 412. Nine o'clock."

"We'll be there," Joan said.

"Can't wait," he responded.

As I listened, the guy suddenly pulled out of my mouth and spewed his load all over my face without any warning at all.

Definitely not enough time to close my eyes, and the first rope landed directly in my left eye.

I closed my eyes and said, wanting to make sure Joan knew what was happening, "Yes Sir, come all over my faggot face."


"Yes, cover my sissy's face," Joan moaned, as her own orgasm seemed imminent.

"Come all over my dick, you dumb slut," the guy fucking Joan ordered., as rope after rope splattered my face.

"Oh yes, call me dirty names," Joan moaned, getting as turned on at being treated like a bimbo slut as I did.

"Come now, you nigger loving cum slut," the guy said, as the guy slid his cock back in my mouth, just as I gasped at his use of the forbidden 'N' word.

"Oh yes, I love being a bimbo slut for nigger cock," Joan declared loudly, hearing her use the word never to be spoken by a white person, making my clitty rage.

"Now, you dumb white slut, come right fucking now," he ordered, as the guy pulled out of my mouth.

"YES!" Joan screamed, as she was obviously coming. I hoped the bathroom was soundproof, or else anyone who was trying to study, read or work, was likely now aware of the deviant fucking going on in the bathroom.

I stood up, and the guy I'd just finished with noticed, "Shit, you have pre-cum all over your pantyhose."

"Sucking black cock gets me so horny," I said, sounding as pathetic as I could possibly be.

"Well, there's always cock available here," he offered.

"Want my cum up your white cunt?" the tall guy asked, as he slammed into Joan so hard their bodies meeting echoed in rawness.

"Oh yes, fill my cunt with your cum, and my sissy will clean it all up," Joan declared, as he kept pounding her, and she continued coming.

"Yes, fill my Mistress with your cum," I agreed, as I scooped cum off my face and ate it.

"Oh yes, cum in my white cunt, breed this bitch," Joan said, looking into the mirror and making eye contact with me.

"Get ready," the guy grunted, and spewed his load inside my girlfriend's pussy.

"Yes, fill my cunt right up," Joan moaned, all the while grinning at me.

"Yes, fill her cunt with your yummy cum," I chimed in, continuing to sound as pathetic as I possibly could.

He kept spewing inside her as I watched his beautiful black body fuck her from behind, and I wondered what that would feel like.

He pulled out a moment later, and I instantly dropped down behind her and buried my face in her leaking, cum-filled cunt.

I eagerly lapped up that cream pie as Joan moaned, "Yes, get all that baby-making juice out of my fertile cunt."

Somehow the idea of pregnancy hadn't even popped into my head, even though it should have been obvious. I attacked her pussy with even more ferocity, sucking the cum out of her cunt with desperate hunger and determination.

"Shit, this is a new one," a deep new voice said.

"Hey, Vance," one of the guys said.

"I'm assuming the faggot is eating a cream pie," Vance said.

"He sure is," Joan moaned.

"Well, this is going to be fun," Vance said.

"Enjoy the couple," someone said.

"I will," Vance agreed, as I lapped up the creamy cream pie.

Joan asked, "Can we suck your big black cock together?"

"You sure may," Vance said, in a deep voice.

Joan pushed my head away and said, "Go get that cock, Erica."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, wanting this guy to know our hierarchy.

"Mistress," Vance laughed, as I realized we were all alone with him now.

"He's also my caged sissy," Joan said, as she knelt beside me, just as I pulled down his sweats.

"Shit," Vance chuckled deeply, as I took his already hard cock in my hand. Nine inches or so.

"What a nice cock," Joan said.

"Yeah, so big and black," I said, as I licked the shaft.

"Suck on his balls," Joan ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," I obeyed, moving down to his ball sac.

"And I'll work this beautiful member," Joan said, as she took it in her mouth.

"Oh fuck, yeah," Vance moaned, as he received our double pleasure.

I sucked each big ball into my mouth, while trying to see Joan bob on his glorious cock.

"Yeah you two, keep it up," Vance moaned.

For a couple minutes I just went back and forth between the two balls, until Vance ordered, "Faggot, crawl behind me and eat my asshole."

"Yes, Sir," I replied, showing him respect, even though he was a decade plus younger than I was, but stopping short of calling him master.

"Sir, so rich," he chuckled, as I crawled around and stared at his tight black ass.

"Eat his ass, sissy," Joan ordered, "his butt isn't an exhibition in an art gallery," as I pulled apart his firm ass cheeks and licked his asshole.

"That's it, faggot," Vance moaned, "get your tongue right up in there."

"Yes, Sir," I repeated, as I licked the sweet sweat from his asshole.

I couldn't see Joan at all, but could hear the sensual sounds of her sucking.

For a few minutes I licked his asshole... probing it with my tongue, while Joan worked over his cock.

Vance said, "Get ready for my load, slut."

Joan said, "Shoot that load in my mouth, so I can share it with my sissy."

"Oh yes," he groaned, just before I felt his ass cheeks tighten.

I kept licking his asshole for another thirty seconds, before Joan pulled me away from the black asshole and kissed me.

It took a moment before I realized she was shoving his cum in my mouth... we were snowballing.

I took Vance's cum and swallowed it... this being the hottest way yet to get a guy's cum.

We kissed for a couple minutes and when she broke it, we discovered we were totally alone in the room.

"Well, that was fun," I said.

"And more to come," she smiled and then added, "or cum."

"So, we're really going to the party night?" I asked.

"Unless you don't want to," she said.

"I'll go anywhere black cock is available," I said.

"Then we're going," she said. "Let's go get some actual dinner first."

"Sounds great," I smiled as I got up, pulled my pants up, and slipped back in my shoes.

She took my hand and led me out of the bathroom.

It wasn't until we got to the restaurant, a two block's walk away, passing a couple dozen people, that I realized I still had a load of dried cum on my face. Joan refused me permission to cover my face at all while I walked through the crowded restaurant to wash it off. Most people didn't seem to notice, but I did receive about two dozen knowing looks. Once again I experienced the recurring theme of delicious humiliation.

That night under the poker table, I sucked black cock for over two hours, six different cocks, each seven to nine inches in size, swallowing eight loads, taking two on my face, and eating a cream pie from Joan, who only fucked one guy... having offered herself as a grand prize to the overall winner of the night.

As we crashed in my bed, exhausted, my jaw sore, my knees aching, my clitty still leaking, the aftertaste of cum in my mouth, my tummy queasy from swallowing so much cum, I nevertheless couldn't wait until tomorrow.

Tomorrow I'd get a lot less cock... that was true.

But I'd finally get what I was dying to have... a big, black, cock in my ass... my pussy... my cunt.

Tomorrow... tomorrow was the big day.

THE END OF CHAPTER 5

Up next: Erica finally gets the BBC in her pussy she's been craving.

Sissification 101: Ch. 06
Story Info

Eric gets fucked by BBC for 1st time; Joan gets black pussy.
8k words
4.64
26.3k
52
10
PUBLIC BETA

Note: You can change font size, font face, and turn on dark mode by clicking the "A" icon tab in the Story Info Box.

You can temporarily switch back to a Classic Literotica® experience during our ongoing public Beta testing. Please consider leaving feedback on issues you experience or suggest improvements.
Click here
silkstockingslover
silkstockingslover
546 Works
38160 Followers

Sissification 101 Ch 06

Summary: Eric gets fucked by BBC for the first time; Joan gets black pussy.

Thanks to Eric who requested and helped plot this lengthy story.

Recap so far:

Sissification 101 tells the story of Eric, a mid-30s Asian, who has been hiding his sissy side curiosity for years until he is caught in pantyhose watching hypno-sissy porn by a very supportive girlfriend.

Sissification 101 Ch 02 as Eric begins his sissy training by getting his ass trained for cock and his tiny clitty caged by his girlfriend as the hierarchy is established with Joan in control.

Sissification 101 Ch 03 as Eric is pegged for the first time by his girlfriend.

Sissification 101 Ch 04 as Joan rents a hotel room for their first black cock for both of them. Eric(a) sucks his first BBC, gets spit-roasted by Joan's strap-on and takes a facial; Joan then reaches multiple orgasms from Carter's BBC; the scene ends with Eric(a) tasting his first BBC creampie.

Sissification 101 CH 05 as Eric practices his cock sucking on toys and Carter while Joan is gone for the week. Joan returns, and they go together to a gloryhole and enjoy a few black cocks.

Thanks to Tex Beethoven, and Robert or editing

11. ERICA GETS FUCKED

SATURDAY

We were meeting Carter at Joan's place at eight o'clock that evening.

The day included:

-giving Joan a morning orgasm with my tongue

-shaving my entire body (except for the hair on my head)

-a complete anal douching, which felt really unique and turned me on

-my finger- and toenails painted baby blue

-red lingerie for me, with matching stockings and thong

-a gift from Joan: a black wig

So... At seven-thirty we were at Joan's, where she touched up my look with red fuck-me lipstick, blue eyeliner that somewhat matched my nails, as well as my entire face being made up.

She didn't let me see myself until she'd completed my face... put on the wig... and finally said, "Fuck, you're cute."

She turned me around, and I looked in her mirror.

"Wow," I said, feeling... and looking... so sexy, elegant and feminine.

"You might get more looks than I would, if we went to a club," she said before adding, "although you still need tits and heels."

"Yeah, I am a little flat, and my shoes are flats," I agreed.

"I have one more gift for you," she said.

"You didn't have to," I said.

"True, but I did anyway," she said, handing me a giftwrapped box.

I unwrapped the shiny paper and opened the box. It was a butt plug... with imbedded diamonds.

"It's your first article of feminine jewelry," she smiled.

"It's not very feminine," I joked.

"Well, diamonds are a girl's best friend."

"True. Thank you."

"Bend over," she ordered.

"I love when you order me to do that."

She lubed it up, pulled my thong aside, and slid it into me. I moaned as she said, "Just to keep it nice and gaped for Carter's big hammer."

"Yeah, he's going to pound my pussy tonight," I said.

"And take that final virginity," she smiled. "Are you excited about getting your pussy fucked by a real BBC?" Joan asked.

"Yeah, it seems so surreal. A couple weeks ago I was a closeted curious sissy for BBC in fantasy only, and now I'm sucking more black cock than I'm eating meals."

"You've become quite the slut," she agreed.

"Thank you so much for guiding me through this journey," I said, so thankful for her knowledgeable and heartfelt support.

"I love doing it, and I love you," she said, kissing me on the cheek, not wanting to mess my lipstick.

"I love you too," I said.

"I can't wait to watch you take Carter's big dick up your pussy!"

"Me neither," I admitted, it being the last wild taboo remaining to achieve.

She received a text. "Oh my."

"What? He's still coming, right?" I asked, worried he'd changed his mind.

"Yes, but he wants to bring a friend."

"That's okay," I said before adding, "the more the merrier."

"It's a girl."

"Oh," I said, oddly disappointed there wouldn't be two big black cocks for us to service. I asked, "Are you okay with that?" She hadn't ever mentioned having a fantasy of being with a black woman, although her lesbian curiosity was a known quantity.

"Frankly? I don't know," she answered.

"You can decline if you want," I said, although the idea of seeing her between a black woman's legs was kind of hot... although oddly I had no interest in fucking a black woman... or any woman at all who wasn't Joan. It wasn't a racial thing, it was that I was an only-one-woman type of guy. A plethora of black cocks sort of guy, but just one woman. Obviously that didn't go both ways. We were both welcome to play with as many black men as we wanted, especially if the other could be there to watch, or to join in.

"Fuck it, why not?" she shrugged, "These days are all about our exploring new experiences, right?" as she texted him back.

"Absolutely. Ever munched a black pussy?"

"Never," she answered, before she admitted, "although I have entertained the odd fantasy of serving as a pet to a big black woman."

"Big?" I asked.

"Yeah, I don't know why, but black women of the larger variety turn me on," she said. "The huge tits and the big booties. It may also be because some erotica writer I often read created this large black character named Big Rosie, who was renowned for having the best tasting pussy in the greater Boston area. Girls would actually queue up to service her."

"I've read about her," I said, that being one of silkstockingslover's characters, and one of her most popular recurring ones. "Ladies line up for her in the bathroom at some upscale lesbian club."

"Le Chateau Club," Joan nodded.

"Too bad it isn't real," I said.

"For that matter, too bad the Pit isn't real," she added, another location that existed in a few of silkstockingslover's stories, where white women were used by BBC based on the colour they'd chosen for their stockings.

"We should read some of her stories together someday," I suggested, that sounding like a wickedly fun evening.

"We definitely shall," she nodded, as her phone buzzed.

"They'll be here in fifteen," she reported.

"That seems like an eternity," I joked.

"Well, go pee before they get here, and I'm going to go change my outfit a bit, since I'm not going to be the dominant female tonight I thought I was going to be," she said.

"Okay," I nodded, as I headed to the bathroom, and Joan to her bedroom.

A few minutes later, after washing my cage very thoroughly (pissing was a lot more complicated in this new submissive life I was living), Joan came back downstairs. She had been in black nylons, and now she was in white thigh highs... with a sexy as fuck white teddy and a thong.

My caged clitty begged for the liberty to salute my girlfriend's radiance. Alas, all I could do was say, "Wow, you look beautiful."

"I had to make sure I looked hotter than you do," she smiled, looking at me.

"You'll always be hotter than me," I said, thinking how strange it was that this was the conversation we were having.

She shrugged, "We're two hot sluts for BBC."

"And for BBW," I added, thinking of the black woman also coming, although I never actually knew what BBW stood for. Big and black, I assumed.

"Hopefully, BBBW," she said.

"BBBW?" I queried.

"Big... Beautiful... Black... Woman," she explained. "Or sometimes Women, depending."

"Aaaah, I always wondered what that second B stood for," I said.

"Are you ready?" she asked.

"As I'll ever be," I said, a little nervousness mixed in with my abundance of excitement. "You've prepared me very well for this moment."

"I've tried to," she smiled.

Suddenly wanting to show her how much I loved her, and how much I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her, I blurted, "We should move in together."

"What? Really?" she asked, genuinely surprised.

"Yes, I love you with all my heart," I said, taking both of her hands. "And I want to spend as much time as I possibly can with you."

"Well, the commute is inconvenient when I want a face to sit on," she said wickedly.

"Well, and that too," I smiled.

"And I do love you too," she said, changing gears back to sweet as quickly as she'd shifted to nasty.

"And I love waking up with you beside me," I added, pouring on the romance.

"And I do love your fixing me breakfast in bed," she said.

"And I enjoy breakfast in bed too," I agreed.

"Okay, let's do it," she said. "I'm all in."

"Mmmmmm, I love when you're all in," I retorted playfully.

The doorbell rang.

"We'll talk about specifics later," she said. "Right now, you have a BBC to suck and be fucked by."

"God, I love you," I said as she snapped her fingers and pointed to the door. "Yes, Mistress," I replied, switching into submissive mode as I swayed in my girly attire to answer the door. God, if it wasn't Carter and his female friend (whoever she was) on the other side of the door, we were all in for quite the surprise.

Luckily, it was they.

Also luckily, it seemed Joan's BBBW fantasy was about to come true.

"So, this is the fuckin' sissy," a large, big-breasted black woman said, smirking at me.

"It is," Carter nodded, checking me out.

"I really don't understand your fascination with white cross-dressing sissy faggots, when there are thousands of white sluts who'll give up their mouth, pussy and ass for you," the foul-mouthed, large, but also very pretty black woman said, as she shoved her way past me and barged into the house. "Now let me go inspect my merchandise."

I looked back to see the BBBW stalking towards a very nervous Joan. Up until now Joan had been incredibly confident and in control no matter the situation, but just the sight of an abrasive, dominant black woman looming over her (she was at least 6 feet tall to Joan's 5' 7"), and Joan appeared as insecure and nervous as I always was.

Carter walked in too, and I closed the door, excited for my sake, but now a little worried for Joan's.

"Fuck, are you white," the BBBW said, assessing my girlfriend. "Don't you ever go out during the day?"

"I do, ma'am," Joan replied sheepishly, addressing her with formal respect, even though there was no way this black woman was older than twenty-one, and Joan, like I was, was in her mid-thirties.

Carter interjected, "This is my good friend Brandi. Brandi, this is my sissy Erica, and his girlfriend and your pet for the night, Joan."

"Nice to meet you, Brandi," Joan offered nervously.

"You'll address me as ma'am," Brandi said, asserting her dominance immediately. "Is that clear?"

"Yes, ma'am," Joan nodded, placing me in awe of how she could switch so effortlessly from Mistress to submissive. I could only play a single role, but she could smoothly switch between two polar opposite ones.

"Have you eaten nigger pussy before?" Brandi asked.

"No, ma'am," Joan answered.

"But you want to?" Brandi asked.

"Yes, ma'am," my beautiful, but very nervous at the moment, girlfriend answered.

"And you want to watch my friend ass fuck your boyfriend?" Brandi asked, each query clearly meant to humiliate.

Joan, standing her ground a bit, corrected her. "Not precisely. I want to watch Master Carter fuck my slut's virgin pussy, and breed her like the dirty slut she is."

"Shit," Brandi said, impressed, chuckling loudly.

"I told ya," Carter said.

"Well, fuck, I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't heard it with my own ears," Brandi said, as she sat down heavily on the couch.

Carter ordered, "Knees, Erica."

"Knees, whatever your name is," Brandi ordered Joan, as I obeyed Carter.

"It's Joan, ma'am," Joan said.

"I don't give a fuck what you think your name is," Brandi retorted dismissively. "Tonight your name is Dumb Bitch, is that clear?"

"Yes, ma'am," Joan nodded, "perfectly clear," as she lowered herself gracefully to her knees.

"Tell me girl, what's your name?" Brandi interrogated.

"Dumb Bitch, ma'am," Joan answered smoothly, not missing a beat.

"She's a quick learner," Brandi admitted.

There was a moment of silence while no one took control, before Carter asked, "Why is my dick not in your mouth yet, sissy?"

"Sorry, Master, it's because I'm such a dumb slut," I said, as I quickly reached to unbuckle his belt.

"Dumb Bitch and Dumb Slut," Brandi roared with laughter, "no wonder they're a couple."

"They are quite the couple," Carter agreed, as I unbuttoned his jeans, quite excited to have his cock back in my mouth... but this time only as a sweet appetizer before the main event.

"Take off my boots, Dumb Bitch," Brandi ordered.

"Yes, ma'am," Joan obeyed, both of us completely subservient submissives to our respective dominants.

As I unzipped Carter I turned to look, but he slapped the side of my head and rebuked me, "Focus on my cock, dumb slut."

"Yes, Master. Sorry, Master," I apologized like the pathetic cock-craving faggot sissy I was.

I pulled down his pants and underwear.

"Take my shoes, pants, socks and underwear completely off," he ordered.

"Yes, Master," I repeated, my brain on submissive mind control.

"Massage my feet, Dumb Bitch," Brandi ordered Joan, Dumb Bitch apparently the name she was going to use for her going forward. I wasn't allowed to turn my head to see Joan, but I felt bad for her. I loved the ridicule and name calling, it enhanced my humiliation and thus enhanced my pleasure, but I wasn't sure Joan was into this sort of humiliation, or at least on the receiving end of it. Being called a slut as she took a big black clock, sure, but this was a whole new level of humiliation.

"Yes, ma'am," Joan responded, her tone not giving me any clue to her level of humiliation or pleasure.

I finished removing Carter's shoes, the plug in my ass wiggling all over the place as I moved, creating teasing pleasure throughout me... I could already feel the pre-cum oozing out of my cage and into my red panties.

"Where did you find these two?" Brandi asked, as I pulled off his pants, underwear and socks.

"They came into the store looking for a cock cage," Carter answered.

"Fucking hilarious," Brandi chortled, although I didn't know what was so hilarious about that. Well, maybe I did. How many couples go shopping for cock cages?

"Make him suck your dick," Brandi ordered.

"I don't have to make him do anything; I just have to ask, and he'll happily do whatever I wish. Isn't that right, sissy?" Carter asked, as I reached up and stroked his semi-erect cock.

"Yes indeed, Master, this sissy is here for your pleasure," I said, as I stroked his big shaft, wanting to impress him, but also feeling compelled to show Brandi how pathetic I was.

"Shit," Brandi roared with laughter as she asked, "and Dumb Bitch, you love this man?"

"I do," Joan answered and added, "with all my heart."

"Why?" Brandi asked, sounding like she couldn't fathom why anyone would love me... something I had wondered myself.

"We were meant to be," Joan said, as I took Carter's cock in my mouth. It was an odd romantic statement, considering we were both willingly servicing other people.

"Meant to be submissive bimbos for dominant blacks, you mean," Brandi said.

"That too," Joan agreed readily, as Carter finished hardening in my mouth.

"Want to see my big tits, Dumb Bitch?" Brandi asked.

"Very much, ma'am," Joan answered; this time her tone was clearly lustful.

"Take my shirt off, Dumb Bitch," Brandi ordered, as I began slowly bobbing on Carter's cock, wanting to worship his beautiful member... although I disliked hearing my girlfriend being called 'Dumb Bitch'. But she didn't seem to mind at all, so I tried to let it go.

"That's it, cock sucker," Carter said. "Get my big cock nice and ready for your girlfriend and for your pussy."

"You should spit-roast the faggot," Brandi suggested.

"I plan to get my strap-on to do just that," Joan revealed.

"You'll be busy servicing me," Brandi said.

"Yes, ma'am," Joan responded subserviently.

"Why don't you text Wide Willy?" Brandi suggested. "He'd love to help spit roast this fairy."

Joan, trying to show she still had a modicum of power in this evolving hierarchy said, "I bet Erica would love two big cocks spit-roasting her like the slut she is."

"Did I ask for your opinion, Dumb Bitch?" Brandi asked, behaving way more dominant than Carter ever did. Her dominant persona was a turn-on, but it also concerned me for the sake of my poor Joan.

"No you didn't, ma'am, sorry, ma'am," Joan apologized profusely.

"Now suck on my tits and shut the fuck up, Dumb Bitch," Brandi ordered, as I wished I could see those huge black breasts.

"Yes, ma'am," Joan repeated, completely under the seductive power of the black dominant.

Carter asked me, "Do you want another big black cock to worship, sissy?"

I removed his hard, delicious ten-inch cock from my mouth and answered like the sissy I was, "Yes, Master, I'd love a second big black cock to spit-roast me like the bimbo cum slut for BBC that I am."

"Shit, what a faggot," Brandi laughed as I took Carter's cock back in my mouth.

"Yeah, she's a real keeper," Carter chuckled, and added, "Sissy, get my phone out of my pocket."

"Yes, Master," I replied obediently, as I again reluctantly removed the beautiful black dick from my mouth... nothing better than being on my knees with a black cock in my mouth. It was so natural... so perfect....

I grabbed his phone out of his pocket, handed it to him, and quickly took his cock back in my mouth.

"Like my tits, Dumb Bitch?" Brandi asked.

"Love them, ma'am," Joan responded with a slight moan... clearly sucking those big black tits was turning her on. If she was happy with this experience, perhaps I shouldn't be such a Nervous Nellie on her behalf.

"Wide Willy is on his way," Carter reported to the room, and I wondered if the name was because he was a wide man, or had a big fat cock, or both.

"Want to see your man or whatever he is get spit-roasted, Dumb Bitch?"

"Yes, ma'am," Joan said, "I'd love to see my sissy take big black cocks in both ends."

"But you have three fuck-holes. You want big black cock in all of them?" Brandi asked.

"God, yes, I'd love to be double penetrated by big black cocks, or filled airtight by three dominant black studs," Joan answered lustfully.

"She has a strap-on in the house." Carter said, "if you want to help triple team her later."

"That I've never done," Brandi said.

"Well, we should change that," Carter said, as I was now taking nine of his inches in my mouth, getting closer and closer to smoothly taking all ten inches of his magnificent cock into my cock-sucking mouth.

"Yes, we should," Brandi agreed. "Go get your strap-on, Dumb Bitch."

"Yes, ma'am," Joan replied.

"Shit sissy, you've been practicing," Carter praised me, impressed as I smoothly bobbed on almost all of his cock.

"He went to the gloryhole bathroom last night," Joan informed him before she left. "As a matter of fact, we both did, and one of the loads he swallowed was a creampie I served up to him."

"Nice," Carter approved, while I wanted also to mention the fact I'd sucked cock for a few hours later on at a poker party.

"I can't believe how many white guys suck black dick," Brandi said.

"They all do, if given the opportunity," Carter said.

"Think you can turn Professor Flaren?" Brandi asked.

"If he isn't already turned," Carter said. "Half the male profs on campus are taking BBC."

"So hot," Brandi said, as... FINALLY!...I took all ten inches into my three-inch mouth (meaning seven inches were down my throat)... a rush of adrenaline coursing through me as I accomplished this once seemingly impossible task... ten inches of BBC had gone past my lips!


"Yeah, it's quite the rush to turn a guy who thinks he's straight into a cock sucking, ass taking, cum craving faggot for black cock," Carter said, as I wondered just how many of us there were, and whether it was true that pretty much any white guy would drop to his knees to worship black cock... history didn't appear to indicate this... yet I wondered if white men in the past used slavery as a secretive way of relating to their inferiority complexes.

"And age doesn't matter?" Brandi asked.

"18, 35, 60, 75," Carter listed a wide range of ages, "they don't even have to be able to get it up anymore," the idea of my dad or grandpa sucking cock seemingly unfathomable.

"Cool," Brandi said, then called out, "What's taking you so long, Dumb Bitch?"

"Sorry, ma'am," Joan replied, arriving back with three strap-on cocks.

"Shit, the faggot has been taking a lot," Carter said, apparently not noticing when I'd accomplished my impressive feat.

"And soon he'll be taking all that in his ass," Brandi added, as she saw the three strap-ons dropped on the couch before her.

"In her cunt," Carter corrected her.

"Cunt, that's hilarious," Brandi roared. "Nice collection, Dumb Bitch."

"Thank you, ma'am," Joan replied.

"Shoot that first load all over her face," Brandi urged, as she, like me, could tell Carter was getting close.

Joan added, "Yes please, shoot your dominant cum all over her pretty face."

"Shit," Brandi laughed again.

"Deep throat his cock, you slutty, sissy, cum-craving bitch," Joan bellowed, apparently doubling down on the last grasp of power she still had in this company.

"Shit, Dumb Bitch," Brandi said, sounding impressed by Joan's comfortable domination over me. "You're some bipolar sex slut."

Joan explained, as I furiously and obediently bobbed on Carter's fat cock, now swallowing it to the root every time, "I'm a dominant to my sissy, but a submissive Dumb Bitch for black dick and snatch."

"Snatch, you call it," Brandi roared, "there may be some nigger in you."

"I hope there'll be some in me soon," Joan replied wickedly, just as Carter pulled out.

For the first time ever, I closed my eyes in time, just barely, before Carter erupted a massive load all over my face.

Fuck, getting a facial felt both so wrong and so right.

Wrong for the obvious reasons: I was a guy, Carter was at least a decade younger than me, he was black and I wasn't, and my girlfriend was right there in the room, looking on.

Yet it was also right for so many reasons: my girlfriend was right behind me both figuratively and literally, the warm cum pelting my face felt so good, being on my knees accepting my place as inferior to any black man... it all felt so natural and true to my DNA-decided sissy self (it must be), it all culminated in a gigantic rush that had my clitty tingling with countless sensations.

"Oh yeah, coat her face with your dominant seed," Joan moaned, obviously as turned on by watching me get a facial, as I was by getting one.

"Yeah, cum all over the faggot," Brandi added, sounding like this act of dominance and humiliation was turning her on too.

When he was done splattering my face with his warm, soothing cum, he slid his cock back in my mouth, and I nursed out any last remnants of his load.

Brandi ordered, "Come eat my pussy, Dumb Bitch."

"Yes, ma'am!" Joan replied.

"Watching your faggot boyfriend suck dick and take a facial was pretty hot," Brandi said.

"Wait until we see him getting his cunt fucked for the first time by a real cock," Joan added.

"That will be hot too," Brandi agreed.

"Or watch him get spit-roasted by two big black cocks."

"Or his watching you getting yourself triple teamed," Brandi added, as the night was obviously just getting under way.

"Mmmmm, so delicious," Joan said, although I wasn't sure whether she meant was the idea of her being triple teamed in the near future, or the taste of Brandi's pussy in the present moment... I assumed both.

Carter pulled his cock out and instructed, "You can watch your girlfriend eat pussy, but the cum remains on your face until further notice, or until I go home."

"Thank you, Master," I replied, grateful for three things -- his warm load on my face, the opportunity to watch my girlfriend eating pussy, and the chance for everyone to see what a dirty little slut I was anytime they saw my face.

I wiped away the small amount that had landed on my closed eyelid, then turned around to see an amazing sight. Brandi was on the couch, her big legs spread, and with Joan between them. Brandi's tits were literally larger than Joan's head.

"Eat that chocolate box, Dumb Bitch," Brandi moaned, and then she smiled at me. "Let's see that tiny dick of yours, Ms. cum bucket."

"Yes, ma'am," I replied, pulling my panties down to reveal my caged clitty, and noticed my panties were quite wet... I must have oozed a lot of pre-cum already tonight.

"Oh fuck," she roared the way black women laugh heartily. "You're caged."

"Mistress Joan owns my clitty," I explained, no shame in my tone, having completely accepted my place.

"What's in her cunt?" Carter asked, noticing the plug inside me.

Joan answered, "A surprise for you."

"Keep licking, Dumb Bitch," Brandi ordered.

"Yes, ma'am," Joan agreed submissively and obeyed, the two of us briefly being almost equals in submission to black superiority.

"It's a diamond butt plug," I explained.

"Shit, that's the weirdest piece of jewelry ever," he said, more amused than impressed.

"Let me see, turn around faggot," Brandi ordered.

I turned around and bent over to show off my faux diamond plug.

"Shit, that really is the weirdest piece of jewelry ever," Brandi agreed.

"Just a place holder until you're ready to replace it with the real thing, Master," I explained, really hoping his dick would be in my ass, I mean in my cunt, very soon.

"I see," he said.

"That's it, Dumb Bitch, get that tongue in there nice and deep," Brandi ordered her cheap slut. Hey, wait a minute, that's my girlfriend I'm talking about!

"You look so hot between those luscious black legs, Mistress," I flattered Joan as I turned around and resumed watching.

"Hey sissy, why don't you eat her asshole while she eats mine?" Brandi suggested, then ordered, "Lay on your back, Dumb Bitch."

"Yes, ma'am," Joan obeyed, backing up and looking at me for a moment. "Nice load, Erica."

"It was," I agreed, her face slightly glistening with the big girl's pussy juice.

She lay on her back and Brandi got off the couch and straddled Joan's face, but instead of offering her pussy, she offered her asshole.

"Eat my ass, Dumb Bitch," Brandi ordered.

"Yes, ma'am," Joan said, as I watched in erotic awe, my caged clitty burning at the hot act.

"Get that ass nice and clean," Brandi ordered.

"Yes, ma'am," Joan repeated, as she laid on her back and probed her tongue between the two big, dark, ass cheeks.

I couldn't see Joan's tongue, but the act was super-hot, and similar to some of the smothering videos I'd gotten off to on occasion.

Carter said, "Crawl down there and get your girl ready for my dick, sissy."

"Yes, Master," I obeyed, crawling between Joan's legs, pulling her panties off, and burying my face in her very, very wet pussy.

"That's it, tongue fuck my asshole, Dumb Bitch," Brandi approved.

Joan moaned at the renewed order, and I hopped to it, my tongue working its magic. Even before all these new adventures had begun, I'd been excellent at going down on Joan, and I hadn't lost my touch.

There was a knock at the door.

Carter said, "Don't stop, anyone; I'll get it."

A minute later a new voice said, "Holy shit."

"Hey, Wide Willy," Brandi greeted.

"Hey, Brandi," Willy replied.

"Sissy, come greet Jake," Carter ordered.

I quit licking Joan, crawled out from beneath her legs, stood up, turned around, and saw a chubby black guy standing before me.

"Hi, sir, may I suck your cock?" I asked.

"Shit," he roared. "No messing around with pleasantries, just getting right to it? Nice to meet you too. Sure, girly girl, go right ahead."

Carter said, "She's getting her virginity taken tonight."

"And this other bitch is getting triple teamed tonight," Brandi added.

"Well, I can sure help with any of that," Willy said, as I pulled down his sweats and underwear to reveal the fattest cock I'd ever seen... porn included.

"Holy shit," I gasped, as I looked at the semi-erect cannon.

"You recall he's called Wide Willy," Carter said.

"I can certainly see why," I said, in a hypnotic trance.

"And my wide willy isn't going to suck itself, faggot," Willy said.

"Sorry, it's just so beautiful," I said, as I leaned forward and took it in my mouth... while not even hard, it stretched my mouth. There was no way I could take this in my pussy. Possibly ever! Joan, on the other hand, would love it in hers.

"So do we fuck the faggot first, or triple team Dumb Bitch?" Brandi asked.

"Good question," Carter pondered.

"Let's triple team Dumb Bitch and make her sissy watch," Brandi suggested.

"Yeah, we can do that," Carter agreed.

Willy's cock, now hard, was also long: nine inches. I began slowly bobbing, getting myself accustomed to the extra girth. And about the other topic, I was just as excited about Joan's double (or maybe even triple!) penetration as I was about my own upcoming loss of my anal virginity and subsequent spit roast.

"Get a strap-on on, Brandi," Carter instructed.

"Mmmmmmm, fun," Brandi said. "This time I get to do the fucking!"

"We'll play a game of musical holes," Carter said, as I bobbed on Willy's mouth-stretching missile. My clitty was likely leaking excessive pre-cum as it constantly tried to break out of its cage.

"Musical holes," Brandi roared, her laughter so boisterous, and somehow sexy too.

I bobbed for another minute, until Carter ordered, "Get undressed Willy. It's gangbang time."

"I get her pussy first," Wide Willy said.

"Shit, she won't feel anything else after you're done with her," I joked.

"I can't imagine she ever feels anything with you," Carter replied to me.

"I can feel it," Joan said but added, "it just can't do anything for me."

"Well, I guarantee you'll feel this," Willy said, as he walked over to Joan, who had just sat up.

"Holy fuck," Joan gasped, as she reached for the fat black cock.

"I get that reaction a lot," Willy chuckled, obviously enjoying the reactions his cock received.

"I can imagine," Joan said, stroking the fat cock, and then leaning in and taking the cock that had just been in my mouth into hers. Fuck, it was hot.

Brandi said a minute later, once she'd fastened on the thin, long, strap-on cock... which I could attest was perfect for back door plundering, "Sit on the couch Willy, and get Dumb Bitch to straddle you."

"Works for me," he said, pulling out of her mouth and collapsing heavily onto the couch.

Joan needed no further instructions as she winked at me, faced Wide Willy, straddled the big man and his huge cock, and dropped onto it. "Holy fuck!!!" she screamed, as she took all nine very fat inches into her pussy.

"You're an impressive slut, Dumb Bitch," Brandi said.

"Thank you, ma'am," Joan said, sitting astride nine inches of black heaven. "I'm a bimbo slut for any black cock or pussy."

"I've never worn one of these," Brandi said, wagging it around. "It's quite empowering."

"Fucking a sissy faggot with it is also very empowering," Joan added, as Brandi positioned herself behind her.

"Mmmmm, fun," Brandi said, as she placed her cock against Joan's ass.

"Shove your dick in my ass, ma'am," Joan said, looking back.

"Shut up, Dumb Bitch," Brandi rebuked her. "Dumb bitches don't tell me what to do."

"Sorry, ma'am," Joan apologized, as Carter walked around the couch.

"Beg for my cock in your ass," Brandi ordered; odd, since she'd just told her not to. It was obvious though, that Brandi loved the rush of being in control.

"Please, ma'am," Joan moaned, looking back at Brandi with complete lust, "fuck my white ass, and use me like the Dumb Bitch slut I am."

"Nice," Brandi said, as she pushed forward, and her cock slid into Joan's ass.

"Oooooh," Joan moaned, as she received, I believe, her first ever double penetration.

Carter tried to offer his cock to Joan, to make my girl airtight with black cock, but with the back of the couch in the way, he was a little too short. So he hopped onto the couch next to Wide Willy and angled himself on the top of it, so Joan could reach it.

"May I suck your big cock, Master?" Joan asked, as she reached for his cock.

"Of course you may," he smiled, as Joan leaned to her right, rested against Willy's chest, and took his cock in her mouth.

Fuck, it was a hot sight... all three of her amazing holes being filled.

Joan began bobbing, just as Brandi began fucking her ass.

Joan's moans were hot, as she kept sucking Carter's cock.

It wasn't all that smooth at first, and Carter clearly wasn't comfortable. So he ordered, as I watched from my knees my girl getting triple teamed, "Sissy, get over here and support my back."

"Yes, Master," I obeyed, thankful to be off my knees for a bit. I went to stand behind the couch, and used my hands to keep him balanced.

Brandi said, "No wonder you guys love fucking us gals. It's super fun!"

"Now you'll want to fuck faggots and sluts all the time," Carter replied.

"Yeah, it's a whole different world being the giver instead of the taker," she said, as she slowly fucked my girlfriend's ass.

"You look so hot with black dicks in all your holes, Mistress," I said as I watched.

"You're next, dickless," Brandi said to me.

"I can't wait," I replied, as my clitty continued its futile attempts to break free. A week of being constantly caged had turned me into a helpless, pre-cumming mess.

"I get his ass first," Carter made crystal clear.

"And I get his mouth first," Willy said.

"Whatever," Brandi sighed heavily, clearly annoyed, "just so long as at some point I get a chance to ass fuck the faggot."

"That we can guarantee," Carter said, "can't we sissy?"

"My mouth and cunt are yours to use whenever you want, Master," I said.

"And Mistress," Brandi said.

"And definitely Mistress," I agreed mindlessly, wondering how this juxtaposition of authority figures impacted my hierarchy with my true Mistress.

"Oh fuck!!" Joan screamed, as Willy, who'd been patiently sitting with his cock in her pussy, suddenly bucked up into her.

"Double fuck her," Carter ordered as he climbed off the couch. "This setup isn't working for me."

"Oh yes, fuck," Joan moaned in utter rapture. "Fuck my white holes with your dominant black cocks."

"Yes! Double penetrate my sexy Mistress," I added, my words not sounding nearly as hot as her wicked ones.

"Oh God, shit, fuck," Joan babbled, as Willy and Brandi began fucking her hard, and her body bounced around like a Raggedy Ann doll.

It was so fucking hot, and then it multiplied in hotness when she suddenly came from the double penetration. "Fuck!" she screamed, loud enough to wake the neighbours.

"All right," Carter said a minute later, as Joan's holes were vacated, and she was still trembling. "Time for the main attraction."

"You're going to fuck my sissy's pussy and take her virginity," Joan said, her cheeks red.

"I am," Carter nodded, as he snapped his fingers and I dropped to my knees and crawled over to him.

"So fucking obedient," a now standing Brandi observed.

"Do you have the key for his cage?" Carter asked.

"Around my neck," Joan said, wiggling her necklace.

"Should you unlock it?" he asked.

"No, Master, if you don't mind," Joan replied, getting off the couch, wavering a little from her orgasm, that still seemed to be sending aftershocks. "I read somewhere that true sissies can come while still caged, and therefore soft. I want to test that theory."

"So she isn't allowed to come, unless it's the ultimate sissy orgasm," Carter nodded approvingly.

"Correct. On your back, Erica," Joan ordered.

I rolled from all fours to being on my back, curious what she had in mind, as I wondered if I could possibly come with my clitty in a cage. I did know I sure leaked a lot.

"Shit sissy, your cage is completely coated in pre-cum," Joan mused as she knelt next to me.

"Sorry, Mistress," I apologized, "this has all been very exciting."

"I imagine it has been," she said, as she scooped some pre-cum off the cage and brought it to her mouth.

Brandi roared with laughter as she knelt down to see my tiny clit up close and personal, "That is the tiniest dick I've ever seen, and I babysit my aunt's two-year-old!"

Joan grabbed some red lipstick, the same lipstick I was wearing, and wrote just above my clitty: Property of Master Eric.

"Nice," Brandi said, clearly amused by my constant humiliation.

"Back on your knees, sissy," Carter ordered.

I rolled back over, my tiny clitty swaying in its cage.

Carter pulled the plug out of my pussy just as Wide Willy walked in front of me.

"Fuck my slut," Joan ordered.

Carter moved behind me and slid his cock into me, my pussy nicely gaped from the diamond plug.

"Ooooh," I moaned, or more like squealed as all of his ten inches slid inside me. There was pleasure. There was pain. Intense pleasure! Intense pain!

The pain, as his ten inches went in deeper than any toy ever had. But the pleasure, from at long last being filled by a black man, and thus completely becoming the sissy I was born to be.

The pain in my ass burned, but it also triggered an intense pleasure in my clitty even though it was soft, and I instantly spewed a huge load all over the floor... trembling uncontrollably... proving Joan's theory correct... a sissy could come while caged... this being the ultimate sissy orgasm and humiliation. I imagine that a week of being constantly banned from orgasms had made my entire reproduction system so sensitive, that my ultimate dream of having a BBC in my ass/pussy finally coming true, was too overwhelming, and I erupted.

"The faggot came!" Brandi roared.

"Shit!" Willy laughed too, as he slapped my face with his big fat dick.

"She's been waiting for this to happen for decades," Joan informed everyone.

"Well then, let's give her this meal with all the trimmings," Carter said, as he grabbed my hips and started fucking my pussy.

I begged for him to fuck me hard, even as pain and pleasure both burned inside me, "Oh yes, fuck my cunt, and make me your slut!"

"Shit," Willy laughed again, as he slid his cock into my open and moaning mouth.

"Yes, fuck my slut," Joan moaned, as I imagined she was rubbing herself.

"Slut, come straddle my leg like a good little bitch, and hump yourself," Brandi ordered.

"Yes, ma'am," Joan obeyed.

God, I wished I could see that.

But I was pretty occupied, with cocks in both of my holes.

I tried bobbing while getting fucked, but it was hard to get into any rhythm at all. After a couple minutes of chaos Carter ordered, "Ride and suck like a rocking horse, sissy."

I understood exactly what he meant, and I began to bounce back on his cock, and then bounce forward to deep throat Wide Willy's cock. Which I did successfully... all that practice with the dildo had paid off big time!

It was the most athletic thing I'd ever done.

So focused was I on the cock in my pussy and the other cock in my mouth, I actually lost interest in my clitty, as I focused completely on the two big black cocks inside me.

Ten inches in my pussy.

Nine inches in my mouth.

Ten inches in my pussy.

Nine inches in my mouth.

Repeat some more.

If anything, my tiny clitty seemed to shrink even more as all the pleasure I was feeling came from my asshole. Every nerve back there felt the slide of the big thick black cock going in and out, and when it rubbed against my prostate, I felt pleasure rising through my entire body.

Joan moaned, "Oh yes, my dear sissy, take those big black cocks!"

"Shut up and hump my leg, Dumb Bitch," Brandi ordered.

For a couple minutes, there was just pure pleasure. The pain dissipated completely, and I was just a bimbo-fuck-toy-cum-slut for BBC... while just a little way across the room, Joan seemed to be a bitch in heat for BBBW.

"Should I come in her pussy, Joan?" Carter asked.

"Oh yes please, fill my sissy's pussy with a big load of cum," Joan moaned, sounding as turned on by the idea as I was... dying to know first hand what getting a load of cum in my ass or pussy would feel like.

My legs started to go numb, and I shook a little as I concentrated even more on the pleasure hurricane in my asshole.

Willy pulled out and said, "Get on all fours, bitch."

I got the chance to see Joan straddling Brandi for only a couple of seconds, but fuck, it was hot.

"Yes, sir," Joan said, as she got off of Brandi and dropped to the floor.

"Oh yes, fuck my cunt, breed your bitch," I moaned, feeling such intense pleasure through every pore of my existence.

"Crawl over here and face your sissy," Willy ordered.

Joan did, bringing us face to face a foot apart, each on all fours, and each about to have a BBC come in our pussy.

"You look so hot getting fucked," Joan said, as Willy went behind her.

"So do you," I said, as Carter slammed into me hard and deep.

"Oh yes, fill my cunt," Joan moaned, as Willy obviously did just that.

"Get ready for my load, sissy," Carter groaned.

"Yes, fill my cunt," I pleaded.

"Fill her cunt," Joan echoed.

"Fuck," Carter grunted, and shot his load in me.

I felt his warm seed go up my pussy... making my tiny flaccid clitty twitch, and to my shock, I erupted a second load all over the cage and carpet!

"The faggot just came again," Brandi roared.

"The ultimate sissy orgasm," Carter said, as he kept fucking me.

"Oh yes, fuck my pussy with that huge cock," Joan moaned, clearly loving to have her cunt spread so wide.

"My turn," Brandi piped up, as she stood up, her strap-on still on, and stalked towards me.

"She's all yours," Carter said, pulling out as I felt cum leaking out of me... feeing like such a slut.

"Want my cock, faggot?" Brandi asked, although she didn't wait for an answer before she slammed her cock into me.

"Yessss," I moaned, as she fucked me hard.

"Like my dick, sissy?" she asked, slamming into me.

"Oh yes, I love your dick in my cunt," I moaned.

"Please don't ever stop pounding my cunt with that fat cock," Joan moaned loudly, her orgasm getting close.

"Oh, I have an idea," Brandi said, pulling out of me.

"Oh God, fuck, such a fat cock, fuck, yes, mother fucking yes," Joan babbled for over a minute, her orgasm building, until she screamed, "Yessssss!"

Willy kept pounding my girlfriend throughout her orgasm, Joan looking lost in complete euphoria.

Brandi returned with the lipstick and drew something on my lower back that felt like a heart and then a circle, before she slid her cock back into my gaping pussy.

Carter said, "Shit, you two BBC sluts should get matching tattoos like this."

"Like what?" Joan asked.

"The universal symbol for a slut for black cock," Carter replied.

"And what's that?" Joan moaned, as Willy kept slamming into her.

Carter took out his phone as Willy said, "I'm close, bitch."

"Please come all over the sissy," Joan told him.

"Yeah, sure." Willy pulled out of Joan's pussy, and a moment later he slid his wet pussy-coated cock in my mouth.

He face fucked me, as Brandi kept fucking me, both of them apparently as hard as they could, so I had no control at all over how I was being used, which was heavenly... before he pulled out and spewed his load all over my face... and again, I closed my eyes in time.

"Oh yeah, coat the sissy," Brandi rooted, as rope after rope landed on my face.

Willy slid his cock back in my mouth, and Brandi pulled out of me.

I sucked for a minute before he pulled out, and Joan crawled over to me and kissed me.

"How romantic," Brandi laughed tauntingly.

"Look," Carter said, as Joan broke our kiss and looked at Carter's phone.

"Oh, I like that," she approved.

"What is it?" I asked.

Carter showed me his phone. It was a spade from a deck of cards, with a Q in the middle of it.

"What's the Q for?" I asked.

"Queen of spades," Carter answered.

"The tattoo means you'll only service BBC," Willy added.

"Well, that's true enough," I said, "in addition to my Mistress."

"We'll get them this week," Joan promised.

"I know a guy I can send you to," Carter said.

"Cool," Joan said.

"Carter, get your black ass over here and shove that dick in me," Brandi ordered as she tossed the strap-on aside. "All this fucking has me needing to get fucked."

Carter fucked Brandi, who had a wicked mouth, and her moans were equally raunchy.

Joan sucked on one of her big nipples, I sucked on the other.

Carter shot a third load... this time all over Brandi's tits.

Joan and I lapped up the cum.

The three visitors then got dressed, as Joan ordered me to go wash my cum-coated sticky cage.

When I returned they were gone, and Joan took my hand and pointed to the floor, "You came on my carpet... twice," she said.

"Sorry," I apologized.

"And you dripped pre-cum all over my couch," she added.

"Sorry," I repeated.

"I guess since you can come while in a cage there isn't much point ever unlocking the thing," she smiled, looking done at my caged clitty.

"I guess not," I agreed, hoping she was joking and yet kind of hoping she wasn't. "I'll clean up the carpet in the morning."

She shrugged, "You better since it's going to be your house soon, too."

"I'm moving here?" I asked, having thought she'd be moving into my place, as she led me to the bathroom.

"Of course," she said, giving me a kiss. "Let's go have a shower... together."

"I love you, Joan," I said, my face coated with dried cum, and her hair a mess from her rough fuckings.

"I love you too," she said, kissing me.

THE END

Coming next the final chapter: Some time has passed and Erica ends up in a sissy competition against a very surprising fellow sissy.



Sissification 101: Ch. 07
Story Info

Competing sisters use their sissies for dominance.
11.8k words
4.4
18.3k
33
3
PUBLIC BETA

Note: You can change font size, font face, and turn on dark mode by clicking the "A" icon tab in the Story Info Box.

You can temporarily switch back to a Classic Literotica® experience during our ongoing public Beta testing. Please consider leaving feedback on issues you experience or suggest improvements.
Click here
silkstockingslover
silkstockingslover
546 Works
38209 Followers

Summary: Competing sisters use their sissies for dominance.

Thanks to Eric who requested and helped plot this lengthy story.

Recap so far:

Sissification 101 tells the story of Eric, a mid-30s Asian, who has been hiding his sissy side curiosity for years until he is caught in pantyhose watching hypno-sissy porn by a very supportive girlfriend.

Sissification 101 Ch 02 as Eric begins his sissy training by getting his ass trained for cock and his tiny clitty caged by his girlfriend as the hierarchy is established with Joan in control.

Sissification 101 Ch 03 as Eric is pegged for the first time by his girlfriend.

Sissification 101 Ch 04 as Joan rents a hotel room for their first black cock for both of them. Eric(a) sucks his first BBC, gets spit-roasted by Joan's strap-on and takes a facial; Joan then reaches multiple orgasms from Carter's BBC; the scene ends with Eric(a) tasting his first BBC creampie.

Sissification 101 CH 05 as Eric practices his cock sucking on toys and Carter while Joan is gone for the week. Joan returns and they go together to a gloryhole and enjoy a few black cocks.

Sissification 101 CH 06 as Eric takes his first cock in her pussy and is spit-roasted by two BBC's; Joan meanwhile tastes first BBBW pussy.

CHAPTER 7

The next few weeks continued as a whirlwind of sex. Sucking cock, getting fucked, getting pegged, bukkakes... and that was just my part of the action.

Joan also got her fair share of black cock, plus she really enjoyed pegging me.

We also, obeying Carter's order, got spade tattoos. Mine was inked right above my ass on my right side, while Joan's was right above her shaved pussy. So each of us now had a permanent reminder of which race of people now owned our fuck holes.

I'd moved in with Joan, we'd gotten engaged, and then just when I thought I couldn't possibly experience any more surprises... I was given perhaps the most life-changing one yet.

Joan said, as she drove us to my surprise, the first of many she had promised me for the day, "So today you're to do whatever I say, without question or hesitation."

"Don't I always do that?" I asked, since my caged clitty, my spade tattoo, the constant plug in my cunt and the pantyhose I always wore, were all evidence of my complete obedience to her in sexual matters.

"True, true," she smiled, "but today we're stepping it up a notch."

"I can't fathom how that's even possible anymore," I said, both excited and frightened by her words. Excited, because every time she'd surprised me since she'd accidentally outed me to herself had resulted in yet another fantasy coming true and provided pleasure beyond what I'd ever imagined. Frightened, because I seriously couldn't think of anything we could possibly do that would be 'stepping it up a notch' without it being a blood sport, or something else really out there and in the realms of being harmful. I mean I'd already been going to the college bathroom weekly, where I was spit roasted by at least a dozen cocks a night; I'd taken over twenty loads in my first bukkake, and even taken eight loads in succession up my ass. I'd worn cum all over my face while we strolled through an indoor mall south of the city in broad daylight. I'd been ass fucked in the parking lot of a bar while strangers had watched, I'd sucked off three complete strangers in an adult movie theatre... what else could possibly be left to do?

"Oh, just you wait," she said, in a tone that was both mysterious and sexy, and which conveyed the hint of a promise that I would soon find myself in shock and awe... which were the perfect descriptors for many events in our relationship, ever since she'd caught me wearing pantyhose and interacting with sissy hypnosis videos.

"Now you really have me curious," I said, as she drove us into a part of the city I seldom went to... where most of the clubs were, and a lot of the Fetish shops.

"Bi-curious," she teased.

"Between you and Carter, and our other new friends, I'm way past that," I laughed at her lame attempt at humour.

A couple minutes later, we were parking outside a sex shop I'd never been to. I asked, "Does this shop carry products our regular store doesn't?"

"In fact it does, in a way," she answered. "It caters to a very special clientele."

"Special clientele?" I asked.

"Let's just go inside," she said, enjoying the effect on me of stretching out the mystery for as long as possible.

"Your look and tone are scaring me a little," I confessed as I got out of the car.

"That's deliberate, my dear sissy. But you know that I always have your best interests at heart," Joan reassured me unreassuringly, as she took my hand and led me forward. I noticed a prominent sign on the door announcing Admittance by Appointment only. Call 555-6644 to Request Arrangements

"True, true," I nodded, having complete faith in Joan... who truly had never steered me wrong; instead, she had consistently steered me straight into various versions of heaven.

"Plus, I have a whopper of a surprise for you tonight," she added.

"Ten-inch black cock?" I asked, having sucked and been fucked by BBC almost every day since taking on those first perfect BBC's.

"Better," Joan said, squeezing my hand.

Two ten-inch black cocks?"

"Even better," she said, before adding after a pause, "well, that is if you win."

"Win what?" I asked, her really drawing me in.

"You'll see," she said enigmatically as we walked in, and to my surprise I discovered we'd just entered not a store stocked with sex toys, videos and the like, but an interior that looked exactly like a salon.

In the salon, which was fully functionally just that, I was given a mani pedi, and then was sent to a back room, where I met with a beautician to get my eyebrows shaped and my make-up done (pink eyeshadow, blush and lipstick).

The woman then ordered me to get naked... "No little lady, I'm not joking; those are your Mistress Joan's specific orders," and then she gave me a full Brazilian -- my first one ever. Which meant... humiliatingly... that my caged clitty was the centre of her attention for several painful minutes, with my butt plug also onsite for her ministrations. Being a professional, she was apparently unfazed by any of it, but still.

I was then led into another room, still naked, my clitty burning with lust and humiliation, as girl after girl turned me into one of them... each of them very amused to be doing so. Then I was completely dressed by a girl who looked to be no older than eighteen: she adorned me in pink stockings... fishnets no less, a pink crotchless thong which framed rather than covered my cage, a padded pink bra that made it look like I had decent-sized breasts, a tight, bright pink short club-hopping dress (imagine Legally Blonde pink), six-inch matching stripper heels, and a blonde wig styled in a bob with pink streaks. And of course my butt plug remained in place, which was ubiquitous these days. There were no mirrors in the room, so I had no idea what I looked like... and damn, was I curious. This entire makeover was a little humiliating, and yet ultimately exhilarating, as Joan was obviously orchestrating the next step on my journey to full sissification.

Joan finally entered the room after I'd been left alone for a couple minutes, and she said, "Holy shit!"

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing at all. You look so fucking hot!"

"I do?"

"If not for your Adam's apple, there wouldn't be a clue showing that you used to be a man!"

The phrase 'used to be a man' should have been hurtful... I was still a man, in the anatomical sense at least... yet her flattery... for that's how I saw her kind words... only enhanced my excitement. Every step of the journey to my feminization had been a new high, and I'd even begun wondering what it would be like to perhaps transition completely into a female... although I had yet to mention the idea to Joan... not sure how she would take it, and not sure how that would work in the real world of business associates, clients and family. My parents would be shocked even to know I sucked BBC, or that I got fucked by BBC and dressed in feminine clothing. "I'd love to see myself," I pleaded, dying to see what I looked like after about three hours of feminization.

"Soon," she promised, as she pulled something from her purse. "But first, I got you a gift."

"You didn't have to, Joan," I said. "This whole day so far has been a wonderful gift."

"I never have to," she agreed, handing me a jewelry box. "But like always, I wanted to."

"Thank you," I said, excited to be given jewelry... shit, I really was becoming a girl.

"I think you'll love it," she said.

"I'm sure I will," I said, as I opened the box. And then, "Oh my."

"Those aren't real diamonds," she said, as I examined my new pink collar with the prominent words 'sissy slut' spelled out in clusters of fake diamonds.

"You can't even buy your best girl real diamonds," I faux complained.

She smiled, "Maybe for an anniversary."

"I love you so much, Joan."

"I love you too, Erica," she replied with a touching smile.

"Oh... and one final thing to complete your ensemble," she said.

"You spoil me so much."

"I really do," she agreed, as she handed me a pink purse.

"I definitely needed that today," I said.

"I put everything in your wallet into a prettier pink one," she added.

"Thank you," I said, feeling so girly... oddly feeling like the person I'd always wanted to be.

"Now, let's go," she said.

"Where?"

"To give your new look a test drive."

"Oh?"

"Let's see if you can pass for a woman in public."

"Fun!" I squealed in my best falsetto, both excited and nervous about the prospect. "But first, can I pleeease see what I look like?"

"Oh, shit, yes of course," she nodded, taking my hand and leading me into another room to face a large mirror.

"Holy shit," I gasped.

"I know."

"I don't look remotely like myself," I said, staring at a hot-looking woman staring back at me.

"You make a fucking hot woman," she said.

"I really do," I said, admiring my new look, which was utterly slutty and feminine.

"Let's go," she said, leading me out of the exclusive salon hiding behind the sex shop façade, and into the adjacent mall saying, "Go buy the new Taylor Shift vinyl, and don't be in any hurry."

"Really?" I asked.

"Yep," she nodded. "And remember, no questioning or hesitating today."

"Okay," I agreed, always doing whatever Joan told me to. I left her behind and walked... or rather sauntered through the mall, the record shop being at the opposite end of it, receiving dozens of looks. Most of them portrayed shock rather than admiration, and I couldn't tell whether it was because they could tell I was a crossdressing man, or because I looked like a hot girl who was dressed like a complete skank.

Most men... at least the ones who valued their testosterone, would be mortified to be dressed as I was and attracting the looks I was receiving, yet for me it was the ultimate rush! Seeing women looking at me in disgust and men checking me out and needing to adjust themselves, was so fucking exciting!

I reached the record shop and wandered around, fielding more looks, both judgemental and leering ones. I finally found the vinyl I was looking for, walked up to the till and handed the nerdy-looking guy the album. He asked, "Is there anything else, ma'am?"

"That's it," I replied, trying to reply in the feminine voice I'd been practicing for a few weeks.

"That will be $17.89," he said, unable to avoid looking at my chest.

I pulled my brand new pink wallet out of my brand new pink purse and handed him a twenty, so excited that he thought I was girl and was checking me out.

He handed me my change, and I said, "Thanks, sexy."

"You're welcome, ma'am," he said, his cheeks going bright red.

"Thanks especially for checking out my tits," I said wickedly. "It's always nice to know I've still got it." I then turned and swayed my ass away, feeling the ultimate rush.

I walked out of the shop and headed back towards the car, although I wasn't sure where we were supposed to meet. Suddenly my purse was ringing... playing Barbie Girl. Apparently Joan had also changed my ring tone.

I pulled out my phone, which also had a new pink phone case, and said, seeing it was indeed Joan on the line, "Yes, Mistress."

"Meet me at the pet store."

"I'll be right there." We'd been discussing getting a puppy for a couple of weeks.

I reached the store, after searching it out on the map pedestal, and saw Joan chatting with a pretty college-looking girl.

"There she is," Joan said as I approached. "I need a leash for her collar."

"Oh," the girl said, very surprised.

"Do you have one?"

"I'm sure we do," she said, giving me a look that could only be described as perplexed.

We followed her through the store, receiving a few odd looks from other customers, until we arrived in a section displaying quite a few dog leashes.

Joan grabbed one, hooked it up to my 'sissy slut' collar and ordered, "Kneel."

I obeyed, true humiliation no longer something I felt... even as I took in the stunned look on the girl's face.

"Crawl," Joan ordered.

It was challenging in my tight dress, and the lacy tops of my nylons were on display, but I obeyed until Joan said, "Perfect. You may get back up."

"Thank you, Mistress," I said, getting up.

"Is that a guy?" the college girl asked, completely bewildered.

"On her driver's license, yes," Joan said; but added, "otherwise she's a complete woman."

"Wow," the girl said.

"Yeah, she's still in the process, but she already looks pretty feminine, doesn't she?" Joan asked, as she unfastened the leash from me.

"If it wasn't for the telltale words on her sissy collar, I'd have had no clue," the girl said, politely cooperating with my alleged new gender.

"Perfect," Joan said. "You passed, Erica."

"Thank you, Mistress," I replied, enjoying the reactions from this pretty girl.

"Every girl should have their own pet," Joan told the girl.

"Maybe. I've never thought of it," she said before asking, clearly a little uncomfortable, "May I assist you with anything else?"

"No, this is what I need for her special training tonight," Joan said. "Thank you very much for your kind assistance."

"You're welcome," the girl said, and then left.

"I think we may have scarred her for life," Joan laughed, as we walked towards the till to pay for the leash.

"Or opened up a whole new world to her," I suggested.

"Perhaps," she smiled, handing me the collar. "Go pay for it."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, going to stand in line.

As I did, I heard a woman say, "Look at her."

I turned, assuming she was talking about me, although not at all kindly, so I waved and blew her a kiss.

Dismayed, the older woman shook her head and scuttled away.

I paid for the leash as the male salesperson looked at me, perplexed.

Once the transaction was done, I told him placidly, "In case you were wondering, I have tits and a penis," before turning and walking away.

Joan said, as we walked to the car, "I think you're well on your way to becoming a true woman."

"I'm really enjoying this," I admitted.

"I knew you would," she smiled.

"I mean, I can even imagine living my entire life as a woman," I said, giving her my first hint of my idea of transitioning.

"Are you saying what I think you're saying?"

"Maybe, "I said sheepishly, before adding, "Or maybe not. I'm not even sure whether I'm saying what I'm saying."

"Are you thinking like hormones?" she asked.

"I don't know," I admitted. Then after a pause, "Well, yes. Sometimes."

"Like losing your cock and getting a cunt transition?" she asked. "Or keeping your clitty, and just getting a real pair of titties?"

I laughed at the way that rhymed before I said, "I honestly don't know, but I definitely like being like I am today."

"I like the idea of your being a chick with a dick," she opined. "I'm less fond of the idea of losing your clitty and getting yourself a pussy."

"Yeah, I don't really want a pussy, I've already got one," I said, referring to my asshole.

"But a nice pair of real tits to play with, would be hot," she nodded, looking me over.

"I'm not sure I could go through even with that," I admitted, "but I agree the idea is hot."

"Yes, it is," she nodded, as we reached the car.

"But that would be hard either to explain or to conceal at work, or to my family," I pointed out the obvious problems with it... besides the need for taking hormones and all that.

"Yeah, I think we'd have to do a lot of research and soul searching, if you seriously thought you might want to do that," she said. "And you'd have to be sure beforehand, since it's pretty much a one-way street."

"It is just a thought, at least for now," I said.

She smiled, "Understood. But remember, there are no secrets between us ever again, and that goes both ways. So if you ever start thinking about it seriously..."

"I agree," I said, relieved she hadn't freaked out, yet also happy to get an idea of what she'd be able to accept happily, and what she wouldn't.

In the car she said, "Lets put a pin in that conversation for now. I have a very big surprise waiting for you." She'd stressed the word as she began to drive.

I said, "You have me so curious," stressing a word of my own.

"It's about to become an epic night," she said.

"We've already had a number of those," I smiled.

"Yet this one may be the most epic one yet, and with lasting consequences," she said, giving my leg a squeeze.

"My fishnets are a lot skankier than the nylons, and less sexy," I said.

"Yes, but you're wearing the outfit she chose for you, not I," she said.

"She?" I asked, that pronoun coming as a surprise. Sure, we'd played with a couple of black women, but the nights we considered 'epic' had always been presided over by a man... a black man, of course.

"Not only is she a woman, but she's also white," Joan added, compounding the intrigue, which was beginning to feel like a mystery for me to solve... lately we'd been watching those lame and predictable, yet somehow addicting, Hallmark murder mysteries.

"I feel like Aurora trying to solve this week's mystery," I said.

"Imagine Aurora Teagarden stripping naked to investigate some sex mysteries where nobody dies and everyone gets off," Joan smiled, both of us having agreed that both the actress and the character would be awesome to fuck, since she was cute, sexy and often wearing nylons.

"I'd love for her to be here right now, helping me to solve this confusing mystery," I said, as she continued driving.

"Oh, it will all come to light soon," she said.

"And like in the televised mysteries, is this mystery woman someone I've known all along?"

"She is," Joan nodded, adding another intriguing layer to this mystery.

"Now you have me completely intrigued and mystified," I said, as she pulled into a hotel's parking lot. "And the mystery unfolds," I smiled, even though which hotel this was gave me no more evidence towards deducing who his mystery woman was... still being stuck on her being white and someone I knew... and someone Joan also must know, since she'd arranged this with whoever it was. But was I aware that Joan knew her? I still wasn't getting anywhere. Except that this mystery woman was the one who'd chosen my getup, so tonight she'd probably be serving as my Mistress. Or rather I'd be serving her. Which should have scared me, yet my undying loyalty to, and my trust of Joan, left me with no fears.

"I think this is a mystery you won't solve until the perp, and I'm calling her that in the best possible way, is revealed to you," Joan predicted as she parked.

"You always do solve them before I do," I sighed, having only once guessed the killer before she had.

"A woman's intuition," Joan shrugged.

"That's something that I suppose no pills or injections will ever provide for me," I joked, as we exited the car.

We walked into the rather posh hotel, where my skanky appearance looked completely out of place, and she said, "Come with me to the washroom, since once we enter her room upstairs, you'll immediately become fully occupied."

"Fuck, I really want to learn what this surprise is," I said.

"Soon," she promised, giving me a wink and leading me into the ladies' washroom... something I'd never been inside before. I was shocked... maybe it was because it was a posh hotel, but this women's bathroom was way more spacious and nice than any men's. "I'll be back soon," she said, stepping into a stall.

I went into one too, and indeed just like any other woman, I sat down to go pee and needed to wipe afterwards.

I got out, washed my hands and waited for Joan, who was taking longer than she usually did. Once she came out, I understood why. She had changed out of her casual shopping outfit, which she was now carrying in a shopping bag I hadn't noticed before, and now was wearing a trench coat, black boots, and I could see just a glimpse of her black stockings.

"I'd like to see what's underneath that coat," I said. "Are you naked?"

"Maybe. Does the thought get your clitty all excited?" she asked.

"You always do," I said, which was true.

"You're so sweet," she said, as she leaned in and kissed me... just as two 'other' women entered the bathroom.

"Oh my," one of them said.

Joan ignored them as she leisurely completed our kiss before reaching into her purse and saying loud enough to be heard, "We'd better freshen up your lipstick for our Mistress and Master."

Joan did love shocking people, as the two women went into their chosen stalls looking scandalised. Joan refreshed my lipstick as I pondered this new piece of information: a Master would be present. Carter? Somehow I didn't think so.

Once done, she said, loud enough for the two prudish women to overhear like it or not, "Now those lips are just made for a big black cock to face fuck."

"Jesus Christ," the woman in one of the stalls objected.

"Unless ma'am, you'd like my girlfriend to go down on you first," Joan offered.

"Just get out of here, before I call security," the woman retorted.

"I'll take that as a courteous 'some other time'," Joan said.

I added, my voice deliberately revealing I was a man as we walked out of the washroom, "Your loss, ma'am."

"That was a man!" the other woman gasped as we sauntered out, going directly to the elevator, where an older black couple were waiting.

My first thought was, What are the odds these two are part of the surprise?... I then shook my head at the realization that these days whenever I saw a black man, a black woman or a black couple, I just assumed they were there so they could use me as they pleased.

The elevator opened and as we got in, the older couple noticed my outfit; I received dubious looks from both of them, as Joan pressed the button for the top floor. So no, this couple wasn't part of my surprise.

The back couple got off on the fifth floor, and once the door had closed behind them, Joan asked, "Ready?"

"Always," I said, excited to find out who the mystery woman was and what my 'epic' surprise was to be, as the elevator continued its way upwards.

We got off on the top floor and went to 1401. She stopped outside the door and texted something to someone. "Just have to make sure they're ready for us."

"You have me on pins and needles," I said, the butt plug still in my ass, barely held in place by the delicate excuse for panties I was wearing.

She said nothing, but just stared at her phone... a bit nervously I noticed... until it binged. "Well Erica, here goes everything."

She took my hand and opened the door.

A million different scenarios had swirled through my head about what could lie behind this door... but nothing in my wildest, wickedest dreams could have prepared me for what I walked into.

First, the hotel room was huge... a complete suite.

Second, the first detail I took in was a naked and very tattooed black man sitting on a couch while someone dressed as sluttily as I was sucked his cock while he drank a beer. At first I didn't realize the cock sucker was a fellow sissy... but I would soon discover her true identity, which would rock me to the core.

Third, as the shocks began growing, I saw Denise, Joan's older sister, sitting on another couch, dressed in black leather dominatrix gear that consisted entirely of straps, resulting in for instance her breasts being supported, but completely uncovered. I assumed the same was true of her pussy, since there was a blonde person busy between her legs... the blonde with a dog tail anchored in her ass, licking away... again at first, I couldn't tell who the lucky girl was who was lapping away at the beautiful and busty Denise... Joan's sister's reddish-blonde hair really standing out in the all-black leather.

Fourth, I turned around to see Joan shrugging off her trench coat and revealing that she was wearing the exact same attire as Denise... her breasts too beautifully displayed, and she had somehow been concealing her eight-inch strap-on (which judging from the smacking sounds the blonde was making, Denise was not wearing one of).

Fifth, Denise said, "I can't wait to make you into my cunt-licking bimbo slave."

"Me?" I asked.

"Well, you too of course," she smiled, as she combed her fingers through the perhaps-girl's hair, who I couldn't see clearly... the dim lighting in the room not helping matters. "But, no, tonight Joan and I go will head-to-head."

"Well, our sissies will on our behalf," Joan corrected her.

Sixth, earlier in the day Joan had said something about 'if I won,' which meant I was about to take part in some sort of sissy competition. And which also meant that at least one of the submissive girls in the room... wasn't one.

"True, our sissies will," Denise said, glancing towards the person sucking the black man's cock... who I also couldn't see well, except that he or she was white. "Isn't that right, Michelle?"

Seventh, "Yes, Mistress," the cock sucker said, although his voice made me gasp. 'Michelle' was now revealed as Michael, Denise's stockbroker husband.

"Think you can beat Joan's sissy in some competitions?" Denise asked him/her.

"Of course, Mistress," Michael or Michelle said, glancing at me... he too wearing bright pink slutty clothes and make-up. "I'll beat her easily."

"Are you gonna let her dismiss you like that?" Joan asked me.

I was still processing all this, when Denise said, "Slut, go get my strap-on for me."

Eighth, "Yes, Mistress," a female voice said from between Denise's legs, another voice I recognized... it was Jeanette... Joan and Denise's baby sister. Their shy, quiet sister who always dressed so demurely that I couldn't say for sure whether she had any tits.

Until now, that is. I watched as Jeanette turned away from her sister and crawled, the tail still in her ass and a nice pair of C-cups swaying nakedly beneath her chest, over to a bag on the far side of the room, where she extracted a strap-on, placed it in her mouth, and crawled back to her sister.

"Michelle, stop sucking Master Jones, and come to me," Denise ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," Michelle said, crawling over to her, as I glanced across and saw that Master Jones had a huge fucking BBC. It must be twelve inches when fully erect, which it was. And when I looked over at Michelle, I saw a clitty just as tiny as mine, also trapped inside a metal cage.

"Kneel, Erica," Joan ordered.

"Erica, this is Master Jones; he is Jeanette's professor at college, and her Master whenever they're in private," Denise informed me. Then added, "Although she's also my slut, so sometimes he's willing to share."

"Hi, sir," I said, and then added, "you have a magnificent cock."

"Thank you miss," he said, as it extended upwards from his groin like the most appealing bar of chocolate ever.

"So Erica, the two of you will compete in a series of sissy tasks, and whoever loses will become bottom bitch, and her Mistress will become the bottom bitch for the other Mistress," Denise explained

"So if you lose, I'll have to submit to Denise," Joan said.

I wanted to point out how I thought she'd like that, but perhaps I wasn't correct. Sisters could have quite the rivalry. It did make me wonder however, how long Joan had known Michael was a sissy, and how that connected to my own sissification. I recalled that the first evening she'd queried me about my sissy predilections, she'd been surprisingly conversant with the nuances of the fetish. "I understand, Mistress."

"So don't fucking lose," Joan said.

"Oh, she's going to lose, never fear," Denise said confidently "Your sissy has only a few weeks' experience, while mine has been a sissy slut for years."

"We'll see," Joan said, showing the utmost confidence in me... which made me determined to win.

"Task one is a fashion show. We'll see who dolled up their slut better, with Master Jones making the one and only vote," Denise said.

"Stand up, sissies," Master Jones said, as he took a sip of his beer.

Both of us stood up.

"Michelle, pose for me," the black tattooed stud ordered.

"Yes, Master," Michelle said, and she pranced around looking very feminine, wiggling her ass, and more. She was dressed in a cheerleader outfit and I have to admit, with the wig and huge tits packed into the tight varsity sweater, she could easily pass for a woman. Even for a very hot woman.

"Good," Master approved. "Your turn, Erica."

"Thank you, Master," I nodded, as I sauntered over to him, but was so nervous I stumbled and fell, landing on top of him. "I-I-I'm so sorry!"

"Quite the graceful sissy you have, Joan," Denise laughed, as I struggled my way back to my feet.

"Well, obviously the first point goes to Michelle," Master Jones judged.

I sighed and whispered, "Sorry, Mistress."

"Just be sure to win the next event," she said, looking at me with annoyance for the first time ever.

"I guarantee it," I said, even though I had no idea what the next task was.

"Task two is to demonstrate which of you can hold a ten-inch strap-on cock balls deep for the longest time," Joan announced. "Each sissy will suck her Mistress's competitor's cock."

Michelle crawled over to Joan, and I crawled to Denise. "You know? I knew you were a faggot the first time I met you," Denise said to me.

"Says the woman who married a guy who in high school had more dicks in him than the entire cheerleading squad," Joan countered.

"Let's get this going," Denise said, it seemed not liking to be challenged.

"On the count of three, take the cock all the way into your mouth, and hold it there for as long as you can," Joan explained. "The one who lasts the longest wins the point."

"Don't even bother trying to win, faggot," Denise said. "My sissy can deep throat all night."

"I can go for days," I bluffed, never having done so, but taking her challenge.

"Jeannette you watch Michelle, and Master Jones you watch the faggot wannabe sissy," Denise said, trying to rattle me with her belittlement ... somehow not being aware how any kind of humiliation only enhanced my excitement, and my determination to earn more of it.

"Yes, Mistress," said the cute Jeannette, looking stunningly hot, completely naked except for a garter-belt and red stockings.

"Sure," Master Jones agreed in his deep, dominant voice.

"Three, two, one, deep throat," Joan counted down.

Having sucked so many black cocks recently, I didn't find deep throating ten inches remotely difficult... although in the past I'd never be able to hold it in place tickling my tonsils, for more than a few seconds.

"Any moving away at all, and you're out," Denise added after a few seconds.

I just had to win this one! I had no idea how many tasks there were going to be, but I figured that falling behind two to nothing wouldn't be good for me at all.

"Erica can do this all night," Joan bragged falsely, partly to rattle Michelle, but also I assumed to keep me focused. "He sucks a dozen-plus black cocks every week." That last bit was absolutely true.

"Well he is only a faggot," Denise said.

"And what, pray tell, is the difference between a sissy and a faggot?" Joan asked archly.

"Erica is," she answered.

"Whatever," Joan said. "My sissy, my faggot, my whatever you want to call her... will hold that cock of yours deep in her mouth all night if you let her."

"As will mine," Denise said.

"Come ride my cock, slut," Master Jones ordered Jeanette, getting bored quickly at this task, which was completely uneventful except for the back-and-forth catcalling.

"Yes, Master," Jeanette replied, sounding very excited... as I would be too... since I was indeed a faggot... a faggot for black cock... and I would do anything to suck a BBC, or to get fucked by a BBC.

"Don't let him come," Denise warned, "his seed will be needed for a later challenge."

"I won't, Mistress," Jeanette agreed.

"And when did you make our baby sister into your slut?" Joan said, her tone revealing that her younger sister's presence and participation tonight was an unexpected surprise.

"Recently," Denise answered, before adding, "and I'll be adding a second baby sister to my stable very, very soon. Her eighteenth birthday is in a month, you know."

"Or I'll be taking our youngest baby sister away from you," Joan threatened.

God, listening to these two bicker was so hot!

Suddenly Michelle gagged, and Joan said, "Your faggot has lost this round."

"Sorry, Mistress," Michelle said, obviously devastated to have lost.

I kept Denise's cock in my mouth, planning to keep going until she made the decision to pull it out... just to make a point.

"Like I said big sis, she can go all night," Joan said.

"Oh fuck," Jeanette moaned, swearing for the first time I'd ever heard... unlike Denise and Joan, who each had very foul mouths... which was being proven again tonight.

"Fuck," Denise sighed, pulling her cock out and admitting to me, "fine, you win this one."

I instantly withdrew and turned to watch as Jeanette had her nylon-clad feet resting on Master Jones' strong black legs and was bouncing on his cock... it was one of the hottest, most impressive positions I'd ever seen... porn included.

"When will your friends get here?" Denise asked.

"Whenever we like. They're downstairs in the bar," Master Jones replied.

"Call them up then," Denise said.

"Will do," he said, reaching for his phone. After a moment he said simply, "Come on up."

"How many tasks are there?" I asked, wanting to know how many of them I needed to win.

"Five," Denise answered. "Unless you lose the next two in a row."

"Not happening," I said, gathering confidence from my recent victory.

"We'll see," she smirked, looking down at me.

"Yes, we will," Joan said, as we suddenly all turned to watch their baby sister take twelve inches in her petite frame, bouncing away as if she was a professional gymnast.

"She may be the biggest slut of the three of us," Denise observed.

"Well, she learned from the best," Joan said, and I couldn't tell whether that was a shot at her slutty older sister, or a compliment incorporating both of them. Probably the latter, I decided. She'd never criticized me for being a slut, but instead always heaped on the praise.

Denise also took it as the latter saying, "At least there's one thing all three of us can agree on."

"That we'll do anything for a big black cock," Joan said as if by rote.

"Exactly," Denise nodded, seeming to be as captivated by that black cock as Joan and I were.

Big black cock... the universal equalizer among enlightened white men and women.

"So, task three is simply seeing which of you can get off three black guys the quickest," Denise said.

"Only three?" I asked, trying to come across like I had black cock for breakfast, lunch and dinner... which, for the record, I had done; just not every day.

"And you tell me he isn't a faggot?" Denise asked, looking at my sister.

"I didn't claim Erica wasn't a faggot for BBC," Joan clarified. "I'm just saying so is yours... although I know he'll also suck white cock or any cock he's given, which makes him a bigger faggot than mine."

"He'll suck any cock I tell him to," Denise clarified.

"Because he's a faggot," Joan rebutted. "And he's one for any old cock, while my sissy is a connoisseur of only juicy, big, black cock."

"Once you become my slut, your faggot will be sucking every cock in town," Denise threatened. "Fat college virgin cock, old man cock at the nursing home, and even dirty unwashed cock down on Alpine Street."

That third possibility most definitely did not appeal to me... maybe fat college virgin cock and old man cock if they were black... there's just something impossible to resist about any black cock... but homeless cock, which was the kind living on Alpine Street, well... that was pushing it.

"I'd threaten that with your faggot, but I'm pretty sure you already take him to those places," Joan countered, neither of them backing down in their game of rapidly growing high stakes.

There was a knock at the door interrupting the back and forth banter, and Joan went and answered it. Six black (thank god) studs, all of college age, walked in.

"Holy shit," one said, seeing Jeannette bouncing on her Master's cock.

"Line up boys, in two rows of three," Denise ordered.

"Sure," one said, checking out her tits.

"Pull down your pants, studs," Joan said.

"No problem," another said, as they lined up in two rows of three.

"Thanks for offering your big cocks for our sissy competition," Denise said.

"No problem," one said, and added, "although sexy lady, you sure you don't want to settle yourself into the middle of a nice Oreo?"

"Enticing," Denise nodded, "and definitely a plan for another day when my two sisters and I will show up and you six can gangbang us all night, but today is about our sissies."

"Then we'll be expecting you sluts," one said.

Joan added, "Oh, I'll be happy to take on all six of you myself, just about any day you like."

"Fuck Benny, are these women for real?"

Master Jones, whose given name must be Benny, nodded, "One hundred percent."

"Well, I can't think of anything nicer."

"Sissies, pick your line," Denise ordered, and we each crawled to the three cocks closest to each of us. (Yes, I know I'm objectifying those guys, who most likely have many splendid qualities, but I didn't hear them complaining at the time, so get over it.)

I considered that in many ways this contest could be determined by the luck of the draw. It was partly skill and enthusiasm, etc., but it could also be seriously impacted by the endurance of the cocks. (Had any of them already come today? Did any of them have a quick trigger release, or the reverse... amazing stamina?)

"The rules are simple, sissies," Denise said. "The first one of you to swallow three loads is the winner, and she moves to within a single victory of winning the entire competition."

"Sounds simple," I said, staring at the first black cock before me... eight inches and thick. Nice!

"Oh it is," said the guy whose dick was before me. "Just suck me good, swallow your treat, and move on down the line."


"On three," Joan said. "One, two, three, suck."

I devoured the fat cock before me, and bobbed like it was the last cock I was ever going to suck... like it was my final meal before the electric chair... which, if I was given a death sentence and asked what I wanted for my last meal, I would undoubtably ask for some black cock. (I wonder if they'd have to give it to me. And if so, could I have seconds?)

"Oh, yeah, that's it," my first guy moaned, encouraging me.

"This faggot is amazing," the guy getting blown by Michelle said.

"Yeah, these two Nancy Girls could have a lot of fun at out frat house," my guy said.

"I'm sure they'd both love that," Joan said.

I wanted to concur, but alas I was busy with the task at mouth (yes, a terrible play on words).

"Oh shit, I'm about to come," my guy said about thirty seconds later.

I bobbed even faster, and was rewarded with my first load and the lead. I swallowed it all down and moved on to my second cock... surprisingly only six inches... which for a white guy was decent, but on a black body seemed woefully small. I deep throated his cock, and went to work.

"Fuck," Denise cursed as I took the lead.

"Fuck," Michelle's guy grunted a few seconds after that, and she had tied me at one load apiece.

Luckily, this guy had a quick trigger, and I hadn't been deep throating his cock for more than a minute, before he grunted and spewed his load in my mouth.

"You can't be serious?" Denise sighed dramatically.

"Sorry, ma'am," my second guy apologised sheepishly. "He was really good."

"Thanks," I said, on my way to cock number three.

This one was the biggest... almost ten inches, and pretty thick.

"Suck faster, Michelle, you'd better not fucking lose this," Denise growled.

"I can already see you between my legs lapping away, right before I ass fuck you," Joan said, enjoying my lead.

"It's not over yet," Denise said.

"No, but it's close," Joan said, confident that my expert mouth would extract load number three before Michelle could summon two more loads.

I sucked furiously, taking in all ten inches on every third bob, and I could hear his moans already.

"Yes," Denise said as her champion swallowed her second load. "Now go get that third load for me, Michelle."

"Get this big cock off," Joan ordered me, as the pressure was now on with the score standing at two to two, even though I had a theoretical lead... for if her last guy had a quick trigger, it could be over before I knew it.

I switched to nonstop balls-deep throat bobs, sensing he was close, literally ready to taste my victory, and I was on the verge of receiving it when he grunted, "I can't hold back any longer."

"No you bastard, don't you dare come," Denise demanded, but fruitlessly, just as I felt the third and winning load erupt into my mouth and glide down my throat.

"YES!!" Joan cried out.

"Mother fucker!" Denise cursed.

"That's a great idea," Joan replied.

"Already did that," Denise countered.

"Bullshit," Joan called.

"Our Mom's a great pussy pleaser," Denise reported.

"As good as you're about to be?" Joan asked.

"There are still two more competitions," Denise pointed out, as I nursed the last droplets of my loads, very much enjoying the taste of victory.

"Maybe only one," Joan teased, really pushing her older sister's buttons.

"When Michelle comes from behind to win this, I'm going to fuck your ass so hard," Denise promised.

"Right back at ya," Joan said.

"Fuck yes," the last guy grunted, as Michelle got her third load... too little, too late.

"Well thanks, boys," Joan said. "I hope to see all six of you again very soon."

"Benny can set it up," one guy said as he put his dick away. I looked over, and Jeanette was now sitting... no longer bouncing... on Benny's cock, balls deep... and I imagined she was occupying the best position ever to watch two sissies going head to head giving head (haha).

As the guys left, Master Jones stood up and said, "Both of you two on all fours, side by side."

"Yes, Master," we two sissies replied in unison.

Joan explained, "Whichever one of you can extract his load deep in your cunt wins this round."

"That had better be you, Michelle," Denise barked, then ordered, "Jeanette, take those plugs out of their asses."

"Yes, Mistress, "Jeanette obeyed, moving behind us and pulling out our plugs.

Denise asked Joan, "Heads or tails?"

"Tails," Joan said.

Denise flipped the coin and reported, "It's tails."

"Kindly begin in sissy Erica, Master Jones," Denise said.

"My pleasure," he said, moving behind me.

"Mine too," I said, sounding like the pathetic sissy slut I had become.

Master Jones laughed as he slid his huge cock in my pussy.

"Oh fuck yes," I moaned as he filled me.

"Wanna spit-roast our baby sister?" Denise invited Joan.

"I sure do," Joan nodded, as Master Jones' huge cock filled me up completely. "I get her cunt, since I won the coin toss."

Whichever," Denise shrugged. "I get to use her pussy and ass all the time, so be my guest."

"And soon I'll get yours," Joan countered, confident I would win this for her... as my pussy felt so full.

"Yeah, yeah," Denise said dismissively, as she snapped her fingers, prompting Jeanette to drop to her knees and crawl to her. "Pretty soon you'll be this obedient."

"Yeah, yeah," Joan responded right back, as she moved behind her baby sister, just as Master Jones pulled out of me, not having actually fucked me at all, and moved to Michelle... which was very disappointing.

Yet as I awaited my next turn, I watched the two older sisters, each with her big ten-inch cock, slide inside their baby sister. It was, without a doubt, the hottest thing I had witnessed yet, and in recent weeks I had witnessed a plethora of hot things.

"Ooooooooh," Michelle moaned as she was filled, while I was completely captivated by the incestuous sister act I was watching live.

Denise called out, "Just pound her cunt, Master."

"Oh, I'll be pounding both their cunts, but first I need to get each of them accustomed to me."

"My sissy doesn't need to become accustomed to anything," Denise said.

"Mine either," Joan said, as she slowly fucked her own sister. "Just slam that big black cock in her cunt and get yourself off."

"No, stay inside me," Michelle whined, sounding like a complete bitch in heat. Did I sound that pathetic when I wanted cock in me? Likely, so I certainly wasn't judging.

Master moved behind me, and did indeed slam into me. "Oh yes, Master," I screamed, as his massive cock filled me completely.

"Fuck her ass and dump your load inside her," Joan cheered him on.

"Don't you dare," Denise objected, as I watched the two sisters fucking their sister while I took an honest foot of black cock in my pussy.

"Oh God, it's so fucking big," I declared to anyone who would listen.

"If my baby sister can bounce on that big black cock all day and night, you sissies fucking can too," Denise said, pulling out of her sister's mouth. "Isn't that right, baby slut?"

"Yes, Mistress, any good slut can take a foot of big, fat black cock in her pussy," Jeanette said, sounding so fucking hot coming from any woman, but even more so from the previously (to my knowledge) reserved and unassuming Jeanette.

"I love this foot-long black fuck stiiiiiiiiiick," I moaned, just before he bucked his hips while already all the way inside me, this time making me scream.

"Take it all, you pathetic faggot," Jeanette ordered me wickedly. She might normally be bottom bitch around here, but compared to a sissy she was the Queen of Sheba!

"Yes, Mistress," I agreed, letting her know I was a willing submissive to any woman... as Master pulled out, leaving my gaping asshole dying to be filled again.

"Get back to sucking, slut," Denise ordered, sliding her cock in her sister's mouth.

"Oh yes, fuck my cunt," Michelle moaned, there literally being no evidence in her voice of an ounce of manhood in her... she moaned, she whimpered, and she cried out like a girl.

It was that moment, oddly, when I realized my hormone idea was a bad one, at least for me. I knew I wanted to be a sissy; I wanted to get fucked by black cock, by big strap-ons; I wanted to suck cock; I wanted to swallow men's and women's cum; I wanted to take facials; I wholeheartedly wanted to be a complete slut... yet... I also wanted and needed to hold onto a piece of my manhood. I understood then and there as I awaited my next turn to take a foot of cock into my cunt, that there was a precious balance between my masculine and feminine sides... that I could still be a man to the world, while exploring and surrendering to my feminine sissy side whenever it was safe to do so.

"Get that black cock's cum deep in your pussy, baby," Denise encouraged.

"I will," Michelle moaned, ironically just as Master Jones pulled out of her pussy and slid back into mine.

I wasn't a big fan of sharing black cock with another sissy.... I wanted it all to myself. I begged, "Fuck my pussy, Master, and please give me that dominant load."

"Yes, fill my sissy's pussy with that magnificent cock and cum," Joan added, as she continued fucking her sister from behind.

My clitty was on fire! Twelve inches of dick was teasing my pussy, and watching a totally incestuous lesbian threesome was a lot to take in.

"Suck my cock, baby sis," Denise ordered.

"Just like you'll soon be sucking mine," Joan said, glancing back to me as Master Jones slowly slid in and out of me while I moaned like a bitch in heat... wanting him to ream me again.

"Faster, Master, just pound my pussy," I begged, wanting to feel his entire body slamming into me, as I became no more than a vessel for his pleasure.

"All in good time," he said, ignoring my begging, and pulling out again after perhaps a dozen strokes.

"Oooooooooh," I whined, not at all hiding my disappointment at having to share. I could get jealous when Joan chose a big cock over me... although I was learning to deal with it... but sharing some stud's dick with another sissy was super annoying... and frustrating. I really wanted that cock all to myself.

Denise pulled out and Jeanette instantly said, "Yes, Joan, slam that big cock in my pussy, I've wanted to be your sister slut forever!"

"Really?" Joan said, still a little stunned to see her youngest sister behaving like this. She'd long known of Denise's wild sexual history, but Jeanette had never before been mentioned in such terms.

"Yes, so badly," Jeanette said, as she began to bounce back to meet Joan's thrusts.

"She's one of the nastiest sluts I've ever turned," Denise said as she slid her cock back into her sister's mouth, and I watched as the shy, reserved girl smoothly rocked back and forth... a position I had come to love whenever given the opportunity... especially with two big, black, fully-loaded cocks.

"Turned?" Joan asked.

"A story for another time," Denise said, as I felt Master Jones' hands returning to my hips.

My clitty ached with anticipation in its cage as he slid back into me... fucking me hard and deep. "Oh yes, Master, fuck my slut cunt."

"She is quite the slut," Denise allowed.

'Yours too," Joan admitted, taking a momentary break from their win-at-all-costs game, to show some respect to the opposing player.

"Yeah, it's all about the training," Denise said, as Master Jones roughly fucked me for perhaps twenty strokes this time, and pulled out.

"My little slut is still in training, but she's a fast learner, and she'd been living in denial for years, poor thing," Joan shared, the two Mistresses having a casual conversation about the condition of my sexuality as their sister fucked herself between their two cocks. The entire scene... incestual threesome and sissy cunts waiting their turn to be fucked, accompanied by sweet conversation... it was all so hot and surreal.

"The ones finally finding their heart's desire are often the easiest," Denise said, watching her husband getting ass fucked hard.

"So, what about Mom?" Joan said.

"She took some work," Denise said before adding, "but that too, is a story for another time."

"You have me curious," Joan said, as Master Jones returned to me.

"Nice word choice," Denise smiled.

The women both laughed, as Master Jones was now going back and forth between us two sissies... five deep penetrations and switch... it was exhilarating, but equally frustrating... wave after wave of pleasure beginning to rise, but then sagging back down. Denise added, "She was curious too... before she became my Mommy pet."

"Oh fuck, may I please come, Mistresses?" Jeanette asked, as her sounds of euphoria approached a summit.

"Yes," they both said together, and again smiled at each other, as this rivalry remained friendly for now.

"Thank you," Jeannette moaned loudly, as she furiously slammed into Joan's cock like a bitch in rapture... which she was.

"Tighten that cunt," Denise ordered her husband. "Milk that load out of him."

"I'm trying, Mistress," Michelle moaned, clearly enjoying the foot-long fuck as much as I was whenever it was my turn

"Get that load," Joan ordered me, as the monster cock slammed back into me.

"I want it so bad," I moaned, loving the feeing of a big warm load exploding in my pussy.

"One of you two bitches is getting it real soon," Master Jones promised.

"Get that load," Denise ordered, since I hadn't gotten it in my most recent five-stroke fury.

"Yesssss!" Jeanette screamed, as her orgasm hit her and she collapsed forward, trembling like an earthquake was tremoring inside her.

"Oh shit," Master Jones grunted.

"Noooooo, inside meeee," I pleaded, but to no avail, as his expression said it all.

"YES!!" Denise cheered.

"Fuck," Joan sighed.

"Oh yes, fill my cunt," Michelle moaned rapturously, and I was so jealous that not only had she tied the score at two and two, but she was receiving that delicious load I'd been working so hard to win.

"So it all comes down to one final competition," Denise said.

"I guess that finale is more dramatic," Joan philosophised.

"Ooooooh, God," Jeanette moaned from where she was collapsed on the floor still shuddering through her orgasm, as her two sisters stood over her, chatting.

"I still can't believe you turned our innocent baby sister," Joan said, clearly still astonished by that feat... as was I.

"Every girl can be turned, when given the right triggers," Denise said.

"Every one of them?" Joan asked.

"You know that saying about there always being someone tougher than yourself?" Denise asked.

"Yeah, sure," Joan said, as I listened, curious myself... still on all fours and feeling utterly empty.

"It's the same for a Mistress," she said. "For every strong-willed woman, there's someone she can submit to, when faced with the right circumstances."

"You've been turned?" Joan asked.

"I do have a Mistress, yes," Denise admitted. "Her name is Big Rosie, and she has the most delicious pussy in the fucking world."

"Yep, she sure does," Jeanette groaned, still coming.

"My task was to turn my sister, so I could earn the privilege of eating her chocolate pussy cream pie for a second time, and there was no way I wasn't going to be allowed to dine on it again," Denise said. "Believe me, at first I balked. It was incest, after all."

"And Mom?" Joan asked.

"Another task from Mistress Rosie," Denise said, then added, "although surprisingly, she was a lot easier. Jeanette was quite defiant at first, but again that's a story for another time. Let's find out whose sissy becomes bottom bitch, and which sister becomes Mistress to you all."

"Let's do it," Joan said, her tone making it clear she was really fucking horny.

"Sissies, back up to each other, cunt to cunt on all fours," Denise ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," Michelle nodded.

I was a little confused at first, but I followed Michelle's lead, and was soon ass to ass with her.

"Your final task is very simple... don't cum," Denise said, as she went to the goody bag and pulled out a huge double-ended dildo. "Whoever comes first loses and becomes bottom slut to everyone, and her Mistress is honour-bound to submit to the winner's. And that's how things will be going forward, not just for tonight."

"Here's where your training comes in. You need to control that load, Erica," Joan ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, a little worried, as all the stimulation and cunt pounding had gotten my clitty very stimulated.

Denise knelt between us and slid the dick inside each hole. We both moaned as we were filled with the toy dick.

"Now fuck each other, sissies," Denise ordered.

Both of us obeyed instantly, knowing what was on the line... complete humiliation and ongoing bad news for our Mistress... or triumph.

"Winner gets to fuck the other's cunt," Joan announced, after we'd slammed our asses together a dozen times.

That made my eyes go wide, as I most certainly didn't want to get fucked by a white guy... a sissy even... potentially my future brother-in-law... with a tiny dick. I knew I had to focus on holding back my cum at all costs... even though my balls were boiling and my clitty was on fire.

"I'm going to pound your cunt so hard," Michelle promised me, as she slammed her ass onto mine... and between us we were taking the entire toy in our pussies.

"Noooooo," I moaned, hating the idea, yet feeling my caged cock burning with eagerness.

"Fuck the slut Michelle, make her come," Denise exhorted.

"Don't you dare come, sissy," Joan ordered me, sensing, I think, that I was losing.

"I'm trying," I replied, although that made me sound even more pathetic, and hinted that I was indeed losing.

"You'll be eating my cunt very soon, Joan," Denise claimed confidently.

"Never!" Joan declared defiantly.

"Come sissy, and you can watch your girlfriend commit incest by eating her big sister's cunt," Denise said to me. "Can you picture that?"

"Oooooooh," I moaned, both from the pleasure of the ass fuck, and the visual of Joan on her knees between her hot sister's legs.

"Don't, Erica," Joan said, her tone sounding bossy, but also concerned.

"Come right fucking now sissy, and you'll get to watch me fuck your girlfriend's face, pussy and asshole, each right after the last," Denise added, as she stroked her big cock while leering at me. Damn, did she have sexy boobs. And they were glowing with perspiration!

"Ooooooooh," I moaned again, knowing I was that close to coming.

"Erica, no, no, no," Joan wailed in a panic, recognizing that moan I was making, knowing how close I was to coming.

Feeling Michelle's balls banging me as her ass slammed into mine, added to Denise's dominant tone and her wicked visuals as she ordered me to come, I could no longer control my clitty as I screamed, my clitty erupting all over the floor, "Sorry!"

"No," Joan mumbled, with all the starch gone out of her, sounding completely deflated.

"Knees, slut," Denise ordered, wasting no time at all in taking control of the situation and her victory.

"Denise, please," Joan pleaded, as I watched, feeling just as deflated as she looked.

"Oh God, just keep fucking me," Jeanette moaned, as I looked back to see her Master pounding her from behind.

"Now, slut," Denise ordered in a dominant voice. "Your faggot lost. Now drop to your fucking knees before your Mistress!"

"Fuck," Joan said, as she took a moment to glare at me, before lowering herself before her sister.

"Good girl," Denise said, clearly amused at what had transpired.

"You fucking love this, don't you?" Joan asked.

"Of course I do," Denise smiled, as she added to Michelle, "Come here baby, and I'll uncage you."

"Thank you, Mistress," Michelle said, as he crawled away from me towards Denise, the double dildo falling onto the carpet behind him.

Denise took a key off her necklace and handed it to Joan. "Unlock my sweetie so he can fuck your bitch."

"Fine," Joan said, taking the key, and once again glaring at me.

"Yes, what?" Denise asked.

"Yes, Mistress," Joan replied, knowing the drill but even so, sighing dramatically.

"Good girl," Denise said, actually patting Joan's head.

I could tell Joan was furious, yet I could also tell she was horny... her red cheeks giving her away.

Joan unlocked the cage, and Denise said, "Now go and fuck your new slut."

"Yes, Mistress," Michelle agreed.

"Oh yes, Master, slam that big black dick in my cunt," Jeanette moaned, as I tried to watch both surreal scenes going on before me... my head going back and forth as if I was watching a tennis match, forgetting I was about to get fucked.

"Now suck my dick, sister slave slut," Denise ordered, sliding the artificial cock into Joan's mouth.

"Oh fuck, you did it," Jeanette moaned, as she got herself fucked while watching her two older sisters go at it for the first time.

"I told you I would," Denise crowed, as my Joan began bobbing on the cock... her futile resistance seeming already to be over.

I felt Michelle's hands on my hips, and then his/her cock sliding inside me... which I found confusing to process... if a sissy is fucking you with a dick (of whatever size), are they a he or a she?... but back to the subject, following the big toys and big fat black cocks.... I could hardly tell (s)he was inside me.

"Oh yes, fuck her," Denise encouraged her 'man'.

"Yes, fuck her asshole," Jeanette added.

"While I fuck yours," Professor Jones added.

"Yes please, slam that black dick up my white asshole," the I'd-always-thought-she-was-so-sweet-and-innocent Jeanette replied.

"As you wish," the professor said.

"I guess I should fuck your asshole too," Denise said, pulling her cock out of Joan's mouth as both Jeanette and I were pounded from behind... although while Jeanette was taking an amazing foot-long, I was taking such a baby dick it hardly qualified as pounding.

"If you're going to fuck me, then get it over with," Joan said, acting as if she wasn't liking this at all, even though to me it was clear she was powerfully turned on.

Denise too saw through Joan's façade, "You certainly aren't about to win an academy award in acting. Now get on all fours like everyone here knows you want to, and face your sissy."

"Whatever," Joan said unconvincingly, still wearing her own strap-on.

"And take that silly cock off, too," Denise ordered. "You won't be needing it anymore tonight."

"Can I fuck Joan too?" Jeanette asked, her moans increasing as her ass was drilled.

"Of course, little sister. We'll double team her in a bit," Denise promised, to me the idea of watching Joan get DP'd by her sisters so fucking hot.

"That wasn't the deal," Joan protested, as she obediently tossed her strap-on aside.

"The deal was that the loser becomes a submissive slut for the winner," Denise said, slapping Joan's ass. "That means you'll do whatever I fucking say!"

Joan yelped, "Whatever, just fuck me."

"Beg for it, bitch," Denise ordered, slapping her ass again, as Jeanette and I got fucked... one of us enjoying it a lot more than the other, since Michelle may have proven herself over the years to be a good fuckee, but she (definitely she) wasn't much of a fucker.

"Fuck me big sister, fuck my ass," Joan replied, now sounding somewhat believable, as Denise rubbed her cockhead against her pussy.

"You can do better than that," Denise said, as she slammed her cock in her sister's ass.

"Oh fuck," Joan moaned, as her ass was filled.

"Beg, bitch," Denise ordered again, deep in her ass.

"Fine," Joan sighed. "Please fuck my ass with your big cock."

"Because who owns this asshole?" Denise asked, bucking her hips three times.

"Oh fuck," Michelle grunted and shot her load in my pussy... the most anti-climactic climax I'd ever received.

"Oh yes Daddy, fuck my asshole, fill me with your dominant cum," Jeanette begged at top volume, clearly close to another orgasm.

"You do," Joan moaned loudly, her façade of pretending she didn't want this to happen almost completely gone.

"Who does?" Denise asked, with three more deep, hard trusts.

"Oh my god, you've got me! You do, Mistress Denise," Joan declared with utter sincerity.

"I believe I prefer hearing Mistress Big Sister," Denise corrected her, accompanied by three more big, deep thrusts, as Michelle pulled out of me.

"Yes, Mistress Big Sister," Joan agreed.

"Good slut," Denise smiled, as she began fucking her ass.

"Oh yes, please fuck my ass, Mistress Big Sister," Joan moaned.

"You enjoying this, faggot?" Denise asked me.

"Oh fuck," Jeanette screamed, as she came from her foot-long ass fucking.

"Yeah, fuck," Professor Jones grunted, as he apparently came right along with her.

"Yes, Mistress Denise," I answered, assuming that was the proper response. She was now my Mistress, too.

"You are enjoying this, aren't you," Joan asked me, and my heart leapt, because according to her tone, she wasn't angry at me anymore.

"I really am, Mistress; watching you with your sister is so hot," I admitted.

"Want to see your girlfriend get spit-roasted?" Jeanette asked me, as she got up and grabbed the unused strap-on, even as I saw cum leaking out of her ass.

"Get our new faggot to eat the cum out of your asshole first, baby sis," Denise ordered.

"Ooooooh," Jeanette said, "Good idea!" as she backed up to me and ordered, "Eat all that black cum, faggot."

"Yes, Mistress Jeanette," I obeyed, as I spread her ass cheeks and sucked the cum out of her asshole. Now here was a task I could really get into!

"Oh yes, what a good faggot," Jeanette moaned. I sucked out as much cum as I could, fancying myself a vacuum cleaner of cum.

"Oh, yes, fuck myyyyy ass," Joan moaned, totally lost in the experience, as her orgasm was rising quickly.

"Shut her mouth up, baby sis," Denise ordered.

"Yes indeed, Mistress," Jeanette said, as she moved away from me and put the strap-on, well... on.

"I watched as Joan was ass fucked hard, and then as Jeanette shoved her cock in her mouth so she was being spit-roasted by her two sisters... which I found especially satisfying since she was the middle child, and now she was the middle of the family sex sandwich.

For a couple minutes the rest of us watched while my girlfriend and her sisters got into a smooth, incestuous rocking horse. It may have been the hottest thing I'd seen yet... or at least tied with watching her getting gangbanged by black cock.

"Master Jones, are you ready to fuck my newest slut's asshole?" Denise asked.

"Of course," he said, his cock not ever seeming to go down.

"Oh yes, Master, give me that big black cock," Joan moaned, as both cocks were pulled out of her.

"Straddle me, slut," Jeanette ordered, as she lay on her back.

"Yes, Mistress," Joan obeyed eagerly, fully accepting her new position as bottom incest slut.

Joan lowered her pussy onto Jeanette's strap-on and took Denise into her mouth, no doubt tasting herself on the fake cock, as Master Jones slid into her ass.

For a few minutes there was just moaning, as Joan was triple penetrated to multiple orgasms, before they ended up in a lesbian daisy chain at Master Jones order, as Joan ate Denise, Denise ate Jeanette, and Jeanette ate Joan.

Master Jones came over to me and shoved his cock in my mouth to deposit his last load into it, following his marathon ass fucking of Joan.

As I swallowed his load, he said, "Reverse," which confused me for a moment, until the girls spun around and ate pussy the other way round.

After all three girls came again and Master had left, Denise offered, "You two newcomers can sleep on the floor."

And as I tried to fall asleep on the hard floor, which at least had a carpet with a reasonable pile, I listened to the girls talking and giggling in the bedroom... wondering how tonight would change things between Joan and me... Or whether it would at all.

As I had already learned though... sex was sex... and our relationship didn't change... it just continued getting stronger, even when Denise or Jeanette summoned us for play nights.

Six months later... she became my wife... and we celebrated the wildest wedding night in the history of anyone's wedding nights... which by now also included Joan's mom Agnes and her youngest sister Shelly... and actually the entire day was wild as fuck... literally.

THE END
