When I was in college money was hard to come by most of the time. In fact I had enough debt in school loans that I didn't think I'd ever get free. I was working minimum wage jobs, and it only paid enough to keep me in fast food and my monthly membership to the gym. I'd goofed off long enough with little jobs for a time, and finally got myself into college to try and get a job that paid enough to live on.

The only thing that kept me sane was working out. You know pumping Iron until my muscles burned like fire. I admit I was obsessed with how my body looked, but everyone needs a hobby. And I wanted to be the next Arnold Schwarzenegger but it never happened. What did happen was it got me one of the wildest jobs I've ever had!

At 24 I was pretty damn buff! I had the 6-pack abs, big biceps and chest, and a tiny waist. I'd also been blessed with being tall and good looking. At least that's what the girls I managed to get in my bed told me. All I knew was that it wasn't all that difficult for me to pick up almost any female that struck my fancy.

Sex was easy for me to get, and the ladies seemed to like the size of Jimmy. I started calling my penis Jimmy back in high school when some of my friends on the football team saw me in the shower. I was getting dressed and this kid named Nate had forgotten his combination to his lock. He saw me naked and said, "Hey Jase, bring that big dick over here and Jimi this lock open!"

Everybody was standing around and started laughing and pointing at my cock. I guess it was big enough for them to make fun of it back then, but I was the one laughing now. I could get laid anytime I wanted, and Nate had turned into a real nerd with an ugly wife telling him what to do all the time. If they knew about what I ended up doing for work, they would have crapped in their pants!

Anyway back to how this all got started.

I was working out one afternoon and it was hot as hell in the college gym. I had shorts and tennis shoes on with my weight belt pumping iron like a mad man when this lady came in. She had on a business suit and wasn't bad looking. Sort of prim and proper, not much over five foot five, fairly thin with a nice rack. She was acting like she owned the place and I wondered if she was college staff until I saw her eyes.

She was looking over all the guys like she was shopping. It wasn't that unusual because lots of times college girls would check us out... giggle and go on their way. I was surprised when she stopped next to me and watched me on the bench press.

I finished my set and sat up with a sweaty body and my arms were pumped up hard as rocks.

"Excuse me can I bother you for a minute?" She asked.

"Sure, what's on your mind?"

The woman was around thirty something and not bad looking for her age.

"Are you looking for work by any chance?"

"Yeah, I'm always looking for a way to make some money."

"My name is Melanie, call me Mel for short." She said, and offered me her hand to shake.

"I'd like you to come down to my office and have an interview when you have time."

I stood up and she was appraising my body with her eyes. I was pretty used to that but not from an older woman.

"What kind of job?" I asked.

"All I can tell you now is that you can make some serious money. If you come down for an interview I'll explain it in detail. Are you interested?"

I thought it was kind of mysterious but it wasn't like the local Taco Bell had made me sign a contract so I agreed.

Mel and I worked out a time, and she wrote it down on the back of a business card. I looked at the card as she walked out and all it said on the front was, "H4H Inc." It said Melanie Griffin President, along with the address. That seemed a bit strange to me, but I tossed the card in my gym bag and headed for my dorm.

The next afternoon when my classes were over I drove down to the "Warren Suites" on the west side of Tampa. It was a tall office building with black glass windows. When I got inside and looked at the directory in the lobby, most of the building was full of rich people. You know Doctors, lawyers, investments, etc. I'm sure you know what I mean; you probably have the same kind of place in your town. Tampa seems to attract money so it wasn't all that unusual as I punched the button on the elevator.

I rode the glass elevator up to the 14th floor and found the door marked, "H4H Inc." and went inside.

There was a cute girl around my age working behind a huge mahogany desk.

"Can I help you?" She smiled at me.

"I'm here to see Ms. Griffin."

"You must be Jason Samuelson."

"Sure am."

"I'll let Mel know that you're here. Please have a seat."

I sat down on a leather chair and looked at the magazines. They didn't give away any clues as to what sort of business it was. Magazines like "People and Time," Neatly stacked on the expensive coffee table.

I noticed the girl checking me out occasionally as I waited. I considered asking her out but was interrupted when Mel came out of a big door.

"Hi Jason," she said, I'm glad you decided to show up."

I followed her into the biggest office I'd ever seen. It had a huge rich looking desk on one side. A large wet bar with several expensive leather chairs on the other. And damn.. The back wall was all glass looking down on the city!

Mel motioned me to a chair in front of her desk and took off her suit coat. I had to admit the woman had some nice looking firm round tits barely held in check by her white blouse. They didn't look real, to round and perfect if you get my drift.

"I'm glad you came in Jason. It's so nice to see you again!"

"Thanks," I told her, "People usually just call me Jase."

"Okay Jase, let me explain what we do here at H4H."

I interrupted her, "What does that stand for?"

She gave me a big smile and sat back sticking her chest out, "It stands for Hunks for Hire. We supply men...dancers to private parties, events, etc."

I understood where she was going with that right away, "Male strippers like those Chip N Dale guys?"

"Exactly, but those guys keep their speedo's on. The guys that work for me have to take it all off."

She studied my face to see what my reaction would be.

I kept my composure, "And you want me to be a stripper?"

"Let's just say you have a lot of potential. You are a tall, good Looking guy, with a buff body that women dream about."

I was sitting there wondering what it would be like to run around naked in front of a bunch of strange women. I guessed I could do it if I had a few beers, or the money was right.

"I'm not much of a dancer." I told her.

"Trust me these clients don't give a damn about your dancing skills. They want to get drunk, feel you up, and wish you were going to take them to bed."

"So you want to make me a male whore?" I asked, a little pissed by her insinuation.

"Oh please, spare me the drama. I'm offering you a chance to make a lot of easy money."

"What's in it for you?"

"I'm going to make money at the same time. I provide a service for my rich clients, who want their privacy protected. These women usually are rich and bored. They like to have some wicked fun and are willing to pay handsomely for it."

I pictured a bunch of ugly old grandma's yelling at me to take it off, "How much money are we talking about?"

"You get $500 guaranteed for each appearance. What you make in tips can easily exceed that amount. It depends on you at that point."

I asked her flat out, "Do I have to have sex with them?"

"That would be illegal and I don't condone that kind of behavior," She replied, with a sly twist to her lips, "But, I'm sure it goes on from time to time. Of course, I wouldn't have any knowledge of such a thing, and as the owner of H4H I tell all my employees that it's strictly forbidden! Some touching is going to happen but sexual contact is against the rules. And in two years, I've never heard any complaints from my customers about inappropriate behavior."

I read between those lines as, "It's on you but I expect my customer's to be happy with your performance."

"I understand."

"Good, now I'd like to take your measurements for our catalog if you're still interested, and a couple of photos."

Mel pushed a button on her intercom, "Tracy can you bring in the camera."

In a closet was one of those scales like a doctor's office. They got my height and weight and when I was done with that Tracy had a digital camera in her hand and an evil smile on her pretty face.

Mel led me over to the sofa, "You can get undressed here."

"Say what?"

"Oh come on, this is a job where you run around naked in front of strangers. Are you so shy you can't strip for us?"

Tracy was grinning this time; I think she was enjoying how uncomfortable I was.

"If you've changed your mind now is the time to tell me." Mel said, both of them standing there waiting for me to strip down.

I stood up kicked off my tennis shoes and took off everything but my boxers.

"Those need to come off too," She pointed at my underwear, "We need to get a look at your package."

It felt weird taking my clothes off for them. It was usually me getting the girl naked, not the other way around!

I yanked them down and stepped out of them. Both ladies looked at my cock and Tracy's eyes got big around.

"Very nice Jase, I think you're going to make us both a lot of money!" Mel told me, "Could you stand by the bar."

I stood by the bar as Tracy fumbled with the camera and took a front, side, and rear photo.

"Cute butt too!" Tracy told Mel.

I felt like a piece of meat being inspected, but I guess that's what I was. The shoe was definitely on the other foot for the first time in my life.

"Do you have any performance problems?" Mel asked, as Tracy put the camera back in its case.

"I don't dance very well."

"That's not what I mean," Mel said, "I mean does it work like it's supposed to?" She pointed at my cock.

I felt a flush on my cheeks, "Well yeah...I mean I haven't had any complaints!"

Tracy laughed, "I bet not!"

"Tracy, let's see if he's telling the truth."

Tracy had a huge grin on her face and walked right up to me and grabbed my dick.

"Hey what are you doing?" I said.

"Jase, all kinds of women are going to grab your penis, ass, and anything else they want. You might as well get used to it right now."

"He needs to shave." Tracy said, looking down at my crotch as she began to stroke my dick.

I knew about shaving because I already shaved my body so my muscles would look better. I'd never shaved my pubic hair before and wondered what else I would have to do.

My dick didn't have that problem. It was getting big and hard as Tracy manipulated it like an expert. She kept looking down at it and seemed to be enjoying it immensely.

"Are you a minute man?" Mel asked watching my cock as Tracy teased my knob with her finger tip.

"Huh?"

"Do you cum right away or can you hold it for a while?"

"I never really thought about it." I replied, and was really starting to enjoy the dick massage I was receiving.

"I can give you some pills to help with that." Mel remarked, "Can't have you shooting your load the first time several women start playing with you."

My mind was getting totally blown away by that point. I was being discussed like a copy machine or something. I had a raging hard cock and it desperately needed more attention.

"That will be all Tracy." Mel said,

"But..."

I said, "That's enough!"

Tracy reluctantly let go of my cock and mumbled something as she went out the door.

"Jase have a seat on the couch over there."

I felt like a fool walking over to it with my cock standing straight out swaying back and forth in front of me. I sat down and Mel came over in front of me, "You have anything against older women?" She asked, and pulled her blouse out of her skirt.

"No."

"We'll, let me be the judge of that."

I watched in amazement as she unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it next to me. She undid the front clasp on her bra and it came off quickly. She had the best set of boobs money could buy, but I wasn't complaining as she pushed my legs apart and got on her knees.

Mel took a hold of my cock, bent down and licked the knob a few times before she took it in her mouth and started giving me head.

The woman was no beginner and I was gritting my teeth as she worked me over like a pro! I was thinking this was the best job interview I'd ever had as she bobbed up and down on my cock.

Mel had my cock nice and soaking wet with saliva when she stopped, and then crawled up on her knees over my lap. Her nice big boobs were practically in my face. Mel gave me a big smile, reached up under her skirt and aimed my cock straight up.

I felt bare wet pussy instead of panties as she rubbed my knob between her folds and then sat down and let it slide into her.

"Suck my nips." She told me and sank lower, taking half of my shaft up her steamy hot cunt. I couldn't believe it as she began to fuck me and put a nipple to my mouth. I sucked it and she let out a little hiss of air and took more of my cock up inside.

In a few more strokes I felt her juice running down my shaft and tickling my balls. Then she sat all the way down on my cock and wiggled her hips forward and back, "Feels like about nine inches, nice and thick too!"

"Eight and 3/4s" I told her, and squeezed both of her perfect boobs with my hands.

Mel laughed, "I haven't met a man yet, who didn't measure how big his dick is. MMmmm... And yours feels just about perfect Jase."

Mel got serious then and started to buck up and down on me, and it was all I could do not to shoot off right away. I mean the whole thing was so absurd! Not to mention the woman really knew how to fuck!

"I couldn't let you go home with it sticking out of your pants now could I?" She hissed, and then moaned as she rode me a bit faster.

At that point I really didn't care about anything but shooting my load deep in her hot juicy snatch!

"Are you going to cum for me baby?" She whispered, "Oh mommy wants you to cum in her hot pussy...Mmmmm...You're going to make mommy cum!"

I can't say that any woman had ever told me that before. But like I said her pussy felt wonderful sliding up and down on my dick. I put my hands up under her skirt and grabbed her bare hips, pulling her down on my cock as I thrust upwards as hard as I could.

"Oh YEAH! OH YES baby give it to ME!" Mel yelled, as our bodies slapped together, "Give it to me Jase! Ooooh FUCK YESSSS!"

Mel started to cum, and I felt her pussy tighten up around my cock. I let out a grunt as my load began to spurt up inside of her. I came more than usual as her vagina pulsed and gripped my jerking dick with practiced ease.

She came to a rest in my lap, with my cock buried to the hilt. "You're going to make so much money you won't believe it." She told me and kissed me on the lips. I felt her pussy squeeze my cock a couple of more times and then she got off me.

"There's a bathroom over there if you want to get cleaned up." She told me and picked up her bra and blouse and went off to another small restroom behind the bar. I got up and used it because my crotch was a mess of cum and juice. When I was almost dressed Mel showed up looking like nothing had happened.

"I'll be sending you some information, give your email address to Tracy on the way out."

I guessed that I'd been dismissed and went out the door. Tracy was giving me this look as I gave her my email address. When we finished she slid a scrap of paper to me.

I picked it up and it was a phone number, "Call me sometime!" Tracy said, and then answered a ringing phone.

I left wondering what the hell I had gotten myself into. I was young and didn't care all that much, who wouldn't want to make money having their cock sucked?

A few days later I received an email from H4H with a bunch of rules. I think it was mainly to protect them from the employees getting caught having sex at these gigs they put on. I didn't care as long as I made some fast money...free and clear.

I could even wear a costume as long as it came off easily. I mulled over that one for a bit because that seemed like a good idea. It was a big city but I didn't want to take a chance on someone recognizing me while I was "dancing."

I started looking at costumes on line and when I saw it...it was perfect!

I found a Spiderman underwear costume on line. It had a man's speedo type brief that barely covered your package. It came with long gloves and a top piece that left your chest bare. But the best part for me was it had the mask. The eyes had lenses and no mouth opening. I could cover my whole head and nobody would recognize me.

The next day I drove down to a local costume place and bought one. It was a good thing because I had my first gig that following Friday night.

On Friday I met up with three other guys outside of the "Eaton Estates" hotel and spa. It was me, Jackson a black dude, Johnny, and Fletcher.

"First time bro?" Jackson asked me.

"Yeah, what do I do?"

Jackson laughed, "You give the ladies the dick man!"

"Yeah, just flash it and cash it!" Johnny added, "These drunks will pull your dick off and keep it if you ain't careful."

I put on my Spiderman suit, and felt like a fool.

"Better take one of these my man." Jackson said handing me a little white capsule.

"What is it?"

"Half Viagra and half desensitizer," He told me, "You can fuck all night with one of these bad boys!"

I swallowed it dry and it didn't want to go down. Jackson handed me a beer and after that the night was kind of foggy. I wasn't much of a drinking man and the combination was enough I didn't really give a fuck by the time the show started.

I remember going into this conference room where it was packed with older women of all shapes and sizes. Loud music played and we ran around the room getting tips shoved in our tiny underwear. Women were rubbing my package, ass, and flashing me their tits.

It got crazier as the women cheered each other on and got themselves worked up into a frenzy. They pulled my little undies down and played with my dick.

It sprung up from that pill and stayed that way for the whole hour we ran around collecting cash. I think at least twenty different women sucked my cock that night. It was really all a blur but a fun blur I have to admit!

Some ladies would suck it for a few seconds and there were some who didn't want to let it go!

I had women opening their tops to show me boobs while they sucked on my dick. I saw Jackson acting like he was fucking, pumping his big black cock back and forth in a woman's mouth. He had one foot up on her chair and was pushing her head down on his cock.

I learned from that, and did the same thing. Cash was being stuffed inside of this bag I had tied around my neck. I think it was for kids to keep jacks in but it worked perfect for stuffing with money.

That pill really worked, I was having a good time and didn't feel like I was going to cum for a long time. Everything has its limits and towards the end of the hour this big breasted woman was sucking my dick while another one was licking my balls.

All of a sudden I shot several huge spurts of cum and the woman looked surprised at first, and then swallowed it and licked my knob clean, while her friends cheered that she'd got me off.

She gave me a big wad of cash along with her phone number. I stuffed it in my purse thing and ran off as the show ended. I was exhausted after words and Jackson told me, "Not bad for a rookie...you make some bank?"

I couldn't get all that cash out it my little bag was so packed. When I got home and got that sweaty money out to dry. I had almost $800 dollars, plus the $5oo that I got from Melanie. Not bad for an hour's work!

Over the next two months I worked several shows a week. H4H was a hot commodity for those that could afford us. I was making more cash than I thought possible and having a good time doing it.

I got a call late one Thursday from Melanie, "Hi Jase," she said, The Amazing Spider Man is becoming to be one of my most requested dancers."

"Cool!" I told her, "So what can I do for you."

"Well, I think you're ready to go solo if you can handle it?"

"Sure, what's the gig?"

"I've got a special request that we usually shy away from," She told me, "It's a younger group of women wanting to give a friend a bachelorette party before she gets married in a few weeks."

"Okay so what's the deal?"

"Double the money up front, tips are on you. Are you interested?"

For that kind of money of course I was interested, "Sure, give me the details."

I got the scoop about the hotel I was supposed to go to, the time and all that stuff. I hung up and marked it down as a big time paying gig. I guess it was bound to happen sooner or later. I mean the odds were that the more I did this job, that sooner or later I'd run into someone I knew.

All I could hope for when it happened was that the Spiderman mask kept me from being recognized. I felt pretty secure because it had lenses over the eyes and no mouth opening. Sure it was hot but it covered my head completely and kept me anonymous.

Besides I wasn't about to stop and give up all the cash I was making. I'd made so much already that I'd moved out of the dorm into a nice one bedroom apartment. It wasn't the best available, but it was much nicer than living in the dorm.

The gig was for Saturday night. And I had a specific set of instructions mailed to me. Inside the envelope was a keycard for the hotel door. The place was clear on the outskirts of town but at a very expensive spa/hotel type establishment. I was to go in the room and wait until midnight. At midnight the connecting door would be opened to the other room.

I was to be in costume already, and go in with my jam box and do my dance to the "Spiderman" song which had become my trade mark. I really didn't know anything about the clients other than it would be a small party of five women who had paid handsomely for my talent.

I got to the room early, took a shower and touched up my shaving. I made sure everything was hairless and put on some nice smelling lotion that made me look all shinny. Then just to be safe, I took one of my magic pills that I got from Melanie. I'm not sure what they were made out of, but to someone in my profession they made the difference between a few tips...and big money.

An hour before show time I heard them arrive at the room next door. They sounded drunk as hell which made my job much easier. I listened at the connecting door. I hear female voices laughing and giggling and some music playing.

I heard occasional loud laughter and voices. I couldn't quite make out what they were saying but you know how drunks sound. It sounded like cash to me.

Five minutes to midnight I checked my Jam-box one last time. Put on my little blue G-string and my Spiderman mask. Pulled up my soft calf high stretchy red boots and checked myself in the mirror.

I really liked how my tattoo had healed. It had hurt like hell, and cost me quite a bit of cash. You see, I'd had a spider web tattooed around the front of my crotch and let me tell you that hurt a lot!

The base of my cock was the center of the web, and it spread out from there wrapping around the sides of my hips. It was just plain black. It drew attention to my cock and balls and in this business that was the whole point. It was quite impressive especially with all my pubic hair gone.

I adjusted the last piece of my costume, a bright red cape that matched my mask. It was held on by a loose strap around my neck. At exactly twelve the door opened a crack and a blonde girl who looked pretty young in her early twenties took a peek at me.

She smiled real big, "Ready?" she asked me.

I shook my head yes, because Spiderman didn't talk when he was working. She swung the door open to the dimly lit room and it was "Showtime!"

I clicked on my CD player and my music started blaring.

I followed the blonde girl into the room and the only thing she was wearing was panties!

The clients had cleared away a space in the middle of the room and I sat my cd player on the little round table and turned around to do my dance as the long intro ended and the words began to be sung with gusto.

"Spider-Man, Spider-Man,

Does whatever a spider can

Spins a web, any size,

Catches thieves just like flies

Look out!

Here comes the Spider-Man"

I turned around and looked at my audience for the first time. There were four girls that all looked as young as the girl who had let me in the door. I could tell they were all shit-faced drunk by their expressions and way they were rocking back and forth to my music.

I got some cheers and whistles as I kept dancing. My dance had been perfected over the past weeks and I could do it almost without thinking. It consisted of a lot of hip thrust like I was fucking, lots of muscle flexing like a body builder and plenty of pantomiming thrown in that looked like sex acts.

The CD player was on repeat so I could do it as long as it took to get the women excited.

"Is he strong?

Listen bud,

He's got radioactive blood

Can he swing from a thread?

Take a look overhead

Hey, there

There goes the Spider-Man"

I don't normally look at their faces too much because it really didn't matter as long as they were paying me to act like a fool. It was a little different this time as it was a younger crowd than I was used to.

I danced closer as all of them eyed me with desire. I was used to that, it made the whole thing that much more fun.

"In the chill of night

At the scene of a crime

Like a streak of light

He arrives just in time

Spider-Man, Spider-Man

Friendly neighborhood Spider-Man

Wealth and fame

He's ignored

Action is his reward

Look out!

Here comes the Spider-Man"

Three women came over and started dancing around me in a circle. The blonde chick who was starting to look familiar for some reason and two brunettes. All of them were wearing just panties, and they looked really sexy gyrating around with me. I moved closer and got the shock of my life, as the dance went on.

"Watch out Mr. Hotshot!

In the chill of night

At the scene of a crime

Like a streak of light

He arrives just in time

Spider-Man, Spider-Man

Friendly neighborhood Spider-Man

Wealth and fame

He's ignored

Action is his reward

To him, life is a great big bang up

Whenever there's a hang up

You'll find the spider man"

As the blonde girl got on her knees in front of me and started tugging down my G-string a fifth dark haired girl came out of the side bathroom door clapping. I almost forgot everything when I saw it was my little sister Julie!

She was wearing yellow boy short type panties and a matching yellow bra. It hit me then who the blonde girl was. I'd seen her several times when I still lived at home. It was my sister's best friend named, Margo or Marcy or something like that.

The last time I'd seen her she was 14 or 15.

She'd grown up nicely and was now at my feet grabbing my cock that was getting huge and hard. The music got turned down so it wasn't blaring and another girl led my sister to the edge of the big bed.

Julie sat on the edge of the mattress... her big dark eyes round as saucers as she watched Margo stroking my cock.

The women pulled me right up in front of her and I hoped my sister didn't recognize me.

A girl was on the bed behind my sister unfastening the back of my little sister's bra. My sis was putting up a little resistance but gave in and sat there watching the other three girls take turns sucking on my cock as I put on a show humping back and forth.

I was damn glad for that pill because otherwise I'd have cum already. Those girls were all worked up and sucking the hell out of my cock!

I kept looking at my little sister who was grinning and watching me get sucked off. I hadn't ever seen her topless before and she had nice perky tits on her little frame.

My sis was only about 5 foot 5, and barely over a hundred pounds. The girls around me pushed me right up to her and I offered my little sister the end of my cock.

"I can't," She told them, "Robert will find out!" but she kept looking at it as I waved it from side to side in front of her.

"Come on Julie, you can't refuse your wedding gift from us!" Margo told her, "He won't know...it's your last chance to have some fun before you get married!"

All the other girls encouraged her to try me, "Come on!"

"You better never tell anyone!" My sis warned them, pointing a finger at each one of them.

"We won't... come on that's one amazing cock...don't you want to try it?"

Julie reached out her hand and I moved closer. She wrapped her hand around my shaft and I was in heaven as she bent over and kissed the end of my knob.

Cheers came from all the girls, "Suck it!" They chanted, "Suck that big spider dick!"

My sister gave in and her tiny mouth opened up and slipped over my knob. I looked down at her closed eyes and felt her tongue swirl around my knob inside of her mouth.

"Fuck!" Was all I could think, and immediately wanted to cum down her throat.

Julies friend, I'll call Margo, came up to me and rubbed her nice warm bare tits on my chest and whispered in my ear.

"I want you to give her a good hard fucking!" She said, as my sis sucked on my cock, "Then you can fuck me next!"

Who was I to argue with the client?"

Back when I was in High School all I could think of was how much I wanted to do my sister! Now was my chance, and she didn't even know who I was.

Ever since I'd gone to college I'd barely seen her. Once every couple of months, mom would have us come for Sunday dinner.

I knew my sis had been living with this guy named Robert but I didn't know she had planned on getting married to him. My little sis had grown up, and damn she looked good with my cock in her mouth!

My sister took her mouth from my knob and stroked my cock as Margo bent down to her and kissed her on the lips! I had no idea that my sister liked girls too!

"It's so fucking big!" My sister told Margo as the kiss broke up. She seemed to be in awe of my cock and that was just fine with me.

"Think how good it's going to feel in you!" Margo laughed, "Then I get some next!"

"OH NO!" My sister said, and let go of my cock, "I'm not cheating on Robert!"

All the other women started talking to her at the same time, "Come On Julie!"

"NO WAY!" Julie said shaking her head.

Margo kissed my sister with a lot of passion and pushed her flat on her back. The other girls began pulling my sisters panties down her legs and she was putting up a struggle but lost out.

Margo stopped kissing my sister and my cock was so hard it ached, "Are you refusing my gift?"

My sister looked up at her, "You won't tell anyone...all of you better promise!"

All the girls shouted that nobody would ever say a word, and my sister let them spread her legs wide as I looked down at her nice little pussy between her legs.

I really wished that I could lick it... but one of the other girls did it for me. My sister started moaning, as Margo and her made out. Another girl was working on my cock at the same time, but I kept looking at my sister's nice little twat.

Jimmy wanted to explore her pussy and I felt my nuts tighten up even with the pill I'd taken.

One of the girls made my sister cum with her tongue, and then I was being pushed up to the edge of the bed over her. Julie had a nice little black rectangle of pubes above her slit. Her pussy was puffy and wet and spread open right there at the edge of the bed for me.

Julie was so tiny it didn't look like I'd fit in her but I damn sure was going to try!

I rubbed my knob up and down in her wet slit as she moaned into Margo's mouth. They kept kissing as two other girls got on her sides and started licking her nipples and squeezing her boobs.

I pushed my knob into the hot little opening between her legs and my knob popped inside of her.

I slowly slid half of my length up my sister's juicy tight twat and she pulled her lips from Margo's and let out a long groan. Her back arched up and I held her hips and pulled back for another stroke. My cock was wet from her pussy so I pushed again and got deeper in her.

"OH MY GOD!" MY sister moaned loudly.

I loved how good Julies pussy felt stretched tightly around my dick, as I started to pump it back and forth slowly in her.

I don't think my little sister had ever had nine inches of thick cock in her before that night. But I was determined that she would before I was done. I wanted all of it in her and kept pushing deeper each stroke.

Margo slid her panties off quickly and got up over my sisters head, "Eat me!" She said, and put her blonde pussy on my little sister's mouth. I could see my sisters pink tongue start lapping upwards between Margo's pussy lips and that made me push harder.

"OH FUCK, IT'S BIG!" Julie let out and then lapped upwards between Margo's lips again.

There were two of my sister's friends on each side of me, and they had my sister's ankles in their hands, spreading her legs wide apart so I could fuck her deep.

The one on the right was also taking pictures with her cell phone. They were telling me to give it to her good. They didn't need to tell me anything... because that's exactly what I was doing! The third girl had taken her panties off and was rubbing her pussy while she sucked on one of my sisters nipples.

My sister came out loud a little while later, and her pussy tightened up around my cock. I almost blew my load but held it until her pussy relaxed and got even more slippery and juicy. Then I started fucking her again and this time I was able to push my cock all the way up to my balls.

Just looking down at her twat while I pumped my cock in and out of her made me want to cum!

My sister kept moaning loudly as I banged her faster.

I knew I wouldn't last much longer and gave it the most I could. My sister came again, and her pussy started squeezing my dick and that was the end for me.

I lifted her hips up off the mattress and held her pussy tightly against my body. With all of my cock buried deep in my sisters pussy I shot a huge load that made me groan each time a long hard blast left my dick.

Usually I only fire 5 or 6 spurts, but that time it felt like double the amount, and I thought my brain was going to explode!

My sister's body wiggled hard in my hands but I held her tight until my cock stopped spurting. She was yelling and when I finished I actually heard what she was saying.

"OH MY GOD! HE CAME IN ME!" She yelled again, as my cock throbbed in her, "Robert's going to know what happened!"

Margo was right there in her face, "Stop worrying, a long hot bath and you'll be fresh as new!" She told her, "I wish he would have cum in me!"

My sister relaxed and I felt the last little trickle of cum leak out of Jimmy into her hot juicy twat.

"Didn't you like it?" Margo asked her stroking her hair and giving her a nice little kiss on the lips.

My sister let out a little laugh, "It was amazing!!... I didn't think he was going to cum in me though!"

One of the other girls laughed, "What did you think was going to happen?" and everybody started laughing.

I pulled out even though I could have left it in her all night. My sister sat up and then ran for the bathroom.

Thanks to that pill my cock was still hard and the ladies had me lie down on the bed. They took turns riding my cock to an orgasm even though I didn't have one left after dumping my entire load into Julie.

Even my little sister showed back up on the bed and rode me for another turn. I wanted to tell her it was me but that would have been stupid so I didn't.

My dick was sore by the time it was over and I picked up my clothes and headed for the door. Several of the girls were still going at it on the bed, my sister was one of them and I smiled under my mask. She was a slut just like me.

Margo caught me before I left and handed me an envelope filled with cash, "You were amazing Spiderman!" She giggled, "I might call you just for me next time!"

I took the money and noticed a big wedding band on her finger. I shook my head and went out of the room and locked the door on my side. I needed a shower and some rest after all of that. When I got up early the next morning I went out the side door and was relieved that no one was around to see me without my mask.

That day it was painfully obvious that I'd overused Jimmy, he was sore for a week!

After that I decided that I wasn't about to let that happen again, and added a big bottle of lube to my gig bag along with a brand new costume. The other one had gotten ratty and stained so much it needed replaced.

Later in the week I got a call that week from my boss Melanie.

"Is this the Amazing Spiderman?" I heard her voice on the other end of the phone.

"Hi Mel, what's up?" I asked her.

"You made quite a splash the other night. I'm not sure what you did, and I don't want to know, but you're bookings are going through the roof!"

Mel knew exactly what I'd done. I'd provided a service to some women that wanted to let their hair down, along with their panties! Getting to fuck my little sister had been payment enough, but I wasn't about to turn down the cash.

That's when it suddenly occurred to me that I'd advanced in my career from dancer to prostitute.

I didn't mind getting paid to fuck. I mean it was the kind of work I think most guys would enjoy. It was easy money and I felt pretty safe about being caught by the law.

Most of the clients were rich older women, mostly married, and I wasn't too worried about getting an STD. Mel paid a doctor to keep us guys clean by sending us once a month for testing. I don't think it was because she loved us all that much. It was really to make sure her business didn't get a bad name.

"That's great, more money for me!" I told her.

"More money for us sweetie." She reminded me, "I'm going to take you off the group gigs after this last one coming up. You have enough business lined up to keep you busy enough without group parties."

"What's this last gig?"

"It's a regular CFNM party for a big conference that's in town." Mel told me.

"Okay." I agreed and hung up.

CFNM stood for "Clothed Female Nude Male" and it was the usual type of gig for us. We ran around naked in the crowd of women getting them worked up enough to suck some dick, while their friends took pictures for posterity.

Mel gave me the details for the last group show with Jackson and the other guys. I had another week to rest up before my schedule became ridiculous but hey money is money. Nothing like getting your cock sucked and getting paid for it!

Al week I'd been thinking about my little sister ever since that party. Of all the girls I'd done, she had been the one that turned me on the most. I guess because it's taboo and not something you are supposed to be doing to your sister.

But I kept remembering how good it had felt to have my dick buried to the hilt in her hot little pussy. I kept wishing there was some way to do it again... but I knew that wasn't going to happen.

Still a guy can dream and I spent a lot of time daydreaming about her.

As luck would have it mom called and invited me to Sunday fried chicken dinner. I was pretty nervous about it because I knew my sister would be there. And I was pretty sure she had no idea it had been me at her bachelorette party.

At least that's what I kept telling myself. Even though Julie had been drunk as hell I still was worried about it.

I was happy I didn't have to face my father at the same time. My Dad had left mom shortly after I graduated high school. I still talked to him about once a year on my birthday, but for the most part he'd started a new life without us. 

I guess the only good part of that for mom was she got the house and half of his retirement money in the settlement. She was doing pretty well living off that huge amount of money, plus she'd been working at the bank for over 15 years and I think they paid her pretty well.

Anyway that Sunday I drove up to the house and my sister's car was already there. I took a deep breath and knocked on the door and mom let me in.

"Hey Jase!" She greeted me, "You look good!"

"Thanks Mom, so do you."

She gave me a hug, and I shut the door and could smell her fantastic fried chicken. My mom was a great cook and my mouth was watering thinking about having a decent meal for a change.

After all I had a physically demanding job, and I still lifted weights almost every day. I wasn't all pumped up from it, just better defined...we called it cut up at the gym.

"Have a seat," she told me, "The food is almost ready and she hurried off for the kitchen.

"Hi," I heard behind me and turned around to see Julie.

Julie came up and gave me a hug and I felt better because she didn't seem to be the wiser.

"You want a Coke or something?" Julie asked me after the nice hug.

"Sure."

Julie came back with a Coke for me and sat down on the couch next to me, "So what have you been doing lately?" She asked.

"Ah just working and trying to finish up school." I told her, "What's new with you?"

Julie looked funny for a second, "Robert and I broke up."

"Really...What happened?"

"I don't know...He wanted us to get married and at first I told him I would."

I had to concentrate because she looked really hot. Whenever I looked at her... all I could see was this picture in my head of her lying on the bed naked under me, moaning loudly while I fucked her. Jimmy kept trying to get stiff, and I sure didn't want that to happen!

"So you broke it off?"

"Yeah, I guess I'm too young to get married. I still want to do stuff before I get all tied down to one guy."

I kept thinking of some stuff she could do with me but I asked her, "So how did he take the break up?"

"It was hard, but I got through it and moved back here until I can get my own place."

"So, what now?"

"I guess I'll keep going to school, and find a better job."

We heard mom yell from the kitchen for Julie to come help her. Julie got up and headed that way and I enjoyed checking out her rear. She really did have a nice tight little body. Jimmy liked it a lot, and I had to stand up and adjust things that were starting to get in a bind.

Dinner was more or less normal other than I had to try and keep myself from thinking about Julie. I found myself glancing at her tits and remembering how nice and firm they were. Big pointed nipples that stood out from them just crying to be sucked on!

"Are you working on the 24th?" Julie asked me as we ate.

"I'll have to check why?"

"Its moms birthday...didn't you remember?"

"Oh shit!" I blurted out, "Sorry mom!"

"That's okay Jase," Mom laughed, "I'm going to be fifty, I think I've heard that word once or twice before."

"I'll have to check." I told Julie.

"We should take mom to dinner or something."

"That would be nice," Mom replied with a smile.

"Okay, I'll let you know what my schedule is."

Mom got up with her empty plate, and picked up a few more things to head for the kitchen. I was surprised my mom was going to be fifty. She sure didn't look it at all!

I watched her walk away and she was still petite like Julie. Mom was pretty trim and good looking for a woman her age. I was surprised she hadn't ever got re-married but I thought that was her business.

I'm sure she had her own reasons for staying single. Anyway I hoped my schedule didn't mess up her birthday, I owed her at least that much for all she'd done for me.

I sat there at the table and wondered what mom would think if she knew what I was doing for a living? When I thought of that I pushed it from my thoughts because it made me pretty embarrassed to think about what mom would say if she found out!

Before leaving I promised my sister I'd let her know if I was off that day, and left the house feeling relieved she hadn't discovered my secret identity!

I had to put Julie out of my mind because I had a show coming up and prepped my bag of tricks just like usual.

Me and the guys arrived just before midnight and got dressed in our outfits. Jackson had a cowboy hat and a big rodeo belt and buckle. Johnny wore a police hat and a big belt like the cops wear. Fletcher's outfit was a Batman mask and utility belt, and I of course was the Amazing Spiderman!

It was the usual CFNM type gig. A bunch of drunken ladies were sitting in groups or in lines of chairs watching us wave our dongs around.

We all took the pills to stay hard because the more ladies you got to play with it, the more money you made. I was surprised that the room was filled with at least fifty ladies when we were introduced and came running out of the side entrance.

The music blared and we danced naked for them collecting cash.

Just like usual women started showing bare boobs, playing with our cocks and pretty much acting like total sluts. That was okay with us, women need to have fun just as much as guys do. I imagine some of them got pretty bored with their banker husbands and all that money just lying around.

We'd done this a hundred times before and all of us guys worked the crowd. Getting those women excited and doing things they'd regret the next morning. The drunker they were the more they acted out. That meant more cash for our stash so it was all good!

Towards the end of our hour long gig, Jackson and I were working together and moving to the back of the room where women were shouting for us and holding up cash. In the back was a long row of those padded metal folding chairs.

The ladies were lined up in a row, and shouting as Jackson moved down the line in front of me.

I was doing the hip thrust, having my ass slapped hard and getting cash stuffed in the bag around my neck. I could put one foot up on the chair and face-fuck the woman if she wanted me too. Some did, and some just looked on like they wanted to do it but were afraid.

Most of these ladies liked to pull their loose tops down and play with their boobs, or have one of us do it for them as they kissed, jacked, and sucked our cocks.

I was glad the hour was almost over because after having your cock sucked that much even with the magic pill would make you cum eventually. Once that happened you dick would go limp and no more tips!

So there I was working the back row giving the girls what they wanted with Jackson. He is about five chairs down the row ahead of me as we worked towards the end. This nice blonde lady has her boobs sticking out and holding my sack as she sucks my dick and I look over at Jackson who is getting the same treatment.

I did a double take in the flashing disco lights and saw my mother, the one who bore and raised me...sucking the hell out of Jackson's big black dick! Worse than that, my little sister Julie is sitting next to her and cheering her on!

My first response was to be pissed off at Jackson, but I let it go because he was just doing his job.

I moved a couple of chairs closer and face fucked a big woman with gigantic boobs as I watched my little sister take a turn on Jackson's cock! Mom was cheering her on and playing with his balls while Julie sucked his dick.

I wanted to run away as I got closer...but I was like a train going down the tracks and there really wasn't any way to avoid what happened next.

I got in front of my mother and her eyes were full of lust. She pulled the straps of her blouse down and held both of her boobs, "You like these Spiderman?" She yelled, and then she grabbed my cock, "I didn't know spiders had big dicks!" she shouted and Julie was laughing like she was on a good time drunk.

I put my foot up on the chair, and mom leaned over and took the end of my cock in her mouth!

Julie was leaning in close as mom sucked my dick, "I want some!"

Mom kept going for a while and then let Julie have some. I looked down at my little sister's face as she put my cock in her mouth. She was looking up at me with her big dark eyes...sucking Jimmy hard as mom stroked my shaft.

I reached down and pinched Julie's exposed nipple and God I wanted to fuck her right then!

Mom pulled my dick back in her direction to Julie's objections, and started sucking me hard again. Bobbing her head up and down and stroking my shaft hard and fast. Julie reached over and massaged my sack and that was the end of the night for me.

I shot four or five long blasts of cum in mom's mouth. She didn't miss a beat even though it was leaking out the sides of her lips. I couldn't believe I'd cum in my mother's mouth! Seeing the look of joy on her face at having made a dancer cum. You see all the ladies at these events would cheer if someone got a dancer to cum.

Mom let go and sat back laughing as she scooped my cum with her fingers and licked them. My cock was still throbbing and cum was leaking down the underside of my dick when Julie grabbed it and ran her tongue under Jimmy lapping up the flow from the end.

Women next to us were cheering as Mom took a handful of bills and stood up and pushed them in my tip bag, "Next time you can put that nice big cock in my pussy!" She said drunkenly and sat down and pulled her top back up.

I was blown away and just shook my head yes. I was damn glad that the Spiderman mask was on my head!

The music stopped and I knew our time was over. Julie put some bills in my tip bag and gave my shrinking cock one last tender squeeze as the crowd of women began to clap and cheer. I followed Jackson out the side door and said nothing as we headed for the changing room.

All the way home I tried to figure out who had stolen my mom and sister. I could believe my little sister was wild because she was twenty one, but my mom was another thing. The woman who never raised her voice, or drank a drop of booze, or acted the least little bit like she had ever done anything naughty in her whole life.

Mom had sucked the hell out of my dick! Not only that, she had seemed to really enjoy it...even when I came like a freight train!

I wondered if I even knew her at all as I dumped out my tip bag on the kitchen counter and started counting and separating my money when I got home.

Just like usual along with the cash were lots of slips of paper with women's phone numbers. I usually threw them away but one looked like a huge piece of paper folded up into a little square. I unfolded it and it was a long note that really surprised me.

It was a note from Julie.

She wrote this long note trying to get me to remember her. She told me about the bachelorette party, and how much fun she had had.

How I had made her realize she wasn't ready to get married and that she had broken up with her guy. She ended by telling me how much she wanted to see me again when I wasn't working. Julie said to call her if I was interested...and her phone number.

I stared at it and read it twice more. I was sick that I couldn't tell her who I really was!

I used work to try and forget about the whole mess I'd gotten myself into. At least there weren't any big parties to do anymore. Instead I was a full-fledged male whore.

That very next week I started meeting women at motels and hotels for sex. They paid me really well, and Melanie was in seventh heaven.

I bought mom a nice expensive pendant for her birthday and took it over a couple of days before her birthday.

"Oh Jase, it's beautiful!" She told me, "Are you sure you can afford this?"

"Don't worry mom, I got a raise at work and you deserve it!"

It was a bit strange talking to mom. I mean I kept remembering how she had sucked me off at that last gig and well it was awkward to say the least.

I put it around her neck as she told me, "I'm never taking this off!"

Mom kissed me and said, "Is it okay if I cancel on dinner?"

"Sure, don't you want to go?"

"Maybe we can do it next weekend; there is a nice man I met who wants to take me out."

"Hey that's great mom, sure we can do it next time I'm off work."

"Oh thank you!" Mom smiled, "I already told Julie so you guys can work out the schedule."

"Where is she?"

"Out looking for work," Mom replied and I left a bit later needing to get my work out done.

When I got back to my apartment the phone was ringing.

"Hello?"

"Hello Jase, its Mel." The voice said, "Can you get out of your plans on the 24th?"

That was the evening I was supposed to take mom out, but now I was free, "Sure, my schedule changed, what do you have for me?"

"I have someone who paid double to be moved up in line."

"Sounds good to me, when and where?"

Melanie filled me in as I sat down thinking about Julie. I sure wished that I could hook up with her again but I knew that probably wasn't going to happen. In the meantime a job was a job, and I relaxed by pumping iron until I was a big wet noodle.

The night of my gig I headed out to a hotel I'd never been to before, "The Castle" it was called.

The place was built like an old English castle, and the staff wore clothing of the period. It looked incredibly expensive and I was directed up to the 3rd level where my pre-paid room was located. I slid my card in the electronic lock and went in to an amazing room I could have died happy in.

You know what I mean; it had four poster bed, lavish tapestries, deep piled carpet and anything else a person could want including a hot-tub. I had an hour to kill; the appointment was for eleven PM. I did my usual routine of showering, shaving body hair, and lotion. 15 minutes before eleven I put on my Spidey suit, and could feel the pill already working as Jimmy started to get perky.

At exactly eleven I knocked on the connecting door softly. The door unlocked and swung open revealing a woman with long black hair. She had on a white sheer robe which showed that she was only wearing tiny black panties. Her breasts were good sized, and her hard nipple obvious through the robe that was loosely held around her hips by a little matching sash.

"Come in Spiderman," She told me with a big smile, "I've been waiting for you."

She took my hand and led me through the dimly lit room to the big four poster bed, "I wanted to do something special today." She told me as she looked me up and down.

I shook my head yes, and I put my little bag of tricks down on the floor at my feet. I'd learned enough to know what to bring to these kinds of dates.

"Your employer said you don't speak," as she came over and pulled my G-string down letting my cock jump to attention as she admired it, "Maybe that's best, I didn't hire you to talk."

"You know when I saw you at the conference...I just had to have you!" She reached over and gave my ridged cock a nice little squeeze.

She looked up at me as she untied her robe and it fell to the sides of her nice bare breasts, "Too bad you can't take that mask off...I love the feeling of a man's tongue pleasuring me."

I knew just what to do.

I held up my hand with my finger pointing straight up. I hoped it was good enough to tell her to wait a minute. I pulled her sash out of her robe and got behind her and put it over her eyes gently, and tied it behind her head.

"I get it," She said, "You want me blindfolded while you do naughty things to me, "I like the sound of that!" As I pulled her robe from her shoulders and let it fall on the floor.

I turned her around and looked at her standing there with nothing on but the little black panties. Her breath was already starting to come quicker as I pushed her towards the bed. She crawled up on it and I followed her.

I straddled her and let my warm balls sit on her bare tummy while I started massaging her boobs. Jimmy stuck out in front of me hard and ready for the evening activities.

"Mmmmm what are you going to do to me Spiderman?" She whispered, "I hope it's really naughty!"

I looked down at the silver pendant resting between my mom's cleavage, and I wanted her badly!

That's right Spiderman was a bad man, a man who fucked his sister and mother like they were virgins on prom night. Jimmy had no complaints; in fact he loved it as much as I did.

I made sure the blindfold covered her eyes before I pulled my mask off. Then I got off of her, and lay to one side. I started by licking slowly around one of her hard nipples. I just kept teasing her, squeezing her warm boob as I did it, but not touching the pointed nipple.

"OH GOD!" That feels so good." Mom moaned softly.

I did the other boob the same way and she was moaning and rubbing a hand through my hair, trying to pull my mouth to her nipple. I kept away and teased her some more.

"You're killing me!" She sighed, and her legs wiggled from her frustration.

She tried to reach up and touch her nipples with both hands but I stopped them by grabbing her wrists. I rolled her over on her tummy so she had to lay on them.

"Oh you're a mean man...Spiderman." She laughed, but went along with it.

I jumped off the bed and grabbed the toy hand-cuffs from my bag and got back on the bed as she said, "What evil are you up too?"

I sat down on her nice round rear, and pulled her left hand up and clicked the cuff around it.

"You're going to tie me up like a fly?" She giggled, "Caught in your web!"

She put her other hand up behind her back and I cuffed my mom's wrists together. Then I leaned down over her and moved her long hair so I could lick the back of her neck.

"OH MY GOD...Mmmmm," She hissed, "You're turning me on so much!"

I slowly licked down her spine smelling some sort of perfume. Her skin was soft and delicious! And Jimmy was hard enough to cut diamonds as I slowly pulled the back of her panties down over her butt. I could smell how turned on she was, musky scent filled my nose as I kissed her butt cheek and she groaned.

I licked the back of her knees and pulled her high heels off so I could remove her panties. She was moaning the whole time I did it. When I got them free of her feet she spread her legs apart a foot or so and it made Jimmy throb.

I took a minute to look up at her pussy all swollen and waiting for me. I helped her up to her knees and she put her head turned to the side, on a pillow as I got behind her. I stuck my face down under her nice butt and lapped at her warm wet pussy.

"UNnhhh Ooooooo yesss...Oh GOD YES!" Mom groaned while I licked her.

Pill or no pill I couldn't wait any longer and got up on my knees behind her. I put my knob to her wet opening and pushed inside her hot creamy cunt.

"OH GOD!" Mom groaned as I started to slide up in her, "OOOoohh FUCK...OH Fuck yessss!"

Mom wasn't as tight as Julie, but damn she was hot and wet inside. I slid all the way up to my balls in her and she let out a loud moan. All nine inches of me buried in hot wet heaven!

A fleeting thought crossed my mind about how terrible of a son and man I'd become.

I put my hands around mom's waist and started to pump her, quickly forgetting about how bad I was. Her pussy was so hot and wet that Jimmy was sliding back and forth easily. Mom started to moan and groan as I pumped her nice juicy twat.

"OH OH OH...Untie me!" She yelled at me.

I pushed the button on one cuff and it fell free. Then she rose up on her hands and started to buck backwards to my thrust.

"YES...OH FUCK...OH GOD YEsssssss!" She started chanting, and I fucked her even faster and harder.

"UNhhhh AHHHHH OOOHHHHh OOOOOOOOhhhhhh!" Mom yelled out and came with me still thrusting hard in her.

She pulled away and spun around, "I want to suck your cock!"

I flopped down on my back and she felt her way over to Jimmy and started sucking him. It didn't seem to matter that it was soaked with her fluids. 

I watched her blindfolded head move up and down, her lips tight around my shaft and felt the strong suction making my knob get even bigger.

I was starting to lose control, pill or no pill.

Watching your mom suck your cock will do that to you, if you ever get that lucky.

But I wanted to cum in her pussy not her mouth and pushed her over on her back. I straddled her pulling her arms above her head and ran the hand cuff chain around a post in the headboard.

"You're a nasty man... a nasty Spiderman!" She told me as I yanked her legs apart to put my cock in her again.

I pushed it all the way in again, and leaned down over her to suck those nipples I'd neglected on purpose. She came the second I sucked one as hard as I could and pushed Jimmy all the way in.

Then it was my turn to cum, and I started to fuck her the way I really wanted. Pulling her legs up by the back of her knees and pushing every inch deep into her pussy on every wonderful stroke.

I held her legs wide open by the back of her knees and drove it in and out as she screamed, moaned, and groaned under me. Her boobs jiggling up and down to the rhythm.

"OH OH OOOOOhhhh AHHHhh OH OH UNhhhhhhh...fuck me...OH GOD FUCK MEeeee!" Mom was yelling pulling on the handcuffs so hard the headboard shook.

I couldn't hold it any longer.

I mashed my balls against her wet ass crack and let out my own loud grunts as Jimmy began to spurt deep in her quivering cunt.

My mother's vagina started squeezing me rapidly as she came. Those made me squirt a couple more times as we moaned and enjoyed it in our own ways.

I left Jimmy all the way in and bent over enough to lick those nipples while Jimmy throbbed and leaked the last of my load into her hot box.

"Oh DAMN that felt good!" Mom told me between pants, her pussy still giving my cock an occasional quick squeeze.

I pulled out and used the bathroom, leaving her cuffed to the headboard.

It's not easy to pee when your cock wants to stay hard form those meds, but I did it. When I got back mom had her legs slightly apart and I could see cum leaking out of her between her swollen folds.

Just seeing it made Jimmy get big and hard when she heard me by the bed, "Spiderman are you going to let me go now?"

I snickered, and went for my bag of tricks. I reached in and pulled out the big bottle of lube with evil spider thoughts racing through my head.

"I didn't think so!" Mom laughed, and then added, "That's good because I want my money's worth!"

I felt a little guilty about that; mom was paying me to fuck her. I would have done it for free and I made a note to give the money back some way.

I crawled up on the bed and unhooked one hand cuff and she pulled her arms free. "What's the Amazing Spiderman going to do to me next?" She giggled, and sat up rubbing her wrist.

I took her free hand and took the cuff from her other wrist. Then I sat back and pushed her head down to my cock again. She got the idea and started sucking my dick again. I never would have guessed in a million years that she liked to suck cock that much. Mom was quite the cock lover!

It seemed to me that all of us were sluts, I just happened to be the one getting paid for it.

"Dad must have been crazy to leave her!" I thought, flipping up the cap on the bottle of lube.

I pulled my dick from her mouth, even though she didn't want to give it up. But I got her up doggy style again and got behind her. She jumped when the cold lube poured down her butt crack and anus.

"OH MY GOD!...I know what you're going to do!" Mom said, but didn't pull away as I rubbed the lube on her anus.

"OH GOD...OH GOD...OH MY GOD!"

I pushed a lubed finger up in her rear and she jumped but let me finger her. I poured more lube on her ass and then a bunch on my knob and shaft. I worked it up and down as her anus began to loosen up on my finger. She kept groaning but didn't tell me to stop.

After I could put two fingers in her slippery anus, I got up and put my knob to her hole and pushed. It popped in and she let out a small "Oh GOD I can't believe you're doing this to me Spiderman!"

Her sphincter felt like a tight rubber band around my shaft just past my knob as I squirted lube all over it.

"AHHHhhh!" Mom groaned as I slid my cock half way up her tight rear, "OOoh damn it's fucking huge!" She groaned as I started pumping her slowly, going and inch or so back and forth.

With two more squirts of lube she had loosened up enough that I could use my entire dick. It felt incredible as I watched it going in and out of her butt. Mom was yelling so loud I hoped the hotel security didn't show up, but I wasn't about to quit until I came one last time.

I noticed the mirror on the wall and I could see her boobs swaying back and forth as I fucked her. I could even see the pendant on its chain swinging wildly as she screamed, moaned, and yelled. Sometimes pounding her forehead on the mattress and her hair was all wild and tangled.

I finally grabbed her hips and pulled her all the way back down to the base of my cock and shot another huge load. This one all the way up my dear mother's tight ass.

Fuck it was amazing, and she seemed to have enjoyed it just as much as I had. Jimmy went limp almost immediately and I pulled him out as mom collapsed on to her tummy to rest.

"I haven't done that since college." I heard her mumble as I went in the bathroom to clean Jimmy, and put my mask back on.

When I got back she rolled over and asked, "Can I take this off yet?"

I mumbled, "Yeah." Disguising my voice with a grumble.

I picked up my stuff as she slowly got off the bed, "That was amazing Spiderman!" She told me and headed for the bathroom laughing at her joke, "That's almost the best birthday present I've ever had!"

I got my stuff and got out of there as quickly as I could when I heard the shower running.

I didn't even take a shower or spend the night I drove back home wondering how these things kept happening to me.

I wasn't complaining at all, but I knew that sooner or later my job was going to blow up in my face. I seriously considered quitting the business but that went away when Mel dropped a big envelope full of cash by my apartment the next day.

"Keep up the good work!" Was all she said, "Gotta run babe!" She got in her Lexus and drove off in a hurry.

My premonition came true a few days later.

I was lying around watching T.V. when a knock came at the door. I opened it to find my sister smiling at me.

"Hey Jase!"

"Hi, what brings you over here?"

"I thought we could work out when to take mom out to dinner." She said, and barged in my apartment.

We talked about what day would work and came up with the following Thursday evening when I didn't have an appointment.

Julie looked around, "This place is a disaster, have you ever thought about cleaning it once in a while?" She laughed.

"I'll get to it one of these days sis."

"You better hurry, can I use the bathroom?"

"Back there."

I was minding my own business when it felt like someone was behind me. I turned around and there was Julie standing there with this look of shock on her face.

"Jason," She said with a pale face, "Please tell me these belong to your roommate!"

Julie brought her hands from behind her back and held them up for me to see.

One hand held the Spiderman Mask, and the other my G-String!

I'd fucked up and forgotten I'd left them in the bathroom to dry out. A big loud "SHIT!" went off in my brain.

"I don't have a roommate." Came out of my mouth before I could stop it.

"OH MY FRICKING GOD!" Julie yelled, and threw them at me!

I dodged the Spidey mask as it sailed past my head like a bullet on a mission. Julie was marching right up to me and I backed away.

"How the fuck could you do that to ME!!" She yelled, and tried to slap my face.

I caught her wrist before it struck, "Settle down," I told her as she glared at me and yanked her wrist back, "I was working, I didn't know you were going to be there!"

"Oh so screwing me is the same as making FUCKING TACO's!" She yelled back, "All I am is just a fucking JOB TO YOU!"

"I didn't mean it that way Julie. How the hell was I supposed to know you were going to be at that party?"

She looked at me and her face was all red with rage, "You make me sick Jason, you're just a fucking male whore! If you weren't my brother I'd call the cops!"

"And tell them what?" I fired back, "That you and mom like sucking off strange men wearing masks!"

That got her attention and she just glared at me thinking about what I'd told her.

"JESUS!" She let out at last, "I've really fucked up my stupid life this time!" Then she burst into tears and held on to the end of my sofa to keep from falling down, "What the hell am I going to do now?" She said, between burst of tears.

I went over to her and hugged her tight. She didn't fight me and put her face on my chest and sobbed, "I thought I'd found the perfect man. I even broke up my engagement for him...just on the hope the guy in the Spiderman mask would want me."

I rubbed her back, "It's going to be okay sis."

She looked up at me with tears running down her cheeks and puffy eyes, "Spiderman could have been any man...any man in the world but it turned out to be my big brother!" And she started crying again, "God must really hate me Jase!"

"God doesn't hate you Julie," I told her, "Things just happen sometimes, I never planned to be a stripper."

"I'm sorry I yelled at you," She said, "If I hadn't had that party, none of this would have happened."

"I'm glad it did."

"You are?"

I bent down and kissed her lips, Julie pulled back at first but I held her tight and tried again. This time she closed her eyes and let me kiss her. I ran my hands up under the back of her T-shirt and when my thumbs slid up inside her bra strap she pulled her lips from mine.

"Jase, we shouldn't."

"We shouldn't do this again you mean." And I kissed her lips once more as her bra strap snapped open.

By the time we got to my bed we were both frantically peeling our clothes off. I was naked first and Julie still had her panties on when I pushed her back flat on my mattress.

I started to peel her panties off, "Hurry Jase...I need you!"

I couldn't wait either and pushed her legs apart and grabbed the crotch of her panties with both hands. I pulled the flimsy material away from her pussy. Then using both hands I ripped her panties wide open and stuck my mouth on her tasty little twat.

"AHHHh OOOOHhh YES...OOooooooo!" Julie gasped.

I sucked both of her pussy lips into my mouth at the same time. They were hot and wet on my lips, and smelled so damn good.

Then I split her pussy lips apart with my tongue and slid up to her clit, "OH OH OH AHHHhhhhhhhhh!" Julie yelled, both of her hands pushing my head down on her pussy hard as she writhed around and came in big gasping breaths.

Next I crawled up between her legs and shoved Jimmy all the way up to my balls in her. It must have hurt some because she let out a yell but then wrapped her legs around me; "Oh GOD FUCK ME!" was all she said.

I held both of Julie's boobs with my hands and slide Jimmy in and out of her wonderful pussy.

Without my pill it didn't take long to get off in her nice tight twat. I don't think Julie minded by the way she was moaning and yelling. She came once more, and her pussy tightened up around me and it was my turn to yell as I pumped her full of semen.

The whole thing hadn't taken 15 minutes but I didn't care. It had been amazing even if it hadn't lasted long enough.

Afterwards we both used the bathroom and got back in bed under the covers and cuddled. Julie had one leg over mine and I could feel the heat of her pussy on my leg. It was still wet and probably seeping cum but I didn't care one bit. She had her head on my chest as we rested peacefully.

"What if mom finds out about us?" She asked quietly.

"I don't think she's going to care all that much."

"Why wouldn't she care?" Julie rose up and turned to face me.

God I loved her big dark eyes, and pouty full lips. Her boobs were warm and soft against my chest.

She looked at me the whole time I explained what had happened between mom and me. I left out the gory details but told her the condensed version of how mom had hired Spiderman for her birthday.

When I finished, Julie let out a sigh, "No wonder I'm fucked up...our whole family is retarded."

Those made me laugh, and pull her face down so I could kiss her. Jimmy was hard again and she grabbed him and stroked it up and down looking at it, "Damn I love your cock!"

After another thirty minutes of intense sex I came up with a plan.

"I didn't realize you were so devious!" Julie told me after I finished telling her.

"Will you do it?" I asked.

"Jase, I'm already going to hell. One more thing isn't going to make any difference."

Julie slid down under the covers and started sucking on Jimmy, wanting him hard again. My little sister was insatiable, but I did my best anyway. Just looking at her you would never guess what she was like in bed. Petite innocent Julie loved to fuck as much as I did.

"I guess it ran in the family!" I'd decided, remembering that mom was the same way that night in the hotel, as Julie rode me hard.

The next day I called Melanie and told her I needed some time off.

I asked her if she could push my appointments back, or get one of the other guys to fill in. She wasn't happy about it but she did it for me anyway. I guess she didn't want to lose her best source of cash, but I really didn't care what she thought anymore.

I didn't' care about Melanie, I had family commitments to take care of, "Family First!" I thought, and laughed out loud when I hung up the phone.

I parked a block away from the house around midnight that following Saturday evening. With my bag of tricks, and Spiderman costume I walked up the backyard in the dark. And I hoped Julie had managed to do her part like we'd planned.

Slinking up to the back door of the garage, I quietly tried the doorknob and it was unlocked, "Good girl!" I thought as I slipped inside.

Relived that Julie had done her part, I slipped out of my clothes, put on the Spiderman suit and got ready to go for it.

I didn't have to wait long. Julie quietly opened the door, "Ready?" She whispered.

"Yeah, did you get her drunk?" I whispered back.

"Just like me!" Julie smiled and gave me a big grin, "Come on."

We crept up the stairs and Julie knocked on mom's door while I hid in the shadows around the corner.

"Hey, I thought you were going to bed." I heard mom's voice when she opened the door.

I peeked around the corner and noticed my sister was just wearing a robe, and I wondered what she had on underneath it.

"Mom, I got a late birthday surprise for you...if you want it?"

"Oh I love surprises...what is it?"

"Well, it's sort of a surprise for both of us."

"Come on tell me what?"

"I brought Spiderman over."

Julie's hand signaled me, and I got up and walked to the door as mom stuck her head out and looked, "You did what?"

"OH My God!" My mom squealed as I strode up in my costume, "How did you know what I wanted?"

"Lucky guess." Julie laughed, "I wanted the same thing."

I turned on the portable jam box, and went in the room as mom and sis sat on the bed. Mom was just in her bra and panties but didn't seem to mind. I did my full dance for them both and I could see it was having the desired effect.

When the song started over they both got up and danced around me while I did some more of my Spidey dance. Julie dropped her robe and was completely naked. Mom was getting into it and pulled her bra off before she got down on her knees in front of me and pulled my G-String down.

I'd taken a pill and Jimmy was ready! He popped out long and hard as mom grabbed him and ran her tongue all over his swollen face.

Julie quickly joined her at my feet, and they were laughing and cheering each other on as they took turns sucking him. Fuck it was a sight to see! My sexy sister and mom were both playing and sucking my dick like it was candy.

They ended up kissing each other with my knob between those two warm sets of lips!

Mom was reaching over to tweak one of Julie's nipples, as they both kissed my knob at the same time. Julie reached back and did the same to mom.

They let go of Jimmy and he jumped up out of the way. Mom looked at Julie and said, "I always dreamed we could do something like this."

"I love you too!" Julie replied.

Jimmy was soon forgotten for a few minutes as they embraced in a long hot kiss. I didn't mind, the show was well worth the wait!

Julie and mom stood up still kissing hotly, naked boobs mashed against each other. Mom's hands were squeezing Julie's naked ass, and Julie was starting to pull mom's panties down.

The kiss ended so Julie could pull my mom's panties down to her feet. Julie slid down to her knees in front of mom as she lifted up one foot to step out of her panties.

Julie put her face in mom's crotch. Then my mom spread her legs apart slightly as Julie started to lick up her slit. My cock was throbbing watching them as mom put her hands on Julies head, "Oooooo yesssss!"

Mom looked down at Julie, "Let's get on the bed dear."

Mom sat on the edge and lay back with her legs hanging down over the side. She spread them apart and said, "Julie, get on top of me, I want to taste you."

My sister got on the bed and got on top of mom in a 69. She settled her pussy down to mom's face and let out a moan as mom began to lick her from underneath.

Then Julie looked over to me with a smile, her chin resting on moms pubes. She gave me the come here signal with her index finger and let out a moan again.

I walked over and picked mom's legs up and sat her feet on the edge of the mattress spread wide open and Julie rubbed her folds a couple of times waiting for me.

I moved up and Jimmy was waving just above mom's pussy. Julie grabbed me and started to rub my knob up and down mom's wet puffy slit.

I heard mom let out a muffled moan while Julie kept rubbing my knob across her clit. Then Julie pulled Jimmy up and I moved forward so she could suck him a few times before she pushed him back down, lining him up for me.

I pushed into mom's wet hole, and I heard her groan as I slid partway up in her. Julie was moaning and rubbing mom's clit as I started to pump mom's cunt with half of my length.

I could see mom's hands squeezing and spreading my sister's butt cheeks as she ate my little sister.

I was damn glad that pill was working or I would have popped at that point. My dick popped out of mom's wet folds and Julie grabbed it and gave it several sucks before I put it back.

We made mom cum after just a few little strokes of my cock in her.

Not to mention Julie rubbing her clit so much at the same time that when she came juice dripped out around my shaft. I really wanted Julie badly and pulled out of mom's wet pussy, and got up on the bed behind my mom's head. Mom was still licking Julie's twat until she saw my dick above her face.

I pulled Julie up off mom's face enough to stick Jimmy right in her hot spot. It was soaking wet and warm as I slid my cock into her pussy. My sis got up higher on her knees so I could slide all of it into her.

Fuck it felt good and I started to fuck her as Julie put her face back down between mom's legs.

Soon I felt mom's hand reach up and tickle my balls while I fucked Julie doggy style. Shit!

I knew it wouldn't take long to cum once she started doing that to me. Mom was moaning as Julie licked her snatch and I enjoyed my little sis from behind.

Julie suddenly rose up on her hands; she put her head back and yelled, "AHHH OOOOhhhhhh UNNhhhhhhhhh!" I felt her pussy tighten up around my cock. 

With two more hard thrust up Julies hot twat, I started Cumming in her. Mom busy underneath me holding my hard round sack as I unloaded all the way up in that wonderful pussy of hers.

When I was done, I pulled out and cum began to drip down my sisters slit. Mom sat up as far as she could and started licking it as my sister began moaning again.

Jimmy was still hard and wet as I watched my sister finally sit straight up and yell loudly while she massaged her own tits. Mom kept sucking on Julie's drippy cunt until my sister came one more time.

Looking back now, I think it was one of the hottest things I've ever seen. And I was ready for more after they finished up.

Julie crawled off mom and headed for the bathroom or someplace, but I had other things on my mind at that moment.

Mom moved over in the middle of the bed and spread her legs, "Come here Spiderman!" She demanded.

I was more than happy to crawl up between mom's thighs and found that she was so wet Jimmy slid right in. I started to hump her hot wet cunt and mom loved it.

Moaning and yelling as I felt another orgasm already building up in my sack. I guess the pill had almost worn off at that point, or just the thought of what I was doing was making its effects meaningless.

Mom came a short time later and I stopped humping her to keep from Cumming myself. Her pussy kept squeezing my cock and I had to bite my lip to hold it. Her nails dug into my butt cheeks and the sharp pain helped me hold it a while longer.

"God you're amazing!" Mom groaned under me and shivered a couple of times, "I wish I knew who you really are."

I felt some control return and started to hump her again, but slower so I could last. Mom was still turned on and started to moan again as I gave her nice long deep strokes.

I looked down and saw that she still had my necklace on, and I decided it was time to tell her the truth.

I stopped with Jimmy all the way in her and yanked my mask off. Mom looked up at me with shock at first, "Jason?" she said, and looking confused, "You're Spiderman?"

"I'm Spiderman." I told her, and started to pump her again.

Mom's eyes were as big as saucers; I kept looking down at her and fucking her nice hot pussy. The look on her face was priceless as my cock slid in and out of her.

After a few more strokes she let out a moan, "Jason, My beautiful wonderful boy!" and her hands went up to hold my head, "I love you so much...please don't stop again baby!"

I was so turned on that I started to fuck her harder and faster, "Yeah...OOooh Oh Oh that's gooood baby!" Mom grunted, and squeezed my biceps with both hands and wrapped her legs around me tightly.

I felt her pussy squeeze me hard and it almost made me cum, "Fuck I'm going to cum!" I grunted, and pumped her even faster.

Then I stopped again and lowered myself down to my elbows. Mashing her nice warm breasts against my chest and held it back one last time.

Mom pulled my head down to her, "Don't hold it baby," She said desperately, and kissed me hungrily, "I want you...give it to me!"

I started pumping her again and gritting my teeth. I could feel Jimmy leaking in her and a huge orgasm just seconds away.

"OH Yesss...Unhh God yesss!" Mom moaned as I drove it as deep in her as I could, "Cum in me baby...OOOhhhh yeah that's it... fuck me Jase...I want to feel your cum in ME!" and her body arched up under me and her pussy started to pulse quickly around my rock hard cock.

I exploded deep in her with a loud moan, my cock jerking hard as it spurt a half dozen wonderful times!

"OH baby... that feels so good." Mom hissed, as she arched her back under me again, and squeezed my cock tightly with her vagina.

I collapsed down on top of her and she stroked my hair gently. My orgasm wound down slowly, my cock giving occasional jerks and leaking inside of her.

"God it feels so good to have you back in my body." Mom whispered, "Please tell me you'll give up dancing, and move back home with us."

"I'll try mom."

After a group shower we all got in mom's big bed. The girls were asleep on each side of me. And I laid there in the dark thinking about the future, and knew in my heart it was time for Spiderman to retire.

I reached down with both hands and cupped a nice warm soft pussy mound in each hand. Julie let out a little sigh and I smiled in the dark.

I knew if I could figure out how to make a living, Spiderman was dead. I had everything I'd ever want lying beside me.

EPILOGUE:

One year later I was vacuuming the swimming pool so it would be nice and clean for the company party. You see it had taken some convincing by me, but I'd managed to talk Melanie into giving me help setting up my own "Hunks for Hire."

We had to move to Miami because Melanie didn't want the competition in Tampa. But she had a lot of contracts there, and helped us get started. Mom ran the business end, and Julie did most of the recruiting.

I was in charge of marketing, but once it got rolling all I had to do was set appointments and pay the employees.

We made so much money that first year that we now had this huge house with a gym for me and a pool for entertaining guest. That evening was going to be our one year anniversary party. I was expecting all 60 of our dancers to show up with their dates.

Spiderman was dead and buried, but that was just fine with us.