Spies, the Secret and the Alias
byyourawful©

Spies, the Secret, the Alias: Under Surveillance

One of my favorite genres is the spy story. I grew up on James Bond, Jason Bourne and Alias. The idea of going under cover and pretending to be someone else. Your life depending on keeping your cover. The unpleasant things a spy might have to do in order to keep their cover and survive. As always my interest is what might cause people to violate societal norms and cross the line. This is a naughty little fantasy of mine.

My wife Anna and I were sitting in our bedroom relaxing when my beeper went off. I looked at the number and smiled.

"Something's up. Charlie is coming over to brief us."

My wife was sitting on the bed in a pair of black panties and near see through silk top. My wife's nipples poking out against the fabric. I looked out the window. My daughter was swimming laps in her one piece navy blue, Baywatch lifeguard type, swim suit.

"The signal was for Alison too." My wife came up behind me. She placed her hands over my chest and pressed herself up against my body.

Anna whispered in my ear, "I know you hate her joining the Agency but she'll be with us. We can take care of her. She's a good agent. She only needs some seasoning. The deal is she only goes on a mission if at least one of us goes with her. Charlie knows that. She's done a great job so far. Three missions, no problems."

My wife, Anna, is a Carrie Ann Moss from the Matrix clone.

She kissed my ear.

My wife is 5"8', thin, nicest, tightest, small butt with c cup breast. Anna is 37 years old but could easily and often did pass for a woman in her late twenties. She didn't look a day older than thirty on her worst day. My wife had short, dark hair.

I replied, "She's only 19."

My daughter pulled herself out of the pool. Her 5'9 frame with longer, dark hair, a younger version of Jennifer Garner. I watched my daughter move over to her towel as she started to towel off. Her thin, lithe frame and b almost c cup breast. The one piece swim suit ideal for swimming but still showing her thin figure as the fabric snuggled against her skin, her breast, her hips, stomach and crotch.

My wife answered, "Look at her. She's beautiful, smart and dedicated. Patriotic. Brave. How couldn't she be? You and I made her together. She's a combination of both of our best traits. Half your DNA, half mine. She'll do whatever it takes to accomplish the mission and survive. And you'll be there to protect her if she doesn't."

My daughter wrapped the towel around her waist. My wife put her tongue in my ear and then kissed my neck.

My wife asked, "Do you remember how we created her?"

My wife ran her hand down from my bare chest over top of my boxers. Anna started rubbing my cock through the fabric.

My wife stated, "Your cock in my pussy. Your cock shooting cum inside of my pussy. End result that beautiful, gorgeous, agent outside, our daughter, Alison."

My wife reached inside of my boxers taking my now hard penis in her hand.

"I remember," I said.

"Remember when I was pregnant with her, our daughter. How you used to make love to me? My big fat baby belly?"

I answered, "You were gorgeous. Not fat, pregnant. Never sexier. And you're always sexy."

My wife, " I hated being like that. I was 18 years old. I gained 25 pounds during the pregnancy. You and I were constantly horny for each other. I was pregnant and horny. You were inside me constantly."

"I remember. You lost the all weight in weeks afterward. If I didn't know you had a baby...you've still got the same gorgeous figure, hips and ass." I answered.

"But not the same pussy. Not as tight. My pussy was so tight back then before I had her. You never wanted me more than when I was pregnant with her. It was like you wanted us to all be together. Inside me. Or you knew my pussy was never going to be as tight again. My pussy fit your cock like a glove. How long until Charlie gets here?" my wife asked.

"An hour."

"Good. We might not see each other for a while. Or be able to be together," My wife said knowingly.

"Your pussy is perfect. Still plenty tight. And I always want you, honey. To be inside you. To make love to you."

My wife always got horny when the excitement of a mission loomed. Then again, she was pretty much always randi. When you might die at any moment you try to live every moment to its fullest. For my wife and I that meant we'd fuck each other on average of at least once a day. Not bad after over 19 years of marriage.

My wife took her hand off my cock and pulled down my boxers with both of her hands. I stepped out my boxers as my wife moved to the bed. My wife sat down on the edge of the bed and slid her panties off. My wife's pussy was completely shaved. Just like I like it. Bald and beautiful. I wanted to get down on my knees and eat her out but I knew we didn't have time. I walked over to the bed as wife moved herself further into the middle of the mattress.

"Take off your top. I want to see those gorgeous peaches," I told my wife. Peaches my word for my wife's gorgeous breast.

Immediately, my wife complied pulling off her silk top. I reached the bed as my wife threw her top on the floor. I reached down and cupped one of my wife's c cup tits in my hand and then lowered my mouth to her stiff nipple. God she had big nipples.

"Mmm," my wife moaned.

Anna moved her legs around my hips and placed her hands on my ass cheeks. Pulling my groin towards her.

"Fuck me baby. I'm so wet. I need to feel you inside of me."

For a second I moved my mouth to her other nipple. Then I brought my face up to my wife's.

"I love you, honey, I love every part of you. Those taste peaches and your tight pussy." I said to my stunning bride.

We kissed passionately. My tongue entering her mouth as I took my cock in my hand. I placed my cock at her lips and then pushed inside of her. Feeling her wet walls wrap around me. This was how we made our daughter. Joined as one.

My wife grunted, "Ahh, I love you too, so good."

I started to fuck my wife hard and fast as I had done countless times before.

"Ohh baby that's how I like it. Oooh, This is how, this is how, ahhh, you became, ahh, daddy. Your cock, ahh, in my pussy. Ahhh. "

I kept pounding into my wife. The slapping of our bodies coming together. Our room sound proof. Not worrying about our daughter over hearing her parents making love.

Stroke after stroke I pounded into wife's pussy. "Ahh baby, don't stop, fuck me, fuckk me, fuck my pussy.

Then intercom came on.

My daughter over the household intercom. She had to been in the kitchen. I could hear the refrigerator in the background.

My daughter, "Mom, dad."

I continued to pump my cock into my wife. I was getting close to cumming. I was not about to stop in the middle of fucking Anna. My wife gave me a look as if she wasn't certain if we should answer it. I continued fucking her.

I simply said breathing heavily, "Ahh, ignore it."

My wife constantly moaning with each stroke of my cock inside her pussy. Her breathing ragged, "Ahh, ahh, ooh, ah."

My daughter over the intercom again, "Mom, dad, are you goes okay."

I barely could understand the English language at this moment. My only thoughts were of pussy and cock. Of making myself cum and then slightly, making my wife cum too. Her pussy felt way too good. Warm and wet and yes, still tight. I didn't want to pull out of my wife's pussy to answer the fucking intercom for my daughter. I already knew what she was going to say.

My wife, "Ahhh, she ahh knows we're ahh up here. Answer, answer, we have to ahhh, oohhh" I pounded into my wife harder and faster as she tried to talk, "ahh she' ahh, ll come ahh up here."

My daughter starting to sound worried, "Dad is everything alright."

I slowed my hips and then stopped after one last powerful thrust into my wife.

"Fuck" I ranted. I hate when this happens. I hate not finishing or interruptions. When I'm fucking my hot wife the rest of the world should stop.

I pushed my cock as deep into my wife's pussy as I could get it. My balls pressed against her pussy lips. Our genitals mashed together. "Ahh honey ahh, get ahh it," my wife groaned.

Holding my cock as deep into my wife as I could. I reached out in front of me and to the left to the night stand. I was reaching for the intercom speaker button. I could almost reach it. I pushed my groin harder into my wife and stretched my arm.

My wife moaned, "Ahh."

I barely flicked the down the button. Holding the button as I also held my cock deep inside my wife's pussy.

Intercom on I could only say my daughter's name, "Alison," as I enjoyed her mom's pussy wrapped around my cock.

My wife moaned again underneath me as her pussy held my cock as I talked, "Ahh." The sound of my wife's moan escaping over the intercom down to my daughter in the kitchen.

My daughter excitedly, "Oh dad, where were you guys. Did you hear me?"

My wife's pussy gripping my cock. It felt so good. It was all I could do to not yell at my daughter. Shut up.

"No, water, ahh," I grunted out to my daughter.

"Oh, I wanted to let you know Charlie texted us. He's coming in an hour."

"Okay," I moaned to our daughter. I let go of the speaker button.

I moved my arm and the rest of my upper body back away from the night stand. I was now back balanced in between my wife's legs. I started to move my cock gently. Pulling it almost out of her pussy, to her lips, almost out of her vagina and then I pushed back inside of her. Nowhere near as hard as before.

My daughter yet again. I thought to myself shut up I'm fucking your mother. She needs to cum. I need to cum before we have to leave on this stupid mission.

My daughter, "Did you guys get the message too."

I ignored the intercom and started to slowly move my cock in and out of my wife's pussy. My wife gave me the look like aren't you going to get that.

"Fuck her," I said to my wife, the intercom on our side mute so my daughter couldn't hear us.

My daughter, "Dad, are you there?"

My wife looked at me again and I simply shook my head no.

My wife turned just her upper body and reached out for the intercom button. My wife looked at me a second before she hit the button, "Ah, stop ah, stop, ah, a second."

I stopped once I was not about to stop a second time. I was slowly, gently thrusting my cock into my wife but when she said for me to stop. I pulled my cock almost out of her pussy and then slammed back into her just as she hit the intercom button. The sound of her father fucking her mother going live over the intercom to my daughter.

My wife moaned, "Ahhhh," She let go of the intercom button again and looked at me and knew it was no use. I was in fuck mode. I was now pounding into her pussy as hard and as fast as I could.

"Mom, is that you?" my daughter asked

My wife said to me, "Ahh, quietly," then she hit the button to talk to our daughter down stairs as she got fucked.

"Honey, we ahh, got it, ah too. Ahh it's fine. Ahh we got an hour." Slap, slap, cock and pussy coming together, our genitals slamming together. I continued fucking my wife as hard and as fast as I possibly could. I was a fucking machine.

My daughter uncertain, "What's that noise?" I couldn't believe my daughter wasn't smart enough to realize it was the sound of her parents fucking. The sound of flesh hitting flesh. Cock and pussy. Groin against crotch.

My wife still holding down the intercom button the whole time. My wife trying to control herself. I could tell she was getting close to cumming.

"Ah, ahh, you're ahhh, dad, ahh issss, ahh, exercising, ahhh," my wife's breathing was more like gasping.

Her voice deeper, sexual. My wife talking to our daughter in her getting fucked voice. The sound of slap, slap, cock hitting pussy. Squishing sounds. Over and over and over...down to our daughter in the kitchen.

My wife's face was a mask of agonizing pain... of ecstasy, of pleasure. As she fought to control herself. To stop from calling out. To control her moaning and grunting. My wife was a screamer and moaner and dirty talker during sex. Like now, when she was getting fucked. When I was inside her. I knew it was killing her not to scream out with pleasure. I knew she was torturing herself to control her gasping and moaning and her groans and her urge to yell out sexy obscenities to me.

My wife looked back at me as I continued to push into her pussy. Hate, anger in her face for me putting her in this position. For not stop fucking her while she talked to our daughter. Her face a continuous mask of anger and barely controlled pleasure. Her eyes opening and squeezing tightly shut as she tried to maintain control of her body, her voice and urges. My wife looked so sexual, so beautiful as she tried to fight back the wave, after wave of pleasure that swept through her body and her natural instinct to groan out and call out her ecstasy.

I was fucking my wife so hard and getting so deep inside her that I thought I might see my cock come out of her mouth. So fast that my wife didn't get a nano second to catch her breath. To breath without gasping or letting out a groan. A soft moan escaped my wife's lips, "ahh," then a few seconds later yet another one, "ahh," and again and again, "ahh, ahh," throughout my wife's conversation.

My daughter suddenly sounded as if she might have a clue to the fact her mother was getting fucked by her father. How couldn't she I thought? She's a fucking spy. Slap, slap, slam, slam of flesh hitting flesh. The sound of fucking echoing off the walls and floors and ceiling back towards the bed and the intercom.

My daughter, "Okay, mom. I'm going to take a shower and get ready. For the meeting."

"Fuck, fuck, ahh," my wife said softly. My wife was cumming.

My daughter confused, "What mom?"

I could feel my wife's pussy grab my cock and then spasm. My wife was cumming. My wife was cumming as she talked to our daughter. "Okay," my wife sounding winded and breathless as she squeezed her eyes shut as tight as possible and gripped the intercom unit.

I thought her fingers were going to push through the plastic. She was holding it so tight. My wife's other hand balled into a fist. Clutching tightly as she possibly could. Trying to control herself. I couldn't hold back. Her pussy grabbing onto my cock. Trying to milk my cock for my sperm, my cum. I rammed my cock as deep as I could into my wife's pussy. The constant sound of fucking finally stopping. I held myself there as I shot my hot load of cum into my wife's pussy. My wife's pussy muscles clutching my cock again then again.

My wife, "Okay, ahh, later, ahh honey, down, ahh, later."

My wife hit the intercom button to mute the device again and then she growled out. Shouting out. Letting her agonizing pleasure finally out.

"AHHH, AHHH, I'M CUMMING, OHHH MY FUCKING GOD. YOU FUCKING BASTARD. Ahh, ahh," Then my wife was as winded as if she had run a marathon. Gasping for breath, breathing so hard I thought she might pass out

I lowered my head and my wife and I kissed for a second. She moved her hands behind my head and forced her tongue into my mouth. My tongue running against hers. So sexual, so passionate. Animal attraction. Animalistic. My cock still hard inside her. Her pussy still grabbing my cock. The kiss slowed and then we cuddled. My wife's orgasm slowly fading.

My wife wrapping her toned, gorgeous legs around my hips. Her hands pushing my butt towards her. Digging my cock into her pussy even deeper.

My wife breathless, exhausted, "You jerk, she could hear us, our daughter could hear you fucking me. Her daddy fucking her mother. You are so fucking bad, that's too naughty."

I was so tired I could barely speak, "She, ahh, had no idea. Who cares?"

My wife still annoyed but holding me inside her. Her legs tight around me and hands on my ass. "After about five minutes of the sound of you pumping your cock into me, into my pussy. Bodies slapping together, believe me she knows you were fucking me, that her dad was fucking her mom's pussy while her mom talked to her."

"I fucking came while I was on the intercom with her, with my daughter. I fucking came. That's so wrong. You came in my pussy, jerk off, while she was listening to us. It's kind a embarrassing. My daughter heard me cum, you cum, us fucking. "

My wife bit my lower lip and then kissed me.

"I almost screamed out to her, your daddy is fucking me, your daddy is fucking me. I could barely control myself when I came. I almost said to her I'm cumming. I'm cumming you bitch, Your daddy is making me cum, you daddy is cumming in mommy's pussy. Cum watch your mommy and daddy fuck and cum, you bitch, our bitch daughter."

I replied, "You should have, our daughter is big girl. She's 19. Alison's been fucked. Our daughter shouldn't interrupt us when we're alone. Fucking. Once I start, I can't pull out of that pussy of yours. It's like a magnet for my cock. Or my kryptonite. I don't stop until I cum inside you. It's my mission to make a deposit inside my wife's pussy."

My wife kissed me, "You dumb ass, I think I broke the fucking intercom I was holding it so tight to stop myself from screaming when I came. I had to remember my interrogation training to hold myself back from yelling out loud when I came. So our daughter wouldn't completely know I was cumming and getting fucked."

My wife continued, "You're almost always quiet when you cum. But you know me I'm screamer. And a talker. I might say any sick thing when I'm getting fucked. Especially when I cum. That's why I made you sound proof our room. So our fucking daughter wouldn't hear me scream while I was cumming or getting fucked by you. Now she hears me over the intercom. You have no idea how close I came to screaming to our daughter, I'm cumming, get up here bitch and watch your daddy fuck my pussy and make me cum."

My wife paused and then said, "At least I know one thing for certain."

My wife used her pussy muscles to squeeze my cock as she kissed me with her other lips.

"Ahh, what's that," I asked slowly catching my breath.

"You still like my pussy."

An hour later Charlie was in the study. I turned on the scrambler that destroyed or made ineffective any bugs in the vicinity, microphones outside the house or on any bugs on our clothes. My wife sat down next to me on the couch. Charlie was seated on a chair across the room. Alison was the last one to enter the room. My daughter sat down on the edge of the couch next to me.

Charlie started, "I'm sorry to spring this on you but an opportunity has a risen rather suddenly. One of our prime targets, Robert Hazeltine, code name Hazel, has contacted our bank program. He is interested in our handling the investments for the funds he's laundering for various terrorist organizations. We want Grant to go in undercover as the investment consultant. Just a meet and greet at a restaurant in Geneva.

As part of our cover we lived at an estate just outside of Paris.

"What's my history?" I asked.

"You're an unknown. Play it that way. The origin of the cover is a investment planner we nabbed years ago that was handling Serbian and African dictator accounts. The guy is incredible. We tried to use other people to run the accounts but they couldn't touch this guy. So we released him from jail. He runs the accounts from a tropical island under Agency guard. Incredible returns for these low lifes. So he gets more people referred to us. We track the money. No one meets him. We call him the Wizard.

"But Hazel wants to meet with him?" my wife asked.

"He won't do the deal otherwise. He has access to information we want. We don't want to extract him. It might take to long to get the info from him. Rendering it useless. We want him to give us the accounts he's working on. Keep him in play with us in control of the money, to track it. Hazel wants the cream off the top of the cake. It's too tempting."


I answered, "Our guy, the wizard, gets an incredible return on investments. Hazel invests with our guy. He gives his people a normal return while he takes whatever is above a normal return. Millions upon millions."

My daughter, "Crooks stealing from terrorist. You gotta love it."

Charlie stated, "Exactly. He and his girlfriend, wife, we're not sure what she really is to him. Some people say it's his sister but we know they have a sexual relationship. So we're pretty sure it's not really his sister."

My daughter, "Otherwise, it'd be pretty gross."

I said, "Disgusting, incest. You never know though."

My wife, "Incest wasn't that unusual until modern times. It's natural to be attracted to an attractive person regardless of who they are. Hazel probably can't trust many people. They could easily betray him or steal the terrorist's money. That'd get him kill. He'd only trust someone close to him. Family. It would only be natural that they'd get involved sexually given the circumstances. I bet it is his sister."

Charlie continued, "Regardless, they're meeting Grant, the wizard, and his girlfriend in Geneva to talk business. Like I said, just a meet and greet. No firm business is likely to get done."

My wife asked, " So when do we go? I'll be Grant's girlfriend as always. No one knows Grant so no one knows his girlfriend. I don't think we need Alison for this operation. You have people in Geneva better suited for surveillance than Alison. Sorry, honey."

Charlie squirmed in his seat.

Charlie replied, "The wizard, Grant, part of the legend is that he is a womanizer. We think that's another reason Hazel wants to meet the wizard. Hazel and his girlfriend, her name is Alexis. They are reportedly sexually...wild, deviants. Hazel and Alexis like to have sex in front of other couples. They usually don't swing but on occasion if they see someone they are both attracted to they will swap partners. Or take another single woman to bed with them."

My wife looked at my daughter then said, "Alison, see the great type of people your parents get to meet in this business. Crooks, terrorists and pervs. It's not a problem, Charlie. Grant and I can handle it. It's just a meet and greet anyway."

Charlie hesitantly answered, "I'm sorry Anna but you're not going on the mission. The wizard, Grant, has reputation for liking young, girls. 18 -19 year olds. You're absolutely, gorgeous but there is no way you can pass for an 18 year old girl. That's why we want Alison to go. To act as Grant's girlfriend."

I shouted, "You're not serious. That's not happening."

Alison replied, "It's only a meet and greet. Nothing is going to happen."

I stated, "Things can go wrong. You never know what can happen. You're not ready for this."

My wife questioned, "Is there any one else available?"

Charlie, "No. No one with nearly the experience of Alison. Our next youngest agent is 23. Alison is 19 she can easily pass for 18. She is perfect for the role. We don't generally recruit women as young as Alison into the Agency. Because of you two, we made an exception for your daughter."

I connected, "She's going to be playing my girlfriend. That's too weird."

My wife, "It is strange. Incestuous."

My wife thought about it a second. My wife continued, "You know and trust each other. You'll seem at ease with each other. It should work. Older man more dominant over younger woman. Perfect fit. It's only a meet and greet. It's not like anything else will happen. You can handle it. Alison can handle it."

My daughter said, "I can do it, dad. It's only pretend. It's not real. It's acting. We won't really be boyfriend and girlfriend."

I told her, "It's acting that our lives will depend on. If Hazel thinks something isn't right, he won't hesitate to kill us. Be sure of that daughter."

My daughter, "I know. I know. I can do it, dad. We don't want to lose a chance to get this guy because it's a little personally awkward."

I turned to my wife and asked, " What do you think? Can she really handle it?"

"Yes, she can do it. It'll be a couple of hours at most. Not a problem, " my wife believed.

Charlie stated, "The agency thinks Alison, your daughter, is ideal for the role."

I gave in, "Okay."

My daughter, "Yeah."

I cut off her celebration, "Remember, Alison, you are my daughter and I love you. But this is business. Life and death. I need you to do everything I say, without hesitation. Without question."

"No matter how seemingly insignificant or weird. You have to always be in character. And I can't believe I'm saying this in front of my wife, to my daughter, bizarre, to always act as my girlfriend."

My daughter was all smiles, "I'll be the best pretend girlfriend you ever had. Next to mom, of course."

"When do they go," my wife questioned Charlie.

"Immediately."

"Oh, I need to go pack. What should I wear? Fancy but young looking. Sexy, girlfriend. Money hungry," my daughter announced.

Charlie told my daughter, "We have wardrobe picked out for your characters. Designer outfits."

Alison, "Awesome."

Charlie left to prepare the surveillance for the operation. I went over to my wife.

"I'm sorry sweetie. I know you wanted to go," I said.

"What can you do? I never thought I'd be replaced by my own daughter though. A little weird," my wife said bitterly. "Protect her, Grant. Bring back our daughter safely. I'm not that old am I. I'm still plenty hot."

"The hottest. Besides you're the same age as me. 37."

My wife revealed, "At your age men start going for younger woman."

"It's only one mission. We're a team. This is only a temporary operation. If you don't feel comfortable about Alison, our daughter, and I going on this mission, I'll cancel it right now," I told my wife the truth.

"No, go. I'm just jealous that our daughter is going to be in the action not me, " my wife responded.

My daughter and I flew to Geneva. We checked into a prominent Hotel. My daughter was ecstatic as she unpacked her clothes that the agency had selected for her. Gucci, Versace, Calvin Klein and other designer outfits. We were only in the room a few hours. We planned on taking the meeting and then flying back to Paris by 7 PM the same day.

I was dressed waiting for my daughter to take a limo to the restaurant. I was dressed casually chic in a grey suit and black shirt and black regular sized tie. My daughter, after trying on outfits all day, finally came out of the bathroom. I didn't discourage her clothes obsession. It kept her mind off the mission. I figured her character would be clothes horse too.

When she came out of the bathroom, my daughter was wearing a short black dress with thigh high boots. She was a throw back to the late 60s. The black dress barely reaching her upper thighs. The boots nearly reaching the end of the dress. Leaving only her lower thighs uncovered.

"You like?" she asked.

The room was swept and secure. So I could answer honestly and not in character.

"Your dad hates it but the Wizard would love it. It's in character," I answered.

"It's all about the mission and the clothes," my daughter giggled.

I warned her, "Remember the moment we walk out this door to the end of the mission we are in character. Nothing, I mean nothing changes that. Not even a gun to your head or my head. Nothing."

I lectured my daughter though I knew she already understood.

"I know dad."

I revealed to my daughter, "I know you do, honey. My daughter is a genius. But there is one thing you need to understand that they don't quite teach you in spy training. WHAT HAPPENS ON A MISSION STAYS ON THE MISSION."

My daughter, "Like Vegas."

I continued, "Often much worse. I've had to do horrible things, things I'm not proud of at all, to survive. Violence, hurting or threatening people and other things. In the past you've gone on missions with both your mom and me so we all knew what happened on the mission. In this case, it's just you and me, kid. Your mom isn't here. She doesn't need to know everything that happens on this mission. What we might have to do?"

"In the future, when you go out on missions by yourself, your mom and I don't need to know everything that happens. It's better not to burden other people with the horrible things you have to do in this business. It's almost certainly not going to come up on this mission. It's only a simple meeting but it will in the future. Understand."

"I understand, dad."

"One last thing about when we meet Hazel, he'll send you off with Alexis. I want you to stay in my visible range. Don't leave my sight. The one threat I worry about is his kidnapping you in order to control me, the wizard."

"We have back up. They're going to follow and track Hazel. Then monitor his activities. If he doesn't let us invest the funds, they'll extract him. But we want him to trust us. If you get kidnapped, we'll have to extract him then and there. Or worse kill him. I want to avoid that if at all possible. So the Agency can use him to locate his customers."

"Got it, don't fuck up and get kidnapped and ruin the entire operation. Keep you in sight," my daughter repeated my caution in her terms.

"You got it. Lastly, we have no bugs or tracking devices on us. We're going to be swept for them. The Agency has special long distance microphones to listen in on our conversations. To eavesdrop. We'll have back up in the restaurant but they won't know what is being said. Only the people outside will hear our conversation. Okay. Let's go cause trouble for the bad guys."

The limo dropped us off at the restaurant. We were seated at a quiet table. Immediately, we received a message to go outside. I could have dropped the mission right there and then. I should have scrubbed the operation but I proceeded. I figured Hazel was only using counter surveillance techniques and we would still have a short meeting somewhere in Geneva. Our Agency back up could follow us clandestinely.

We took cabs., ushered into the back of a truck, swept for bugs by a lecherous henchman. Who ogled my daughter's body as he moved the wand close to her frame. I had no idea if the Agency was keeping up. We were well outside of Geneva. Then we were taken to a hangar. My daughter and I were escorted to bathroom.

The henchmen, "Change into the clothes in the stalls waiting for you." The man stared at my daughter, "Take off everything, even you underwear. Christy go watch her. Make sure she doesn't leave any clothes on. Check her jewelry for bugs. Be especially careful of piercings."

I changed under guard. Not certain if my daughter was okay. The henchmen might admire my daughter's beautiful body but they didn't dare touch her. They obviously had orders to behave. Hazel didn't want to offend the wizard and lose a chance to make millions.

I changed into a pair of khakis and navy blue short sleeved shirt. A minute later, my daughter came out of the bathroom wearing a tan skirt and white sleeveless blouse. I could tell she had no bra on. Her nipples were protruding against the fabric of her shirt.

My daughter answered my unspoken question, "I'm fine. No problems. The bra didn't fit, It was size double D. The rest of the clothes were fine."

We took a jet to God knows where. I cold tell we changed courses several times before we finally landed four hours later. We landed on a small island at a private airport. My daughter and I were treated like star guests throughout this excursion. We were given drinks and a fine meal on the plane. Treated with great deference.

Finally, after a short drive we were taken to an estate on the beach of what I presumed was the Mediterranean Sea. The estate was guarded with numerous armed men and dogs. Electric cyclone fencing and then a 10 foot tall wall. Huge guardrails sprung up out of the ground protecting the steel front gate. The estate was an armed fortress, to keep people out and us in.

The estate, itself, was spectacularly beautiful. There were two houses on the property along with a pool, hot tub, sauna, beach changing house and a beautiful, sandy beach with lounge chairs. Like a gorgeous resort for the spectacularly rich.

My daughter and I were escorted by a gorgeous Italian looking woman to a suite of rooms that overlooked the sea. We were told that there were clothes are size in the closets that we could wear. Dinner would be brought up to us in our rooms. (Basically don't leave these rooms and wander around.) I inquired about my much delayed meeting with Hazel. I was told Hazel had not yet arrived at the premises. I demanded to see him as soon as possible and was assured that the meeting would take place soon.

I assumed Hazel was waiting to see if we had been followed. If he was being set up. Standard operating procedure in our business which the Agency and I should have anticipated. When his safety was secure, he would show up for the business conference. Probably tomorrow.

My daughter, in character, started to curse out our hostess saying how she wanted her own clothes rather than the designer duds stacking her closet. My daughter ranted as a young woman in her position would that she wanted to get back to Europe. If she wanted to go to the beach, she would go to the south of France not some deserted island with nothing to do. Playing my character, I assured her the meeting would take place soon. In all likelihood, we would be back home in a couple of days.

My daughter, Alison, and I knew that everything we said was being recorded and possibly video taped. Hazel or his security people or both were listening and/or watching us right now. A screw up and we were dead.

We ate our five course meal and then got ready for bed. Both our characters and ourselves were exhausted after the long day.

If I had been with my wife, we would have made love to show that we were comfortable with each other. Let the security listen to us screw or watch us fuck. You can tell when people have had sex many times. Fucking in our room would show that we were relaxed in the situation and not afraid as well. Undercover "cops" don't usually fuck each other.

Unfortunately, I had been convinced to go on this mission with my own daughter. I wasn't about to fuck my daughter. Alison was smart enough to play it that she was mad at me for this whole excursion to the island. That she had plans back home which were being ruined.

I casually as possible undressed to get ready for bed. Pulling off my shirt and then pants. Leaving me in my boxers. I jumped into the large California King sized bed and got comfortable.

"Come to bed Alison, honey. We only have to deal with this for a couple of days. Aren't you tired?"

My daughter, " Yes, darling I am. I'm sorry for ranting. I just want to go home. I want my clothes back. I loved those boots."

My daughter took off her shoes and then unzipped her skirt. For the briefest second she looked over to me as she let the tan skirt fall to the floor. My daughter was wearing a pair of black bikini cut panties. Similar to the panties my wife had been wearing this morning before we made love. My daughter tried to act casually but there was a definite electricity in the air. I hoped it wasn't coming across to anyone listening or watching us.

My daughter walked her black panties to a garbage can and threw the skirt and shoes in the trash. "Ugly," she spitted. My daughter walked back to the bed and started to lift up her shirt. She raised the shirt up over her belly button and looked at me. I almost imperceptibly shook my head no. I didn't want my daughter to completely undress in front of me. It was too strange.

Right now, she had a pair of panties on, no different than if she was wearing a bathing suit, bikini bottoms. But she had no bra on. I would see my own daughters breast if she took off her blouse. I may have lived in Europe for years working for the Agency but I was still American. An American dad. I wasn't used to seeing my daughter topless.

Also I didn't want the people possibly watching us to see my daughter topless. Or naked. I know it was unprofessional but I thought our cover could withstand it.

Like I said, if I had been with my wife, I wouldn't have hesitated to fuck her but this was my little girl, my own daughter. It's not right for a dad to see his daughter topless or nude.

For a fraction of a second my daughter smiled out of relief. She was a professional and willing to get naked in front of her dad if she had to for the operation. But my daughter didn't want to, that's why she looked at me before removing her top.

My daughter covered it by saying, "It's cold in here. Don't even think your getting any after this disaster. You told me it was a quick business dinner not the trip from hell. You're not getting any until we get back home."

My daughter lowered her shirt and hopped into bed.

I replied, "Well see about that."

I knew that the security might have spotted my shake of the head or my daughter's look at me. But I decided that they would think I knew we were being watched and didn't want my girlfriend's naked body to be seen by them. Or for them to see us making love.

The odds were they didn't notice anything other than a pissed off girlfriend. But they were probably disappointed they didn't get to see any sexual action. Or a chance to see my daughter's beautiful body.

I leaned over to my daughter in bed and kissed her cheek and then made as if I was kissing her ear.

"Good job, stay in character, no matter what," I whispered to my daughter.

My daughter whisper to my ear so softly, "I'll do my job, whatever it takes." Then she said loudly, "Get off me, I told you no way. Not after this day. I'm tired and grumpy." My daughter turned away from me in the bed and I moved back to my side of the bed.

We both fell asleep. I sleep very softly, any noise in the room will wake me but the night was uneventful. I wasn't afraid that they would try anything while we slept or poison us. After all, Hazel wanted the wizard's help. And money along with sex is the ultimate motivator.

The next day I got dressed in Hazel's provided clothes of shorts and shirt. My daughter picked out a pair of tight shorts and half shirt that exposed her belly button. It was the first time I noticed that my daughter had a belly button ring. A little stud poking out of her navel.

We were escorted downstairs by armed guards. We finally met Hazel and Alexis. Hazel was about my age, 37, he had dark hair and pale complexion. He was a handsome man. He spoke with a British accent.

Alexis was stunning and exotic looking. She was about 10-12 years younger than Hazel, around 24-26. She was dressed in a small bikini. The bikini wasn't a thong but it did little more than cover up the bare essentials. Her ass, pussy and tits.

Alexis had the same dark hair with a pale complexion. She reminded me of the actress Eva Green from some recent spy movie. Alexis was about 5'8. She was thin but not skinny. A totally different figure than my athletic, thin daughter. Much more womanly shaped. Alexis's breast were much larger than my daughters. Her boobs must have been at least D cups. Alexis also spoke with a British accent like Hazel.

Hazel, "So I finally meet the wizard. And this is your beautifully lady friend, Alison. I see your reputation for appreciating the finest things in life is well earned, wizard?"

I answered, "You can call me Grant."

Hazel smiled, "Ah, Grant. I can tell we are going to be good friends. This is Alexis." Alexis smiled hello.

Alexis, "Your reputation proceeds you, Grant. I hope you deserve it."

I stated, "I hope you find out."

Hazel interrupted my flirting with his girlfriend, sister, wife or whoever, "Alexis go take Alison to the beach. Show her around."

My daughter looked at me knowing the instructions I had given her at the restaurant about not leaving my sight. But here, at the estate, I had no choice.

"Go ahead," I told my daughter.

Hazel to Alexis, "Meet us in about two hours, dear. I need to talk business with Grant." Hazel gave a Alexis a kiss goodbye as he eyed my daughter.

Alexis and Alison walked toward the sea as Hazel watched my daughter's cute butt.

Hazel, "Your girlfriend and you seem a little distant. I hope your trip here hasn't caused problems with your young woman. I would hate to cause you not to be able to get...be friendly with each other."

"She'll get over it. I might have to buy her something pretty."

Hazel and I talked business over drinks. My cover was a financial operator so I was able to lay down the bull about the operation. Hazel was greedy. I knew he wanted to invest his funds with me.

"I've done some checking you represent certain parties that my former country doesn't like," I told Hazel.

Hazel looked at me seriously, "Your country doesn't like anyone these days. Particularly, African dictators and ex-Serbian politicians that you represent."

Trying to act cool and not too anxious about taking his accounts, "That's true but my government tolerates them. They have other more pressing interests. Like your clients. With them they don't fuck around. They want them dead. And they want dead anyone who does business with them."

Hazel, "They prefer to extract information from the people who work for them. The agency will make a comfortable deal with those that help them."

I knew I was being tested, "I don't make deals. I know my clients will kill everyone I know if I did. I assume your clients are even worse."

Hazel, "That they are. That's why we are both valuable to them. The Wizard and Hazel don't get caught. If we work together, we can make millions for ourselves. And get a decent return and launder their money for my clients."

"Possibly," I wanted him to earn my attention.

Hazel, "Come with me. Enough business. Time to relax."

We walked over to the hot tub. "This hot tub is my favorite part of the estate. I have the water changed every day. It has special healing or rejuvenating powers. It's supposed to make you crazy horny." Hazel laughed.

"You should market it."

Just then my daughter and Alexis came off the beach to the hot tub. My daughter had changed into a white bikini. Totally different than the one piece bathing suit I had seen her do laps in yesterday morning. She looked stunning. Her long legs, her breast pushed up looking like full c cups. Her stomach so toned and that cute belly ring. Her shoulders looked so delicate. Her bikini was more girl next door than Alexis's.

Alexis's suit barely covered her pussy mound and nipples. My daughter's bikini had more coverage but she looked almost as sexy. Like a fawn ready to run. I didn't need to pretend to admire my daughter aka girlfriend's body. I did.

I tried to pull myself back. I had seen my daughter in a bikini before in the backyard. What was different? I told myself nothing. But the situation was.

"Oh my, Alison. You have an incredible body." Hazel looked at me, "You are a lucky man to be with such a woman. Youth. Youth. It can never be recovered but it can be shared. You rival only my Alexis in beauty."

My daughter smiled, "It's the bikini. It fits perfectly."

I said, "It's the girl in the bikini."

My daughter looked at me slightly confused and then grinned.

Hazel, "Ah, time for you two to try my hot tub."

I told, "I don't have my bathing suit on like the girls."

Alexis seductively curling up into Hazel's body, "No, no. No bathing suits allowed in the hot tub. You lose the special powers of the water. Come try it."

Alexis reached behind her and untied her bikini top. Her top slid down her shoulders and arms. Then she threw it onto a chair. My God, Alexis's breast were even larger than I thought. Her areola were huge, spiked by her hard nipples. Alexis looked me in the eye grinning, enjoying my admiration of her body as she slipped her fingers into her bikini bottoms and pulled them down. Alexis only had a small patch of hair right above her pussy. The rest of pussy was shaved. As she moved her legs to pull the bikini bottoms off I could see her pussy lips open for a second as she maneuvered her bathing suit off her toned, endless legs.

Alexis took the bikini bottoms and threw them next to her top on the chair. Immediately, she turned and I watched her cute butt as stepped up on the stairs. She sat down on edge of the hot tub and turned to me, "Come on in. It feels so good to get wet, it's so warm too." Then she stepped down into the hot tub. Her body disappearing into the water. Hazel was in the water already and she moved over to him. Alexis, like a seductive snake, wrapped herself next him. Sitting on the same seat as Hazel in front of him and between his legs.

Alexis, "Don't be shy. You'll love it. It feels great."

I knew my daughter and I had to go into the hot tub. For Hazel and Alexis this was a ritual with all their business partners. A test of trust and whether they felt comfortable with the possible partners.

I turned away from the hot tub and looked at my daughter. I reached up and pulled my shirt off. My expression was a mask. I was angry at myself for putting my little girl into this position with these sleazy criminals. That she was going to have to demean herself in front of them and me. I eyed my daughter for a second and she knew we had to do it. It was unspoken but she received the message. My daughter looked like a deer caught in the head lights. She stood there frozen.

I unbuckled my shorts and pulled them off along with my underwear. I threw them onto a chair along with my shirt. I was now naked in front of my own daughter. My cock semi hard after seeing Alexis's supple body. I looked up at my daughter. She was staring at the hot tub and Hazel and Alexis making out.

"Come on honey, it help you relax and unwind after the trip," I said.

My daughter smiled for a second, "Okay," then she looked at me. My daughter seeing me naked for the first time. Her eyes unconsciously going down to eye my cock for a second and then immediately back to my face. My daughter was smiling but her eyes were pleading to me.

Her eyes saying "I can't do this daddy. Don't make me do this. I can't get naked in front of them and especially you. Oh my God, I'm seeing my daddy naked. I just saw my dad's cock. The cock that created me. The cock that goes into my mommy's pussy. Oh no, I have to do this, don't I dad. I have to take off my clothes and get naked in front of you. I have to go into the hot tub nude with my own dad and this other couple. Oh no."

I turned around and headed towards the hot tub. Wanting, needing the protection of the water. To hide my body from my daughter. I could feel my daughter's eyes on my ass as I got in the hot tub. Burning me. I was burning hell for this I thought. In front of me, Alexis was staring at my cock as Hazel kissed her neck and his hands ran over her breast. Finally, I reached the warm water and slid down into the bubbles.

I turned toward my daughter who looked at me. Hazel and Alexis stopped kissing and turned and stared at my daughter as well. Six eyes watching her body. My daughter was a professional spy. She was scared, humiliated, embarrassed but she barely outwardly showed it. She was an 18 girlfriend of a 37 year old man a little nervous about getting naked in front of another couple. But she did it.

My daughter reached behind her and unsnapped her bikini top and quickly pulled it off. I had to hold my breath. I almost gasped. This was supposed to be my girlfriend who I had seen naked countless times. But it wasn't, this was my daughter. Hazel and even Alexis watched my daughter undress. Lust in their eyes. I know Hazel wanted to fuck her. I wouldn't allow that.

My daughter's breast defied the rules of gravity as only a very young girl's tits can. Her boobs were larger than I thought, B but almost C cups. Her pink areolas and nipples were huge. Like her mother's I thought. They looked succulent. Her erect nipples seemed to be begging for someone to put them in their mouth and start sucking on them.

My daughter without looking at the people watching her in the hot tub pulled down her bikini bottoms and stepped out of them. She had her side turned to us so at first. So all I could see was her white hip and her long legs and the side of her breast with the nipple poking out. Naked my daughter looked so thin and athletic. Her waist and hips and thighs impossibly small.

Then my daughter turned towards Hazel, Alexis and me. I swear to God, I heard Hazel and Alexis gasp. I think I might of gasped as well but there noise and the sound of the motors covered up my intake of breathe. My daughter looked breathtaking. Tall, thin, toned, her stomach and belly button ring, her silky, firm breast, her hips, legs that went on forever and her shaved pussy. I thought to myself my daughter is completely exposed to me. She is hiding nothing. She is exposed to her father's lecherous eyes along with this other couple.

Then I thought to myself, she shaves her pussy like her mother. Just like I like it. Bald and beautiful. Ready to be eaten or fucked. My God, her pussy looks like it's never even been touched. Only the hand of God has ever touched her pussy. It flashed through my mind, I bet she regrets shaving her pussy now. My daughter couldn't even hide behind her pubic hair.

My daughter looked at me like I can't believe your seeing me naked. My dad is eyeing my pussy and tits. I brought my eyes back up to her face hating having to stop staring at her cunt. My daughter looked at me, wicked anger in her eyes for a second and then she smiled at me sly. Almost sexually.

My cock was a hard as a rock. My daughter turned to throw her bikini onto a chair. As she turned I could see her tight little ass. So small, firm and white. I couldn't believe women or rather a 19 year old girl can have such a nice ass. I couldn't help but compare my daughter's body to my wife's. My wife's frame was similar and she had a unbelievable butt.

But my daughter's body put my wife's to shame. As gorgeous as my wife is she couldn't compete with a gorgeous, 19 year olds firm, young body.

My daughter step by step she moved closer to the hot tub. Her tits and pussy moving closer with each step. Alexis, Hazel and I watching her, not taking our eyes off her nubile frame. As my daughter shamelessly stepped over the edge into the hot tub. Her legs separating. I could, as well as Alexis and Hazel, see up between my daughter's leg as we sat in the hot tub. I heard Hazel mumble, "My God." Alexis, "Mm."

My daughter then stepped her other leg over giving us the same show again. My daughter looked down at us. She could see we were all still staring at her pussy. I could tell my daughter finally realized that she had just given everyone a complete unfettered view of her pussy. Not that her pussy had been hiding since she'd taken off her bikini bottoms.

My daughter quickly slid her legs and pussy under the water. Finally, her breast and then the rest of Alison's body disappeared under the water except her head, neck and part of her shoulders.

For the first time since my daughter had undressed, I looked over at Hazel and Alexis. Hazel had his one hand between Alexis's leg stroking her pussy and his other hand rubbing both her breast as they watched my daughter.

Hazel to my daughter who was gliding in the water on the opposite side of the hot tub from them, "You are one beautiful woman my dear. Stunning. How do you like the water?"

"Tingly," my daughter responded.

I put out my hand to direct my daughter over to me. I hated to do it to her but she needed to sit with me like Alexis was sitting with Hazel. It was so awkward it was beyond words. So wrong, immoral, against the law. Incestuous. But it was our job and our lives at stake. She had to do it or Hazel would know something was terribly wrong. He would kill us.

I told myself she's just another agent. Just another agent and I pretending to be lovers. Part of the job. But I knew I was lying to myself. She was my daughter. My daughter was naked in the hot tub with me, her father, playing the role of my 18 year old lover. I looked over and Hazel was kissing Alexis passionately. But he had one eye watching my daughter and I.

My daughter floated over the water to me. She knew what she had to do. She reached out and took my hand. I could feel her hand shaking despite the warmth of the hot tub. My daughter moved next to me. Her naked hip rubbing against mine. She reached out and pulled herself slightly up. Her ass, her pussy, rested on the edge of my leg just above my knee for a second and then she slid down my inner thing onto the seat in front of me.

My daughter turned her head back to me and smiled. I kissed her affectionately on the cheek. My daughter whispered to me, "My God."

I kissed her again on the cheek. My daughter whispered again clearly frustrated and scared at what was about to happen, "I can't believe this is happening."

I moved my hands to my daughters hips and started to caress the outside of her hips. My daughter looked at me a second and then turned her head forward.

I whispered into my daughter's ear, "I'm so sorry. We have too." I gently caressed and stroked my daughter's body. I ran my hands down over the outside of her upper thighs and then slowly back up over her hips. Then I moved my hands over her hips onto her side of her stomach and ribs just below her breast.

I started kissing my daughter's neck. I could feel her body tensing as I touched her body lightly with my lips as I kissed her neck. I kissed my daughter's ear as I traced my hand from her side onto her flat stomach.

The motor of the hot tub swirling, bubble making noises and Hazel and Alexis kissing passionately. They're tongues battling as each of them looked over at us regularly to watch the new couple play. With the noise and them distracted I took the chance to whisper to my daughter.

As I kissed my daughter's ear I ever so softly said to her, "Go with it, relax, I hate it too. But relax, you're my girlfriend. Play the role."

My daughter turned her head towards me and kissed me passionately on the mouth. For the first time I was kissing my daughter not as a parent but a lover. As we held the kiss together our lips pressed against each other, she slowly opened her mouth. My tongue darted into my own daughter's mouth. My daughter's tongue reaching out to my tongue, her father's. I couldn't believe I was French kissing my daughter in front of another couple. It was so sick. My daughter's hands gripped each of my thighs tightly.

We continued tonguing each other and kissing, I was now in a full blown make out session with my own daughter. I hadn't made out with a woman in years. My wife and I were beyond kissing for more than a few minutes, except on very rare occasions. But I was swapping spit with my own daughter. Her tongue rubbing against the roof of my mouth, my teeth, my tongue, exploring every inch of my mouth, her daddy's mouth. As I explored her hole, her mouth, as well. I thought she was trying to get her tongue down my throat. She pressed her tongue so far into my mouth.

My daughter's body slid back in the seat as we kissed. Her body which was only inches away from my front slid further towards me. Each time we kissed my daughter's body moved farther in between my legs. I had been careful to keep space in between our bodies. I didn't want my daughter to have to feel me pressed up against her butt. But as I became lost in our kissing, tonguing of each other, as my daughter's body pushed back towards my groin. My cock touched her ass.

My daughter's tongue was in my mouth. I felt my cock touch against my daughter butt cheek. I opened my eyes. A split second later, my daughter's eyes opened when she realized her daddy's cock was pressed up against her butt. My daughter's eyes were like saucers as she continued to kiss me. Finally, she pulled her tongue out of my mouth and kissed my ear.

My daughter so sexily, so softly, "My God, you're hard."

I kissed my daughter's cheek. I was so embarrassed that my daughter knew she had made me hard. It was unprofessional. I apologized to her, "I'm sorry honey. I couldn't help it."

My daughter quietly, "This is so wrong. My pussy is so fucking wet. You got me wet." I whisper back to her, "It's the special water."

My daughter kissed me on the lips as she pressed her butt back against me. Rubbing her ass against my cock. The feel of my daughter's 19 year old flawless skin rubbing against my cock. The pressure up and down, small movements of her hips. It felt exquisite.

I had no idea if she was acting, playing the role or if she was really turned on by kissing her father. If I had really made her wet. All I knew was I was more turned on than I had ever been in my life. I was hard and ready to fuck my daughter. I kept telling myself over and over again. I'm only pretending, she's only pretending. I love my wife. Not my daughter.

Who am I kidding? I am turned on. But she isn't. I'm a fucking pervert. She's doing her job. What we have to survive. But I'm the fucking pervert father who's enjoying kissing his daughter and rubbing his cock against her ass. I put my daughter in this situation. It's all my fault. My poor daughter I thought to myself. She must be dying inside. She's not ready for something this terrible. She's not ready to be an agent this deep undercover. To be naked with her father. It's so fucking sick.

I had done a lot of terrible things while being a spy but this was the worst. Because I was enjoying it.

But what father wouldn't enjoy his gorgeous, 19 year old daughter rubbing her tight, little, naked ass against his cock. I'm only human.

I had almost forgotten another couple was in the hot tub with my daughter and I. I looked over at Hazel and Alexis. They both had there eyes on us watching. Hazel was rubbing Alexis's tits and fingering her pussy.

"Ahh, baby I need you inside me, right now. Fuck me baby," Alexis moaned loudly.

My daughter stopped her kissing of me and turned her head toward Alexis and Hazel. My daughter still rubbing her ass against my cock and squeezing my thighs with her hands.

Alexis moved one hand onto Hazel's shoulder and pulled her upper body out of water. Alexis's D cup breast glistening wet as they poked out of the water. While holding onto Hazel, Alexis reached down with her other hand and grabbed his cock. Slowly, Alexis lowered her body impaling her pussy on his cock. Her breast slowly dipping under the water. Then she moved her body back up again, up and down, up and down. Alexis riding Hazel's cock.

I wonder are they really brother and sister? Am I watching them commit incest. Is he fucking his sister?

My daughter loud enough that everyone in the hot tub could here her, "Oh my God, they're fucking. She's fucking him. So hot."

Alexis smiled at us as she moved her body up and down, "Ahh, yeah, yeah, just like that, fuck mmmee"

My daughter continued to watch the other couple in the hot tub fuck. I had my hands caressing her side gently. I hadn't touched any of her naughty areas with my hands. But this was too much. My daughter pushing her ass up and down my cock. Her movements more pronounced now, almost in rhythm with Alexis on Hazel's cock. I slowly slid my hands to my daughter's breast.

I expected her to turn towards me and give me a nasty stare or tell me to stop but she didn't even react. I slowly massaged and kneaded her tits. Feeling her silky pillows flowing through my hands. I couldn't believe I was feeling up my own daughter. Her nipples in between my fingers. And then I squeezed her nipples. Then again squeezing my little girl's nips. My daughter finally turned towards me again and kissed me. 

Suddenly we were making out again. Both of us looking over as Alexis started riding Hazel's cock more urgently.

"Fuck me, watch me, watch me, get fucked, ahhh, ahhh..me," Alexis grunted. Encouraging us to watch her get fucked.

I slowly moved my right hand off daughter's breast as we kissed and moved my left so it now lied over both her boobs. My right hand slowly glided lower. I felt her ribs, then her stomach, my fingers going into her belly button, tugging on her belly button ring. My hand with a mind and mission of it's own crept lower, her lower abs, then into area that her bush, her pubic hair should have been. I could feel the lightest of stubble. The determined pubes trying to push there way back out. To cover up my daughter's mound.

At last my hand found my daughter's pussy, her lips. My fingers feeling her wet pussy and her hole. I cupped my daughter's pussy with my hand. The little girl who 19 years ago I had help create. 50% of her DNA mine, and her pussy in her daddy's hand. My hand. So wrong, so right. I shouldn't be touching my daughter like this. No father should touch their daughter's pussy.

My daughter broke off our kiss and looked me in the eye. I moved my fingers to her opening and plunged two of my fingers into her. She was so tight it was beyond words.

"Ahh," my daughter moaned as Alexis was moaning as she got fucked, "That's it make me cum, ahh, mmm, yea, yea, yea."

My daughter's face looked at me. A look of pain and uncomfortable ness. I was afraid I was hurting her with two fingers in her vagina. Or was it that her daddy shouldn't be fingering her vagina? So I pulled my two fingers out and then rammed only my index finger back inside her tight, wet love hole.

My daughter stared at me and I stared back at her. I knew she hated me. Wondering why her daddy was doing this to her. My daughter must be thinking is this really necessary. Couldn't we just fake it? I hated myself for finger fucking my daughter. But I knew I had to, besides I wanted to. My daughter reached out her tongue from her mouth and licked my lips. I reached out my tongue lightly scraping hers. My daughter moved her head and engulfed my tongue in her mouth. My tongue still extended out of my mouth. My daughter started moving her head and mouth up and down my tongue. Giving my tongue a blow job or rather a tongue job.

I started finger fucking my daughter. I brought my finger to her lips and then slammed my digit back inside her over and over and over again. Then I brought my thumb up to her clit and started rubbing circles around her hot button as I kept plunging my finger into her pussy.

My daughter broke off her kiss and moaned loudly, "Ah, so fucking good, ahh that feels so fucking good, your so fucking good.

My daughter's eyes seemed to glaze over. She pushed her ass further up the my cock, higher up on my cock. My daughter seemed to be trying to get my cock between her legs. I pinched her nipple and kissed her neck. Then I tongued her ear and then kissed her neck and pinched her nipple.

"Right to my pussy, my neck, my ear and ahhh nips go right to my pussy, ahhh,"

Since my daughter was getting worked up and wet, I decide to slip another one of my fingers inside her. My second finger barely squeezed into my daughter's pussy, "Ahhh, " my daughter reaction was immediate, "Ahh, ohhhhhh, no,ohh, soo good, I can't believe your inside me, like that, tight, ahh, oohn no, good." I was now finger fucking her hard with two fingers in her tight snatch.

Alexis was fucking hard trying to make Hazel and herself cum. She was now a blur in the water. Water splashing everywhere.

"Fuck me baby, fuck my cunt, cunt, cunt. Ahh," Alexis moaned. Alexis smiling looked in at my daughter, "I love this hahh tub, ahh, I love getting ahh, fucked in, ahh, it."

Suddenly, Alexis's leg was rubbing against mine. Alexis's moved her thin leg back over my daughter. Stroking her leg against my daughter's calf.

My daughter looked back at me, begging, "Please, ahh, please, please, ahh, make, me, ahh, ahh, cum."

I moved my thumb away from her clit. I absolutely slammed my fingers into her pussy. I held my fingers there for a second pressing against her vaginal walls and then pulled them out of her pussy. I moved my hand back to her clit and started rubbing urgently against her button. My daughter was raising her ass. Part of her body now out of the water. My cock low on her ass almost slipping down between her legs. My daughter desperately seeking my cock.

I moved my hand off her clit and rubbed her entire pussy as I sucked on her neck. Shockingly, Alexis's foot which had been rubbing my daughter's calf then her upper thighs, pushed against my hand rubbing Alison's pussy. Alexis's foot rubbed my hand as I glided my fingers through my daughter's pussy and over her hole.

Then I decided to do something totally sick and wrong. Even worse than playing with my daughter's pussy. I moved my hand off my daughter's hole and started rubbing circles around her clit again. My daughter's love tunnel was wide open. For Alexis. I knew what Alexis was going to do. My daughter was getting ready to cum, "Ohh, so close, so close, keeep, keepp, ahh, doing ahh, that, ahh, play with ahhhhh, my clit." My daughter was completely distracted by her daddy touching her clit.

Alexis was in the middle of being fucked as she moved her ass up and down Hazel's cock. Alexis looked me in the eye and smiled. Hazel had his eyes open watching and listening to my daughter's moans.

Alexis manipulated her big toe to my daughter hot opening and pushed it inside my daughter's vagina. Alexis glowed over at me and my daughter as she moved her foot back and forth, toe fucking my daughter. And I was letting her do it. Hazel grinned. Three, four times, five, six times. Alexis's other toes pressing against my daughter's pussy opening as her big toe fucked my daughter.

Finally, my daughter opened her eyes and looked down between her legs, "Ahh, ahh, stop, ahh, stop, ahh that, no." My daughter groaned as she took her hand and grabbed Alexis's foot. Alexis pushed her big toe as deep into my daughter's pussy as she could. My daughter took hold of Alexis's foot and pulled it away from her hole. And Alexis's toe out of her pussy, "Ahh, ahahh, ahh," and then Alison dropped Alexis's foot.

My daughter, reached back and grabbed my hand and guided it off her clit and over top her pussy. Protecting her opening from another intrusion. I moved one of my fingers into her pussy and finger fucked my daughter again. My finger was where Alexis had been seconds earlier. I felt horrible that I had allowed that to happen to my daughter.

My daughter turned her head and kissed me on the lips. The she moaned, "My clit, my clit.' I moved the tips of my fingers to her hot button and started rubbing circles around her clit. My daughter, "That's it, like that, ahhhhh yeah, ohh, yeah, ahh, like that. Fucking make ahhh, ahh me cum.

Covering, guarding her pussy hole with the palm of my hand.

Alexis ran her foot against my leg and smiled at me. My daughter scald back at Alexis.

Hazel, "Cum with me baby, cum with me."

Alexis looked back at Hazel as he squeezed her nipples. Alexis pushed her ass up and down his cock. Working herself into a frenzy. Her hair flying everywhere. She looked like a woman possessed as her face was a mask of concentration, pain and pleasure.

Then she suddenly stopped in mid air and her face tightening, her body freezing, you could almost see her shiver, and then a wide smile. "Ahhh, cumming, your cock is ahhh godd, ahhh, brother." Hazel grabbed Alexis by the hips and pushed her back down onto his cock as he pushed up into her. Alexis smiled, "ahh, I feel you cumming, it's so warm." Hazel leaned forward and kissed Alexis's shoulder.

I continued to rub my little girl's clit trying to make her cum. Her constant motion against my ass was getting me close. I kept telling myself you can't cum. You can't cum. Not with your own daughter. Your daughter can't make you cum. NO. No. Then I thought why can I make her cum but she can't make me cum? No, I screamed at myself. My daughter moving her ass up and down my cock as I played with her clit.

My daughter moaning uncontrollably. There was no way she was acting. This was my daughter's sexual side. Her sex voice. Her lusting to cum. "Ahh, ahh, keep, keep, going, so beautiful, ahh, fuck, ah, fuck me, ahh, I ah, need ahh, cock, inside, ahh, me, fucked, ahh, like that, ahhh, please, please, ahh, please, ahh, fuck me. Inside me." My daughter searching for my cock head. Trying to get my cock in between her legs.

I had caused this. I couldn't let my daughter put my cock in her pussy. Commit incest with her father. This situation was not her fault. It was mine. As much as I wanted to fuck my daughter I couldn't let her put my cock in her pussy. I moved my left hand from her breast to her hips. In order to hold my daughter down to prevent her ass from moving high enough to trap my cock in between her legs. Suddenly, my daughter dropped her feet to the bottom of the hot tub. I had no idea what she was doing. As she stood my cock slipped off her ass. My daughter turned her body and looked back at me. My daughter's upper body, her tits and even her belly button were out of the water. My daughter reached her hand into the water and grabbed a hold of my cock. Her father's cock.

I slipped and said, "Oh no honey, don't, you shouldn't."

My daughter looked at me, "I need you inside me, daddy.'

Subconsciously, I knew my daughter had just made a major slip but at the time I was more worried about what she was about to slip inside her pussy.

My daughter turned around still holding my cock in her right hand. Slowly, she lowered her ass. I could feel her opening at the tip of my penis. Then I could feel my cock sliding through her wet lips, feeling her warmth. "Ahh, daddy," My God she was so tight. My daughter pushed down and I slipped farther into her pussy. My daughter grunted, "Ahhh, ahh."

My daughter raised her ass slightly and then slammed down on my cock again. "Ahh, ahh," Then she moved her butt back up and then pushed back down. Forcing as much as my cock as possible into her pussy. My daughter's pussy was so tight that I could barely fit one finger inside her. Now she had about three quarters of my cock in her vagina. My cock isn't huge but a good 7 inches with decent girth My thin daughter had most of it inside her body.

My daughter raised herself back up, doing a squat, bringing my cock almost to her opening and then slamming down, down, down, my cock ramming all the way inside her. My daughter was now sitting on her daddy's lap with my entire cock deep inside her pussy. My daughter and I were genital to genital.

I knew my life had changed forever. My daughter's pussy was so tight, so warm, so fantastic I would compare every other pussy with it as long as I lived. My wife's pussy was not even on the same planet as my daughter's hole. Not even before she had my daughter. I knew that I would never be able to give my daughter's pussy up. I loved my wife but I loved my daughter's pussy more.

Even if I never fucked my daughter again after today, every time I saw her for the rest of my life I would remember how good my daughter's pussy felt. And I would want to fuck her. No matter what the consequences. Her pussy was that good. All I have to say is that every man with hot daughter who wonders how good his daughter's pussy feels. Stop wondering. Find out.

But know this, you shouldn't fuck your daughter it will ruin your life because your cock will want to get insider her again and again and again.

My daughter yelled out to me, "Ohh my fucking god, ohh, this is why it's fucking illegal, fuck, ahh, daddy your so fucking deep inside me."

My daughter raised her ass as she stood on her feet and then slammed down on me again, and again, and again. I placed my hands on her side and started helping her up and down, up and down, in and out, in and out. I had no idea what Hazel and Alexis thought and I didn't care. All I could think about was my daughter's pussy and my cock.

"Ahh," my daughter groaning constantly. "Ahhh," with each stroke. My daughter fucking herself with her daddy's cock. I started moving my hips, pushing up into her. Water splashing everywhere, in my face, out of the hot tub.

"Ahh, ahh," my daughter's breathing, gasping breathes, "Ahh, ahh, daddy, daddy, your, ahh, fucking, ahh, my pussy, ahh, ahh, fuck me, ahh, fuck, mee, ahh, ahh, ahh, fuck me, ahh I'm going to cum, ahh, make me cumm, ahh, cum, ahh, inside ahh, me, my ahh, daddy, fucking, ahh, me, ahh, so, ahh, wrong."

My daughter's ass was a blur as she moved up and down my cock and then she slammed her ass against me hard, impaling me deep inside her. My daughter's pussy grabbing my cock, holding me deep inside her body, in her pussy. "Ahh cumming, cumming, on my ahh daddy, ahh, 's. ahh cock. Cumming, ahhhhhhh."

Seeing her, hearing, feeling my daughter cum, being inside her when she came, it was too much. My cock exploded, my cum shooting out of my cock up into my daughter's body. I couldn't hold back a second longer. It was so wrong. A daddy is supposed to protect his daughter. Not fuck his daughter. But it felt so good. I thought to myself thank God the Agency requires all female agents to be on the pill. Specifically because of situations like this, maybe not exactly like this.

I massaged my daughter's hips with my hands and then slowly raised them to daughter's breast. My daughter turned her head towards me. I moved my hand down in between my daughters legs. Touching her pussy feeling my balls and the base of my cock pressed up against my daughter's sex. Still not quite believing I just fucked my daughter. My cock still hard and deep inside her.

My daughter gasping from exhaustion, " Ohh my fucking god. We are so sick, such fucking pervs. But I love it, ahh, fucking good, your cock, your hands, your lips." My daughter reached over and kissed me and pushed her tongue into my mouth. "Your tongue. Fuck me in every position, known to man, daddy, I need to fuck you everyday, my young pussy needs her daddy's cock, I think it needs to stay inside my body, my pussy. I think we need to walk around attached. Fucking, fucking and fucking. Incest, daddies should be fucked not loved, but fucked by their daughters. So fucking sick. I'm such a perv. I can't believe I just fucked my dad."

Alexis said to my daughter, "Brothers are good too."

My daughter turned back to Alexis and Hazel. My daughter turned ghostly white. The blood running out of her face. My cock still inside my daughter.

My brain rushed back to reality, I leaned forward and kissed my daughter's ear whispering so softly. "Go with it, sex game talk."

My daughter, Alison, leaned forward and started to slowly stand. Inch by inch she slid my cock out of her tight pussy as she stared at Alexis and Hazel embarrassed at them seeming her get fucked and now watching her remove her daddy's cock from her pussy. My daughter couldn't control her mouth and the grunts escaping from it as her mouth opened wide as if gasping for air, "Ahh, ahh, ahh." I could feel my cock being pushed out of my daughter, right at the edge of her opening. God I didn't want to leave her. My daughter shimmed her body forward and my cock popped out of my young, 19 year old daughter's pussy.

My daughter was on her feet so her upper body was out of the water exposing her breast. My daughter was now only foot away from where Alexis and Hazel sat. Alexis leaned forward and up and grabbed my daughter's breast in her hand. Alexis's other hand submerged in the water as it swam over to my daughter's pussy. Alexis's mouth wrapped around my daughter's huge, hard left nipple as her hand rubbed her pussy. Then she plunged two fingers into my daughter's pussy.

I watched exhausted. I knew I should stop Alexis. Not out of fatherly protection for my daughter. But out of jealousy. My daughter's pussy now belong to me. My daughter's pussy was her daddy's property. I started to get up and break up the attack against my daughter's sex.

Alexis moved her mouth to my daughter's right breast sucking down hard on her large nub. My daughter pulled on Alexis hair and pushed her back away from her.

"Ahh, no, ahh, ahh, no, I'm, ahh, not a lesbian, ahh," my daughter finally was able to push Alexis back into Hazel's lap. "Ahh, I fuck him, no one else, I fuck my daddy only. My pussy belongs to my daddy."

My daughter reached the step and started to climb out of the hot tub. I got up behind her and spanked her ass hard. My daughter turned non too pleased and looked at me. Realizing it was me who had slapped her butt not Alexis, my daughter smiled at me. My daughter stepped out of the hot tub giving me another show of where my cock had just been. My cum still leaking out of her vagina.

As I stepped out of the hot tub, Hazel called to me, "Ahhh, so she is your daughter. You truly do live up to your reputation. So young, 18. I took my sister for the first time when she was 18. Took her virginity. Alexis, my gorgeous sister, nothing like fucking family. Keeping it in the family."

I tried to deny, "It's just a sex game we play. She likes to call me daddy. I think she has daddy issues. Older man, younger woman, 18 year olds."

"Ah, okay, but I know the truth. You're a man after my own heart. Best sex is with someone you trust, someone who shares your DNA.

I replied coolly, "They say incest is the best."

Hazel, "We both know that's true. Right Alexis."

Alexis answered, "The taboo makes it only better. Right, Alison, daddy fucker."

My daughter was toweling off and she looked back at Alexis viciously. My daughter threw the towel down and grabbed her bikini bottoms. My daughter stepped into her bikini bottoms. In the process showing Alexis, Hazel and me her pussy and ass.

"Oh, gorgeous ass, you are a lucky man. The only man to stick his cock in that fresh pussy. Tightest ass. Have fucked her up the ass yet? Or is her bud still tight? Hmhm." Hazel played.

Alexis, 'I'd eat that fresh shaved pussy for hours. Preferably while her daddy fucked my pussy or even ass. He'd like to watch his daughter get fucked by me. I know he would. He'd enjoy watching a woman make his precious daughter howl in ecstasy as she came."

Hazel asked, "Oh, you hear that. We have to share. You have to share her with me and Alexis. I'd like to feel her when she's still young and tight before she turns 19."

My daughter pulled on her bikini bottoms covering up her bald pussy. Protecting her treasure from these criminals' prying eyes.

My daughter reached down and grabbed her bikini top. I walked over to my daughter. I lowered my head and sucked on her right nipple. Sucking on it hard as I could. I moved my right hand between my daughter's legs and started caressing her pussy through her thin bikini bottoms. My left hand around my daughter's back holding her in place.

"Oh daddy, ahh, not, ahh, herre, ahh, ahh," my daughter groaned.

I moved my mouth to her left nipple sucking at, sucking away Alexis's saliva from both of my daughter's nipples.

"Ahh, ahh, dad," my daughter begged.

I pulled my mouth away from my daughter's nipple and after on last stroke of my hand against her pussy I let go of her body.

"She's a little shy. She's embarrassed about fucking and cumming in front of other people. I need to break her in some more first. I'm not ready to share my little girl's tight pussy," I stated to Hazel and Alexis.

Hazel, "Soon."

My daughter looked at me afraid that I might pass her pussy to Alexis and Hazel. I read my daughter's eyes pleading silently, "No daddy, please no, don't let him put his cock in my pussy or let her in between my legs and eat my pussy."

I simply smiled. I lowered my head and sucked on her left nub again and rubbed her pussy for a few seconds. My daughter didn't protest this time. Then I stood up and smacked my daughter's bikini covered butt with the palm of my hand.

Hazel shouted to me as my daughter put on her bikini top covering her nakedness. But to me for the rest of my life my daughter would be naked with my cock in her pussy. Her pussy was mine only. I had no intention to share my daughter.

Hazel, "You're are truly a man after my own heart. We're going to do business together for a long time. Eventually when you tire of her young cunt, you'll share her with me. I let you fuck my sister, Alexis, as she eats your daughter's pussy. You'll let me feel your daughter's pussy. Let me put my cock inside your daughter. I know you will. "

My daughter and I walked up the path as we headed back to our room in silence. Since we past the test, an hour later I was given the account numbers. The mission was a success. Rightfully, Hazel assumed anyone who fucked their own daughter couldn't be a spy they had to be a crook. I knew Charlie had set me up. Set me up to fuck my own daughter.

Charlie and the Agency knew that the meeting wasn't going to take place in Geneva as I should have known. The Agency already knew Alexis was Hazel's sister. The fact that Alison was my daughter would give me something in common incest. Charlie knew that Alison was an inexperienced agent and would let it slip.

He knew the situation, my daughter and I, with known sexual deviants who liked to fuck in front of other couples. We would be forced to have sex in front of Hazel and Alexis to maintain are cover. Alison, my daughter, would probably let it slip during our love making that I was her father. The Agency had even probably started rumors that the wizard liked to fuck his daughter which Hazel would have heard. Hazel would then trust me. He would assume I was a perv like him who operated outside the law.

I guess I am a perv. The Agency's plan was perfect. It worked.

My daughter and I were safe and on transport back home.

My daughter and I had not spoken about what happen in the hot tub. Neither of us revealed it when we were debriefed by the Agency. My daughter thought we had gotten away with it. I didn't tell her that wasn't true. That I was certain the Agency knew I had fucked my own daughter.

Can you say embarrassing.

I didn't know if I should kill Charlie or thank him. The last thing I said to Charlie when I left the debriefing was, "I work with my daughter. No one else works with her. Not even my wife. No one else touches her. You understand."

Charlie looked at me and smiled, "I understand. I have three daughters myself. I wish they could work with me. Your daughter belongs to you. And only you."

I knew I couldn't give up my daughter's pussy. I knew I had to fuck her again. I wasn't sure what my daughter felt about us having sex. How much was a performance? How much was natural? I assumed her putting my cock in her pussy was my daughter acting for my daughter but who knows for certain in this business?

My wife is a spy. It was only a matter of time before she figured out I had fucked my daughter. Every time I looked at my daughter from this day forward I would see her naked riding my cock. I was no longer her father. I was a man who wanted to fuck a hot 19 year old girl, named Alison, my daughter.

My daughter broke me out of these thoughts as she looked at me, "Daddy will we have to see those evil people ever again."

"I don't think so honey. Now that we have the account numbers we can grab him and force him to cooperate."

My daughter sighed deeply, "Thank God. I hate that woman, Alexis. She's pretty but she doesn't take no for answer. That bitch was trying to fuck me the whole time. She put her fucking toe in pussy. That cunt was toe fucking me. Then she sucked on my tits and fingered my pussy. I'm not a fucking lesbian, bitch."

"I just came from you, my daddy, fucking me. I was like get the fuck off me. I was exhausted but I got her off me. Thank God. I can't believe they watched us. Me fuck my daddy. I'm a total perv. I know I'm sick for fucking you. I couldn't help it but I'm not a lesbian. I like my daddy, I'm only an incest perv for my daddy's cock in my pussy."

"Honey, I'm sorry I was coming to help you," I didn't mention that I let Alexis toe fuck my daughter.

"I know. Thank God, we won't see them again. I don't want that creep's, that criminal's cock in my pussy. I don't want his thing to be the second cock ever inside me. I shiver even thinking about it. Yuck." My daughter paused and then continued, " How are we going to work it when we get home? We have to keep fucking. I'm not giving up my daddy's cock. Not even for my mom. Fuck her, we're fucking every chance we get."

There is a saying that Pussy is Pussy. It's wrong. There is your daughter's pussy and than every other women's pussy.

I looked at my daughter speechless. The truth was my cock belonged to her, my daughter. My daughter's pussy feels too good to ever give up, even for my beautiful, perfect wife, her mother. Every time I fucked my wife from this day forward, all I would be really thinking about was how much tighter, hotter, wetter, warmer and better my daughter's pussy is. My cock demanded my daughter's pussy. Preferably three times a day.

Finally I said, "How do you feel about joining the mile high club?"