
Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index |   Bottom
Prologue: The Lamp's Journey
Posted: August 02, 2014 - 10:00:39 am

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

    Six Shall be one, the Marid defeated.

    In the lands of the West shall be born our salvation,
    The Blood of Sultans and Warriors flows through his veins,
    Four wives and countless lovers shall he possess; the appetite of sultans.
    If you wish freedom for the Djinn, send a daughter of Jann, slumbering in a brass lamp, to wife,
    She shall guide him to his champions and gird them for battle.
    Six shall be one, the Marid defeated.

    The Warrior of the Earthen Sword, whose youthful inexperience conceals the strength of a Sultan;
    The Consort of the Brass Lamp, whose meek obedience obfuscates the will of a Sultana;
    The Consort of the Fiery Spear, whose playful petulance hides the desires of depravity;
    The Consort of the Arcane Grimoire, whose innocent beauty obscures the powers of darkness;
    The Consort of the Airy Bow, whose calm demeanor cloaks the fury of storms;
    The Companion of the Watery Dagger, whose deep intellect masks the hunger of predators.
    Six shall be one, the Marid defeated

    In the Lands of the West shall our salvation arise,
    Their trials will be many, their conflicts fierce,
    Their enemies will beset them on all sides, hidden behind masks of authority,
    The darkness grows, hungering for power; guard well the daughter of Jann, freed from a brass lamp,
    Through blood and tears shall they be forged.
    Six shall be one, the Marid defeated.

    In the lands of the West shall be born our salvation.

    — The Kalsomid Prophecy

Khoshilat Maqandeli – 1156 AD

"Great Sheikh," Kalsom binti Abdullah bowed like an ancient oak beneath a raging wind. "I have read the frankincense vapors, and found the husband for your daughter."

Sheikh Umar ibn al-Jann, Ruler of the Jann Tribe of the Hidden People—whom the mortals called the Djinn—sat on his throne of tourmaline. Finally, after three hundred years of questing, the mortal instrument of prophecy had been divined—the champion who would wrest the Sultanate from the cruel hands Rashid bin Al-Marid. For millennia, the Five Tribes of the Hidden People had shared the rule, passing the Sultanate every one hundred years from the Jann, to the Si'lat, the Ghul, the Ifrit, the Marid, and finally passing back to the Jann, starting the cycle anew.

But Rashid, with the duplicitous Ifrit's aid, held on to the Sultanate, refusing to pass its rule to Sheikh Umar a thousand years ago, and ruthlessly subjugated the Jann when they had objected. Now the Sheikh's tribe was too weak to challenge the Marid. And they had no allies; the Ifrit had made their deal, the Si'lat were too involved in their appetites, and the Ghul were too easily appeased with gifts and tributes.

But a mortal not bound by the Hidden Peoples' laws—

"Who?" Sheikh Umar asked.

"He is known as Yusuf ibn Ayyub," Kalsom answered, her voice reedy with age. She was the oldest of the Jann, among the first that formed out of dust and vapor. "One day men will call him Salah ad-Din Yusuf ibn Ayyub when he rules the mortal Caliphate."

The Sheikh nodded. A powerful man indeed. "Summon my daughter."

A moment later his daughter entered; she must have been lurking in the antechamber, once again spying on matters that didn't concern a woman. She strode the length of his court, the various nobles and warriors in attendance bowed as she passed. His daughter was dressed in her yellow silk pantaloons and vest, her caramel skin darkening the sheer fabric where it pressed against her lithe flesh. Every man in the court lusted after her perfection. Her round face was hidden by the flimsiest of yellow veils, and her dark eyes stared at him with curiosity. She was the loveliest flower of his garden, and it pained him imagining a mortal plucking her. When she reached the base of his throne, she fell to her knees in supplication, and kissed the tasseled slipper of his right foot.

"I am ever your obedient daughter," she murmured. "What need do you have of me, Father?"

"A husband has been found for you, daughter," he boomed. "A mortal."

"I know what is expected of me, father," she answered calm and respectful. She had been training for this day for two hundred years, patiently waiting, studying the arts of home and harem.

"Then sleep, my flower," the Sheikh whispered sadly. "You shall awaken in the house of your beloved husband and cleave to him as the first of his wives, the mistress of his harem."

"My dreams shall be full of my bridegroom's handsome countenance," Aaliyah purred, not a hint of fear at her impending imprisonment. Nothing frightened the Hidden People more than being bound to an artifact, at the mercy of a mortal's tyranny. And she went willingly with the strength and dignity of a Sultana. He held back his tears of pride, they were for the privacy of his harem and his wives ministrations, not for his entire court, and the Marid's spies, to see.

"Obey him in all things, my beloved daughter, but your powers shall be limited to matters of hearth and harem while you dwell apart from the Unseen Realm." As he spoke, his words fell like chains about her, limiting the great gift she possessed. She was a Noble Jann, and the power of creation swirled inside her. Too much power to be given to any mortal, even the one who would rescue his people from the Marid's bondage.

"I understand, Father."

Kalsom began her chant, setting the plain, brass lamp at Aaliyah's slippered feet. His daughter glanced at the simple lamp, unafraid. No. Anticipation filled her face; she had awaited this day for two hundred years, keeping her innocents intact for a bridegroom that hadn't even been born yet. She would guide this Yusuf ibn Ayyub, and free the Hidden People from Rashid's tyranny.

The chant grew louder, and power filled the room like the searing wind of the desert. Aaliyah's form wavered, dancing like a mirage on the desert sands. The distortion grew and she fuzzed, her body breaking apart into billowing, yellow dust, the essence of a Jann. The cloud of dust that was his daughter whirled and howled, spinning into a cyclone above the lamp. Faster and faster she spun about, stirring a breeze in the court. Kalsom finished her chant, and the spout of the lamp began to draw his daughter's dust, sucking her into the plain, brass vessel. He forced himself to watch, even as his heart broke in his chest. The last of the dust vanished; the wind died down.

"Sleep, my daughter," the Sheikh whispered. He picked up the brass lamp and handed it to Kalsom.

Sahabah – 1156 AD

The Sultan of the Unseen Realm, Rashid bin Al-Marid, absorbed the spies words as he sat upon his sapphire throne. He was silent for many heartbeats, then turned to the beautiful Ifrit kneeling before his throne. He considered her for more heartbeats, his ancient face twitching as he thought, his hands stroking his long, white beard. He had expected this news for three hundred years, ever since that twisted crone had pronounced her prophecy. If he could, he would have every last member of the Jann put to death for their insolence. Alas, laws stronger than death bound his race, and he could not shed their blood without ... consequences.

"Zaritha, see that the Jann whore does not reach this mortal," he rumbled like the sea pounding a rocky cliff; power filled his voice.

A smile appeared on the Ifrit's lips, her eyes glowing red with her inner fire.

Baghdad – 1156 AD

"I will take ten men and travel night and day to reach Mosul," promised Wafi as the Jann crone placed the brass lamp into his hands. "Allah willing, I will not fail."

Wafi and his ten men rode hard across the lands, traveling northwest from Baghdad, the mother of cities. On their third day, the Crusaders found them. Wafi cursed his bad luck—the Crusaders never traveled this far from the Levant—and drew his scimitar, spurring his horse at the damned infidels. A knight led them, heavily armored, and his scimitar scraped off the metal plates of the knight's armor.

The knight's sword opened a cut in his side. Waif toppled to the sand. He tried to command his limbs to move; they ignored him. The knight dismount, armor clanging, and approached him. He couldn't see the knight's face past his visor. The knight bent down, opening the satchel at his waist. Wafi tried to protest, but his life was bleeding out, and his body was rebelling against his commands.

I failed her, Wafi thought as the knight picked up the brass lamp, then the darkness took him.

Acre – 1160 AD

Alphonse of Toulouse fingered the brass lamp as his boat slipped anchor, heading out into the Mediterranean to take the knight home. The lamp vexed him. He could sense there was something important about it; that some Moorish spell had been placed upon it. He was certain of it; the column of fire had led him to those Moslems for a reason.

For this lamp.

The voyage was long, boring, and puzzling over the lamp occupied his time.

As they sailed past Sicily, a storm rose up, howling with all the rage of hell. Alphonse almost imagined a woman's voice in the wind, laughing in malicious delight. The ship's keel broke, and the knight sank beneath the waves, clutching the lamp. His dying thoughts were full of frustration—he had never found the lamp's secret.

Sicily – 1902 AD

The day before Nicoletta Bello left for America, she wanted to have one last walk on the beach of her beautiful, impoverished home. She savored the smell of the Mediterranean, knowing she would never see the sea again. The waves washed over her, and the sand squelched as she walked and skipped and laughed and cried.

On her walk back home, she noticed something shining in the surf. A battered lamp was half-buried in the sand, tarnished by age. Excitement trembled through her; the lamp tingled in her hand—it was special.

As the Citta di Milano sailed across the Atlantic, Nicoletta pondered over the old, brass lamp. But she failed to penetrate its secrets by the time her ship docked at Ellis Island. Within an hour of clearing immigration, her luggage had been stolen. To the day she died, she couldn't stop thinking about the lamp, and often wondered what the thief had done with it.

New York City – 1902 AD

"It's a right deal," Sean Murphy proclaimed as August Harper examined the brass lamp. "Give it to you for a dollar."

August carefully examined the brass lamp he held in his ebony hands. "It be dented and tarnished. I'll give you a half dollar."

"Hey! What you tryin' to pull!" the Irish street urchin complained.

"Half-dollar," August repeated. He didn't make that much as a sailor, but there was something special about this lamp. It had some hoodoo about it. "It's rubbish. I'm doin' you a favor."

"Half-dollar and a quarter," Sean shot back. "Ain't taken a penny less!"

"How 'bout a half-dollar and a dime."

"Fine," Sean sighed. "You rippin' me off, negro."

August never could figure out what sort of hoodoo the lamp possessed. Three months later, when he returned home to South Carolina, he gave it to his pretty daughter Marjorie, smiling as her eyes lit up when she saw the lamp.

That made it worth every penny.

Seattle – 1918 AD

Marjorie smiled when she unpacked the lamp.

The last gift her pa had ever given her. A week later he had taken a job on a merchantman and a storm had sunk his ship. She stroked the brass lamp, feeling the energy tingling through her fingers. The lamp possessed some hoodoo, and holding it always made her aches disappear, and she had more than a few these days. She waddled awkwardly across her living room to the mantle of the red-bricked fireplace, setting the lamp upon it. She sighed, and turned back to the boxes, wishing Nathaniel, her husband, was here to help her unpack their tiny apartment.

But he had found work on a fisher boat—the reason they packed up and moved across the whole country—and was on his way up to the Bearing Sea. She gave a quick prayer that he would return safe to see their son or daughter. She rubbed her belly; their first child should be born any day now.

Puyallup – 2001 AD

Dafon walked into Curious Treasures, one of the many antique stores in downtown Puyallup, with a box of his Great-Grandmother's possessions. It still surprised him that she had died; she had seemed immortal sitting on her porch evening after evening, ready to snuggle one of her many great-grandchildren's children. But Marjorie Collins had lived a good 103 years on this Earth, blessed with a large family.

Who left all the work of taking care of her estate to me, he groused in his mind as he set the box on the counter.

The owner was a fussy Asian man, half-bent, with only a few wisps of his gray hair still sprouting from his liver-spotted head. He sorted through Dafon's box, clucking his tongue. "Most of this is worthless I'm afraid," he wheezed, his voice dry sandpaper rubbing together. "I'll give you twenty for the brass lamp and another thirty for this stuff here."

Puyallup – 2014 AD

Aaliyah dreamed for nearly a thousand years, undisturbed by the journey her lamp had taken. Unaware of how much time had passed. She dreamed of her bridegroom, a faceless, handsome man and dashing warrior, who would treasure her and love her like all those romantic tales her father's wives and concubines had filled her head with as they idled away in the harem.

A jolt stirred her. My bridegroom, at last, she thought, sleep still pressing on her. But she was waking up, shaking off the eons slumber.

Sahabah – 2014 AD

Sultan Rashid bin Al-Marid woke from his sleep, a terrible foreboding filling his soul. Something stirred in the world. "Summon Zaritha," he commanded to his servant.

The Ifrit entered and knelt, curiosity playing in the fires of her eyes.

"The lamp has been discovered," Rashid growled, tugging at his long, white beard. "How?"

Zaritha shifted. "I caused the boat it was on to sink nearly a thousand years ago. It should never have been found."

"Rectify your mistake."

She flinched at his words. "At once, Great Sultan of the Hidden People!"
Chapter 1 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Prologue |   Bottom
Chapter 1: The Genie of the Lamp
Posted: August 02, 2014 - 10:00:39 am

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

South Hill, Washington – Wednesday, January 15th, 2014

Kyle Unmei Jr. was hoping to get laid for his seventeenth birthday.

Losing his virginity before his Junior year ended was his number one goal, and he desperately hoped his girlfriend would finally put out tonight. It was his birthday, a point he kept subtly—or so he hoped—slipping in to their conversation as they ate dinner. During the movie—some romantic comedy, he had already forgotten the title—he had managed to get a few smooches from his girlfriend and a quick grope of her budding breasts through her cute top, but he was looking for more.

Christy smiled shyly at him as he pulled his beat-up Ford Taurus a block from her house. His balls ached as he stared at the profile of her face: dainty nose, pouty lips, thick lashes. She wore a cute, pink top underneath a black, leather jacket. Pink tights clung to her sleek thighs beneath a black skirt that hugged her shapely rear like like a second skin. She didn't wear much jewelry, only a silver necklace that dangled a hunk of amber between her tits.

"This isn't my house, Kyle," she giggled.

"You're just so beautiful," he answered, stroking her face. "I love you so much."

Her smile broadened, an invitation, and he leaned over and captured her lips. He tasted her sweet, cherry lip gloss, as his tongue pushed into her mouth. She moaned slightly, her tongue fluttering against his lips. His hand reached out, brushing her brown curls from her shoulder, then cupped her pale cheek with his dark hand.

His cock ached so bad. Christy was so sexy, so beautiful. He had to touch her, burning to feel her flesh, to be inside her. He loved her so much his balls hurt. He leaned over the console, ignoring the steering wheel digging into his side, and let his left hand rest on her thigh covered in her warm tights. She mewled into his mouth, her hand reaching around his head, tightening in his dark-brown hair. She squirmed in her seat, her kiss becoming more passionate, nibbling on his lower lip.

Where did she learn to kiss like this? Their first kiss had been awkward, neither knowing what do to, but the last few times she had been dynamite. Well, we have been practicing a lot.

His hand slipped down from her face to her breast, giving the firm, supple mound a squeeze through her top. Another sigh. She loves it! I bet I could get to third base! He moved lower, her stomach taught beneath her clothes. He found the hem. This is it! Her skin was warm, smooth as silk, and he moved up, ever so slow, to his goal. She kissed him harder, all the invitation he needed, and he found her budding mound.

She wore no bra; the top she wore had built in support. She was warm, supple, her nipple hard against his palm. She sighed, a happy noise, almost cat-like. Her hand reached down, grabbed his hand on her leg, and moved it higher, beneath the hem of her skirt; warmth engulfed his hand as her thighs pressed against him. He reached that wonderful nexus where legs met groin, and pressed against her pussy through tights and panties, her heat almost burning his hand. She moaned and squirmed, becoming damp.

I'm getting laid tonight!

Her phone chirped mysteriously. She broke the kiss.

"Ignore it," he panted, pinching her nipple.

"It's my ... parents," she gasped, reaching for her purse.

Groaning, he leaned back, surreptitiously adjusting his cock in his jeans. His fingers were oily with her juices that had soaked through panties and tights, and he couldn't help sliding the slick fluid between two fingers. So close, he groaned.

"Shit!"

He blinked; she almost never cursed. "What?"

"I have to go home," she sighed; frustrated dejection painted her face.

"I need some relief," he wheedled. "You're so sexy. And I love you so much."

"I'm sorry." She did sound sorry. Her nipple dimpled her top, her ivory cheeks flushed red, and her hazel eyes shone with desire.

She's as horny as I am, he realized. She's not trying to get out of it.

"It's my stupid parents. I'll make it up to you next time."

"Maybe a quick hand job?" he pressed, grabbing her hand and placing it on his crotch. "It's my birthday."

She squeezed him, and leaned over, whispering in his ear. "I'll do more than jerk you off next time. I'm free Friday."

"It's a date," he said eagerly. She leaned over and kissed him one last time.

Friday night was their usual date night; it was unusual for them to go out on a Wednesday or any other school night. Christy's parents were strict, and only would let her date on a Friday or Saturday, and Saturday was Christy's book club. Her parents had only let her come out tonight because it was his birthday and he promised to get her home by ten. That was still thirty minutes away, and Kyle had thought he left enough time to score.

Dammit! Guess it's the sock tonight!

Like a gentleman, he walked her up to the door, and her goodnight kiss—passionate, full of tongue, his hand venturing down to her ass—left them both frustrated. "I love you, Kyle. Sorry. I really was going to make tonight special."

"It's okay," Kyle lied, not wanting to say something stupid and make it worse. "Parents suck sometimes."

"At least mine do," she giggled. "Your mom is so cool."

"I guess." There was an awkward pause. "Well, good night. Love you."

She gave him one last kiss then she darted inside.

"Fuck," he muttered, kicking a lawn gnome over on the way back to his car.

His balls ached the entire drive home, full of sperm begging to be released. It was the worst case of blue balls Kyle had ever experienced. Rain started hammering his car, a deluge that fogged his windows up for a moment and covered the roadway in water in mere seconds. Just like her damned parents, ruining a perfect night.

He dripped water on the foyer, soaked by the deluge. Fatima laughed at him.

"Wet outside?" his impish, little sister asked, a grin on her round face.

Fatima had the same, strange racial mixture as Kyle. Round face and almond-shaped eyes from their Japanese father, but her rich brown skin and dark lashes came from their Kurdish mother. She was fourteen, and blossoming into a beautiful flower that often fueled his fantasy, and left him feeling guilty afterward.

"You're home early," she taunted. "Did Christy blow you off? I bet you wanted her to blow you instead!"

"Fatima!" snapped their mother. "Don't tease your brother. His date clearly went bad. Do you want a hug? Come here and let mommy make it all feel better."

The mischievous grin on his mother's face belied her motherly tone. She was beautiful, strong cheekbones and sultry eyes framed by dark-brown, almost black, hair. At thirty-seven, she was stunning, a ripened beauty, and Kyle's cock twitched in his pants. He wondered if he would be thinking of Christy or his mom when he jerked off. Maybe both together...

"Her parent's texted her to come home early," he sighed. "But thanks for all the sympathy. It's only my birthday."

"Is it?" she asked, tapping her cheek. "I think you might have mentioned that once or twice."

"Yeah, once or twice every minute!" Fatima laughed.

"That sounds right," his mom nodded.

"Was I that bad?"

"Worse." she answered, then hugged him. Her lush body pressing against him did little to help his aching balls out. "Now go upstairs, and get out of those wet clothes!"

"Sure."

"And happy birthday."

"Thanks, Mom."

"Have fun polishing your pole!" his bratty sister chortled.

He froze, feeling his blood rise in his cheeks. "I'm n-not gonna do that."

She just grinned like an imp, jerking her right hand almost casually.

"You're one to judge," his mom said. "I know a certain, young lady who has started taking extraordinary long showers since we got that shower massager."

Fatima blushed darkly. "Mom!"

"If you can't take it, then don't dish it." She turned to Kyle. "Have a good night, dear."

His cheeks still burning, he trudged through the living room. An image of his sister, her dusky-brown body beading with water as she rubbed the shower head against her pussy, flooded his mind. Her back would arch, her brown nipples hardening atop budding breasts. She would gasp soft and sweet, her dark lashes fluttering, as her orgasm crashed through her.

He shook his head, trying to banish the image, and his eyes fell on his parent's wedding picture. Dad stood in his dress uniform, a young Lieutenant in the Army next to his mom in her white wedding dress. They looked so happy together. It sometimes snuck up on Kyle that his dad had been dead for five years, killed in Iraq leading his company against insurgents. That's one of the reasons Kyle planned on joining the Army. He told his mom it was for college, they would pay for it while he served in the ROTC, but he really wanted to follow in his dad's footsteps and make him proud.

Kyle's lust, and his very aching cock, didn't allow for a longer reflection though, and he headed upstairs; his sock and imagination awaited him. His room was clean, unlike most of his friends. The bed neatly made, ready for a military inspection, and the floor wasn't littered with dirty clothes or books or garbage. His laptop rested on his desk next to a lamp and a pencil cup. A few video game posters decorated one wall, and his TV hung above his dresser. His Xbox perched atop his dresser next to the brass lamp he had bought yesterday. Everything in his room set in its proper place the way his dad had ingrained in him as a child.

Kyle's eyes fell on the battered, brass lamp, and still wasn't sure what had drawn him to it. He had been in the Antique section of downtown Puyallup, picking up his grandfather's watch for his mom from a repair shop, when he caught a glint through the window. He walked into Curious Treasures, marched right up to the lamp, and when he had touched it, he knew he had to have it. There was something special about it, a spark of energy that touched the very core of his being. The lamp had been priced sixty bucks—most of the birthday money his Oba-chan, his father's mother, had given him—he didn't even hesitate to buy it.

He still wasn't sure what he would do with it, or even why he spent so much money on it. It looked like one of those Arabic lamps from that Disney cartoon, made of plain brass, and clearly old, with dents and creases pockmarking the surface. The best use he could come up with was as an incense holder. He pulled out a frankincense stick—his mother had been burning them since he was a child, and Kyle was quite fond of the scent—lit it, and stuck it into the lamp's spout, filling the room with a sweet, piercing scent.

He dropped his pants, stretched out on his bed, found his grimy sock, and started jerking his cock. He imagined Christy kneeling on his bed, her tongue lapping at his shaft while her hazel eyes looked adoringly up at him. Then his mom would walk in and join his girlfriend, her tongue—

The whooshing sound jolted him out of his fantasy. He looked around his room for the source; panic surged through him as thick smoke poured out of the lamp, swirling into the center of his room. Then he froze. What kind of smoke was yellow? A dusty smell, like sand baked in the sun, hit him, reminding him of the family trip to the Grand Canyon before his dad's last deployment.

The yellow smoke—no, it's dust, he realized—swirled down to his floor, staying in a tight mass. His jaw dropped, too stunned by the dust's strange behavior to be scared. It gathered in a single cloud about the size of a curled up person, whirling faster and faster, howling like a fierce storm. The hair on his arms stood up, static electricity charging the air. The dust coalesced like a star being born in a nebula.

Instead a girl was born.

She was young, perhaps sixteen, with midnight-black hair that draped across her dusky skin, dark like Kyle's, but more olive than his brown. Yellow, silk pantaloons clad her legs, so sheer he could see her dark thighs bleed through where the fabric rested on her flesh, and a sheer vest, also yellow. Her nipples were dark brown, easily visible through the fabric, and the green embroidery on her vest's bosom seemed designed to draw the eye to her beauty. Her eyes were closed; her face beautiful, covered by a translucent, yellow veil, and through that veil he could see lush and red lips, while dark eyelashes fluttered at him. On the back of her hands were intricate tattoos, lines forming geometric patterns, in brown henna.

Like marriage tattoos, he realized. His mother had temporary tattoos drawn on her hands before her marriage; if you looked carefully at her wedding pictures, you could make the delicate designs out on the back of her hands.

The girl's eyes flashed open, sultry and dark. She sat up, stretching, thrusting her round breasts forward, her nipples dark points through the sheer silk. They were larger than Christy's, grapefruits to his girlfriend's oranges. Her eyes flitted around the room, then settled on him. Her smile grew, her eyes widened, and a dark blush suffused her delicate cheeks. Blood flooded his cock, expanding in a heartbeat like a car's airbags.

She bowed, speaking respectfully, and rapidly, in Arabic. He blinked, only catching one word in ten; he didn't know much oh his mom's tongue. "Uh ... I ... um..." he stammered.

She looked up at him, asking another question. Her voice was musical and soothing.

"I don't speak much Arabic," he finally spat out. What was going on. She came out of the lamp... His eyes widened. Was she a Genie?

Her look was confused. Great, she doesn't speak English. I'm half-Japanese and half-Kurdish, and the only language I speak is English. She asked another question, her syllables merging together as she rapidly spoke, then a frown appeared on her face. Then more questions, a deluge of meaningless sounds, as beautiful as a bird's songs, and just as incomprehensible. She switched languages, and it sounded a little like Greek.

He sighed. "I wished you spoke English."

" ... not at all how I expected this to go, I would have..." her voice trailed off. "You can understand me now, husband?"

"Yeah." Wait, did she just call me husband?

"I'm glad you made that wish," she smiled.

"Wish? So you are a Genie?" His heart beat in excitement.

"Yes, I am a Djinn, Yusuf." Djinn was one syllable when she said it, and far more beautiful than Genie. "I am Aaliyah of the Jann tribe, daughter of Sheikh Umar ibn al-Jann and, by ancient tradition, present myself as your bride."

His mind whirled. An actual genie or Djinn or whatever. Oh crap! I wasted one of my three wishes! "So you're here to grant me wishes?"

She frowned. "No. Well, yes, I have some limited powers. Surely the letter from my father explained all of this, Yusuf."

"You're a Genie. You grant three wishes to whomever frees you, right. That's what all the stories say. Well, I want a billion dollars!" The words tumbled out of his mouth before he could even think things through, but he was so excited.

"I'm afraid I can't do that," she answered.

"Why not? You're my Genie."

"I am here to serve you, Yusuf. But there are limitations on my power."

"Why do you keep calling me that? Is it a title? My Arabic is very bad."

She frowned at him. "It is your name, right? You are Yusuf, right. Yusuf ibn Ayyub?"

"Nope. I'm Kyle Unmei Jr."

"What a foreign name." She peered at him, then nodded. "I can see the far east in your face, but this language sounds European."

"It's English."

"I don't understand," she frowned. "But only my bridegroom or one of his blood could have ... Oh my, how long have I slept?"

I shrugged. "It's 2014."

She shook her head.

"It's the European calendar"

"Sorry. I was never taught that."

Kyle thought for a moment. "So who is this Yusuf guy?" he asked. "Maybe that can help pin it down. Was he famous?"

"A Kurdish man destined for greatness," Aaliyah answered. "I was told one day he would be called Salah ad-Din Yusuf ibn Ayyub when he ruled the Caliphate."

"Salah ad-Din," Kyle muttered, chewing the words up. "That sounds kind of ... wait, Saladin? He died like a thousand years ago. That was during the Crusades or something." He vaguely remembered that fact from Assassins Creed.

Her face fell. "You must be his descendant, Kyle." She looked him up and down critically, then nodded. "His task has fallen to you, my husband. The Hidden People have been enslaved to the Marid tribe. You are our only hope."

"Fuck," he muttered. This was starting to sound like a video game or Star Wars.

"On your eighteenth birthday, you must present yourself at Sahabah and claim the throne in my name."

"Sahabah? Is that in Saudi Arabia?"

"It is everywhere and nowhere," Aaliyah answered. "It is the capital of the Djinn."

"This has got to be a dream," Kyle gaped, pinching his arm hard. He didn't wake up.

She scooted closer. "It is no dream, my husband."

Her hands touched his thighs and he realized he was naked from the waist down. Her dark eyes gazed at his hard shaft; he throbbed as she licked her lush lips, warm breath blowing across his cock. Everything went out his head at that moment—the fact that she was a Genie, her cryptic words about a task, the girlfriend he loved—except that a hot girl was just inches from his aching cock.

"Would you like to use my mouth for relief, husband?" Aaliyah purred. "Or would you like to take my maidenhead?"

"I ... uh..." Christy's smiling face appeared in his mind. "I have a girlfriend."

"Girlfriend..." she mouthed the words. "Ahh, such an interesting concept. I do not see the problem. I am your wife. It is only proper that I relieve your needs. I am well versed in the arts of the sigh and the pillow, though no man has ever touched me."

"But she's my girlfriend."

"I know." Confusion marred her face. "You are destined for greatness. Of course there will be other wives. You will need four before you can claim the throne."

A strangled sound escaped his lips. "Four?"

"A great man must have four wives," she answered. "Proof of his power. Now relax, husband, and let me relieve you."

Her veil melted away and her mouth engulfed his cock. She was warm. So wonderfully warm. And her tongue was agile, swirling about his cock as she sucked. A girl's mouth is on my cock! A real, live girl or Djinn or Genie or whatever is sucking my cock!

He came.

He leaned back, gripping the sheets. The pleasure was so intense. Far better than anything his hand had ever generated. It drove all thoughts of his girlfriend, and his guilt, out of his mind. It was rapturous. He heaved, looking down at the girl, the genie, who just gave him his first blowjob. She had a pleased smile and a bemused look in her eyes; white cum stained her lips.

"That wasn't ... unpleasant," she smiled. "Salty and a little bitter."

She rose up, leaning in to kiss him; he flinched back. "There's cum on your lips."

"Oh, right," she nodded and the cum vanished. "All better."

Her kiss was soft and timid, much like Christy's had been the first time; for all her talk of training, she was quite inexperienced. Memory of Christy's bone-melting kiss in the car plagued his conscience; he did love his girlfriend, but Aaliyah's ardor was making it hard to remember that fact, and his own lust was quickly drowning out his guilt at betraying his girlfriend.

His hands grasped her sides, and he found her naked. He slid higher, expecting to feel her silk vest. Instead her found her ripe grapefruits. Where did her clothes go? They were softer than Christy's, but her nipple felt smaller, tiny buds compared to the fat nubs he felt on his girlfriend's breast not even an hour ago.

She mewled into his lips as his fingers pinched her nipple, and wiggled on his lap, his hard cock prodding the softness of her rear. Her hand rubbed at his bare chest. Where did my shirt go? Her fingers traced his pectoral muscles—JROTC and kendo kept him in shape. She giggled and cooed, clearly enjoying his definition.

"So strong, my husband. A warrior's body."

His blood boiled, going straight to his cock. He didn't care about anything right now, least of all his girlfriend. He had to fuck this lithe, beautiful creature in his arms. He had to finally get laid. She didn't resist as he lowered her onto her back, her black hair fanned out across his pillows and Seahawks comforter. Her hands found his rod, stroking it gently, guiding him between her legs.

"Take me, my husband!"

Why does she keep calling me that? His cock brushed the petals of her flower, damp with her passion's dew, and that question didn't matter. A spicy scent filled his nostrils, exciting him and driving him to plunge into her silky wetness.

His first thrust missed, his cock sliding up through her lips, bringing a wet moan as he brushed her clit, then he slid through the silkiness of her neatly trimmed, black bush; he almost came again. He drew back, taking a breath, and moved his cock lower, pushing slowly until he felt her wonderful folds slipping around him.

Rapture!

Pleasure!

Amazing!

Hot!

Wet!

Sensations poured through him as he savored his first taste of pussy. He pushed in more, feeling something stopping him, soft like tissue, an obstacle keeping him from his goal. He pressed on; she gasped as it gave way before him. Then he was all the way inside her, his balls resting against her groin.

He erupted; the sensations too much to hold back.

His cock shrank, wilting inside her. Frustration seethed in him. He was finally in a girl's pussy and he lasted five seconds. "I wish I could last as long as I wanted," he muttered, "and keep fucking you."

"Done, my husband."

Life flared into his cock, and he expanded inside her. There goes my second wish! His hips pumped. Her hips rolled. He kissed her again, reveling in the tight, wet, silky feel of her sheath. He loved it. Her blowjob had been amazing, but this—this was paradise.

"Oh, my love!" she gasped as she writhed beneath him. "I love you, love you, love you!"

"I love you too!" Kyle moaned back. Did I love her? I love Christy? Right? His emotions were too confused by the pleasure surging from his cock. It didn't matter if he loved her. It just mattered that he kept pumping his hips inside her until that wonderful moment of release. He'd say anything to keep fucking her—any lie, any admission of love. He could sort out his feelings later when he wasn't buried to the hilt in hot cunt.

"You're so hot!" he grunted. "You feel wonderful!"

"Oh, yes!" she gasped. "I'm ... I'm ... cumming! Oh, what a wonderful word! Cumming!" She said it slow, letting every vowel and consonant linger on her lips. "Cumming, cumming, cumming!"

Her sheathe convulsed like a gloved hand about him. New sensations adding to plethora of other, wonderful feelings. Her legs wrapped tight about his hips, pulling him to her, and her nipples rubbed hard against his chest. He buried his face into her hair, smelling of sandalwood and jasmine. He bit at her ear, and that made her squeal and cum again on his cock.

He exploded.

Driving his cock as deep as he could, he basted her pussy with his seed. His body tensed, every muscle tightening. He grunted and groaned, pleasure spiking through him with every blast of cum. Then he was finished, and he collapsed onto the pillows of her breasts, burying his face into her silky tits. Sweat and the sweet unguents adorning her body warred in his nose along with reek of their lovemaking: cum and spicy cunt.

"Oh, my husband," she purred.

"I'm not your..."

The door banged open. "What in the hell is going on in..." His mother's voice trailed off at the sight. "Kyle ... what ... who..."

"Mom, I..." He was about to say he could explain, but he couldn't. Beyond his astonished mother stood an even more astonished Fatima.

"Big brother, you are in trouble," she taunted; her astonishment replaced by a devilish grin.

Aaliyah slipped out from beneath him, still naked, and knelt before his mother on the floor. She has a nice ass. A rich, olive color, and no fat—two perfect hemispheres.

"Mother, it warms my heart to greet you. I am Aaliyah, daughter of Sheikh Umar ibn al-Jann, ruler of the Jann, and wife to your son."

"I..." she stammered. "What? Wife?"

"Forgive my undress," Aaliyah blushed, and suddenly she wore her silks that did little to conceal her lush body. "We were consummating our union. I promise to love your son and see he is well cared for."

"Who is this girl?" his mother stammered. "I don't ... what about Christy?"

"She's a..." Crap, how do I explain she's a genie?

"I am sure Christy will make a fine, second wife for Kyle," Aaliyah answered. "Do not think me the jealous type. I grew up in my father's harem. He had four wives and a thousand concubines, all as fair as a desert oasis."

Holy shit. A thousand?

"I don't know what kind of bull you are shoveling, young lady, but it will not fly in my house. I did not raise my son to sneak girls into his bedroom."

Aaliyah wilted. "I am sorry to give offense, Mother, but..."

"I am not your mother, young lady!" She glared at her son. "Kyle, I thought you had better judgment then this."

He didn't know what to say, and was all too aware of his nakedness beneath the blanket. His heart raced a mile a minute, and his thoughts felt like molasses. He wanted to speak, opening his mouth, but he could think of nothing. I wish there was someway to make mom understand.

Done, my love, Aaliyah's voice echoed in his head.

His mom relaxed in an instant. "I'm so glad to have you for my daughter, Aaliyah."

"Thank you, Mother."

Then his mom entered his room, pulled Aaliyah to her feet, and hugged her warmly. "Welcome to the family." Tears actually adorned his mother's dark lashes.

"Mom!" gasped Fatima. "You're okay with them fu ... having sex?"

"They're married, it's only proper for them to be ... uh ... intimate."

His sister spluttered like she was choking on a chicken bone.

You can read my mind?

Of course. It can be difficult. Your thoughts are very ... well ... disorganized.

Make my sister understand.

Fatima instantly regained her composure, her impish grin exploding across her face. Then she chortled. "Well, I guess your hand can finally get some rest. No more self-stimulation." She made a jerking motion with her hand.

Aaliyah nodded emphatically. "I will make sure my husband's needs are satisfied. He will not have to resort to masturbation any longer. All of my body is his to use."

Fatima rolled her eyes. "I see why you married her. You two are peas in a pod."

"C'mon, let's leave them alone. It's a special night for them. I remember my own wedding night..." His mom's words were cut short as she closed the door.

"All of your body?" Did that mean her ass, too?

"All of me. Even my ass, my love."

His cock was hardening beneath the blankets. Her clothes vanished and she knelt naked before me. "How do you do that? Make your clothes disappeared? And how do read my thoughts?"

"My powers are limited to the hearth and harem."

"What?"

"I can use my powers to make clothes or furniture, or to conjure food," she answered. "All to maintain your household."

"How does making my mom and sister accept all this fall under that?"

"It doesn't, husband."

"Call me Kyle. I'm not your husband."

"You are," she insisted. "You accepted my betrothal when you freed me from the lamp, and then you consummated our marriage in this very room."

Kyle wasn't sure how to feel about that. She was pretty, but he didn't know her. His hormones made it hard to think clearly, especially with her kneeling naked before him, but he was sure he didn't love her. How could he; they just met. But he did want to fuck her again. He wanted to use her in every way his imagination could conjure, his lust warring with the guilt of cheating on his girlfriend.

"So we're really married?"

Pain crossed her face. "Are you displeased with me? Did I not satisfy you properly?"

"No, no! You ... um ... satisfied me very well. This is all just so sudden. We don't even know each other!"

"Everyday we shall grow closer and closer, our love growing stronger," she declared.

"And what about my girlfriend?"

She gave him a confused look. "If she loves you, then surely she would consent to be your second wife."

He sighed. How am I going to explain this to Christy. Hey, this is my wife and she's totally fine if we keep dating and hopes we'll get married. Like that'll fly! That was a problem for tomorrow. "How did you make my mom and sister accept this if your powers only affect the hearth?"

"My powers affect hearth and harem," she answered. "Causing your family to accept us falls under the harem part of my powers. As your first wife, it is my job to oversee your harem and see that you are satisfied. I read your thoughts so I can anticipate your desires."

"So making my mom accept you..."

"Let's me satisfy you without causing undo stress in your family," she finished with a smile. "I can also make any woman fall in love with you, desire you, or allow you to bed them."

He swallowed. Any woman? His masturbatory fantasy reared its head: Christy fucking him; Ms. Capello, his hot English teacher, fucking his cock with her large tits; fucking his classmate Carla's fine ass; dusky-skinned Megan, his old babysitter, slipping in the shower with him; Toni, one of the hot cheerleaders, on her knees sucking his cock; his mother's face dripping with his cum; more and more filled his mind, an endless parade of the hot women.

"Even your mother," Aaliyah purred. "If you want a woman for your harem or as your wife, all you have to do is ask."

"Why do you want to do that?" he asked, swallowing. It seemed wrong to Kyle to make any woman have sex with him, let alone marry him.

"You're a powerful man. And powerful men have appetites. I understand this, my love, and wish only for your happiness."

"So if I said, 'I wish for Megan to appear in my bedroom and fuck me, ' you could do that?"

"Do you want that?"

Her dark eyes fixed on him, and an image of his old babysitter bent over in a pair of tight daisy dukes filled his mind. That image still haunted Kyle, and he loved to spank it thinking about his babysitter doing naughty things to him. Her ass was perfect, and she always wore tight clothing to show it off.

"I..." He worked his mouth, his mind whirling. It would be wrong. Like date raping a girl.

I want to fuck that ass! his cock seemed to yell as it hardened.

He shuddered as Aaliyah licked up his shaft.

You've always wanted to fuck her, what's the harm? the lustful side of him whispered

It would be against her will. the rational part of him countered.

Aaliyah's tongue felt wonderful on his cock; he squeezed his eyes shut, letting out a moan. Megan's perfect rear floated in his mind, bent over. She probably shaves her pussy. You love spanking it to bare twats! Let's do it! Let's fuck Megan!

"I wish Megan was in my bedroom, wanting me to fuck her ass!"

"As you wish, my love."

"Hello, Kyle." He opened his eyes to see his old babysitter leaning over his desk. His eyes fell on her tan, perfect legs, following them up to her beautiful ass clad in a tight pair of jeans cut so short her pussy lips bulged around the material. She was older, in her twenties now, but still as beautiful, maybe even more beautiful, as she had been at sixteen when she watched him.

"Is she real?"

"Of course," Aaliyah answered. "I summoned Megan from her bed and clad her in the outfit from your imagination."

"I've been naughty," Megan purred. "I need your hard cock up my ass, Kyle."

"Holy shit!"

"Enjoy," the genie whispered, pulling him to his feet and pushing him towards her. He glanced back to see her stretch out on the bed, her fingers rubbing through her bare pussy. I thought she had pubic hair?

I'm bare for you, my love, her voice cooed in his mind.

I got to watch what I think or she's liable to turn me into a toad.

Much too ugly. A nice songbird to perch in a cage and serenade me. He froze. A joke, husband. I would never hurt you. Relax and enjoy your gift. And don't feel guilty. You're a powerful man, and powerful men take advantage of beautiful women. There's some lube on the desk. It's your choice if you want to hurt her or not.

He glanced back at Megan and her wonderful ass wiggling in those tight jeans. Sitting next to her was a tube of KY jelly. "Umm, you should lube yourself, Miss Reynolds." I didn't want to her hurt.

She smiled at him, face framed by gorgeous brown hair. "Call me Megan, I'm not your babysitter anymore."

Her fingers unsnapped her jean shorts and she ever so slowly wiggled out of them. His breath caught as her firm rear appeared, and then he saw her pussy peaking between sleek thighs. She was shaved, with fat lips glistening with her arousal. She grabbed the lube, squirted it in on her fingers, then worked two into her ass. It was so obscene, her asshole widening, clinging about her fingers as they reamed her bowels.

"Umm, I can't wait to feel your cock in there."

"You like it up the ass?" he blurted out, then flushed; he shouldn't be asking such questions.

"I was a Catholic schoolgirl. How do you think I kept my virginity?" she giggled.

His cock ached to be inside her. She pulled her fingers out, spreading open her cheeks. Her puckered anus glistened with the clear lube. He swallowed. I'm going to fuck my hot babysitter's ass. Holy shit! He rubbed the tip of his cock on her anus then pressed slowly forward. The tight ring held for a moment, then he buried into her.

"Oh, yes!" she gasped. "Umm, you got a pretty nice rod."

"Your ass feels pretty nice, too."

His cock buried deeper into her as she purred and shot him sexy glances over her shoulder. His nervousness fled when he buried his cock all the way inside her. Her hips moved, muscles in her ass massaging his cock, and he started pumping away. It was better than his fantasies. Tight, warm velvet. He humped and groaned, gripping her hips and nailing her as hard as he could. Her asscheeks, firm and taut, rippled as his groin slammed into her.

"Fuck me harder, stud!" she moaned, throwing him a smokey glance over her shoulder. "Why didn't we do this years ago?"

He had to kiss her. He cupped her chin and leaned over and captured her hot lips. Her tongue was wild, aggressive. She explored his entire mouth, moaning into him as his desk jiggled and rocked with the force of their fucking. His balls were boiling over rapidly. It wouldn't be long. He was fucking one of his fantasy women, there was no way he was going to last long. He reached around her, squeezing her soft breasts through her tank top. Then he shoved his hands under the top and felt her naked tits. Her nipples were fat and he pinched them hard; her ass bore down on his cock.

She howled into his lips. Her ass clenched his cock as she bucked beneath him. I made her cum! I made my babysitter cum by fucking her in the ass! His balls went into overdrive and he basted her bowels. He groaned, burying in her. The pleasure released out of his balls, surging through his entire body for a few, glorious seconds.

And then he relaxed, leaning against her back and kissing her neck. Megan smiled over her shoulder at him like a satisfied cat, then gave him another kiss. She had a floral smell he hadn't noticed before; he had been too intent on fucking her ass to pay attention. He pulled out of her, and saw his genie lying on her back, her body spasming as her fingers busied between her thighs. Her round breasts heaved as she climaxed, her lush lips squeezed shut to mask the sounds of her pleasure.

He sat down on the bed, wondering what to do now, as Megan pulled up her shorts. "Thanks for the fuck. You were pretty good, kid."

"Yeah. So, what now, Aaliyah?"

"Well, do you want to keep her?" the genie asked, snuggling next to him. Her spicy aroma filled his nostril. "You can make her your wife or one of your concubines."

"Uh ... no." Fucking her was one thing, but forcing her to marry me or be my concubine just seemed too wrong. His cock didn't seem to offer any objections, but he wasn't hard anymore, so maybe that's why he could think straight again. "So, do you send her home? Will she remember what just happened?"

"Do you want her to remember?"

He thought about that for a long moment. "Let her think it was a pleasant dream," he finally answered and Megan vanished. He glanced at the clock, and saw what time it was. "I got school in the morning, so I need to get some sleep."

"Of course," she smiled. "I'm feeling tired myself." She scooted over.

The guilt returned. He cheated on his girlfriend with his wife. And his former babysitter.

"Um, the bed's really not big enough for two people to sleep in." He wasn't sure where she would go. Maybe back into the lamp. That's how it works, right? She lives in it.

Why would I live in it? she wondered in his mind.

"Stories," he said out loud, still not comfortable with this telepathy.

She laughed. "I think your stories might have a few things wrong. I don't live in it. The lamp was merely a vessel and a focus for our union. By freeing me, I'm yours. The lamp is just a lamp now."

"Oh, then what about ... shit!" He cursed in surprise as his bed became a king size, and somehow his room grew large enough to accommodate it. "Did you just make my room grow?"

"Yes and no," she answered. "It's larger inside, but the same size outside."

He blinked. "What?"

"There are spaces between matter," she answered. "Djinn exists in those spaces. So it's really not that hard to create an opening into that space and move everything in your room into it."

"I see," he muttered. He rolled out of bed and headed to the bathroom. He had to pee, but he also really wanted to make sure he could still return to normal space.

As he relieved himself, he muttered, "Doesn't sound hard at all. She's just violating the laws of the universe like she's putting on her shoes."

He had no problem re-entering his now divorced-from-normal-space bedroom and slipped into his now king-sized bed. She snuggled against him, kissing him on the cheeks and murmuring her undying love. His cock hardened at the feel of her naked body. Her eyes snapped open, and her hand stroked his cock. Her lips were cool against his neck, and her hair felt like silk as it draped across his chest.

I'm not going to get any sleep tonight, he sighed. Her hand felt wonderful, and a smile crossed his lips. I'm not going to get any sleep tonight!

Christy shivered as she entered the unassuming house on 141st street. She quickly stripped off her clothes in the entry way, setting them next to the piles of other women's clothing. It was blessedly warm in the house, and she was grateful for that as she walked down the basement stairs, her amber amulet swinging between her breasts.

She was so horny and frustrated. Tonight she had intended to sneak Kyle into her bedroom and make love to him for the first time—her birthday present to him. Why did the coven have to have an emergency meeting now?

She stumped down the basement stairs.

Why did I ever listen to Ms. Franklin in the first place and join them? Ms. Franklin, who had been her biology teacher at her High School at the time, had made it sound so fun and exciting. "Put to practice all those little rituals you're reading about," Ms. Franklin had said when she caught Christy reading Alice Bailey's 'A Treatise on White Magic'. Little did Christy know she was swearing her obedience to a dominating lesbian.

At the bottom of the stairs, she could see candlelight flickering beneath a door. She opened it up, spicy incense assaulting her nose. It was thick and cloying, and she almost coughed as her lungs adjusted to the pungent air. Five teenage girls and one woman sat naked around a seven-pointed star inscribed on the floor in white chalk, each point anchored by one of the women, save for the empty spot reserved for her. Ms. Franklin's dark eyes fixed lustily on her, and Christy shivered, her pussy growing wetter.

I'm going to have to eat her pussy out again, she bitterly thought. She hated doing it, and hated her teacher for forcing her. But she had no choice, she had made her pledge to Hecate, swearing to serve Ms. Franklin without question in all things; obedience for power ... She was desperate to find a way out, and constantly wracked with guilt for betraying her boyfriend.

But what choice do I have? If I break my oaths... She shuddered, not wanting to think of the consequences.

"Summoned, so have I appeared," she intoned. "I fulfill my oaths of fealty to the Coven and present myself naked so you can see the proof of my womanhood."

"Welcome, Amber," Ms. Franklin purred. She was supposed to call them all by their 'coven' names, depicted by the color stone about their necks that matched their auras.

She took her place between Opal and Tourmaline.

"The circle is complete," Christy intoned.

"The circle is complete," the others echoed.

Silver energy sparked across the circle, and the hairs on Christy's arms stood up. Energy hummed in the room, and she could feel it questing for something. What are we searching for? Christy wondered, trying to sense the power flowing through the circle.

"A new power stirred in Puyallup yesterday," Ms. Franklin, or Celestite as she insisted the coven call her, stated. "We need to find it fast."

"What is it?" Jade—a senior with straight, black hair—asked.

"A Ja..."

Ms. Franklin's words were cut off as the circle flared silver and yellow dust swirled in the center for a moment. Ms. Franklin gasped, her round breasts thrust forward and her nipples hardened. Christy felt the energy flow into her, igniting the passions in her loins. A gasp exploded from her lips as a small orgasm rolled through her, adding her voice to the symphony of moans and sighs of her sisters.

"A Jann has awakened," gasped Ms. Franklin. "A powerful daughter. The blood of royalty flows through her!"

Christy's own, small breasts heaved as the energy withdrew, leaving her blood burning with desire and a desperate need to cum. Opal grabbed Christy, and pushed her down to the floor. Opal appeared as suddenly horny as Christy was. Opal kissed her, the teen's mouth hot on Christy's as her curly, brown hair fell around their faces. Christy opened her thighs, and Opal's pussy rubbed against her own, scratching the itch as passion poured through her.

"We must find this Jann," declared Ms. Franklin as her coven fell into passionate embraces. "We must capture her and siphon her powers. The things we can accomplish with it!"

"Yes!" Christy gasped, an orgasm already rippling through her as she ground her cunt into Opal's. She didn't care what her coven mistress wanted her to do, she just wanted to cum again. "We'll find her!"
Chapter 2 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 1 |   Bottom
Chapter 2: The Slave of Desire
Posted: August 16, 2014 - 09:41:07 am

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Thursday, January 16th

The loud, annoying, repetitive beep of Kyle's alarm woke him. He rolled over, slapping at the clock. Only his hand fell short, landing upon a warm, soft lump that gasped. A person ... Kyle's thoughts tried to ponder that—

He bolted upright. There was a girl in his bed.

Aaliyah, his wife, smiled at him as she rubbed sleep from her dusky face. His heart sped up as the blanket slipped down to reveal her round, firm tits topped with hard, dark nipples. He tried to remember that he had a girlfriend. A beautiful girlfriend. But the sight of those breasts—

"How would you like to be satisfied, Kyle?" she purred, stretching. "My mouth, my pussy, or maybe someone else. Your sister perhaps, or your mother? Maybe your girlfriend Christy? Your old babysitter Megan? Name the woman, and she'll be eager to please you, my love."

Her fingers grasped his hard wood, polishing it with skilled hands. He fought off his baser urges. Fucking his mother and sister was wrong, it was incest, and he wanted his first time with Christy to be special, and not because his genie-wife made it happen. Other women popped into his head: Ms. Franklin, his biology teacher from last year with her fiery-red hair and low-cut blouses; or Toni from his math class, a gorgeous cheerleader with a petite body and dark-red hair; and the very lovely Carla Taylor from his gym class that always looked amazing in her tight sweatpants. There were dozens of girls at his school he had jerked off to before; he could have them all.

No. It's wrong. They should have a choice. Not forced to please him because of a wish. Right? Aaliyah's hand stroked harder, rubbing his cock's head, and it became harder and harder to remember that as the blood roared in his veins.

Megan seemed to enjoy herself last night, his lust whispered. What was the harm? He almost relented, imagining Ms. Capelo, his busty English teacher, wrapping her luscious tits around his cock.

"I want you," he moaned, pushing down his dark desires. "On top!"

He always wanted a woman to ride him, but he always hoped it would be Christy mounting him. Aaliyah beamed, gracefully moving into position. Her full breasts heaved as she straddled him, her hands guiding his wood to her shaved pussy. She felt amazing, like wet, warm silk as she rubbed his tip against her nether lips, then she found the entrance to her sheath and sank down on him, engulfing him in nirvana—slick, tight nirvana.

"Oh, my love!" she sighed. "Thank you for choosing me!"

"You're welcome." What else could he say? "Ride me!"

"Yes, yes!" she gasped.

Her breasts were beautiful as they rose and fell and jiggled and swayed. The mattress squeaked and Aaliyah squealed. He reached up, squeezing those lush orbs, perky and pliant and soft. Her nipples were hard; she gasped when he pinched them, her cunt constricting on his cock.

"Your cock is stirring me up!" she purred.

There was a sudden knock at his door. "Hurry up and finish, dear! You have to get ready for school!"

It was surreal that his mom accepted Aaliyah and their relationship thanks to his wish. "Yes, mother," Aaliyah answered, and picked up her rhythm. She looked down, her dark eyes full of lust. "Cum in me, my love! Let my pussy bring you to satisfaction!"

Kyle's balls were boiling; her pussy wet, warm, wonderful silk. His body tensed and his passion erupted into her. She shuddered, gasping, her pussy massaging the cum out of his balls. Then she slumped over him and he couldn't help kissing her.

She really is wonderful.

"I love you, Kyle," she murmured.

"I ... I love you, too." The guilt returned. He loved Christy, right? He missed her, and he badly wanted to see his girlfriend, and yet a part of him wanted to stay with Aaliyah. His thoughts were too confused, and Aaliyah's lithe body atop him only fueled his turmoil.

"I could stay like this all day, my husband," she sighed, nuzzling his neck.

"Yeah," he answered. "But I got to take a shower and all."

"Of course," she beamed, then stood up and held out her hand. "Shall we."

"Shall we what?" he asked in confusion.

"Shower. Since you have no concubines, I'll attend you."

He took her soft hand and she helped him up. He grabbed a robe, and she genied one for herself out of thin air, and they walked to the small bathroom. It was an old house, and there was only one bathroom, a small, cramped affair with a shower-tub combo, a toilet, and a porcelain sink on a stand underneath a medicine cabinet.

"How delightful," Aaliyah purred when she stepped into the spray, her dusky body shiny with moisture. "There are some remarkable things in your land."

His cock hardened, and he grunted and joined her in the shower. She looked around in confusion, so he grabbed his bottle of Axe body wash and she caught on quick. Her hands were soft and gentle as she soaped his body, starting at his chest, and working her way down his stomach.

"So strong," she purred, tracing his muscles.

"Thanks." He reached out, rubbing soapy hands on her stomach. "You're very beautiful."

Her face darkened with her blush, and then her hands began to wash his cock, and his hands began to wash her breasts. They both were smiling as they fondled each other, his cock erect, and the thought of Aaliyah on her knees in the shower blowing him popped into his mind.

As you wish, my husband!

She dropped to her knees, sucking his cock into her mouth, her dark hair matted to her beautiful face by the water spray. He groaned, closing his eyes and enjoying her wonderful mouth on his cock. He could grow to like this morning routine.

Someone banged on the bathroom door. "C'mon, Kyle!" Fatima shouted. "Other people live in this house!"

"In a minute!" he shouted. "Suck harder, Aaliyah."

She did; his eyes rolled back in his head and he groaned. His hips jerked, and he started slowly fucking her mouth. He stroked her wet hair, savoring her tongue swirling round his cock, brushing his sensitive tip as the suction of her mouth seemed to go straight to his balls, drawing his cum out.

"Gonna cum!" he groaned.

He unleashed a tide of white into her lips and she drank it all down.

"Thanks!" he sighed, a smile growing on his face as the euphoria slowly—

"Get out now! I have to pee!" shouted Fatima.

"Maybe we should finish up," Kyle laughed.

"Maybe," Aaliyah nodded, and suddenly the shower was off and they were clean and dry. Kyle laughed, and pulled on his bathrobe, and opened the bathroom door to find his little sister glowering at him wrapped in a pink robe that was half-open, teasing Kyle with a view of her developing breasts. They sure seemed lovely. Ever since his little sister had sprouted tits, she'd been teasing him with them.

"It's bad enough you kept me up all night with your fucking, but now you hog all the hot water!" she snapped.

"Sorry," he said, then glanced at Aaliyah.

She smiled and nodded. "You'll have all the hot water you need, sister."

Fatima shook her head and pushed past Kyle and Aaliyah.

"She's horny," Aaliyah purred. "If you were to go in there, she would welcome your affections. I can feel her desire. She's using the shower head to pleasure herself."

Kyle pictured his fourteen-year-old sister, budding breasts heaving, as she rubbed the shower head between her thighs. He pushed down his desire. "No, I got to get to school."

"Of course," she answered. "And I'll attend to the house and learn more about your strange kingdom."

"Country," he corrected.

"How curious," she mused, then gave him a kiss on the lips that set his heart beating and his cock swelling. She pressed her groin against his crotch. "Do you need relief?"

He adjusted his pants. "No. I gotta go." He fled the house, grabbing a bagel on the way out.

His thoughts were so full of Aayliah and Christy, guilt warring with lust, that he missed a turn and was half-way to school before he remembered that he was supposed to give his friend a ride to school. When he pulled up at his best friend's house, he was ten minutes late and Britney glared at him through her thick glasses. They had been best friends ever since the fifth grade when they had been paired together for a science fair project.

"You are late," she declared as she slammed the passenger door. "We are going to be late! I cannot be late, Kyle!"

Kyle shrugged. "It won't wreck your chance to be valedictorian, Britney."

She adjusted the thick rims of her glasses that seemed to cover most of her freckled face. She was dressed in her usual, frumpy clothes—baggy sweatshirt, loose pants, and a heavy, blue jacket—her thick, brown hair barely combed, making her head resemble a bird's nest. "If we are late, I will not help you with your Math homework."

"You wouldn't!" Kyle gasped with mock outrage.

Her gaze was level. "You will never get into a good college if you do not keep your grades up."

"My grades are fine, Britney."

"And what about scholarships? Your mother cannot afford to pay for your college."

"The military's going to pay," he dismissed.

She peered at him and he shifted nervously. She had a direct, piercing gaze, very clinical. He felt like a bug being examined beneath a microscope—a paramecium. "There is something different about you."

"Why would you say that?" he tried to sound causal. He failed.

"Did your date with Christy go bad?" She cocked her head.

"Yeah, her parents called and..."

"What is that scent about you?" She inhaled. "Jasmine and ... sandalwood?"

"Well..."

Then she punched his arm, catching him by surprise. He winced.

"Who is she?"

"Um..."

"You have had coitus recently, and not with Christy."

"I..."

"Men are such pigs! I thought you loved her. She will be crushed!"

Kyle was surprised by Britney's vehemence. She never had been happy that he was dating Christy, though he never pried the why out of his friend. This reaction caught him completely off guard. "It's not like that. She's..." My wife, he wanted to say. A thousand-year-old genie whom I inadvertently married when I used her lamp to burn incense. Dammit, if I can't tell my best friend, then whom do I talk to about it? "She's my wife."

Her hand froze; her big eyes blinked behind her thick glasses. "What?"

"You know my mom's Kurdish. It's one of those, uh, arranged marriages."

"So you engaged in coitus with her?"

"Do you have to call it that?" he asked. It made him feel so dirty when she used that word.

"Coitus? It is the proper term."

"Fine, I had coitus with her. A few times. She's..." Hot, beautiful, gorgeous, sexy, irresistible. "She's hard to resist."

"Pig," she sighed.

"I don't know what to do," he whined. "I love Christy and..." And what, do I love Aaliyah? He found a strange longing in his heart, and he wished both Aaliyah and Christy were here. A picture of the three of them together in bed flashed through his mind, Aaliyah's dusky hand and Christy's pale hand stroking his cock as they leaned into—he stopped imagining that, his cock growing uncomfortably large in his jeans. "I don't know what to think. It was all sprung on me last night. My mom's cool with it..."

"Break up with Christy then. She deserves that. Do not string her along, Kyle."

Kyle frowned, making the turn into Rogers High School's parking lot. He parked his car, and saw Christy leaning against the school's brick wall, waving at him. She's probably been texting me the entire time we were driving. She's so pretty. His heart sped up, and he couldn't help smiling and waving back. "I can't. I love her."

"Then annul your marriage with this other girl."

The thought brought a momentary spike of fear. Did that sexy genie worm her way into my heart that quick? Or is this just lust? She's the first girl to jump my bones, and she's willing to do it again and again. I don't want to give that up, not when being inside her was so wonderful. Fuck, why did everything have to be so damn confusing?

"Don't tell Christy, okay?"

"I will not," Britney answered, though she didn't sound pleased. "You should."

"I will. I just need to think."

"She is bad for you, Kyle."

"What? Aaliyah?"

"No, Christy." Britney stared straight at him, her eyes—magnified by her thick glasses—fixed on him like a fierce tiger, and he swallowed. Normally his friend was as calm as a placid lake, but sometimes she could grow so intense, like a lake frothed by a raging storm. "She is a liar. She will break your heart."

Kyle wanted to press her for more information, but Christy was walking up to his car, and this wasn't the sort of conversation Kyle wanted her to overhear. Why does she think Christy's a liar? Christy and Britney had never gotten along, and Kyle never had understood why neither girl liked each other. He sighed and opened his car door.

Christy was waiting, her pouty lips smiling, and enthusiastically hugged him. He felt momentarily guilty until her lips touched his, then he savored her love and the feel of her body pressed against his. Could I have both of them? Aaliyah seems more than okay with it, but what about Christy? Who am I kidding, Christy would never be in for that. No American woman would share her boyfriend.

"You're late," Christy declared. "Let's go before Mrs. Skinner gets mad at us."

"You look pretty today," Kyle smiled as he took her hand, and together they headed to their first period math class, the only class they shared this semester. Kyle struggled at math, but Christy was great at it. All the women in my life seem better at math than me.

"I am sorry about last night," she said, giving his hand a squeeze. "I meant it. I was willing to go all the way."

"And this Friday?"

She took a deep breath, crimson playing on her cheeks. "I'm still ready." His cock was lead in his pants, and he adjusted himself, bringing a naughty giggle to her lips "I know. You should feel my panties. I wish I brought a fresh pair."

"I would love to..." his voice trailed off as a teacher came around the corner.

"Tomorrow night," she promised, a twinkle in her hazel eyes.

Aaliyah sat at Kyle's computer, fascinated at all the new things she was discovering. Thanks to her powers, she had developed an innate understanding of how to use the technology. So much had changed in the thousand years she had slept. The world she knew was gone and buried, and this new and exciting world had taken its place. Full of magic called technology that almost rivaled some of the feats she could perform. Almost.

Is father all right? she wondered as she read about the history of the Middle East. Nothing there had really changed; it was still wracked by war. He must think I'm lost for eternity. Well, Kyle is perfect. He can save the realms, once I help him shed some of his peculiar ideas. Never would Aaliyah have thought a man could pass up the opportunities of delight she offered.

Around the house, her little homunculi, fashioned from dust, were cleaning the house for her. Her mother-in-law was overworked having to support her two children on her own, so Aaliyah was more than happy to relieve her of that burden. It was very shameful that her father and brothers were not supporting her in her widowhood.

The door opened downstairs.

Curious, Aaliyah left the pocket space that Kyle's room occupied. I'm going to have to expand this. I need my own bedroom, and there needs to be space for his other wives and concubines. As she started going downstairs she came face to face with her sister-in-law. The younger girl froze on the stairs, her round face paled and almond-shaped eyes widened in alarm.

"Oh, shit!" she gasped. "I didn't think you'd ... Shit!"

"Do not be alarmed, sister," Aaliyah smiled, and sensed her thoughts. Fear, alarm, and surprise mixed together. She's afraid I'll tell her mother. She's supposed to be at school. "I will not tell your mother."

Fatima's relieved breath came out in an audible whoosh. "Well, um, good. So I need to, uh ... Yeah."

She was flustered, gathering her thoughts. Aaliyah reached out and placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Let's have a ta—"

"What the hell is that!" Fatima shrieked, pointing at one of her homunculi. It was squat, maybe a foot tall—what a curious measurement—and made of gray-brown dust, vaguely shaped like a human.

"A servant," Aaliyah answered. "Cleaning the house."

"But ... how..." Fatima's mouth worked soundlessly.

"I am a Djinn. Of the Jann tribe."

"A Djinn? A genie?"

Aaliyah sighed inwardly. Could no one in this land pronounce her people's name properly? "Yes. Your brother freed me from my slumber and now I am his wife."

The Djinn felt a stab of jealously followed by shame from the younger girl. How very curious, Aaliyah thought as she picked apart the girl's thoughts. "Come on, let's have a nice cup of tea and talk."

Aaliyah took her hand, warm, soft; heat flushed in her nethers. Fatima was pretty, a budding flower promising to become a great beauty. While Kyle was the first man the Djinn had lain with, he wasn't the first person. She had learned the delights that could be found with another woman in her father's harem. It was the only proper way for a woman to relieve her desires if her husband or master's affections cannot be obtained. Fatima had Kyle's beautiful eyes and exotic cast, and her body did so ache for her husband's touch.

Fatima's room was a little smaller than Kyle's and cluttered. Clothes were strewn everywhere—Fatima blushed and began snatching dirty panties off the floor—and paintings of cute boys covered the walls. She had never seen such lifelike paintings before. They looked so real, like the images on the computer and, curiously, words were printed on them with strange names: Justin Bieber, One Direction, Big Time Rush.

A minute later several homunculi tottered in carrying a steaming teapot, a spicy scent filling the air. Aaliyah took several pillows off her bed and sat on the floor. Fatima sat across from her and the Djinn had a lovely view up the young girl's skirt to her panties tight across her girlish treasure.

"How can you wear that?" Fatima asked. "I can see everything. It's so indecent."

Aaliyah looked down at her yellow silks. "This is a harem dress," she answered. "For your brother's pleasure. I would not wear this where another man could see me. But you show all that leg to complete strangers. Where I come from, that would be most indecent."

"This skirt goes down to my knees," gasped the girl. "I have skirts that are far shorter."

The homunculi finished pouring. The tea was warm and spicy and Aaliyah savored it. "What is your brother like?"

The girl snorted and then choked on her tea. "You're the one fucking him."

"Well, yes, but we just met." Aaliyah took another sip. Delicious. "He seems like a kind man, and loves his girlfriend very much." Girlfriend. What a strange word.

"I thought he did, and then he married you."

Jealousy radiated from the girl. She loves her brother. Perhaps she would make an excellent wife. "Your brother shall have more than one wife. This Christy seems like a likely candidate, and I eagerly await meeting her. I hope we can be the fastest of friends, sharing in our love for your brother."

Fatima stared in stunned amazement at the Djinn. "That's crazy. You can only have one wife."

"Why?"

"I ... I don't know," Fatima spluttered. "You just can't."

"What were you thinking about in the shower?" Aaliyah asked, probing her sister-in-law's feelings. Kyle seemed unwilling to expand his harem, and a great man needed one to prove the power he possessed.

The girl blinked in shock. pleasure horny Kyle's chest his muscles Kyle's cock inside me fucking me oh yes oh yes. Her thoughts were scrambled: flashes of Kyle; fantasies of being taken by her brother in the shower, in her bedroom; forced to be his lover and please him. Aaliyah smiled.

"I was just showering." Her protest was half-hearted, her face darkening in embarrassment.

Aaliyah peered into her eyes, reaching out to touch her knees. "I think you were doing more than that."

Fatima's looked down at her tea. "Okay, fine. I was masturbating. Thinking about boys."

"About Kyle?"

"Of course not!" Her protest sounded sincere. "He's my brother."

"It's okay," the Djinn told her, stroking her thigh. "He is so handsome, how could you not think about him that way?"

"He's my brother! It's wrong!"

"Love is never wrong," Aaliyah answered, patting her knee.

Aaliyah's touch seemed to break something inside the girl, and Fatima's face became crestfallen, tears brimming in her eyes. "I just ... I can't help myself. I'm such a pervert!"

Aaliyah reached out and gently wiped at her tear, then cupped her face, leaning in. "There's nothing wrong with it. How long have you desired him?"

"A few years." Fatima bit her lip. "We have relatives who are Zoroastrians; it's still an active religion among some of the Kurds, and I was curious about it. I read that the Zoroastrian kings of Persia would marry their sisters. To keep their bloodline pure and..."

Aaliyah nodded in understanding. "It's only natural. If you could, would you?"

"Marry Kyle? I..."

Aaliyah leaned in closer, their lips inches apart, staring into the girl's dark, almond-shaped eyes. She's as beautiful as her brother is handsome. Her nethers ached, and she wished Kyle was home to provide her with some satisfaction. Lust billowed inside the Djinn, her thoughts full of her husband, increasing her ardor. "Would you if there were no consequences?"

"Yes."

Aaliyah kissed her. Fatima froze in surprise, then pulled away. "What're you doing?"

"I can feel your lust," she answered. "It would be wrong of us to seek out another man who wasn't our husband, so we should turn to each other."

"You mean ... me and you..."

Aaliyah nodded.

"But I'm not a lesbian."

"Neither am I," the Djinn nodded. "There is nothing wrong with women of the harem seeking comfort from each other."

"Harem?"

"You wish to be his wife?"

Fatima's cheeks darkened and she nodded.

"Close enough," Aaliyah purred, leaning in, and kissed her sister-in-law again. This time Fatima didn't pull away.

Fatima's kiss was sweet, her lips moist, a curious flavor, sweet and tart, covered the girl's lips. Her head tilted, almond eyes squeezed shut, and she sighed into the Djinn. Aaliyah hands reached out, caressing her side through the curious fabric of her ... T-shirt. It wasn't linen or silk or satin, and the weave was so fine. Such marvels this age held.

Fatima's timid hands touched Aaliyah's side beneath her vest, and Aaliyah squirmed and kissed Kyle's sister harder. She's my sister, and soon she'll be my sister-wife! She slipped her hands beneath the T-shirt; Fatima trembled. The Djinn's gentle hands found a curious garment binding her budding breasts.

Aaliyah broke the kiss and pulled Fatima's shirt over her head. The curious garment was white with pink dots over it, standing out against her dark skin, and cupped her breasts with straps running over her shoulders and beneath her arms. "What is this?" she asked, caressing Fatima's hard nipple through the fabric.

"My bra?" She rolled her eyes. "Don't you know what a bra is? It supports my breasts and makes me look cute."

"You do look cute," Aaliyah grinned. "How does it come off?"

"There's a clasp in the back."

Aaliyah reached around the girl, fumbling at the fastener. The bra came loose, and her olive breasts topped with dark nipples appeared. Her mouth salivated, and she leaned forward and sucked Fatima's little morsels into her lips.

"Oh, wow!" gasped the girl. "That's wild!"

The Djinn enjoyed the soft sighs and moans as her tongue swirled about the hard nub. She kissed across to her other breast and nipped the nipple. Fatima squealed in delight, her hands reaching out to push up Aaliyah's top. The Djinn dismissed her clothes and moaned as delicate fingers massaged her breasts. Fatima was gentler than Kyle; her fingers curious as she explored Aaliyah's breasts, teasing Aaliyah's hard nipples. Juices dripped from the Djinn's pussy, spurred on by Fatima's touch.

"Oh, Aaliyah!" Fatima gasped as the Djinn slithered her hand between the girl's thighs.

Aaliyah could feel her warmth through her panties. Another curious piece of clothing. Fatima lifted her ass, letting the Djinn slide a pair of panties, made with the same the pattern as her bra, off the girl's dusky thighs. Aaliyah stopped sucking at her breast and stared at Fatima's exposed pussy beneath her bunched up skirt. Her labia were virginally tight, adorned with a fine down of dark hair, and weeping her passion.

"I've been sprouting for a year and I still can't grow a proper bush," Fatima sighed as Aaliyah caressed her vulva.

"But your pussy is so cute," Aaliyah objected. "So fresh and virginal. Kyle will love the sight. You look so tasty."

"Holy shit!" gasped Fatima as Aaliyah suddenly buried her face in the girl's pussy and licked, savoring her tart flavor. "Ohmyfuckinggod, that's amazing!"

Aaliyah smiled inwardly, feeling the chaotic passion of Fatima's thoughts as her tongue devoured her: ohmygod her tongue so good she's licking me ohmygod am I a lesbian I don't care feels so amazing I love it I love her I can't wait to be with Kyle if it feels half so good ohmygod she touched my clit I love her tongue oh fuck oh wow this is so much better than the shower head oh fuck I'm gonna cum oh yes.

"Keep doing that, please!" the girl panted. "I'm gonna cum!"

Aaliyah enjoyed the feel of her sister-in-law's cunt on her lips, digging her tongue in and reveling in her tart taste. Every time she breathed in, she smelled the wonderful scent of Fatima's passion. Her fingers found the girl's clitoris. With care, she massaged it, circling the little nub and bringing a squeal from the girl's lips. Aaliyah kept rubbing, staring into Fatima's dark, almond-shaped eyes as she writhed with passion.

Then Fatima bucked and juices exploded out of her pussy. "Holy shit!" the girl shouted as she came. Then she collapsed and panted, staring up at the ceiling; a large grin plastered on her face. "That was fucking fantastic, Aaliyah!"

"Do you want to lick me?" Aaliyah asked the panting girl as she lay on the carpet, her budding breasts beading with sweat.

"Hell, yeah!"

Aaliyah turned around, straddling the girl's face, and dived back into Fatima's pussy—it was the Djinn's favorite position to use with a woman. She moaned her pleasure as the girl's tongue ran stiff through her groove, licking at her clit. Aaliyah licked and sucked Fatima's tasty pussy, spreading the girl open; she was bright pink and wet inside, her hymen still intact.

Good. Kyle deserves unplucked fruit.

The two girls feasted on each other, filling the room with the sweet incense of their lust and love. Fatima's tongue and lips grew more bold, sucking, nipping, driving the Djinn to a low, purring orgasm, and quickly building her to a second one. Aaliyah gasped when the young girl wiggled a finger into her canal, pumping it rapidly in and out. Aaliyah stroked her pussy, gently exploring her folds with her digit, careful not to burst her hymen. She sucked the girl's hard clit into her lips, nibbling, sucking, trying to drive the girl to an earth-shattering orgasm.

Fatima's finger withdrew from her pussy and she moaned her disappointment. She had been so close to cumming. Then she gasped. What a naughty houri she is! Fatima had shoved her lubed finger into the Djinn's tight asshole. The new intrusion sent Aaliyah over the edge, and her orgasm erupted inside her. She gasped, her insides clenching, and she sucked hard on the girl's clit as she was tossed into a sandstorm of passion.

Aaliyah howled her passion into Fatima's cunt; the vibrations of her voice seemed to ignite Fatima's rapture. Juices flooded her lips, tasty and tart and thick, and the Djinn drank them down like she was a dying woman at an oasis.

"That was amazing," purred Fatima as they snuggled together on the floor, the two girls sharing sweet kisses.

Aaliyah caressed her lips, let her fingers trail down to caress her nipple. "Wait until Kyle gets home."

Concern flashed across the girl's face. "How're we going to get Kyle to..."

"Bed you? Easy." Aaliyah explained her plan.

"See you at lunch," Kyle said to Christy as they stood in the hallway outside their just finished math class.

Christy gave him a quick kiss. "Sure. Love you."

Kyle admired her ass as she walked away, and Christy smiled over her shoulder and then seemed to give an extra shake to her rear as she walked. She had a great ass as it writhed beneath her skirt; his cock hardened. She disappeared around the corner, and he sighed, turned, and walked smack into Ms. Franklin.

She fell back, her papers spilling to the floor, her breasts straining at her low-cut blouse as she grabbed Kyle's arm for support, her sharp fingernails digging into his flesh through his long-sleaved shirt. Heat flushed through him as his face was almost planted in her cleavage and his cock sprang to attention. She had been his Biology teacher last year, and Kyle had had trouble paying attention, distracted by her gorgeous cleavage. She was a young teacher, only on her second year, and one of hottest teachers in school, tying with Ms. Capello for that honor.

Aaliyah could make it so I could fuck her, his aching cock seemed to whisper.

"I'm so sorry," he said, bending down to grab her papers; he ignored his dick.

"It's my fault," she smiled, bending down, keeping her knees pressed together so Kyle couldn't see up her skirt. What sort of panties does she wear? One wish and I could find out. "I was reading and walking."

"Well, here you go, Ms. Franklin." His eyes drifted down to her cleavage. She had a necklace—a gold chain adorned with a large, clear crystal that reminded Kyle of Christy's amber pendant—nestled between her generous breasts.

"Thank you, Kyle. You have a pleasant day." His eyes watched her ass sway beneath her tight skirt. Damn, she has a fine ass.

Pushing down his darker thoughts he walked down the hallway. The tide of students was thinning as they piled into their classrooms. He had gym class next; the weather was nice for a change, and that meant running around the track. And watching the girls' tits bounce beneath their sweaters and their butts sway beneath their sweats.

He picked up the pace.

"Kyle, thank God!" a girl shouted.

He turned to see Chyna, one of the bustiest girls at school, running up to him. Her boobs bounced and swayed beneath her tight, cashmere sweater. She was gorgeous, tall, and dusky skinned; her dark brown hair gathered in pigtails. And those tits—he couldn't take his eyes off of them. They were stupendous.

"I need your help," she breathed, her breasts heaving.

"What?" It was getting hard to think as all the blood rushed to his other brain.

"Come with me." She grabbed his hand, pulling him towards the boy's restroom.

"What's going on?" he asked as she pulled him into the bathroom. Maybe someone's hurt and... His thoughts died as she kissed him.

"I need to be fucked so bad," she panted, pulling him into a stall, and then she was on him again, a hungry cat pouncing on her prey.

What the hell! he thought as she kissed him. I barely know her, why is she doing this? This is wrong! I need to stop this! Bad enough that I've cheated on Christy with Aaliyah last night, but this...

Chyna's fingers had his pants unfastened, reaching in and stroking him through his underwear. It was getting harder to listen to the voice of his reason. He groaned, her warm hands pushing his boxers down and stroking his girth.

"Fuck me!" she gasped, letting go of his cock. She hiked up her skirt, revealing a pair of sleek, red panties, the crotch soaked. She pulled the gusset to the side, revealing a thick, brown bush. "I need it so bad! Please, Kyle!"

He buried his cock in her. She felt wonderfully warm. Her arms hugged him tight, her lips kissing him, moaning her relief. He pumped in her. Tight, hot, velvet. The metal stall creaked as he pounded her.

"Fuck me, fuck me!" she gasped. "Oh, Kyle! I love it!"

His balls were already threatening to cum. This is so wrong! Why am I doing this? That thrill spurred him on, hammering her juicy twat. She bucked beneath him, gasping and shuddering. She's so loud, we're going to get caught! Cumming loudly, her cunt convulsing about his cock. She kissed him again, her tongue thrust into his mouth, hot and lithe. He didn't care about Aaliyah or Christy; all that mattered was fucking this slutty girl's cunt.

"Cum in me!" she purred. "I need it!"

"What's gotten into you?" Kyle demanded; his cock never stopped thrusting.

"You're just so hot!" she cooed into his ear. "You make me so wet! I want to feel your cum inside me!" Her tongue licked his ear. "I'm not on the pill."

He came! His sperm flooded her unprotected cunt. She gasped again. A low, throaty moan escaped her lips as she orgasmed a second time, her pussy milking him, eager to drain every last drop of her sperm into her fertile hole. They stood there a moment, breathing heavily, a smile on her lips, confusion in Kyle's mind.

What the hell just happened? He pulled out of her, quickly buttoning up. She adjusted her panties, their combined passions soaking into the red fabric, and gave him another kiss, then waked out of the bathroom. Aaliyah must be behind this, he decided, as he rushed to Gym class.

Wait, did she say she wasn't on the pill? A new worry added to the turmoil inside him.

Celestite—she never thought of herself as Michelle Franklin—smiled as the flushed Chyna walked by. She could smell the lust pouring off the girl, proof that her spell worked. She hated Kyle. Amber—she never thought of her girls by their real names; Christy would forever be Amber to the teacher—was the only member of her coven that wasn't fully hers. The foolish girl still clung to her schoolgirl love for Kyle.

Once Kyle's affair with Chyna percolated through the student body, Amber would dump him and she'd be there to pick up the pieces and bring the girl fully into the delights only a woman could share. Hopefully, before Kyle plucks her cherry tomorrow night. Celestite wanted that treat for herself.

Kyle left the bathroom a moment later, looking confused and flushed. "Aren't you supposed to be in class?" Celestite asked him.

"Oh, sorry, Ms. Franklin," he answered, his eyes on her cleavage.

Why didn't I think of this earlier? she wondered with a smile.

By the time lunch rolled around, Kyle was convinced that Aaliyah was responsible for his indiscretion with Chyna, and most of his guilt had disappeared, though he still worried what other consequences might have happened. He bought his lunch and sat down at a table. Christy sidled up to him, giving him a kiss, and Britney pulled out her bagged lunch and ate while reading a book across from them. A few of their other friends joined them, and everyone laughed and joked—except Britney, who studied like usual—while they ate.

"You should stop making out with Kyle after Math class," chuckled Corey, one of Kyle's friends, a knowing grin on his freckled face.

"What?" Christy asked.

Kyle tensed. Why did I use that lie?

"You held up Kyle so much he got chewed out by Mr. Benjaminson for being late to gym class."

Christy fixed her hazel eyes on him. "It wasn't because we were making out."

"No. I really had to ... uhh ... use the bathroom," Kyle quickly said, the guilt of his strange encounter with Chyna rearing up.

"Oh, you said..." Corey trailed off, shrugging. "Well, I guess making out with your girlfriend is a better story than having the runs."

"Yeah," Kyle answered.

Christy relaxed, then whispered, "Maybe tomorrow we can make out so you won't have to lie to your friends."

Britney looked up suddenly, sniffing, then fixed her disapproving eyes on him. A sudden panic struck Kyle. Britney knows me too well. He pleaded with his eyes at her, and she gave a shake of her head and went back to her textbook.

He turned back to Christy, relaxing. She had a bit of ketchup on her lips, so he bent over and kissed her. His friends snickered and cat-called; his girlfriend had a bright flush, and a pleased smile, on her face when he broke the kiss. She looked so cute, particularly her dainty nose. He kissed her again, then turned to start joking with Corey and froze.

Chyna was walking towards him.

He swallowed, and forced himself not to look at her; it took all the concentration he possessed; those tits were almost hypnotic as they swayed beneath her sweater. The busty girl walked by and dropped a pair of red panties, sticky with his cum and her juices, in front of him, then kept on walking. Everyone at the table gaped at her.

"What the fuck!" exclaimed Christy. "What a slut!"

Kyle risked a quick glance; Chyna was walking calmly down a hallway towards the bathrooms. His cock was rock. He had to follower her, had to fuck her juicy cunt again. His love for his girlfriend warred with his overwhelming desire for the girl.

"Is that cum on it?" Corey asked, making a face.

Britney fixed her green eyes on Kyle through her thick glasses.

"What a slut," muttered Christy, pushing it off the table with her lunch tray. "I've lost my appetite."

"Yeah, me too," Kyle muttered. "I got to use the restroom. It's ... you know."

"Oh, of course." She kissed him. He felt guilty. "Feel better, Kyle."

"Yeah." He pushed up from the table and headed towards the hallway, following Chyna. He saw her smile, toying with her pigtails, her huge tits straining that delightful cashmere sweater, then she disappeared into the janitor's supply closet next to the bathroom. Kyle was too horny to care if anyone saw him, or what would happen if they were caught.

She was leaning against a large, stainless steel sink, her bubbly ass facing him. She gave it a wiggle, and smiled over her shoulder at him. That ass was amazing. After fucking Megan's ass last night, he was eager for a second taste. Why not hers? She's slutty enough.

"I need your cock, Kyle," she purred.

"I want to fuck your ass."

She bit her lip. "Don't you want to fuck my juicy, fertile cunt?"

He did want to pump his cum inside her fertile, unprotected pussy, but he also wanted to fuck her ass. He had a taste for anal now, and he wanted more. "What if I fucked your butt, then finished in your cunt?"

She beamed. "That sounds great. Stick your cock in my messy pussy so it'll be nice and lubed."

"You ever been fucked in the ass?"

"I've been fucked in every which way," she purred.

Her pussy was sopping wet, and he was dripping with a mix of juices and cum when he pulled out. He lifted her skirt, tucking it into her waist band, exposing her dusky cheeks. They were beautiful and perfect, round and perky. His dick prodded the smooth surface, dimpling her right asscheek and leaving a smear of juices. She reached behind him and spread herself open. A dark, wrinkled hole winked at him.

Sorry, Christy, he thought, pushing down that guilt, and dove into Chyna's ass.

"Oh, yes!" she moaned as he sank in her.

Warm. Velvet. Tight. He was in heaven. Chyna's ass was tighter than her cunt, Aaliyah's virgin pussy, and Megan's ass, and he had to thrust hard to work his cock in and out. He reached around her, pushing up her cashmere sweater and groping her breasts through her bra. They felt spongy in his hands and he pushed her bra cups up.

"Pinch my nipples!" she gasped, pushing her ass back. "Oh, yes, Kyle! I love it! You drive me wild! I'll do anything for your cock!"

"What?" he asked.

"I'm yours!" Chyna gasped.

A voice in his mind screamed that something was wrong, no girl should act this way. Her ass felt too amazing to listen to anything approaching reason. "Yes, you're mine!" he grunted. "All mine!"

She screamed; her ass clenched on his cock; her body convulsed. Her orgasm seemed to go on and on, her velvety ass milking his cock. He fucked her faster and faster, his balls boiling as they slapped into her cunt.

"I'm your whore!" she groaned. "Keep fucking me! Keep making me cum!"

"You're my slut!" Kyle declared, his balls tightening. His cum was nearing, but couldn't jizz in her ass. He needed to flood her fertile cunt with his seed.

He pulled his filthy cock out and shoved it into her cunt. She gasped again, arching her back. She came again, howling wordlessly. The massaging pressure was too much, and he flooded her fertile cunt. She's going to get pregnant! he thought. She'll look so radiant with her round belly, begging to be fucked!

"What's wrong with me?" he whispered as he leaned against Chyna. What did you do to me Aaliyah?

"You feel fine to me," purred Chyna, leaning over her shoulder and kissing his cheek. "You feel more than fine. Have you ever had a titty fuck?"

Christy's waiting for you to get back, you can't do this!

"No."

She smiled. "You'll love it. Your cock all nice and slicked with my juices. It'll be perfect!"

He was still hard, engulfed in her warm cunt. He pulled out, shuddering as his sensitive head rubbed through her flesh. He sat down on a foot ladder. He had to leave before Christy caught him, he had been gone too long as it was, but his cock needed this too much. Chyna pulled her sweater and bra off, kneeling before him, staring up so worshipfully at him. Her tits were wonderful, large, round, with nipples as thick as Kyle's pinky.

"I love your cock!" she purred, sandwiching it between her thick tits.

The door banged open, and Kyle froze. "Christy, I can explain!"
Chapter 3 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 2 |   Bottom
Chapter 3: The Witch of Amber
Posted: August 30, 2014 - 12:43:38 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Thursday, January 16th

The door to the janitor's closet banged open; Kyle froze. His girlfriend stood in the doorway and sudden guilt twisted his stomach.

"Christy, I can explain!"

Can I though? His girlfriend had a shocked look on her pretty face, and her pouty lips creased tight. Kyle sat upon the step ladder, his cock engulfed in Chyna's pillowy tits as his latest load of cum oozed out of the dusky-skinned girl's cunt. Chyna never stopped sliding her tits up and down on his cock, brightly smiling up at his girlfriend like it was the most natural thing in the world.

Christy closed the door, peering at him intently, thumbing her amber pendant. Did the amber just glow? No, it must have been the light glinting off it.

"Hecate, reveal the truth," Christy whispered; more light glinted off her amulet. Recently, his girlfriend had gotten into some New Age stuff, praying to some Greek goddess. It was weird, but he didn't feel like offending her at the best of times, let alone when she just caught some sluts tits wrapped around his cock.

"I'm really sorry, I don't know what happened—"

"It's okay," she sighed, then leaned over and kissed him on the lips. They were warm and wet and left him stunned when she pulled away.

"It is?" he gaped. Is Christy this open minded? Would she be willing to share me with my genie?

She took a deep breath. "It's not your fault. You can't help yourself. I understand."

She's taking this a lot better than I thought she would.

"So you fucked her after Math class?" Christy asked, eyes flicking down to gaze at his cock nestled between Chyna's dusky tits. Color blossomed in her pale cheek.

"Yeah," he answered. "She just came up and told me she needed to be fucked and I..."

She nodded in understanding. "You were just helpless."

"Yeah." Was this more of Aaliyah's work. Did she do something to Christy to make her accepting of all of this?

She reached out and pulled a hair from his head. "There was something in your hair. And yours too, Chyna." She plucked a dark brown strand from the busty girl. Kyle didn't notice anything, but he was distracted by his slave's wonderful breasts wrapped about his dick sliding up and down, sending shudders through him while Chyna smiled up at him.

"Oh, sure," Kyle blinked, confused by the entire situation.

"Well, I have to take care of some things," Christy answered. "I love you."

"Love you, too."

"Have fun," she smiled, then slipped out.

Shaking his head, he shut his eyes and smiled; Chyna never stopped sliding those wonderful tits up and down his cock, and he savored being wrapped by their silky softness. Maybe it was okay what Aaliyah was doing. He'd have to have her fix Chyna, but Christy and Aaliyah together would be amazing.

He closed his eyes, picturing dusky Aaliyah kissing pale Christy, their bodies writhing together, then looking at him with beckoning smiles. They'd take turns licking his cock, their lips kissing around his shaft, meeting, tongues touching. I could love them both...

"Do you like my tits, Master."

"Fuck, yeah," he moaned, staring down at her. Her tits bulged in her hands as she pressed them together, his cock emerging from between them, poking up out of her flesh before she slid her breasts back off.

"Do you want to cum on them?" she purred. "Imagine my tits stained with ropes of your cum, leaking down my curves. My tits are so big, I could probably lick some of the cum off them."

"Shit," he grunted, his balls going into overdrive. He erupted.

Cum shot into the air, falling upon her dusky breasts in lines of white, running down her curves. Another shot fired up, squirting up her chest to her neck, then running down to join the mess on the rest of her tits.

"Ohh, yum," giggled Chyna, holding up her right boob and licking a line of cum that had ran down onto her nipple, sucking her nub into her lips for a moment, then let go of her tit and used her fingers to scoop up the rest of his gobs of cum, popping them into her hungry lips.

"You are such a slut," Kyle sighed and she just giggled again.

"My fertile pussy is still sopping wet," she purred. "And you still seem hard."

Right, the wish I made with Aaliyah. Well, Christy didn't seem to mind. He smiled, "Why don't you come sit on my cock." Besides, he had just wasted a load of his semen on her chest, and all of his seed needed to pump into her fertile cunt.

Christy's pussy was on fire as she briskly walked from the janitor's closet. Why did I find it so hot watching my boyfriend fool around with another girl? She squeezed her thighs together, remembering those wonderful tits wrapped around her boyfriend's hard cock. The damn coven has turned me on to women, and sharing one with Kyle would be ... perfect. Tomorrow night's date couldn't come soon enough for the horny teen.

She gripped the hairs in her hand, striding towards one of the chemistry labs. Mr. Iñiguez, the chemistry teacher, should be at lunch, and she needed a place to figure out what was going on. Someone had cast a spell on her boyfriend and Chyna, and neither could control what was happening to them in there.

It had to be someone in the Coven.

Anger burned in her. They were supposed to be her sisters; that's one of the reasons why she had joined. She hadn't joined to be forced into being Ms. Franklin's little, lesbian sex toy, or to have them fuck with her relationship with Kyle! Power and sisterhood is what she had been promised, power to protect her loved ones—to heal her mother!

The chemistry class was locked, but a quick prayer to Hecate, Goddess of Magic solved that problem, and she slipped in. She gathered her supplies: a beaker full of distilled water to act as the base, a pinch of sulfur, a drop of nitric acid, and a few flakes of rust. She mixed it all together and placed the beaker on a Bunsen burner, bringing it to a boil.

She shoved her hands in her panties for the last ingredient, pinching her clit; a delicious shudder passed through her. She leaned against the counter, digging her fingers deep inside her juicy pussy. She pictured Kyle fucking Chyna doggy style, her big, dusky tips flopping as he banged the slut hard.

"Let me eat you!" the slut would moan. I'd grab her pigtails and pull her mouth deep into my pussy. She'd stick her tongue up my snatch, eating me out while I stared into Kyle's dark, almond-shaped eyes. We'd share the little whore together.

Her fingers pumped faster while her other hand massaged her small breast through her bra and panties.

After we both had cum, then Kyle would stick his big dick in me. He'd fuck me so hard and I would kiss him and stare into his eyes as we shared our love. My breasts would rub against his muscular chest and we'd cum together!

She shuddered, climaxing on her two fingers and moaning loudly, "Oh Kyle! I love you! Fuck me!" Her orgasm trembled through her, and she panted, pulling out her sticky fingers, then let a single drop of her passion fall into the boiling solution.

It flashed amber.

Let's see what we're dealing with here.

She dropped the two hairs into the solution. It turned first pearl-white, Chyna's color, and then went crystal clear. Kyle has a diamond aura? The strongest aura she had ever seen was Ms. Franklin's celestite aura, almost crystal clear. Christy herself only had an amber aura, a middling strength, but she was the third most powerful in the coven after Lorrie's opal aura and Ms. Franklin's celestite.

"Goddess Hecate, reveal to me what curse lies upon these two souls!"

Smoke issued: red and black. She touched the smokes. The red was a lust spell, easily counterspelled, and was driving Chyna and Kyle to be irresistibly drawn to each other. But what is this black spell? She let a finger trail into the black.

She shuddered, ripping her finger back. A slave spell.

Chyna was Kyle's now. Neither would feel complete without Kyle dominating her. She stuck her finger back into the oily smoke and let her senses probe further. How to break it? She'd never come across this sort of spell before. It was evil. Maybe this wasn't the work of the coven? The spell was tied to the embryo growing inside Chyna's womb, fertilized by Kyle's sperm.

The lust spell drove them to fuck, she mused. And the slave spell triggered when her egg was quickened. I can't break that spell without... She shuddered, unwilling to do that. She sighed, resigned to sharing her boyfriend with his pregnant sex slave.

Then a naughty thought popped into her head. Kyle could hardly mind sharing her with me. So she gathered new ingredients and set about breaking the lust spell so at least they could keep their hands off each other during school.

And then I'll need to figure out who cast this spell and why.

Chyna's juicy cunt sank down on his cock, engulfing him in her warm embrace. Kyle groaned, leaning back as he sat on the step ladder and holding the hot, dusky girl in his arms. They kissed as she squeezed her cunt around his cock.

And then she fucked him.

"Oh, yes! Fill me up! So hard!" she gasped. "I love your cock!"

"You'd do anything for my cock, wouldn't you?"

"I would! Anything. I'm your slave, Master!"

Images of a Japanese girl, tied up and covered in cum, that Kyle had seen on the internet flashed through his mind. "You'd let me tie you up and jerk off on you!"

"Oh, yes!" she moaned. "You could do anything to me! Spank me, fuck me, tie me up!"

She kept riding him, and his hands found her tight ass. He was going to spank her. Maybe I should let Christy and Aaliyah take turns spanking her ... before I have Aaliyah release her. He gave her ass a stinging smack, and she bucked harder on top of him, her cunt tightening on his shaft.

"You could degrade me and I'd love it! Piss on me, make me lick your asshole, tattoo 'Kyle's Slave' on my butt!" Her cunt spasmed on his cock, cumming at just the idea of being mistreated. "I'm yours!"

He held her tight, her boobs rubbing against his chest as he savored her spongy-hot cunt about his cock. He squeezed her asscheeks and sucked at her neck. He wanted to leave a hickey, to mark Chyna as his!

"Cum in me, Master!" she cooed in his ear. "Flood my pussy with your hot cum and knock me up! I want to nurse you when my tits are full of breast milk!"

He needed to get her pregnant. He need to make sure that—

Warmth flushed through him and they stopped fucking. The intense drive, the incredible lust, vanished. Confusion filled Chyna's hazel eyes as she peered into his. Then she smiled, and kissed him, and her hips started moving. "We need to hurry, Master," she whispered. "We'll be late to class."

Kyle had been so lost in their sex he had forgotten all about class. But he had to cum; his cock was buried in her cunt and even though that great ardor had passed, he still needed to get his rocks off. He gave Chyna a kiss as she slammed her hips on him. His orgasm drew near; his body tensed. He moaned and flooded her cunt, that wonderful, pulsing bliss flooding his veins, peaking every time another load of his cum shot into her pussy.

She hugged him tight, nuzzling his neck. "I meant it," she whispered. "I'm yours to do with as you please."

"I..." What did you say to that? "Okay. We should probably go to class."

She nodded, and slid off of him, then froze. "Um ... there's cum on your shirt."

His shirt was sticky with his cum, rubbed off from her tits during their fucking. He concentrated, hoping Aaliyah would sense him. Yes, my love her voice echoed in his head. She seemed distracted.

I wish that Chyna and my clothes were cleaned and we were presentable.

Suddenly their clothes were fresh and clean, the cum gone, and their faces were no longer flushed and sweaty. She'd even cleaned the mess between Chyna's thighs and her panties appeared on the floor beside them.

Chyna looked at him, perplexed. "I have a ... uh ... genie wife."

She cocked her head, then she shrugged. "Of course you do. My master would be a special man."

I'm proud of you, my husband. You're getting over your hangups with sex.

Yeah, you can fix Chyna. I wish that you remove whatever spell you cast on her.

There was a pause. I cannot fix her. It is not in my power. Someone else cast the spell.

But surly you can break the spell!

Not hearth or harem. I'm sorry, my love, but these are the restrictions placed upon me.

Do you know who cast the spell?

Divination is not part of hearth or harem.

A chill settled on Kyle. Someone in the school had a twisted sense of humor and Kyle couldn't figure out why anyone would do it except to break him and Christy up. "Fuck," he muttered.

"See you tomorrow," Christy told Kyle, kissing him. She had to stay after school for DECA, a student business club she was a part of.

"Sure. Can't wait for our date."

Christy blushed at his implication. "I can't wait either."

"Master," Chyna smiled and ran up, throwing her arms around him and kissing her boyfriend. She suppressed her jealousy, knowing neither could help it. That Goddess damned spell is to blame! Who cast it? When I find out! Oohh! I'm gonna throttle them!

"Not at school," Kyle muttered, his cheeks darkening with a blush. "There's already rumors about us."

"Sorry." She had a sheepish expression. "I want to come home with you and serve you."

"You can't. I need time to figure out how to explain our relationship to my mom and your parents. So be patient."

She looked crestfallen and Christy beat her jealousy back down. "Yes, Master," she pouted

Britney leaned against Kyle's car, staring that the three of them. Her glasses were thick, magnifying her green eyes. Christy always thought there was something off about the nerdy girl and never quite understood the friendship between her and Kyle. Why is she frowning? Christy shot her a dirty look. It was none of her business how complicated Christy and Kyle's relationship had become today.

Christy checked her cell phone. "I got to run. Love you." Another kiss, and she jogged back into the school.

A chill settled over her. Who had cast that spell? Could it have been one of the coven? And if it was, what did that mean? Was this an indirect attack on me? What if it was Ms. Franklin? The woman's possessiveness of her had unnerved Christy. Her coven mistress seemed to feel that she owned all of the coven, including Christy. Was this her attempt to break us up?

Things are getting so strange.

Kyle pulled his Ford Taurus into his driveway. The house was quiet. And very clean. Too clean. His mom tried to keep it tidy, but she worked full time, and Kyle and Fatima had active lives, so sometimes it got away from them. Kyle figured this was Aaliyah's work. I guess that would fall under hearth.

His cock grew excited thinking about his wife. It was weird to think about her that way. He was even more surprised to discover how much he missed her. Christy seemed cool with his newfound, polygamous ways and that alleviated the guilt he had been feeling. He had a good hour-and-a-half before he had to leave for Kendo. He should do his homework, but his dick vetoed that idea.

"Aaliyah," he called out.

In your bedroom, she purred in his mind. So sexy; his cock grew hard.

Kyle took the stairs two at a time, heart thudding. He opened the door to his bedroom and his jaw dropped. Not one, but two sexy girls lounged on his bed wearing skimpy negligees. He didn't immediately recognize that the second girl was his little sister, too focused on her budding breasts cupped in transparent, pink lace.

"Hey bro," she purred. He gaped.

Aaliyah was behind her, wearing a matching yellow slip, her body pressed against Fatima's back, arms wrapped around his sister, hands exploring Fatima's youthful charms. His sister's almond-shaped eyes fluttered as Aaliyah's hand slid beneath her lingerie's hem and clearly played with her pussy.

"Oh, yes," she gasped. "Do you like what you see, big bro!"

He didn't know what to think. This is one of my fantasies come to life!

"Why don't you come join us, husband," Aaliyah cooed.

Fatima gasped, eyes widening. Aaliyah's finger must have just shoved inside her. His cock ached to be free, to bury in his little sister's cunt and revel in such tabooed sex. But she's my little sister!

She's your smoking hot, little sister!

"I want to make love to you, Kyle. Please! I've been fantasizing about you for a year. It's all I want. Make love to me!"

"It's wrong." He ignored his lust.

Fatima lifted the hem of her pink negligee and exposed Aaliyah's hand pumping away inside her juicy pussy. "I think you need some incentive," his sister purred, then rolled over and kissed his genie wife on the lips.

Their tongues flashed; sighs of passion escaped their lips. Kyle couldn't take his eyes away. This was lesbian porn played out in his bed starring his sister and his wife. They both had dusky bodies, Aaliyah's more brown, Fatima's more olive. The genie kissed at her neck, her hands pushing up the front of his sister's lingerie. Her breasts were just budding, topped with dark, erect nipples.

"Oh, Aaliyah!" Fatima gasped, her almond-shaped eyes fixing on his. "I love it when you suck my nipples. It makes me so wet!"

The little tease! Sweat broke out on his forehead. He desperately tried to look away. But it was just so ... hot!

"Let me suck your tits!"

"Sure," Aaliyah purred and her yellow negligee vanished, her round, dusky breasts heaving as Fatima engulfed her nipple. "Oh, my husband! Her tongue is amazing. You need to feel it on your cock!"

"Umm, I can't wait!" his sister cooed, licking her lips, before engulfing her nipples.

Neither could Kyle. Think about Christy! This is wrong! He tried to picture his girlfriend as he always imagined her naked, but he couldn't get the image of his sister kissing her way down Aaliyah's smooth stomach, drawing closer and closer to the genie's pussy.

What's the harm? that lustful voice in his head whispered.

She's my sister!

Look at how cute her ass is, the way it curves, the pale-olive tint, the cleft leading down to her delights. Those breasts, just budding. Imagine those nipples between your lips, her tight, juicy cunt around your cock.

"Oh, Fatima!" Aaliyah gasped.

His sister feasted on the genie's pussy, her face buried amid the black hair. Fatima wiggled that succulent rear and he caught flashes of her tight slit, juicy, a down of dark hair sprouting about the slit. Aaliyah moaned and purred, squeezing her tits.

"She wants you, Kyle!" his wife gasped. "She needs to feel your cock insider her. It's her dream, her desire! Don't deny her!"

"Please, Kyle," she begged. Her lips were sticky with Aaliyah's rapture.

He wanted to taste them. He couldn't control himself anymore, his lust burned away all rational thought. He cupped her face; she threw her arms around his neck. They kissed. Her tongue shoved eagerly into his mouth, her lips tasted spicy and wonderful. His clothes vanished—Aaliyah's work—and her naked body pressed against his, and he savored the way his sister writhed, full of joy and passion, so soft and silky and hot.

She pulled him down onto the bed atop her. His hands stroked her side, squeezing her little hills topped with hard nipples. Her thighs spread for him; Aaliyah's hand grasped his cock and guided him to her treasure. She was hot, almost burning the tip of his cock as his wife rubbed his shaft against his sister's vulva. He rubbed against her lips, feeling the barrier of her hymen stretched across her pussy. Heaven awaited him on the other side.

"Kyle." Fatima broke the kiss, looking into his eyes. "I want to be your wife."

He froze, struggling to think, but it was almost impossible with his tip touching the entrance of her silky flesh. "You're my sister."

"I love you," she whispered. "I want to be your wife and share you with Aaliyah ... and Christy."

"I..." He looked into her dark, slanted eyes, into her soul. Her arms hugged him tight, and her thighs wrapped around his waist; his cock pressed against her hymen. All those times he fantasized about fucking her, loving her.

He loved Christy. He loved Aaliyah. His heart had room to love his little sister.

"Be my wife," he whispered.

Her thighs pulled him inside her. She gasped, winced, her maidenhead giving way before his cock, and he impaled her. Her body shuddered, shrieks escaped her lips, her tight sheath squeezed hard upon him.

She came.

"Oh, yes! I love you! I love my big brother! I'm your sister-wife!"

He held her, not moving, as she bucked beneath him, savoring the tight feel. Aaliyah stretched out next to them, her lips meeting his, her hands rubbing across his back. "Make love to her," she whispered.

Kyle made love to his sister. Their hips pumped, their lips kissed. They gasped and moaned and writhed in each other's embrace. Pleasure and love filled Kyle. He loved both of these women and pulled Aaliyah to him, and kissed her, too. In unison, he and his sister slipped a finger into the genie's cunt, and the three made love together.

"Cum in me!" moaned Fatima. "I want to feel you inside me. I've dreamed of it for so long!"

"Yes, yes!" Aaliyah gasped. "Cum in her! Oh, yes! I'm cumming!" The genie let out a low shriek, her cunt massaging the siblings' fingers.

Fatima pulled her finger out, holding it up to her brothers lips. He sucked Aaliyah's spice as he pumped into his sister. The pressure in his balls grew; his strokes became more powerful. Just a few more pumps in and out of her delectable, tight sheath. He clenched his teeth, his body tensed, and he exploded into her.

"Oh, Fatima!" he moaned, collapsing on his sister and kissing her.

"That was fucking awesome!" she panted. "I love you."

He swallowed, his lust dying down and he gazed at first Fatima than Aaliyah. Christy's face swam in his mind. "I love you both," he answered. Even you, Christy. "You're both my wives."

"Good. Now we just need you to seduce Christy," Fatima smiled. "You've been dating her five months and I can't believe you haven't popped her cherry yet."

"She's not that type of girl," Kyle answered defensively.

"Then we need you to make her that type of girl," his sister declared. "I want her in this bed in a week's time. She's so pretty. Aaliyah and I need to get to know her."

Kyle wanted that, too.

"I'm pretty sure tomorrow night's the one," he answered. "She's pretty much said we're going to make love."

"Good. Aaliyah can make sure nothing interferes. Right?"

The genie nodded. "I absolutely can. But why wait? I can summon her and make her one of Kyle's wives."

"No!" He said the word more forcefully than he meant; guilt filled him as Aaliyah flinched. "Sorry. I just want to do it properly. She deserves that."

"I guess," Fatima muttered, then a naughty grin split her face. "Are you able to go again? Or should Aaliyah and I put on a lezzie show to get you hard?"

"I say lezzie show," Aaliyah chimed in. "I want to eat your messy pussy clean."

He rolled off his sister, his wife, and watched his other wife spread her thighs and start licking his white cream out of her pussy. "We have practice tonight, remember," he told his sister-wife.

"Let's skip it!" Fatima moaned. "Let's fuck instead!"

"No." Kyle shook his head. Kendo was about discipline and he didn't feel right shirking it. His dad had been great at Kendo and he wanted his dad to be proud of him up in Heaven. "We can do that afterward."

"Fine. Let me just get a quick cum, okay?"

Kyle couldn't say no to his sister, not when Aaliyah's seemed to be enjoying the delights between Fatima's thighs. He glanced at the clock. They had time. His ardor was rising, Aaliyah's dusky ass waved at him. Fatima grinned; her dark eyes fixed on his cock.

"What are you waiting for?" she asked. "Poor Aaliyah needs to cum, too!"

"Hello, Amber," Ms. Franklin purred.

Christy jumped, spinning about to find her coven's leader smiling at her. "Ms. Franklin, what can I do for you?"

An amused light glinted in the teacher's green eyes. "You know what to call me, Amber."

"There are ... others around," she answered carefully.

"Hey, Christy, I ... oh, hello, Ms. Franklin," Braiden said, blinking in surprise.

Christy's DECA club meeting had just ended and the other members were streaming out of the classroom. She hated Braiden. The twerp knew she had a boyfriend, but he was always hitting on her. And today, he had rubbed the rumors of Kyle and Chyna's tryst in her face. She wanted to scream her frustration and claw out the eyes of whomever cast that spell.

"Run along, Braiden," Ms. Franklin coolly said. "I have to talk to Christy in private."

"Oh, sure." He sounded disappointed. He probably wanted to ask me out again! Pig!

"How can I serve you, Celestite?" Christy asked, using the teacher's coven name and being as subservient as possible.

"I need help with a spell. Follow me."

Ms. Franklin made small talk with Christy as they walked through the halls and down the stairs. All the science classes were on the first floor, but the DECA club met in one of the English classes on the second floor.

"I've heard some disturbing rumors about your boyfriend," Ms. Franklin said, changing the subject as they walked down the stairs. "Spending some time with another girl during lunch."

"It's a lie," Christy spat. "He was with me all lunch."

"Of course," Ms. Franklin said, her tone full of false sincerity.

Christy screamed inside, her face flushing with anger. I'll throttle whomever cast that spell until their eyes pop! She glanced at Ms. Franklin, and a tumble of fear went through her. What if she had cast the spell? She prayed it wasn't the teacher, she wasn't strong enough to challenge her coven leader.

They finally reached the teacher's biology lab. "What spell are we casting, Celestite?"

The teacher turned, handing her a plastic recorder, white, the kind Christy had to play in elementary school music class. "I need you to be my piper."

She's calling familiars, Christy mused, taking up the recorder. Why?

Her coven mistress didn't explain, so Christy began playing. The recorder squeaked and trilled as she blew through the mouthpiece. The music didn't have to be good; Christy just had to keep a steady melody. She played three blind mice—the only song simple enough that she could play, and the only one she could remember—over and over as Ms. Franklin prayed to Hecate over the boiling beaker that issued yellow, sweet smoke.

"Great Goddess of Magic! Send to me familiars who scurry about the earth. Keen of nose to smell out the Djinn's magic and small of body to squeeze through any crack or crevasse."

Christy could feel the magic in the room, swirling about her recorder, and the sound seemed to magnify, reaching out through the classroom to call the familiars to Ms. Franklin. For five minutes, then ten, then twenty, Christy played, her fingers aching and sweat beading down her face from the exertion.

And then first the rat skittered in.

Christy's skin crawled as the rats flooded into the classroom. It was a small trickle at first, just ones or twos, and then threes, then it was dozens, and soon then there were hundreds, carpeting the floor in brown fur. Beady, black eyes stared pitilessly at Christy as they gathered around her feet. She squirmed, feeling dirty just being so close to them.

When the entire classroom floor was nothing but a living carpet, squirming and squeaking, Ms. Franklin started a new spell. "By the Goddess Hecate's command, you shall be my eyes, my nose, my ears, my tongue, and my hands. Seek out the powers that dwell and find where the Djinn hides. Go my familiars and do your Mistress's bidding."

The rats scurried away and Christy finally stopped playing the recorder, shivering in relief that all the disgusting rats were gone. "Is there anything else you require of me?" she asked.

"No dear." Ms. Franklin smiled, pushing back her fiery-red hair. "I hope things work out between you and Kyle."

"We're fine."

"If you ever need to talk..."

Christy nodded her head. "I need to go. I have homework."

The teacher caught her in an embrace, and Christy froze as Ms. Franklin passionately kissed her, the teacher's tongue thrusting into her mouth, possessing her. Ms. Franklin smirked when she broke the kiss. "Have a good night, Amber."

The kiss just made her feel dirtier. How am I ever getting out of this mess? She fished out her phone and called Kyle, needing to hear her boyfriend's voice. The phone rang, and rang, and rang. What's he up to?

"Hey, cutie." Kyle's voice was hallow as he used his phone's Bluetooth to connect to his car's stereo. She could hear the car in the background, and a wet noise that sounded almost like sucking. Was something wrong with his car? "What's up?"

"Nothing," she sighed, already feeling better. "I just wanted to hear your voice."

"Cool."

He sounded distracted. He's driving, so of course he's distracted.

"Cut that out Fatima," he suddenly said.

"What's going on?"

"My sister is being her same bratty..." his voice trailed off as he gasped and groaned. "Damn, Fatima! That was..."

"What did she do?" Christy asked, fascinated.

"What did she do?" Kyle muttered. "She ... uh ... goosed me."

"I goosed him good!" Fatima giggled. "So, tomorrow night you're putting out for my brother, right?"

Her cheeks blushed, and she answered, "If he plays his cards right."

"I want you to knock his socks off!" his sister exclaimed.

"Fatima, this isn't..." Kyle tried to say.

"Give it to him good!"

Fatima was always teasing Christy, and it sometimes seemed like the girl was using humor to mask jealousy; Christy wondered if the girl had a crush on her brother. "He will be more than happy when I'm done." Her cheeks burned as she said those words.

"Good." There was a satisfied tone to the girls voice. Did she actually want me to fuck her brother? "We have to go, we're at the dojo."

Every Tuesday and Thursday, Kyle and his sister went to their uncle's dojo and practiced their martial arts. Kyle was pretty good at Kendo. She had watched him compete in a few tournaments; he never won, but he usually ranked pretty high.

"Have fun. Love you, Kyle."

"I love you, too. Can't wait for tomorrow night."

"I can see how hard he is!" Fatima chimed in before Kyle hung up.

Christy rubbed her thighs together, the conversation heating her up. She rushed to her car, a cute Toyota Prius. She pushed the ignition and drove quickly home, squirming in the seat the entire time as she gabbed with her BFF Iseul over her Bluetooth.

Once home, she raced upstairs, barely saying hi to her mother. She had to cum so bad. She flopped onto her bed and shoved her hands into her panties, digging her fingers deep into her pussy, and rubbed her clit, pleasure shuddering through her.

"Fuck me, Kyle!" she gasped.

She switched hands, pinching her clit and sucked her juices clean off her fingers, savoring her tangy flavor. She definitely had a taste for pussy after all those coven meetings, but it was cock that she burned for. She grabbed her brush off the nightstand, yanked off her panties, and worked the thick handle inside her, spreading wide her tight flesh. Delicious, wonderful passion filled her.

"I love you Kyle!" she moaned. "Make me cum!"

One hand pumped the brush in and out of her while her other hand squeezed her tit through her shirt and bra. She writhed, her breath quickening, as her fingers brought her closer and closer to climax. She shuddered. Gasping, she rolled to her side as pleasure radiated through her.

She panted into her pillow, the handle of her hairbrush still buried inside her. She enjoyed its girth inside her as aftershocks of her cum trembled through her. Tomorrow night is going to be amazing!

Her hand started pumping the hairbrush in and out, slow, teasing, as the girl was lost to her fantasy.

Celestite smiled as she gazed down at Opal. That wasn't the cheerleader's real name, but Celestite hated to think of any of her coven by their birth names. Opal wore her Rogers Rams cheerleading uniform, blue top and white-and-blue pleated skirt, and lay bound spread-eagle to the teacher's bed. Lust burned in the cheerleader's green eyes as she drank in the sight of Celestite's near-naked body.

"Do you like what you see," she purred, running a hand through her fiery-red hair, down to cup her full breast. She wore a black corset that cupped her tits in black lace, leaving her hard nipples exposed. Garters hung from the corset, holding up a pair of fishnet stockings that clad her sleek, pale thighs.

"I love it," Opal moaned, straining at her bounds. "I want to taste you so bad!"

Celestite picked up a crystal sphere from her shelf, a sultry roll to her hips as she walked to the bound teenager. Opal's eyes drank in her beauty, fixing her green eyes on the thick, fiery bush between her thighs.

Licking her lips, Opal purred, "Let me taste you! Sit on my face and let me worship you!"

She straddled the teen's face, holding her pussy above her. Opal strained at the bounds, her tongue sticking out as she desperately tried to reach her teacher's pussy. Celestite enjoyed the anticipation as she flipped up the girl's skirt. The cheerleader's pussy was shaved bare, leaking juices, and Celestite set her crystal ball against the girl's cunt.

It glowed, drinking in the girls lust. An image formed, Amber writhing on her bed as she masturbated. The ball was reaching into the past, showing Celestite a few hours ago. The coven mistress knew every time the girl masturbated in her bedroom thanks to a spell she had cast on Amber's house and she watched everyone of Amber's performances.

Her beautiful face contorted in pleasure, as she worked her fingers in her panties. Celestite settled her weight on Opal's face, the teen's tongue licking through her pussy. She leaned in, almost pressing her face against the ball, and wished it was Amber beneath her.

"Fuck me, Kyle!" Amber moaned.

Damn! She had hoped Amber's affection for her boyfriend would have chilled.

Amber yanked her panties off and Celestite feasted on the sight of the brown curls adorning her pussy, dripping with her lust as she worked a hairbrush in and out. The teacher closed her eyes, Opal's tongue digging into her pussy, and pretended that it was her strap-on fucking Amber's pussy.

Saturday night, she'll be mine!

Opal wiggled her tongue deep inside her. She moaned and ground her hips, rubbing her clit against the cheerleader's chin. She shifted the vision, getting a close up on Amber's young pussy. The hairbrush pumped in and out, pink lips clinging tightly to the intruder. Opal shifted her lips, sucking her clit into her lips.

"Soon, Amber!" she moaned, stroking the ball. "You'll forget all about Kyle and you'll be mine!"

She exploded!

Her orgasm was strong, insides clenching, and she squirted a flood of juices into Opal's hungry lips. "Amber!" she moaned, kissing the crystal ball, licking the image of the teen between her thighs, wishing she could bury her face into her pussy and drink her passion right now.

"Is this how you search for the Djinn," a cold voice demanded.

"Master!" Celestite gasped, fear banishing her lust as ice spread through her veins, and threw herself to the floor to prostrate before the shadowy figure.

"I told you to find me the Djinn, not amuse yourself with your whores!"

A black, leather boot appeared before her prostrated face. She kissed the leather. "I have familiars searching the community for the Djinn, Master. She will not elude me for long."

A hand clad in leather grasped her mouth, forcing her to look up at her Master. She could never see his face beneath the shadowed cowl of his robe. Some glamour prevented her from ever discovering who he really was.

Even after ten years of serving him, she still knew nothing of her Master. His cock loomed before her, hard, thick, and she opened her mouth, accepting the violence of his thrust. He never was gentle, delighting in hurting her. But he had shown her power, and one day she would surpass him, then he would kneel before her, whimpering as she violated his mouth with her strap-on.

Soon her familiars would find the Djinn, and then she'd have the power. Then we'll see how you like to grovel on your knees, Master!

The rats streamed out from Rogers High School, spilling into the surrounding community, diffusing like a drop of blood into a pool of water. Their noses were keen, able to sniff out even the most minute scent of magic.

One rat, fat and brown, caught the scent of dust and desert. It scurried on its little legs, naked tail writhing like an earthworm behind it as the vermin crawled through brush and grass, growing closer and closer to its quarry. At the Unmei house, the rat exulted. Here is what its Mistress wanted.

The familiar turned to scurry back to its Mistress when the small figures made of dust fell upon it, stabbing it over and over with blades fashioned from their dusty fists. As the rat bled to death, it saw through its beady, watery eyes a woman dressed in yellow silks watching from the porch.

A second rat, black and thin, slithered through the gap between two fence boards. It caught a different scent—saffron. It moved cautiously through the backyard, creeping to the house. Somehow, the rat's keen senses missed the creature that had stalked behind it, grabbing it by its naked, pink tail.

"What have we here," mused the girl, peering at the rat through thick glasses as it struggled in her grip. She sniffed. "Hmm, Hecate's foul touch."

A grin, feral like a cat, split her lips, then she opened wide. The rat struggled to avoid its fate as she swallowed it whole.

A third rat, sleek and brown, traveled the entire night, searching for any trace of magic. He had traveled for miles and miles when he caught the scent of ash and smoke. Excited, he scurried through the underbrush, climbing a squat hill.

Fire blossomed around him.

Zaritha the Ifrit watched the rat burn, delighting in the smell of its burning flesh.

"So, I'm not the only one looking for the little waif," she purred to the fire. "Show me where you came from."

The greasy smoke twitched, curled, then started drifting down the hill, following the rat's trail. The Ifrit smiled; it wouldn't be long before she found Aaliyah and snuffed out the little Jann's life. Her own life depended on it—Sultan Rashid bin Al-Marid did not suffer failure lightly.
Chapter 4 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 3 |   Bottom
Chapter 4: The Virgin of the Arcane
Posted: September 13, 2014 - 01:51:43 pm
Updated: September 13, 2014 - 04:11:41 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Thursday, January 16th

"We're going to be late, Fatima!" Kyle hollered from the bottom of the stairs.

The front door opened and his mom stepped in, looking a little tired after her long day at work. "Hey, there," she said, smiling and hugging him.

He felt his cock harden as her breasts pressed against him. You already had your sister, why not your mother?

No! he shouted at his lust. I'm drawing the line at mom!

We'll see.

"Off to practice?" she asked.

"Yeah, if Fatima ever gets her ass down here!" He yelled the last part.

She came down the stairs, giggling. They were both dressed in white tunics tucked into dark-blue trousers with wide, skirt-like legs called hakama. Kyle had a shinai over his shoulder, a bamboo practice sword used in Kendo, and a duffel bag full of his armor in the other. His sister had a similar duffel bag and a long, wooden spear—a practice yari.

"Here's my ass!" she exclaimed, presenting her shapely rear to Kyle. "It's all yours big brother."

Kyle felt a sudden chill in his stomach. Their mom didn't know and, more importantly, wouldn't understand about he and his sister's new-found intimacy—she was Kyle's second wife, and had spent the last hour making love with Aaliyah.

"Come on, give it a squeeze," she purred. "I know you love it."

"Fatima!" he gasped, glancing at his mom, but she had an amused expression on her dusky, beautiful face.

"Don't be bashful just because of me," his mom smiled. "Your sister does have a cute ass."

"What?"

"Aaliyah took care of everything," Fatima smiled. "Mom understands about our love."

Before Kyle could react, she proved it by throwing her arms around his neck and thoroughly kissing him. Her lithe body rubbed against him, her tongue shoved into his mouth, and her arms tightened about his neck. It was a wonderful kiss, and the blood pumped hot through his veins.

Kyle was breathless when Fatima broke the kiss; his cock rock hard. "You're okay with this, mom?"

"Of course." She sounded puzzled. "You're a loving, passionate young man. I can't wait to meet your other wives. I assume Christy will be one of them?"

He didn't know what to say. He did hope that his girlfriend would be okay with being his third wife. She didn't have a problem with him and Chyna, so maybe she could understand Aaliyah, but his little sister? He didn't see how anyone not befuddled by Aaliyah could understand that.

You could just have Aaliyah befuddle Christy. Kyle froze at that thought. Then shook his head, No, then she wouldn't be Christy. If he loved her, he couldn't tamper with her free will. That was the line. He wouldn't cross it for any reason. No matter what the consequences.

"C'mon, let's go!" Fatima exclaimed, grabbing his hand and tugging. "We're gonna be late!"

"Whose fault is that?" Kyle asked.

She rolled her eyes. "Don't give me that! You were enjoying it, too! So let's go!"

He let his little sister—no, she's my wife now, too—pull him by the arm outside to his Ford Taurus. They threw their bags in the backseat and climbed in. Kyle started his car, then noticed the huge grin plastered on her face.

"What?" he asked, eyebrows furrowing.

Her hand reached out, stroking his crotch. His cock hardened in an instant. "Wouldn't it be naughty if I sucked your cock while you drove?"

Yes!

The more cautious side of Kyle raised objections. "It would be dangerous. And someone could see us."

"I don't care! I've always wanted to do this! So start driving, and I'll start sucking!"

Kyle fought down his lust. "No. It's dangerous. We could get in a car accident."

Fatima tossed her hair, glaring at him, her dark eyes full of fire. "Why do you always have to be so down to earth! Can't you just take a risk?"

"Someone has to be practical." He mollified his tone. "I just couldn't risk you getting hurt, okay."

That brought a smile to her face. Her hand snaked into his pants and grasped his cock. "Aaliyah!" she shouted.

Yes, my sister-wife, Aaliyah's voice whispered in his mind.

"I wish for Kyle's car to drive us safely to our dojo so I can suck on his cock without any risk," Fatima wished.

Done! Have fun!

His car started backing down out of their driveway on its own, leaving an uneasy feeling in Kyle's stomach. The steering wheel turned, then it went into drive, and smoothly accelerated down the street. It even signaled at the stop sign before turning.

"There, problem solved!" Fatima declared, then bent over and sucked her brother's cock into her hungry mouth.

"Shit!" he gasped, leaning back in his seat.

Her mouth was wonderful, hot and wet. She sucked noisily, bobbing up and down. Her tongue flicked about, brushing his sensitive tip and sending pleasure shooting through him. He ran his hand through her black hair.

"That's wonderful," he moaned. "Oh, wow!"

She popped off his cock, peering up at him. "See, just relax and enjoy what Aaliyah can do for us. Don't worry about things so much. Just relax and let your little sister suck you dry!" Then her mouth engulfed him again.

His phone rang. "Call from Christy," echoed through his car's speakers, his phone was synced up to his stereo by Bluetooth.

Shit! he thought. He didn't want to answer the phone. He wanted to enjoy his little sister's blowjob. But it was Christy calling.

"You gonna answer it?" Fatima asked, lapping at his cock with her tongue. "She'll get mad if you ignore her!"

"Stop blowing me."

"Nope!"

"I can't talk to my girlfriend while you—"

Her hand snaked out and hit the button on the stereo, answering the phone.

"Hey, cutie," he quickly answered, trying to sound casual, and painfully aware of the wet, slurping sounds of his sister's sloppy blowjob. "What's up?"

"Nothing," she answered. "I just wanted to hear your voice."

"Cool." he answered.

His balls felt like they were about to exploded, excited about the situation and Fatima's wonderful, sucking mouth. He was going to cum while talking to his girlfriend on the phone, pouring his jizz down his sister's throat.

"Cut that out Fatima," he told his sister, not wanting to cum while talking to Christy.

"What's going on?" his girlfriend asked.

Fatima sucked harder.

"My sister is being her same bratty..." He came, gasping and grunting, as he pumped three large blasts of jizz down her throat. "Damn, Fatima! That was..." He stopped himself before he blurted out 'an amazing blowjob'.

"What did she do?" Christy asked, fascinated.

"What did she do?" he asked, repeating her question as his mind searched for an answered. "She ... uh ... goosed me."

"I goosed him good!" Fatima giggled, cum staining her lips. "So, tomorrow night you're putting out for my brother, right?"

His cheeks reddened. Kyle found it so bizarre to hear his sister talk to his girlfriend like this, even if his sister had just blown him.

Christy answered after a moment, her voice a little higher pitched, "If he plays his cards right."

"I want you to knock his socks off!" his sister exclaimed.

"Fatima, this isn't..." Kyle tried to say.

"Give it to him good!" Fatima continued.

"He will be more than happy when I'm done," his girlfriend purred.

"Good," Fatima declared. "We have to go, we're at the dojo."

Kyle blinked, realizing his car had already driven them here, and was pulling into the parking lot.

"Have fun. Love you, Kyle."

"I love you, too," he answered. "Can't wait for tomorrow night."

Fatima grasped her brother's cock, still hard despite cumming down her throat. He was excited for tomorrow night, looking forward to making love to Christy.

"I can see how hard he is!" Fatima chimed, and he quickly hung up before she could say anything else.

The car parked itself in front of Kyle and Fatima's uncle's dojo. 'Bushido Dojo' was written on the building with English letters stylized to look Japanese. Uncle Ethan, their dad's older brother, ran the dojo and he prided himself on teaching all of the Japanese warrior arts. Kyle and his sister both studied Akido, a martial art originally designed for armored samurai warriors and focused on grappling, and he studied Kendo, the art of the katana, while Fatima studied Sojudo, the art of the yari, a type of spear with a long, straight blade.

Kyle tucked his cock back into his pants, and grabbed his duffel bag. His uncle was a short, wiry Japanese man with an iron grip. "Hey, Kyle," he smiled, crushing his nephews hand so hard Kyle feared one day his bones would break. "And there's my beautiful princess." Kyle thought it unfair that his uncle just hugged Fatima.

"Hey, Uncle Ethan," she answered.

"Sensei," Kyle nodded. Unlike Fatima, he had to refer to their uncle as Sensei at the dojo. Fatima was the daughter his uncle never had.

The Dojo was decorated like an old-fashioned, Japanese dojo. Dark-stained hardwood covered the floor and a rice paper covered the walls. Japanese watercolors hung from thick, dark-brown support beams. Other students were here. Tonight was weapon training. There were groups training in Kendo and Sojudo and out back a group were practicing Kyudo, Japanese archery.

His eyes froze on a graceful beauty drawing back a yumi—the Japanese asymmetrical bow, the grip wasn't in the center of the bow, but was only a third of the way up the bow—to her smooth cheek and releasing an arrow at a target. She was Japanese, with long, black hair, and pale, delicate features that seemed carved from porcelain.

"She's new," Uncle Ethan said, standing at his shoulder. "Just started today. Her father's some executive running his company's American subsidiary."

"She's beautiful," Kyle blurted out.

"Don't you have a girlfriend?" his uncle asked.

"Kyle's a player," giggled Fatima.

Right. I have two wives and a girlfriend. And a sex slave! That's more than enough women for one guy, Kyle reminded himself. But he couldn't take his eyes off of her. She was radiant, graceful. His heart beat faster. Staring at the Japanese girl reminded him of the first time he laid eyes on Christy last year. Their Sophomore year they had shared biology with Ms. Franklin and he had been sitting at his desk when she walked in and stole his breath away.

Strangely, it also reminded Kyle of Aaliyah materializing out of the lamp and appearing on his bedroom floor.

"You have practice now," Fatima said, nudging him. "You can gawk at pretty girls latter."

The girl seemed to feel his boring gaze on her, and she turned, nodding her head at him, then drew a second arrow, aimed carefully, and released. So beautiful!

His sister made a purring sound. "She is gorgeous, isn't she? I wouldn't mind licking her pussy."

"Kyle, time for practice. Stop daydreaming!" his uncle barked.

"Sorry, Sensei."

"Told you," giggled Fatima. It seemed really unfair that his sister, who was slacking off with him, wasn't scolded at all.

Kyle had trouble focusing during practice. He kept glancing at the girl through the mesh visor of his helmet, and his opponents kept landing blows with their shinai, bamboo practice swords, on his armor.

"Teenagers," his uncle muttered in disgust. "Come on, Kyle. Focus!"

He grit his teeth, but when he wasn't staring at the girl practicing her archery, he was thinking of Christy, Aaliyah, and Fatima. How could I get Christy to accept this? How could she find incest tolerable even if she could share me with other women?

A shinai cracked across his forearm and he winced. "Pay attention," Hudson, his sparing partner snarled. "Next time, I'll crack you in the balls!"

Kyle bore down, and made through the rest of practice without getting his balls cracked. Even with the armor on, it would hurt. He didn't do great though, but he survived with his balls intact. His sister had an amused smile on her flushed face as she skipped up to him, her practice spear slung over a shoulder.

"It must be tough being a guy," she grinned. "Whenever you get a stiffy, you can't concentrate on anything."

He grunted, his forearm still smarting, and started stripping off his padded armor.

"Her name is Fumi" Fatima whispered, removing her own armor.

"What?"

"The bow girl." There was a sly smile on her face. "I could have Aaliyah arrange for a more intimate meeting."

Kyle flushed and hesitated. It would be wrong, like with Christy. "No. Keep Aaliyah out of this."

Fatima pursed her lips, examining him. "Ohh, are you in love? Three girls aren't enough for your heart?"

Her words froze him. Was this love? It was similar to the same, heart pounding feeling he had for Christy—and Fatima and Aaliyah. You will need four before you claim the throne. Aaliyah's words echoed in his head. The Genie expected him to have four wives. Christy and Fumi would make four.

Maybe Christy was fine with sharing him, but he didn't even know Fumi. Such a beautiful name.

Mind whirling with four different women's faces, Kyle stumbled to his car, duffel bag slung over his shoulder. He threw it in the backseat and climbed into the driver seat. Fumi was still practicing. He could see her in the archery range from where he parked. Her black hair was gathered in a long ponytail that fell down the back of her white tunic, and the hakama she wore seemed to hug her ass; his cock hardened.

Done! Aaliyah's voice echoed in his head.

"What?" he asked, realizing his sister must have made a wish.

He glanced over to see Fatima's naked, slim, olive-toned body flushed, and her budding breasts topped with hard, dark nipples. Lust burned in her eyes, and she seemed to leap at him from the passenger seat, straddling his waist. His car seemed to elongate, his seat sliding back, the steering wheel giving her enough room to straddle his lap comfortably.

"Fatima..."

Her kiss caught his words off, shoving her tongue deep into his mouth, while her hands grasped his hard cock. Her skin pressed against his and Kyle realized his clothes had vanished, too. Her hands guided him to her pussy; she sank down him, and they both moaned with passion. She was so tight and warm and wet and wonderful.

"Oh, god, I was so horny in practice thinking about Fumi," she purred in his ear. He turned to look at the Japanese girl as his sister licked his ear. "I bet you can't wait to feel her pussy about your cock!"

His sister pumped her cunt on his cock, and he couldn't help groaning. "What if someone sees us?"

"Don't worry, Aaliyah is taking care of that!" she moaned. "Oh, wow! I love your cock!"

Kyle couldn't take his eyes off Fumi as his sister rode him. Her lips kissed and sucked at his ear, hissing dirty ideas to him: "I want to suck your cum out of her pussy! Out of her ass!" and "I can't wait for you to bend her over and fuck her hard!" and "I want to kneel down next to her and we'll both lick your cock!"

I want that, too he realized.

"Yes! I want to fuck her pussy while she eats yours out, Fatima!" he roared, squeezing her ass.

Fatima's cunt convulsed on his cock. "Oh, yes! That'd be hot!" She bucked, cumming hard. "I can't wait! Make her your wife! I want to share her with Aaliyah and Christy!"

An image of him in bed with all four girls, loving and fucking each other, flooded his mind. Christy's pale, Fumi's light-olive, Fatima's dusky, and Aaliyah's dark skin all writhing together. Kissing, sucking, licking. And he was in the middle. Four wonderful, beautiful women squirming about him, sharing him.

"I love you!" he yelled out as he came. "I love you all!"

Somehow he would have them all. Woo them, convince them, and make them his. He had two, and almost had Christy, and he would get Fumi as well. Fatima collapsed in his arms, breathing on his neck. He held her, savoring her feel as he watched the Japanese girl unstrung her bow and covered it in a cloth sheathe.

"She is gorgeous," Aaliyah purred.

Kyle jumped. His Genie wife sat in the passenger seat, her dusky tits heaving with excitement. She was naked, and he noticed her hand buried between her thighs, pumping away at her pussy. Adding her spicy scent to Fatima's tart filling the car.

"Aaliyah!" gasped Fatima. Then his sister squealed and tackled her. The passenger seat leaned back as his sister rubbed her cunt into Aaliyah's. "Do you feel that? That's our husband's cum leaking out of me!"

"I can feel it!" moaned the Genie. "And your hot, little cunt rubbing against mine! Harder! I need to cum, too!"

His car shook as the two girls tribbed with passion. Kyle couldn't help but watch his sister's naked ass clench as she writhed against Aaliyah. They were just so goddamned beautiful. His cock was hardening, and he stroked it.

The rap at his window startled him. For a moment fear flooded through him; he was naked, and two girls fucked in the seat next to him. Then he remembered that Aaliyah had taken care of everything. He started to relax and turned; his heart caught in his throat. There was Fumi at his window, a soft smile on her delicate face.

He rolled it down. "Eh, yes?"

"I love your cunt!" Fatima gasped next to him. Color flushed his cheeks and he tried to ignore the girlish squeals.

"I saw you watching me," Fumi said, her words slow and carefully spoken.

"Eh, yeah. You're, um, very good."

She blushed. "You seemed distracted during your practice." A shy smile spread on her lips, and she bowed. "I am so sorry for breaking your concentration."

"It's alright. You were just so graceful. I couldn't help looking." he swallowed, keenly aware of the two girls writhing in passion next to him, apparently invisible to Fumi. She frowned, glancing at the car. Is she wondering why the car is rocking? "I hope it didn't make you uncomfortable."

She shook her head. "No. When a cute boy stares at you it's..." she blushed, clapping hands over her mouth.

Kyle did a mental elbow pump. Then he swallowed, and asked, "So, um, you're new in town?"

"Yes. My family only moved here last week."

"Well, maybe I can take you out for a bite to eat? Say Saturday around four." Christy had her book club meeting on Saturday, so he wouldn't have to worry about his girlfriend wanting to get together.

She gave him a considering look. "I think I would like that." She worried her lip. "I do not even know your name."

"Kyle Unmei. You're Fumi, right?"

"Unmei? You are related to the Sensei?"

"My uncle."

She smiled. "Then we have a date, Unmei-san."

"Way to go, big bro!" moaned Fatima, still tribbing away.

Fumi walked away and Kyle couldn't help grinning like a fool. Everything was going amazing since Aaliyah entered his life.

Friday, January 17th

"Aaliyah," a voice whispered, shaking the Djinn's shoulder.

She had been dreaming of her father's palace, idling in the pleasure garden watching Kyle and Fatima sport in a pool. There had been chains about my wrists though. Why? Like a mirage on the horizon, her dream was hazy and indistinct, but the chains worried her and she had a feeling someone close had tricked her into them.

"Wake up, sleepy head," the voice whispered in her ear, hot breath tickling her neck. Fatima's voice.

Her eyes fluttered opened; Fatima's face was inches from her own; her dark, almond-shaped eyes peering into hers. A grin split her sister-wife's face, naughty and mischievous. Next to her, Kyle shifted in his sleep, rolling onto his side, his broad, dark-olive back facing her.

"I had an idea," Fatima giggled. "Let's wake him up in style!"

The unease Aaliyah felt about the dream vanished as Fatima whispered her idea.

Pleasure trembled through Kyle, drawing him out of sleep. Something wet and warm moved around his cock. A tongue. He heard girlish giggles, and then a tongue licked at his balls. He was confused for a moment, then remembered going to bed with his wives last night.

He opened his eyes; two, black-haired heads crowded his crotch, kneeling on the bed. He could see their sleek backs and their asses wiggling as they licked his cock. Aaliyah was lapping at his head while Fatima sucked his balls in her lips.

"You sure know how to spoil a guy," he groaned.

"When your cock is this great, bro, it's not a problem!"

"So it's my cock you love?"

His little sister grinned. "I love every part of you!"

Aaliyah's tongue swirled about his cock, then she opened wide and swallowed him. Fatima moved lower, her tongue licking through his taint. The Genie hummed around his shaft, vibrations tingling through him, as his sister's tongue licked through his crack and found his asshole.

"Holy shit, Fatima!" he gasped as her tongue swirled around his asshole. "Where'd you learn to do that?"

"Porn!" she answered, then buried her tongue back into his asshole.

Their two mouths worked him hard and he shifted on the bed as the pleasure increased in his balls. His Genie wife worked her mouth lower and lower on his cock; the tip brushed the back of her throat. She swallowed, and he was buried all the way down her throat.

"Fuck yes!" he moaned. "You dirty sluts!"

His balls were about to erupt. Fatima had her tongue wormed into his ass, and Aaliyah's had engulfed every inch of his cock, her tight throat wonderfully vibrating about his shaft as she kept humming. The sensations were growing too much.

His cock erupted.

"Yes, yes!" he groaned.

Aaliyah moved her head up his shaft in the blink of an eye, capturing his cum in her mouth. A thick glob leaked out when she released his dick, dripping down onto Fatima's head—white cream matted in black hair.

"Um, share," Fatima purred. The two kissed, pink tongues working in each other's mouths as they savored his cum.

The two girls started writhing together on his bed. Kyle glanced at his clock, and sighed. They needed to get ready for school. Leaving his two wives to enjoy themselves, he walked to the bathroom, forgetting he was naked.

"Oh!" his mom gasped.

He spun, then blushed, covering his junk. His mom's eyes flickered down and her dusky cheeks blushed darkly. "Sorry!"

"It's okay," she answered, a little breathless. "I've seen one before."

She looked up at the ceiling as he pushed by and Kyle noticed how nicely she filled out her robe. He took a cold shower, wrestling with the urge to have Aaliyah charm his mom into joining him in the shower so they could 'wash' each other.

When he finished, his sister was naked and waiting for her turn. "You should have stayed. I made Aaliyah scream my name!"

"We have to go to school," he answered. "If I stayed, I didn't think that was happening."

Fatima gave a wicked laugh. "You're probably right."

"You could have just wished to be clean and ready," Aaliyah purred.

"Right," Kyle yawned. "Still not fully awake."

"I wish to be clean and ready for school," Fatima declared. In a blink of an eye, she was dressed, her hair styled, and makeup applied.

Aaliyah laid back on the pillow, dozing half-draped in the mussed sheets, her round breasts rising and falling as she breathed. Kyle paused to admire his wife's beauty, before he began dressing in his Army JROTC uniform. It was Friday, and all the cadets had to wear their uniforms to school. Blue pants, gray dress shirt festooned with his various ribbons, and a darker blue jacket.

"What is that?" Aaliyah asked.

"My uniform."

She blinked. "Uniform?"

He explained about being in the Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps, and his plans to join the Army when he graduated college. A smile beamed across her face and when he finished, she exclaimed, "You're a warrior!"

"I ... yeah, I guess," he answered.

She nodded her head in satisfaction. "Good. It had slipped my mind in all the ... excitement, but I have a gift for you. It's good that you already have training."

He frowned. "What?"

"Come on, Kyle, we need to go!" Fatima shouted. "We'll be late for school."

"You do not have school tomorrow, right?" she asked. He nodded. "Good. We'll start your training."

Confused, Kyle grabbed his backpack and left the room. Fatima wasn't in JROTC, so she only wore a jean skirt, a pair of red tights hugging her thighs, and a flowery top beneath her heavy jacket. He pulled on his beret as he stepped outside. It was raining, another dreary, soggy, Washington morning.

Usually Fatima rode the bus to school. Today, she climbed into his passenger seat. "From now on we're riding to school together," she smiled, leaning over to kiss him on the lips.

"Sure. But, uh, we need to keep our relationship on the down-low."

She nodded her head and then pulled her tights down and panties. "Want to fuck me while the car drives us to Britney's?"

Fatima bounced on his cock while Aaliyah's magic drove the car to his best friend's house. His sister gasped and moaned as she rode him, her pussy hot and tight on his cock. They didn't last long; Fatima came first, her juicy cunt milking his cock and he creamed her snatch as they rounded the corner and pulled up to Britney's house.

"This is the best way to go to school," purred Fatima.

"Yeah," Kyle grinned. "I can get used to this."

"Aaliyah, can you clean us up?" Fatima asked.

Of course I can, my loves.

In the blink of an eye, their clothes were straightened and their bodies cleaned.

Britney walked out, her honey-brown hair its usual, disheveled mess. She wore a baggy, deep-maroon sweater and gray sweat pants. She blinked in surprise through her thick glasses when she noticed his sister in the passenger seat. Without saying a word she climbed into the backseat, her nose sniffing.

She couldn't be smelling anything. Aaliyah cleaned everything up.

Britney gave his sister a considering look, then glanced at Kyle. "I thought you and your sister didn't get along?"

"We had a heart-to-heart last night," Kyle answered.

"And this morning," giggled Fatima. "And on the car ride over here."

The blood rushed to Kyle's cheek and sweat broke out on his brow.

"How nice," Britney answered. "And how are things going with your wife?"

"Um, fine," he answered.

"She's a very generous girl," his sister piped in. "Very skilled with her hands."

Britney nodded and pulled out a textbook and started reading.

"Kyle has a crush on this Japanese girl from our dojo."

Britney looked up. "Another girl, Kyle." Her tone was full of disapproval. "And have you told Christy about your wife."

"Not yet. I'm trying to find the way."

"Christy's going to fuck him tonight!"

"You seem excited by that, Fatima," Britney mused.

"I love my brother; I want him to be happy."

"Christy is not right for him. She is hiding something." Kyle could feel his friend's eyes boring into the back of his head. "She is going to hurt you. Dump her before she breaks your heart."

"Are you jealous?" Fatima asked, peering back. "Do you have a crush on Kyle?"

Britney's answer was a flat, unequivocal no. Kyle didn't know if she was gay or uninterested in a relationship, but he did know that he had no attraction to her. Out of all the women in his life, Kyle had never fantasized about his best friend.

"I just do not want to see your brother hurt. He is a special guy. I sensed it the first time I met him."

When Kyle arrived at school, he joined the color guard and raised the flags in front of the school. It was part of his JROTC duties. He met up with Christy and, true to his girlfriend's word, she made them both late to math class. Kyle didn't mind, her mouth was hot and eager as they made out in a secluded corner.

As the day went on, Kyle found himself lusting after every girl or attractive teacher he saw. He was tempted to make some wishes and have some fun. His third period was English, and Ms. Capello was a smoking-hot, Italian Goddess, with tan skin and honey-brown hair, and the most sultriest smile that made his cock hard.

And it wasn't just Ms. Capello he thought of sticking his cock into, but the other girls in his English class. He imagined caramel-skinned Rosalinda, dressed in her silver and blue cheerleaders outfit today, crawling under his desk and sucking his cock, or doll-faced Iseul, Christy's best friend, perched on his desk, her legs spread, and his face buried into her bushy snatch. His thought drifted to enjoying a nice titty fuck from busty Darleen while making out with gray-eyed Lexie.

Britney sat next to him in English, and kept having to kick his shin under the table to keep him focused on the lessons. "You need to stop drooling over every girl in class," she hissed in his ear. "You will never get into a good college if you do not pay attention. Your Junior year is so important."

His cock was aching when the bell rang and it was time for lunch. Chyna waited for him in the cafeteria, and greeted him with a big kiss for all the school to see. She kept 'forgetting' his command to keep their relationship hidden from their classmates.

"I need you so bad," she whispered in his ear. "I had trouble sleeping. I need to be with you, Kyle. I'm your slave."

"You fucking stud, Kyle," Pablo grinned, punching my shoulder. "Christy's going to kill you."

"I'm going to do something to him," his girlfriend declared. "Jeez, do I need to get a firehouse and spray you down, Chyna?"

"Sorry," she muttered.

"Come on, we need to talk," she declared, then glared at Pablo. "What are you looking at?"

"Just watching the show. Curious to see what happens when a guy get his balls torn off."

Christy hooked her arm around Kyle's. "Sorry, any ball busting's going to be done in private. So get lost!"

"Sorry," Kyle muttered. "I told her not to."

"I guess you have to punish me, Master," Chyna purred. "You could spank my ass." She leaned in, whispering, "I'm not wearing any panties under my skirt."

"You need to tone it down, slut," Christy muttered as they walked. "Everyone's talking behind my back about how you stole my boyfriend."

"Is that why Iseul gave me the stink eye?" Kyle asked.

His girlfriend nodded. "Everyone thinks your cheating on me, and I'm too stupid to see it."

"Sorry," he muttered; a spike of guilt stabbed through him. But they're my wives. I'm sure Christy will understand Aaliyah. "Christy, there's something—"

"In here," Christy interrupted, opening up the janitor's closet he fucked Chyna in yesterday. His girlfriend tugged him in and Chyna followed. "Your slave needs to be fucked so she can control herself."

He gaped at her. "You brought me here so I could fuck another woman?"

"I know, I'm the greatest girlfriend in the world," she smiled.

Chyna rubbed her ass against Kyle's pants. "Ohh, fuck me, Master! Can't you smell how hot I am?"

There was a tart musk in the air, and her ass felt great rubbing against his cock. "Down on your knees, slave!"

"Oh, yes!" she moaned, dropping to her knees. She flipped up her skirt to expose her dusky ass.

It looked so inviting, he knew where he was sticking his cock. He knelt behind her, smearing his cock against her bushy cunt. That wouldn't do. "Chyna. Tonight I want you to shave your bush."

"I will! Fuck me, please! Don't tease me, Master!"

She gasped as he shoved his cock up her ass, shivering in pain and pleasure. Her ass was so tight, squeezing his cock like a vice as Kyle worked it deeper and deeper into her bowels. She let out a wordless howl, and then her asshole squeezed hard his cock.

"I'm cumming!" she screamed. "I'm cumming!"

"Keep it down, bitch," Christy muttered. "I didn't ward this place against sound!"

Then to Kyle's amazement, she reached under her long, purple skirt, and pulled her panties down. He caught a brief glimpse of her brown-furred pussy, before she pulled Chyna's face beneath her skirt into her cunt.

"Lick, bitch!" she ordered. "That'll keep you quiet."

Chyna must have licked, because his girlfriend let out a soft sigh, a smile on her lips. She didn't even hesitate, Kyle mused in amazement. His girlfriend squeezed her eyes shut, her pouty lips pursed in passion as she ground her pussy on his sex slave's mouth.

"She's good," Christy purred. "Umm, suck my clit!"

She leaned over and kissed him on the lips as they shared the sex slave. Her tongue slipped into his mouth, moaning into him. He fucked Chyna faster, driving the whore into his girlfriend's pussy. Exhilaration filled him; Kyle knew Christy was going to be his wife; she could handle sharing him with other women.

He let his hands slide down, groping her tits through her shirt. She grabbed them, and moved them away, breaking the kiss. "Not until tonight," she moaned.

"Why wait!" he gasped, pleasure from Chyna's tight ass making it hard to think. "I love you, Christy. I want to be with you!"

Indecision filled her face. "No. I want our first time to be special! Not in a broom closet!"

He was about to point out the hypocrisy of that statement, when Chyna came again, her ass convulsing about his cock as her moans were muffled by Christy's snatch. His girlfriend gasped, hazel eyes widening, then she shook.

"Oh, wow!" she gasped. "She is good at that!"

"Did you cum?"

She nodded, then leaned over and whispered in his ear, "Cum in the bitch's ass! I want to watch her lick your cock clean!"

"I want that too, Master!" his slave exclaimed from beneath Christy's skirt.

His balls boiled over and he flooded her ass full of his cum. He kissed Christy as he thrust the last, few times into Chyna's ass, emptying his balls. He popped out and her asshole gaped obscenely open for a moment, oozing white spunk, before the slut whirled around and licked his dirty cock.

"You are the best girlfriend," he panted, hugging her to him as his slave licked him clean.

"Wait until tonight," she promised.

He kissed her again, then realized what she had said. "Are you ... bi, Christy?"

She squirmed. "Why do you ask?"

"You said Chyna was good at pussy licking..."

"I am," she answered after a moment. "I've been with girls before. But never a guy. You're not..." Fear and pain crept into her face.

"No," he quickly answered, giving her a quick kiss. "I think that makes me love you more. I think I'm growing fond of having more than one woman."

Aaliyah's mind kept going back to her dream and the rat. Last night, her homnoculi had killed someone's familiar. Someone with power was hunting her, and now she'd had that dream. Fear nibbled at her heart; she had thought there would be time to get Kyle ready. A whole year before he would turn eighteen, but now she was afraid things were going to happen to fast.

Stretched out on the sitting room floor where four weapons. She had conjured the sitting room mere heartbeats ago; Aaliyah had spent the morning expanding his pocket realm, adding this central room, then she created a room for herself and moved Fatima's bedroom into the realm. There was space to add his other two wives their own rooms, as well as a commune area for any concubines to share.

She stared at the four weapons. She was sure Kyle would choose the sword, and reached out to touch the Earthbones Scimitar, a magnificent weapon forged of Damascus steel and inlaid with yellow gold markings. A weapon fit for a Sultan. Beside it lay the Fireheart Qanah, a cavalry spear inlaid with red gold; the Waterclaw Janbiya, a short, curved dagger inlaid with blue gold; and the Windfeather Hijazi, a composite horsebow made of sandalwood and inlaid with green gold.

He would need three warriors to award these weapons to, his champions to help him defeat the Marid and free the Djinn. She reverently picked up each weapon, and hung them on a blank wall. Each coursed with the power of one of the four elements. She liked the scimitar the best; she was a Jann, made of dust blowing in the wind. The janbiya made her skin crawl. It was water, the element of the Marid. Water and Earth had long warred against each other, Earth always giving way before the incessant force of Water.

Kyle would change that.

A door opened downstairs. Her husband and sister-wife were home. She smiled, and went downstairs to greet them. She loved them both and, while they were different, they both had generous, caring hearts. Aaliyah had been prepared for a husband that only cared for the power she brought him, not for a husband, let alone a wife, that loved her for whom she was.

"You look so handsome," Aaliyah purred as he stared in the mirror.

"You think so?" Kyle asked.

Fatima nodded, giving him a thumbs up. "You are so yummy, bro. Shame it's wasted on your girlfriend. She better put out tonight."

He had on his best pair of jeans, and a nice shirt tucked into his pants. Over that he wore an unbuttoned dress shirt. He always found getting ready for a date to be a little stressful. He didn't want to look like a slob when he picked up Christy, but his fashion sense wasn't always the greatest.

Aaliyah kissed him on the lips. "Have fun, my love."

"Go get her, brother!" Fatima beamed. "I want to hear all the juicy details about how she fucks!"

He practically sped his car to Christy's house. It was raining again, so he grabbed his umbrella and hurried to her door. Christy looked gorgeous in a ruffled, black skirt, black tights, and a tight, red top with a V neckline beneath her thick jacket. Her hair was done up into curls and he held the umbrella up as they walked to his car.

He took her to Red Robin for dinner. It wasn't the most romantic place, but it was their favorite restaurant to eat at. They laughed and talked and during dinner, her foot rubbed against his leg, while she grinned at him. The movie Kyle took her to was a chick flick, something to get her in the mood so she'd put out. He loved Christy, and he wanted to share that love physically with her, and though she had promised that they were going all the way tonight, he didn't want to take any chances

"It's so empty," Christy giggled when the movie started. "We have it all to ourselves. How weird for a Friday night."

It wasn't weird. Kyle had made a wish.

They spent the first thirty minute's making out, neither caring about the movie as their tongues fenced. Kyle found his hand on her breast, squeezing them through her top; she squirmed in her seat, and kissed him back with a great deal of passion. Her hand rubbed up his thigh, working it up to the hard bulge in his pants.

Even over the movie, Kyle could hear the sound of his zipper rasping open. Her hand reached in, soft and warm, and drew out his cock. She stroked it, her mouth kissing him harder. He groaned, his cock at full mast, her thumb rubbing along the sensitive tip.

"I love you," she whispered, then bent down and sucked his cock into her lips.

It was an awkward blowjob. But his girlfriend was finally giving something up to him, and that made it amazing. Her tongue was stiff, and her head moved awkwardly. He rubbed his hands through her hair, leaning back in the seat, and groaning.

"Wow, Christy! That's great!"

She seemed to become more sure, his praise giving her confidence, and she sucked harder. He shut his eyes and enjoyed her hummer. Every time she sucked, the cum in his balls came closer and closer to flooding her mouth.

"I gonna cum!" he groaned.

She sucked harder. His body shuddered as his cum rushed out of him, back arching into the chair. He could feel her throat working as she swallowed. She sat up, gasping for breath, a little bit of cum on her lips.

"Wow. That was ... interesting."

"It was amazing! I love you so much!"

She blushed, licking her lips, then shifted in her seat. "It got me so damned horny."

"Maybe I could help," Kyle answered, kissing her neck. "I could return the favor."

Christy couldn't contain her amazement as her boyfriend slid down onto the movie theater's floor and reached under her skirt. She raised her hips, letting him pull down her tights and frilly, pink underwear. Her scent filled her nose—the tangy musk of her lust. She lifted her skirt up and he buried his face between her legs.

"Oh, wow!" she gasped as he took a lick.

It was different than having a girl lick her. His tongue was more forceful, digging from her hole to her clit with one swipe, and his lips and chin were rough with stubble, irritating her wonderfully as he rooted around in her folds. Her hips jerked in pleasure and she moaned again.

"Oh, Kyle! I love you! Keep doing that!" she moaned.

His tongue wiggled inside her, igniting the nerves in her body. She gripped his hair; her hips writhed, grinding her sensitive flesh against his stubbled cheeks. Electricity shot through her. She couldn't stop moaning, her passion louder than the movie. She clapped a hand over her mouth, afraid the projectionist would hear her.

He found her clit. She erupted.

"Oh, Kyle," she panted as her orgasm quaked through her. She shuddered a second time, and gasped for air as he rose up.

He kissed her; she enjoyed her tangy flavor on his lips. She savored their kiss, and felt an itch returning between her thighs.

"I don't know about you," she husked, "but I'm so horny. Let's go to my place."

She laughed at the look of excitement in his eyes, and he practically dragged her out of the theater. She barely had time to pull her panties and tights up. They giggled and laughed, drawing looks from the crowded theater as they pressed through the crowd in the lobby. Why was the theater empty if it's so busy? she briefly wondered, then Kyle kissed her and drove that question out of her mind.

Her boyfriend sped back to her house. She texted Iseul on the ride over. "U crzy," she sent back. "He cheatd on u!!"

Anger seethed in her briefly. She hated whomever cast that spell on her boyfriend and Chyna. It wasn't Kyle or Chyna's fault that they had their 'relationship', and she had to admit she enjoyed sharing in it. But she wasn't going to let something out of their control ruin her own relationship with this amazing guy.

Her stomach started roiling as they pulled into her driveway. The enormity of it all fell upon her. I'm going to lose my virginity, she realized in awe. She glanced at Kyle, his round, handsome face full of strength and his dark, almond-shaped eyes full of love. He grinned at her, and reached out and squeezed her hand.

"I'll be gentle," he promised.

She relaxed. He's the one. He'll never hurt me. Guilt bubbled up inside her. Tomorrow night, Ms Franklin would want to claim her fully, fucking her with a strap-on like she had been promising for months now. She couldn't hide behind her virginity any longer. There has to be a way out of this hole I dug.

"We don't have to do this," Kyle promised, cupping her face, sensing her turmoil even if he didn't know the source. "If you don't want to."

"I want to," she whispered back. Tonight, she would be all his.

It had stopped raining during the movie, and they had to navigate a few puddles in her driveway. She had him park down the street. She wanted him to spend the night and had just the spell in mind to let her get away with this.

"Goddess Hecate, I beseech you," Christy prayed, startling Kyle, the porch glinting off her amber necklace. "Blind my parents this night and allow our love to be hidden from them."

Kyle kept his face straight, wanting to respect his girlfriend's new-found religion. It did seem silly to him. Of course, his mom prayed to Jesus and God, and that seemed equally as ridiculous to him.

"I want you to spend the night," she whispered. "I want to ... make love to you."

"What about your parents?"

"The Goddess will hide us," she answered, rolling her eyes.

Kyle had his doubts, so he sent a thought to Aaliyah and wished for her parents to not disturb them.

Fatima has a message for you, she sent after performing the wish. Make her scream your name when she cums!

That brought a grin to his lips.

"What are you grinning about?" Christy asked.

"I'm going to make you scream my name when you climax."

She blushed beet red. "I think I'd like that."

They quietly tiptoed to her room. Her parents room was on the first floor, while Christy's room was upstairs. He winced every time the stair creaked, certain her parents would investigate, but Aaliyah's wish seemed to be working. It wasn't his first time in her bedroom, but it was the first time she closed and locked the door. It was a girly room, stuffed animals on the bed, and posters of Justin Bieber and One Direction covered the wall. A hairbrush lay on her nightstand next to her bed, and he always wondered if she brushed her hair or used it as an impromptu dildo.

Maybe both.

They sank on her bed, kissing. Then she stood up to put on some music, more boy band garbage, but he was too horny to care. She swayed in front of him, smiling, and pulled off her top. Her bra was frilly, powder-blue, and thin enough he could see the shadow of her nipples. She pealed off her tights and dropped her skirt.

"You are beautiful," he whispered, reaching out to caresses her stomach.

Her hands reached behind her back; her bra slipped off her shoulders, and her perky tits came into view. They were smaller than Aaliyah's and bigger than Fatima's, topped with mauve nipples, tiny and cute, and erect. He pulled her to him and captured a nipple, sucking on it. She moaned, cradling his head.

"Oh, Kyle! That feels great!"

Her hands pushed off his dress shirt, then Christy grasped the t-shirt and pulled it over his head. She grinned, running her hands across his lean, muscular chest. Kendo left Kyle in great shape. They kissed, tongues dancing, and he laid her down on her bed. Her hazel eyes shone with desire as she stared up at him.

So beautiful

Kyle captured a nipple with his lips, enjoying the feel of the little nub on his tongue. His hands explored her sides, tracing her silky panties until he found the warmth between her legs. He rubbed her, moisture beading through as her excitement grew. He wanted to taste her again, and kissed down her stomach.

Christy's tangy scent grew as he kissed across her pale stomach. He hooked two fingers in her panties, and drew them off her hips. He tossed them to the floor and gazed at her pussy in the light of her bedroom. He'd seen a lot of cunts on the internet, and hers was beautiful. Tight slit covered by a neatly trimmed down of brown hair. Her excitement glistened on the hairs and Kyle breathed deeply of her passion.

He spread her open. Pink, moist flesh spasmed as she twitched in desire. He buried his face in, tongue brushing against her hymen. He loved her taste and the soft gasps that escaped her lips as she writhed on her bed. She cried out his name, hips rotating as her passion mounted. He moved his lips up, sucking on her clit.

She went wild. Bucking and screaming and grinding on his face. Juices squirted into his lips, her breasts heaved and jiggled. Aaliyah's wish definitely worked; her scream could have awakened the entire neighborhood but her parents didn't come barging in.

"I'm ready, Kyle!" she moaned.

He pushed his pants and boxes down, his hard cock springing out, precum leaking out of the tip. She licked her lips, and he remembered just how sweet they had felt on his cock. He crawled up her body, nipping at her tits, then kissing her.

Her limbs wrapped around him, pulling him tight into her embrace. He rubbed his cock along her slit, pressing against her hymen. He pushed; her virginity holding for moment, stretching but not tearing. Christy moaned, her fingernails biting into his back. He thrust, ripping through, and was buried into her amazing depths.

"Oh, wow!" she gasped in awe, then she purred. "Umm, what are you waiting for?"

He pumped inside her. She kissed him, her hips twitching, her hard nipples rubbing against his chest. She felt different inside than Fatima, Aaliyah, or Chyna. He picked up the pace, deep, hard strokes that made her gasp every time he bottomed out.

"Christy!" he grunted.

His pace grew faster, his passion mounting. He was finally fucking his girlfriend. She was lithe and wet and wonderful beneath him. Her lips kissed and teased him, her hands roamed his back, sometimes clawing as her passion overwhelmed her. She came first, bucking and gasping, her tight sheath massaging his shaft.

"Harder!" she moaned. "Make me really cum!"

He rose up, hooking her legs with his arms, kneeling, and pounded her snatch hard. Her tits flopped. She moaned and bucked as his balls slapped her ass. She reached out, squeezing his pecs, running her hands up his abs. Her face contorted; her gasps became higher pitch.

"Gonna cum!" she muttered. "Gonna cum!"

She sat up, wrapping her arms around his neck, humping against his thrusts, holding him tight. She gasped and moaned in his ear.

"Kyle," she groaned. "Kyle, Kyle." Her cunt clamped down on his cock, and she shrieked at the top of her lungs, "Kyle!"

"Shit!" he groaned as her tight cunt milked his cock, trying to suck his cum straight from his balls. "Gonna cum, Christy! I need to pull out!"

"I'm on the pill!" she moaned. "Cum in me! I want to feel you inside me!"

He buried in her. His climax surged through him. He roared her name as his balls unloaded four large blasts. They collapsed onto her bed, his body on top of hers. She hugged him, gasping and sighing softly as her orgasm faded

"I love you," she whispered.

"I love you, Christy." In his mind, he added, And I love Aaliyah and Fatima, and maybe even Fumi.

Fumi stared at the lovely, teal dress spread out on her bed. She had bought it this afternoon for her date with Unmei-san tomorrow. Her heart beat rapidly; he was such a handsome boy. His Japanese heritage mixed with some exotic blood that made him appear both strong and virile, and gentle and loving.

"What are you doing?" her mother asked.

"I have a date tomorrow," she answered.

"Oh, Fumi," her mother sighed, hugging her from behind. "Not again. Didn't you learn from those two boys in Japan."

"He's special, mother. I can feel it."

"You thought that about Shiro and Kenji," her mother pointed out. "Your father had to take this demotion to get us out of Japan because of them."

For a moment grief overwhelmed her heart. She had loved both boys, and thought they were special, that they would be strong enough to survive her race's curse. They had been so eager, so loving, as they enjoyed her embrace.

"I'll go slow, mother," Fumi answered. "I will make sure he's the one."

"Only one in a million humans can survive our embrace," her mother whispered. "I was lucky to find your father, but..."

"I'll go slow," she insisted forcefully.

"You said that about Kenji. You couldn't control yourself."

No! The memory of Kenji's face, twisted in joy as he spilled himself in her and then the horror as she drank the life from him. "Kyle's special. I'm sure this time!"

He just had to be. She was so horny. She needed a man to spill inside her again, even if it killed him.
Chapter 5 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 4 |   Bottom
Chapter 5: The Appetite of the Succubus
Posted: September 27, 2014 - 09:38:17 am
Updated: October 02, 2014 - 08:23:31 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Saturday, January 17th

Kyle couldn't help but admire how beautiful Christy was as she slept curled up next to him. He had finally made love to his girlfriend last night, and she had been as lithe and eager as Aaliyah and Fatima had been. Would Fumi be as good?

In the last few days, since he had freed Aaliyah from her lamp, Kyle had found himself in love with not just his girlfriend, but the sexy Genie, his sister, and Fumi, a girl he had met once. But she was so gorgeous. His thoughts drifted to the graceful beauty of Fumi, with her long, blue-black hair that framed her porcelain, pale-olive face.

He felt his cock stirring. Thanks to a wish he had made with Aaliyah, his cock always seemed ready to fuck. Christy shifted, rolling over, letting out the cutest sigh. He rubbed his cock against her ass, tempted to wake her up and see if she was up for another go. But he didn't have the heart to disturb her sleep.

I wish there was some girl I could fuck, he thought, sighing, and tried to ignore his erection.

Done!

Aaliyah appeared in bed, her naked body pressing against his back. Her breasts were full, and her were nipples hard as they rubbed against him. She nuzzled against his neck and cheek, her breath was hot and her lips wet as they nibbled on his ear.

"I'm ready for you, my love," she purred.

"Make sure Christy doesn't notice you," Kyle told her, rolling over. He didn't think his girlfriend would like finding another girl in her bed fucking her boyfriend, even if Christy seemed to be okay with sharing him with Chyna, his sex slave. I still don't know who cast the spell on Chyna.

"She'll sleep through it," Aaliyah grinned, her eyebrows arching.

The mystery of Chyna could wait—he had a lithe, beautiful Genie to pleasure. Aaliyah's lips were sweet as he kissed her, and his hands found her tits, enjoying their soft plumpness. She was gorgeous, with dusky skin, more brown than Kyle's dark olive, with sultry eyes and thick lashes. The Genie's hands traced the muscles of Kyle's chest, melting into her husband's kiss.

He wrapped his arms around her, and rolled onto his back, pulling her with him. Her body was light as she lay on his chest, her legs spreading to straddle his waist; his cock nudged into the warm wetness between her thighs.

"How was she?" Aaliyah purred in his ear, rubbing her slick pussy against his cock.

"Amazing," Kyle answered. "As great as you and my sister."

The Genie beamed. "Good. I want all your women to keep you satisfied. And did you make her scream your name?"

It was Kyle's turn to grin, proud of how hard he had made Christy cum. "We made each other howl!"

"Then it's my turn!"

The Genie's hand reached beneath her, grasping his cock and guiding it to the entrances of her pussy. She pushed back, sliding him inside her. She was tight and warm and spongy wet. Kyle moaned, lifting his hips to thrust his cock deeper inside her. She rocked on him, her tits sliding across his chest as she writhed.

"Fuck, Aaliyah! Jesus, that's good!"

"How about when I do this?"

She added a roll to her hips, a sexy twist that sent his cock nudging new parts inside her. "Holy shit! Keep doing that! I love it!"

"Do you love me?" his wife asked.

"Yes, yes!" he moaned. "I love you!"

She rose up, her round breasts topped with dark nipples that jiggled and bounced as she rode him. Christy's bedsprings creaked, the bed rocking. Christy rolled over and fear spiked through Kyle. Shit. Aaliyah's power didn't work! Kyle braced himself for his girlfriend's eruption.

Instead, she hugged him, her small breasts rubbing against his chest. She murmured something, laying her head on his chest, and seemed to fall back asleep. Kyle relaxed, kissed her forehead, and held his sleeping girlfriend as his wife rode his cock and moaned like a banshee.

"Oh, Kyle! Your cock's driving me wild!"

His right arm cradled Christy, so Kyle reached with his left and pinched Aaliyah's nipple. She gasped, bucking harder on him. "You like that?" he asked.

"Oh, yes!"

He pinched and pulled, her cunt tightening on his cock, then she yelled his name at the top of her lungs. Christy kept right on sleeping as the Genie screamed her passion, Aaliyah's cunt spasming about his cock as she climaxed, doing amazing things to his dick.

Her chest heaved; her hips slowed. "Umm, that was wonderful, husband."

Kyle enjoyed her slow strokes. It was almost agony as her cunt rose up and down on his cock. The pleasure grew and grew; his hips twitched, then drove his cock upwards into her sheath as she came down. She gasped, her clit grinding into his groin.

"Keep doing that and I'm going to flood your pussy," Kyle grunted.

She grinned, a sultry hunger burning in her dark eyes. He hugged Christy tighter, her warm body pressed against him, a hard, pink nipple topping a pale breast lying on his chest. He pinched it, and she shifted, squirming in her sleep. He could feel her pussy grow hot and damp, pressing against his hip.

"Kyle," Christy sighed, eyes rapidly moving beneath her eyelids.

He grinned. She's having a sex dream about me.

Her hips rubbed harder, smearing her tangy juices on his thigh. He could smell both women's arousal—Christy's tang and Aaliyah's spice. A flood of wetness smeared his hip and his girlfriend shuddered, cumming in her sleep.

"Fuck!" Kyle groaned. his balls ready to burst. "Aaliyah!"

He flooded her cunt, his entire body tensing as he flooded her depths. He gasped for air, pulling his wife down and kissing her lush lips. She slid to his left, never breaking their kiss, and curled up against him, sandwiching Kyle between both teens. He held them both, two of his four loves. The pleasure bled out of his body, leaving behind exhaustion.

He closed his eyes and fell asleep.

Christy woke up, a warm body next to hers. Kyle's. She hugged him, enjoying the warmth of her boyfriend's solid form. Last night had been magical. Her boyfriend had been an attentive lover. She'd heard horror stories of other girl's first times, complaining of the pain and the guy lasting just a minute before cumming. And once the boy got his rocks off, he was uninterested in returning the favor.

Not Kyle. He made me scream his name, she thought with a fond smile.

She sat up, stretching. And blinked. Did I just see another girl sleeping in my bed? She rubbed her eyes. No, there was no-one sleeping on the other side of Kyle. I guess I wasn't fully awake.

Her sheets had pulled back and her boyfriends half-hard cock rising out of a forest of dark-brown, curly hair. She smiled, admiring his muscular body. He had the lean build of a runner—toned, but not the overdeveloped muscles of a bodybuilder. She stroked his abs, her fingers moving down to toy with his pubic hair. Then she grasped his cock, fascinated by it. Long, smooth, with a wrinkled, mushroom-shaped head that leaked a clear liquid as it hardened beneath her strokes.

She leaned down and sucked it into her mouth. She tasted something faint. Pussy juices, but spicier than hers, like he had just fucked another woman. But, no, he was with me all night. How could another woman's juices be on his cock? Mine must have grown spicier as they dried.

She bobbed her head, looking up at his face, eager to see his expression when he woke up.

The warm, wet suction drew Kyle from his dream.

"Christy," he moaned, opening his eyes and seeing her curly, brown hair and hazel eyes.

She grinned around his cock.

"What an eager girl," giggled Aaliyah, waking up beside him. "She's perfect. When will you introduce us?"

"Monday!" groaned Kyle.

"What's Monday?" frowned Christy, his cock popping out of her mouth.

"Monday?" Kyle asked, mind whirling. "Oh, there's someone I want you to meet. I don't know why it popped into my head right now."

"Oh, okay." Her warm mouth engulfed him.

"God, that feels great," he groaned. "I love you so much."

"I think you're going to love me more in a moment," she promised. "I think you're ready."

"For what?"

"There's a bottle of lube in my nightstand drawer." She took a deep breath as he opened it. "I want you to take all my firsts. You were my first blowjob and I want you to be the first to fuck me in the ass."

His smile exploded across his lips. "You're right, I do love you more now!"

"So I read about this," she smiled, laying on her stomach, sliding a pillow beneath her, and raising up her pale ass. He grinned as she wiggled her lush rump in excitement. "Lube your cock and then use your fingers to lube my ass."

The lube was cherry flavored and slightly pink. And cold. He slathered it on his cock, almost losing his hard-on, but her ass was too inviting to soften now. He squeezed a generous gob on his finger, then spread her butt-cheeks. Her asshole was cute, brown, and he couldn't help kissing it.

"Ohh, that was nice," Christy purred.

"I love this girl," Aaliyah smiled. She was sitting on the bed, her legs spread and Christy's face almost in her snatch. His girlfriend was still unaware of Aaliyah's presence. It was so hot watching the sexy Genie masturbating inches from her unknowing lips. "She's made to be our wife."

Kyle grinned back, then worked some lube into her ass. He kissed her ass, tasting sour mixed with sweet cherry, and shoved his tongue inside. Christy tensed and gasped, then relaxed as he tongued her. He alternated tonguing and fingering her, until he could easily work two fingers in and out of her. His cock ached; he could wait no longer.

"Fuck her ass!" purred Aaliyah.

"Fuck my ass!" begged Christy.

Kyle chuckled. "It's such a beautiful ass. I'm powerless to resist it!"

He guided his lubed cock to her hole. He pushed, her asshole resisting. She groaned as he popped inside. He slowly worked himself all the way in, her breathing coming in short, ragged pants punctuated with gasps.

"Oh, fuck!" Christy cursed. "That's different!"

"You feel wonderful," Kyle whispered in her ear, slowly pumping in and out of her. "So tight."

"You have no idea how big you feel!" she moaned. "But it feels kinda nice."

Aaliyah's fingers danced across her slit, one hand pinching her clit, while the other pumped fingers in and out of her pink hole. He watched her masturbation, pumping faster and faster into his girlfriend's ass.

"Oh, Kyle!" moaned Christy.

"Make her scream!" gasped Aaliyah.

The bedsprings creaked and groaned as he fucked her harder and faster. Her ass was tight and oh-so-hot. Christy gasped every time he bottomed out in her, writhing her hips. She moaned his name, her cries growing louder and louder.

"Fuck her, fuck her, fuck her!" Aaliyah screamed, her full tits heaving and juices erupted from her cunt, squirting into Christy's face. His girlfriend didn't seen to notice the pussy juices dripping from her face.

"Kyle! Harder! Gonna cum!" Christy moaned.

"So am I!" Kyle gasped. "Your ass feels amazing!"

"Cum with me!" she begged. "I'm so close! You're driving my clit into the pillow! Harder! Harder!"

He pounded her ass as hard as he could, the entire bed shaking. His balls, slapping against her cunt, tightened, ready to erupt. He gritted his teeth, fighting off the urge. He slammed into her ass once, twice, and then she came. Her ass squeezed down on his cock, so hard, the friction as he drove into her driving him wild with ecstasy.

"Shit!" he grunted and then unloaded in her.

He buried into her, holding her tight as they trembled in passion together, sharing this moment of bliss. Kyle collapsed on his girlfriend, holding her and nuzzling her neck. She turned her head and they kissed, her lips spicy with Aaliyah's passion.

"Wow," Kyle breathed.

"Uh-huh," she gasped. Both too drained to speak. They just held each other.

Aaliyah vanished, and the two teens cuddled, dozing in each other's arms. They would have spent the entire day in there, but someone banged on the door, yelling breakfast. They both tensed in panic, but then Kyle remembered his wish, and relaxed. So did Christy. He was surprised by that, then remembered what she had done last night She 'prayed' to that goddess. Christy had gotten into Wiccan a few months back, worshiping Hecate, and now and seemed to think she could cast spells.

What if she could? Someone had cast that spell on Chyna? He gave a dismissive chuckle at the thought of Christy casting a spell. She couldn't be the one since she isn't pleased with how Chyna acts around me. It has to be someone that wanted to break us up. Only one name popped into his head: Braiden. The asshole who used to his friend until he had made a pass at Christy.

Kyle decided to keep a watch out for Braiden.

"I guess you got to go," Christy sighed.

"Yeah, I have some training to do today."

"At the dojo?" Christy frowned.

"No, no. A, um, friend is coming over to spar."

She kissed him. "Well, have fun. I love you." A second kiss. "Umm, I love you so much." A third kiss, full of heat.

"C'mon, Christy!" her mother yelled.

"Coming, Mom!" she shouted in annoyance.

"I love you, too," he told her.

Kyle sneaked out as Christy walked into the kitchen and loudly spoke with her parents. Kyle walked a few blocks down the street to where his car waited and drove home. He found Fatima getting her pussy licked by Aaliyah, his Genie wife tied up and her ass red and freshly spanked.

"What's this?" Kyle asked.

"She didn't bring me with her," his little sister pouted. "So I had to punish her."

"It was so bad of me!" Aaliyah moaned, then dived back into his sister's pussy.

A smile broadened Fatima's beautiful face, lust shining in her almond-shaped eyes. "So how was your date? Did you make her scream?"

Kyle related the entire date as his sister straddled him and rode him cowgirl style. She fucked him hard, her pussy on fire, and she screamed his name before they were finished, collapsing on his chest. Satisfied, Fatima finally untied Aaliyah.

"So you wanted to train me?" Kyle asked.

"Yes," the Genie nodded, yellow silks sprang around her naked body. "The back yard should do. I was sent to fulfill an alliance with the Mortal who could defeat the Marids and free the Djinn."

"Right." A bit of fear bubbled inside him. "And that's me?" How can I save the Djinn?

"Yes. So I was sent with weapons. You need to learn to use them." She shifted, taking a deep breath. "Something is searching for me. I need you to make a wish, husband."

He looked at her in concern. "What kind?"

"Wish for your home to be protected." Her eyes fixed on him. "My homunculi killed a familiar."

"A what?"

"An animal that is under the control of a witch or sorcerer. It was searching for something and stank of foul magic. It was dispatched, but next time, the familiar may get away and report back to its master."

"I wish my home to be protected."

Relief flashed across Aaliyah's face. "Done."

"So what is this threat?"

"I know not. Magic is not an area I've studied. It could be a mortal servant of the Marids. They had spies in my father's court and ... well, my lamp was misplaced on my journey. That is why you need to train. To protect your family."

Kyle put a hand on her shoulder. "I'll protect you, Aaliyah."

"Me, too!" Fatima exclaimed, giving a little jump and whoop. "I know how to fight just as well as our husband."

Aaliyah smiled and nodded. "Well, let's get started."

He gave his mom a hug as they passed in the hallway, then he and his two wives trooped outside. Aaliyah summoned four weapons with the wave of her hand. They were magnificent weapons, all clearly Arabic: an ornate scimitar, the blade inlaid with bright gold; a short spear, the haft and slim spear-point etched with a strange, red metal; a curved dagger, inlaid with a blue metal; and what looked like a recurve horsebow, the limbs inlaid with green metal.

"Choose one, my husband," Aaliyah purred. "With these you shall free my people from oppression."

Kyle swallowed, the fear growing. "I'm only seventeen. How am I supposed to do that."

"You're a fighter," she answered. "I can see it in your bearing. The blood of warriors and kings flows through your veins. And you awakened me, proving that you are the one person who can save my people. So please choose your weapon, my husband."

"And who are these other weapons for?" Fatima asked, eyeing the spear.

"Great warriors that will serve our husband," Aaliyah answered.

"Men?"

Aaliyah nodded at her wife. "Of course. Who else would be warriors?"

The scimitar drew Kyle's gaze. I know how to fight with a katana, and I could learn how to fight with the curved sword. He walked over, grasping it in his hand. The sword seemed to come alive in his hand and he could feel its power—the blade was as ancient and implacable as a mountain. It glowed yellow, transforming into molten light. The weight shifted, like the balance of the sword was somehow changing. The hilt morphed in his hand, becoming familiar.

The light died.

He held a beautiful katana in his hand, perfectly balanced and gleaming in the weak, January sunlight peaking through a gap in the gray clouds. He couldn't help swinging it. This weapon was made for me. A name seemed to rise up in his mind—Earthbones.

"Oh, wow!" Fatima gasped.

Aaliyah nodded in satisfaction. "I am glad you choose that weapon. It is of the Jann, of the earth."

Fatima walked over to the spear, a grin on her face. She reached for it.

"No!" the Genie yelled. "Only the chosen warrior may handle it."

His sister grasped the spear, hefting it. The spear turned into fire in his sister's hands, burning brightly. Aaliyah gasped as the spear lengthened, the point turning into a long, straight blade. The glow faded, and a beautiful yari, a Japanese spear, was in his sister's hand. She smiled, and then preformed a complicated kata, swinging the spear about and punctuating her thrusts with loud yells. She was so graceful, her black hair dancing about her, fire glinting on the blade's metal.

"I guess I'm a chosen warrior," Fatima declared, eyes burning with defiance.

"You are," Aaliyah blushed darkly. "I forget how ... progressive this time is. Progressive, that is the word?"

"Yeah," Kyle answered.

"I beg your forgiveness, my sister-wife."

Fatima walked over and gave her a kiss. "Forgiven."

"Each weapon represents an element," Aaliyah started to explain. "The sword is earth and..."

"Mine is fire!" Fatima chimed in. "Her name is Fireheart."

"You should be able to sense the element associated with your weapon around you," Aaliyah continued. "Listen to the song of your weapon, let it guide your soul. For Kyle, you must command the earth, and Fatima, you must share your passion with the fire."

The ground beneath his feet felt alive, strong and proud, willing to submit if he had the strength to dominate it.

Christy trembled as she pulled up at Ms. Franklin's house. The sun was setting. She had spent her Saturday dreading this moment. She's going to fuck me now. I made my oath, and now I have no excuses to keep me from submitting. She didn't regret letting Kyle take her virginity—how could she regret such a wonderful night—but she wasn't looking forward to Celestite's appetite.

I made this choice, and I have to live with it. It was worth it to save my mom's life. But she desperately wished there was a way out. That Kyle could save her from the teacher's clutches. Then they could live happily ever after.

Clenching her teeth, she walked up to the door. Sable Purcell arrived at the same time. There was a knowing smile on her orange face—Sable used a spray-on tan that looked absolutely horrifying—and lust in her green eyes.

"Hello, Amber," she purred. "Did you let your boyfriend pluck your cherry last night?"

Amber was Christy's coven name. It was the color of her aura. Not the most powerful aura—she knew only one person with a diamond aura, her boyfriend—but not the weakest. Tourmaline, Sable's aura and coven-name, was one step above her own.

"Yes," Christy answered, unable to suppress her smile as joy bubbled inside her. Then it faded as Ms. Franklin, or Celestite as she was supposed to be called, opened the door for the two teen girls. There was a predatory hunger in the teachers green eyes.

"You're mine tonight," she purred, stroking Christy's face. "I can see your newfound womanhood painted on your face."

Christy took a deep breath. "I swore my oaths, and am no longer a maiden. By the ancient laws, I submit myself to you, Celestite."

The teacher captured her lips in a kiss. Christy tried not to squirm and forced herself to kiss the teacher back. Then she was pulled inside. Ms. Franklin slipped off the silk robe she wore, revealing her lush, naked form. Sable and Christy undressed while their coven leader feasted on their nubile figures with her eyes.

"The other's are all here," Ms. Franklin purred, pulling Christy to her. The teacher's hands slid down her side to cup the teen's perky ass, giving her a good squeeze.

Christy's heart beat faster and faster as they walked down the stairs. She was going to be fucked by Ms. Franklin's strap-on. Before she had only had her pussy licked and had to lick out the teacher's cunt. And while getting her pussy licked was wonderful, and she had grown to like the taste of a girl's passion, letting the teacher fuck her with the strap-on seemed too much like cheating on Kyle.

But I don't have a choice. It's not really cheating if I don't want to do it, right?

"Don't be so scared," the teacher purred in the teen's ears. "I'll make you cum far harder than that boyfriend of yours did!"

Christy didn't think that was possible. Last night had been ... magical.

"Summoned, so have I appeared," first Christy, then Sable, intoned upon reaching the bottom of the stairs. "I fulfill my oaths of fealty to the Coven and present myself naked so you can see the proof of my womanhood."

The other four members of their coven—Onyx, Garnet, Jade, and Opal—waited in around the seven pointed star inscribed on the floor in white chalk. Christy went to her position, Opal on her right and Sable on her left. Ms. Franklin stepped up to her place.

"The circle is complete," Ms. Franklin pronounced. "Tonight, we shall attempt a powerful scrying spell. Christy shall be our Oracle."

The teen swallowed, and stepped obediently into the circle. Opal fetched a black strap-on and assisted the teacher in donning her tool. Christy knelt, presenting herself to be used by the teacher. She shuddered as Ms. Franklin's hand traced the globe of her ass, then reached between her thighs and pressed into her pussy. To her disgust, warm pleasure tingled through her and her pussy moistened.

I'm sorry, Kyle.

"Great Goddess Hecate, we beseech you!" intoned Ms. Franklin, the tip of her dildo rubbing against the petals of Christy's pussy, building the sexual energy to power the spell. "Send to us your daughter Prophecy and inhabit this willing vessel."

Christy swallowed, and intoned, "Come upon me Prophecy, daughter of Hecate, and possess me so that my Circle may see beyond time and space."

The dildo thrust into Christy. She gasped, pleasure tingling through her. The teacher pulled out so slow, and a low moan escaped her lips. There were ridges on the dildo that ignited every nerve inside her pussy. I'm sorry, Kyle. I'm so sorry for enjoying this!

She hated herself for enjoying the pleasure burning inside her. Christy tossed back her head, moaning like a wanton bitch as the strap-on pumped inside her. Her pussy was on fire with lust. She had never felt so horny in her life. She needed to cum. I'm so sorry! I'm just a dirty whore! I'm so sorry, Kyle! She was thrusting her hips back, her breasts swaying as she fucked Ms. Franklin.

"Make me cum!" she moaned, feeling more disgusted. "Make me cum, Celestite!"

"You're my whore, aren't you," the teacher purred, stroking Christy's back.

I'm sorry, Kyle! "I'm your whore! Please make me cum!" she screamed. Why am I saying this? Why do I feel so out of control? "I'll do anything for you! Please let me cum, Celestite!"

"You're my pretty slave, aren't you?"

That wonderful dildo kept sawing in and out of her pussy. The fire consumed her thoughts, driving everything from her but a desperate needed to please Celestite and cum. "Yes! Your slave! Let me cum, Mistress!"

"Then you'll dump that disgusting boy for me?"

Her mouth opened, about to speak, and then she clamped it shut. No! Remember Kyle! Her boyfriend's face swam in her mind. Something's wrong. She's done something to me. A lust spell? Her lust burned so hot, she could barely think. She needed more, and reached between her thighs, thrumming her clit with her fingers.

"If you dump that boy, you can cum," purred Ms. Franklin.

"No!" she moaned. "No!" I love him!

She frigged her clit faster, imaging it was Kyle fucking her. His loving hands on her back, his wonderful cock pumping in her pussy. Pleasure built and built inside of her, a huge flood that threatened to drown her.

"He cheated on you with Chyna!" Ms. Franklin moaned, fucking her harder. "I saw him!"

A moment of clarity fell on Christy. This is the spell cast on Kyle and Chyna. Ms. Franklin was the bitch that cast the spell on them. She's the one that tried to destroy our relationship! Oh, goddess, what have I gotten myself into?

"He's unworthy of you. Your love is wasted on such a brutish man."

"No! I love him!" she cried out and came.

Prophecy fell upon her.

Her spirit soured out of the house, flying on the black wings of Prophecy. She was above South Hill. Meridian was a ribbon of lights as cars drove north and south, splitting off to go down side streets or pull into the many business that lined the busy boulevard. Houses were lit up by yellow flooding out windows or shining from porches, islands surrounded by dark trees. Prophecy circled the community, flying higher and higher, then saw something.

"A storm of sand billows," Christy intoned in a flat voice.

Prophecy dived and Christy clutched her black feathers as they rushed towards the mass of whirling sand. It covered maybe a half-mile of residential neighborhoods. The sand stung as Prophecy flew into the storm, tearing at her soul; she hunched into the spirit's feathers, trying to shield her spirit from the stinging grit. Everything was indistinct in a yellow haze inside the storm. They flew through a neighborhood, the houses shadows. A light burned at a window at the epicenter.

"A gray house sits at the center of the storm."

Prophecy flew to the window; the sand ripped at her soul and tore black feathers off Prophecy's wings and tail. They alighted on the window sill, peering into a large room. It seemed too large inside, taking up more space than the actual house appeared to from the outside.

"The Djinn lies in a passionate embrace with a girl. They share ecstasy. The girl is not the Djinn's master."

Something scurried on the window sill, a hulking figure made of dust. More scrambled up the siding of the house, their hands shaped into sharp blades that almost gleamed like metal, uncaring eyes fixed on the spirit.

Prophecy fled.

Christy collapsed back into her body. The stone was cold as she quivered. Everyone stared at her, disappointment in their eyes. "Her house is warded," Christy moaned as she writhed, thrust back into her orgasming body. "I couldn't see much details. And she has guardians made of dust. She's powerful."

"Where?"

"South of the High School," Christy answered. "I'm not sure. She's warded an entire half-mile area."

"Dammit!" snarled Ms. Franklin. Christy flinched in fear; for a moment the teacher's hair seemed to burn, surrounding her rage-filled face with fire.

"I'm sorry," she quailed.

Then Ms. Franklin grew calm, her green eyes falling on Christy with hunger. The strap-on slid off her legs, and the teacher walked forward; the teen couldn't help but notice the juices matting the teacher's fiery bush. Ms. Franklin reached out, grasping a handful of her hair, then pulled her face into the teacher's cunt.

"It's alright," Ms. Franklin purred. "Make me cum, and all is forgiven, my sweet Amber."

Christy hated how much she enjoyed the taste of the teacher's pussy. Her tongue licked out over and over as she buried her face into the teacher's snatch. Ms. Franklin moaned appreciatively, fucking her cunt across the teen's face.

"Eat me!" she moaned. "Eat me, slave! Make your mistress cum and all is forgiven!"

"Where are we going, Unmei-san?" Fumi asked as they walked to his car.

She was dressed conservatively in a teal cardigan, buttoned up, underneath a heavy jacket. Her skirt was a dark maroon, falling to her calves, and she wore a pair black boots. Her hair fell straight down her back, a pair of hair clips pinned above the ears. She had a light, airy perfume, smelling faintly of lilies.

"How about Red Robin?" Kyle asked her. "We'll have dinner, then there's this movie playing."

"What is 'Red Robin'?"

He explained that to her as he unlocked his car. He could feel Fumi's mother glaring at him from the window. Clearly, she wasn't happy with her daughter dating him. Maybe she was offended by his attempts to say good evening in Japanese. Kyle had practiced a little before he left the house, but maybe he mispronounced the phrase.

"So what part of Japan are you from?" he asked as he backed out of the driveway.

"Hokkaido," she answered.

"Is that near Tokyo?" Kyle only had the vaguest knowledge of Japan, and felt a flush of shame. My family's from there, you'd think I'd know something?

She shook her head. "It's the northern island. You are part Japanese, yes?"

"Yeah." He said, smiling, and explained about his dad's family immigrating to America in the thirties and his mom's family fleeing from Iraq in the nineties.

She was shy. Every time he tried to ask her questions about herself, he found himself answering her questions. She seemed to want to know everything about him from his Kendo to his school to what sort of music he liked. She seemed genuinely interested in him, and he found himself opening up more and more.

"Lately things have been crazy," he said.

"Oh, how?"

"I..." Kyle realized what he was about to say I married a Genie. "I ... um ... There's been some remolding at my house. So, my sister and I have been sharing a room." A memory of making love to his little sister rose in his thoughts, her passionate cries echoing in his head, and he felt his cock harden.

"I see," she answered, her voice had dropped an octave and had become smoother, sexier. There was crimson flushing her cheeks, and she shifted in the seat. "That sounds ... frustrating."

She licked her lips. I would love to feel those lips about my cock! His nose was filled with her perfume, suddenly so strong, so enticing. He wanted to make love to her right then and now. Just stop his car in the middle of the street and fuck her.

He pulled into the South Hill Mall; the Red Robin shared the Mall's parking lot. His blood boiled with lust and he almost hit an old man as he navigated through the busy parking lot. Wincing, he drove around the cursing man, and tried to pay more attention—it was Saturday evening and the mall was packed. They couldn't even park near the Red Robin, so he found a space in front of Sears.

"Unmei-san," she purred. "Would you like to kiss me?"

He swallowed, surprised by her boldness. "Yes," he answered, leaning over, drawn to her lips.

They were sweet as honey, and as passionate as a hurricane. Her tongue wiggled into his lips, her hands roaming his body, teasing him like a gentle breeze. His own hands found her cardigan, fumbling to unbutton the teal sweater. He reached inside, feeling her small breast through her white blouse and bra.

She pushed him back. "We have to stop, Unmei-san," she panted.

"I don't want to," he said, and kissed her again.

Kyle wasn't sure what had come over him, but she smelled so wonderful, tasted so heavenly, he just couldn't resist her. He had never been so aggressive with a girl before. He barely knew her, and his hands were sliding under her blouse in the busy mall parking lot to feel her tits through her bra. And her hands seemed to roam everywhere on him, stroking his chest, rubbing his bulging crotch, caressing his cheek.

"We must stop!" she moaned between kisses as her hands unzipped his pants.

"Do you want to?" he asked her, his fingers rolling a hard nipple between them. He had pushed the cups of her bra up to get access at her firm tits.

"No!"

His cock was out, and she bent over and sucked him into her mouth. He groaned, stroking her blue-black hair as she bobbed on him. She sucked hard; he groaned. The window's were fogging up, hiding them from the gazes of the shoppers moving through the parking lot.

"Fumi!" he groaned. "Oh, my god! Your mouth!"

She sucked harder. Her tongue swirled around. He squeezed his eyes shut, squirming in his seat. His balls were boiling over. Fumi knew how to suck cock, doing things with her mouth and tongue none of Kyle's other lovers ever had. He thrust his hips up once, and shuddered. His pleasure escaped him, erupting into her hungry mouth. She swallowed noisily and shuddered in the seat, moaning around his cock like she had just cum.

Her scent seemed to lessen, no longer filling his nose so vibrantly. Whatever strange lust had come over him had vanished and he could think again. He opened his mouth to apologize, but she caught him off.

"I hope you do not think I am a ... slut," she blushed, licking her lips. "I do not know what came over me."

"No, no," he answered. "It's my fault. I'm sorry for forcing you. I should have stopped."

"Maybe we both got carried away, Unmei-san" she smiled.

"Kyle," he said. "I think after blowing me, you can use my first name."

She blushed again. She was so beautiful when her light-olive cheeks burned with crimson. "Yes, you are right, Kyle-san."

I need to be more careful, Fumi berated herself as they walked into the restaurant. I need to take it slow and not let my desires overwhelm me! Drinking his cum had helped. It wasn't where her body really craved to absorb his seed, but it would tide her over.

The vast majority of men could survive cumming in her mouth. A lot of men could survive cumming in her ass. Only the right man could survive cumming in her pussy. And she was sure that Kyle was that man.

Just like you were so sure of Shiro and Kenji?

Her blood chilled. If I take it slow, I can figure out if he's the one. "If you find the one," her mother had said, "you will have to take it slow. Start with blowjobs. The more he gets used to you, the sweeter and sweeter he tastes. Then move on to anal sex. Taste the cum that leaks out. When it's sweet, he maybe the man who can survive your pussy."

Fumi envied her mother for finding the one man for her. Guilt still plagued her. She had barely known any better with Shiro, and had let her lust overwhelm her. So with Kenji she had tried to take it slow, but her lust had gotten the better of her, and she had convinced herself that he was ready for her pussy.

There was one more thing Fumi's mother had told her: "If he's not one hundred percent Japanese from Hokkaido, then there is no way he's the one." Kyle wasn't fully Japanese, so how could he be the one for her. She ignored that nagging voice in her head

The date was going far better than Kyle had thought. Fumi turned out to be a far 'friendlier' girl than he could imagine. At Red Robin, Kyle found his eyes staring at her tight blouse and it was almost like she could feel his desire, because she leaned over and whispered in his ear.

"Meet me in the bathroom," she whispered.

He waited a minute, and followed her into the men's room. A guy was using the urinal, but he didn't seem to notice a cute, Japanese girl slipping in followed by her horny date. Kyle sat on the toilet and she knelt down and gave him another mind numbing blowjob. She swallowed, but grimaced.

"Something wrong?"

"Just bitter," she answered. "I hoped it would be a little sweeter."

"Sorry," Kyle muttered.

"Don't be. I needed that."

"I can return the favor," Kyle said, reaching out to lift up her skirt.

She blushed again. "Oh, no. I climaxed when you did. I love cum. I guess I get off on it." She stood up and grabbed Kyle's face, peering into his eyes. "Do you believe in love at first sight?"

She was so different than he first thought. At the dojo she seemed so reserved, as peaceful as a blue sky. Her moods seemed to shift, blowing from lust to amusement to joy to calm at a moment's noticed. She was as free as the wind.

"Yeah," Kyle answered. I fell in love with Christy the first time I saw her, and definitely with you.

"I think fate brought us together!" She frowned. "That is the right word, yes. Fate?"

Kyle shrugged. "I guess so."

She kissed him gently, then turned, and slipped out of the bathroom stall, leaving him a little bemused. She was back at the table, sitting reserved like she had the day he had first met her, eating her burger with small bites. It was almost comical, the burger was huge and she took only little nibbles.

She barely ate half her burger. "The portions are so big," she complained to the waiter. "But it was very delicious."

They drove to the movie theater, and saw the very same movie he took Christy to last night. He sat his date in the back corner, hoping to get lucky with her again. Thinking of her blowing him in the crowded theater made his dick hard. Her perfume filled his nose and he wrapped arm around her and found her wet lips.

She couldn't blow him. There were enough people sitting in the theater that he didn't want to risk it, so he covered their lap with his jacket, and her tiny hand pumped on his cock. He kissed her harder, and hiked up her skirt. She tried to stop him, until his hand found her panties and rubbed at her wet pussy. Then she sighed into his mouth, and jacked him faster.

Kyle came first, groaning into her lips, his chair creaking as his body spasmed. He kept fingering her pussy as she broke the kiss and pulled up her hands. In the fast changing light from the screen, he could see his cum glinting on her hands. She licked her hands clean, shuddered and sighed as soft as a spring breeze.

She really loves cum, Kyle thought as her pussy spasmed on his probing fingers. He pulled his hand up, and she smiled as he licked her sweet juices off his hand.

His cum still tasted bitter after the second time Fumi jacked her date off. She sighed. It took weeks for Shiro's cum to taste sweet. Did his ever taste this bitter? It was hard to remember. She had sucked so many guys off, their flavors all blended together after a while.

Kyle nuzzled her neck, licking her ear. He was still so horny. It was fanning her own lusts, and that made her pheromones affect him even worse. A normal guy should be done for hours after how many times Kyle had cum tonight.

He was as solid as a rock, at least his cock seemed to be. "I need more," he whispered, a pleading catch in his voice. "You're just so irresistible, Fumi."

The movie was a mistake. There was no-one sitting near enough to them, and the darkness made them feel all alone and intimate.

"Please." He kissed her. "You're so beautiful and ... I love you."

She stiffened.

"I fell in love with you the moment I saw you at the dojo," he whispered in her ear. "That's how I knew that there was love at first sight."

His fingers slid up her skirt. She squeezed her eyes shut as he teased her pussy. "Yes," she moaned. "I love you, too."

"I don't care that we're in a theater. I want to fuck you right here."

"Yes!" No! You can't! He's not ready! The warning voice shook off the fog of her lust as his hands tugged her panties down. "Not my pussy. My ass."

"Fine!"

She turned onto her side, facing away from him. He folded up the arm rest, his crotch pressing against her ass. His jacket still lay across her lap, hiding them as he hiked up her skirt. It was awkward, uncomfortable even, but they were both too horny to care.

His cock poked her naked ass, smearing precum as it searched for her anus. She gasped, his cock pushing past the ring of her sphincter. He slid easily in her. Unlike a human female, her ass lubed itself. Not as copious as her pussy, but enough to let him pump inside her without causing pain. And when he rubbed his cock inside her; she let out a throaty moan. His dick feels delicious inside me.

I bet it would feel amazing in my pussy!

He pumped faster, breathing in her ear. Fumi closed her eyes, fighting the urge to pop his cock out of her ass and let him slam it home in her pussy. Remember Kenji! Kyle's not ready!

"I love you," he whispered in her ear. "You're so wonderful!"

She smiled. He must be the one! He loves me! He doesn't think I'm a slut!

A shadow loomed over her. She gasped as someone sat down next to her. "Hey, Kyle."

Fumi's ass felt like wet silk as he pumped inside her. He couldn't believe he was doing this. There were people just a few seats away as he pumped inside her ass. But she was just so intoxicating, he couldn't resist her. He felt like he could have done something to make those people not care, but it was so hard to think about anything but fucking Fumi.

"Hey, Kyle."

He froze for a moment, seeing a figure sitting beside Fumi. She was leaning over, her face practically in his lap as Kyle fucked her ass. He recognized that face. His former friend—Braiden. They had been great friends once, but not long after he began dating Christy, his supposed friend had made a pass at her.

"Where did you find this slut?" Braiden asked, stroking her hair.

Kyle didn't know what to say. His hips began pumping; Fumi's ass was too inviting to stop.

"Christy is going to be so heartbroken."

Kyle wanted to deck his former, smug friend.

"Who?" panted Fumi.

"His girlfriend. Poor girl doesn't know what a cheating, sack of shit her boyfriend is. It would be a shame if she found out."

That almost halted Kyle's hips. Almost. Maybe Christy was fine with Chyna, but would she be fine with him taking a girl out on a date? And what about Fumi? She's going to be pissed to find out he already has a girlfriend.

"I'll tell you what, Kyle. If you have your whore suck my cock, I won't tell Christy. For old time sake."

"You asshole!" Kyle groaned, unable to stop fucking Fumi's ass.

He snorted. "You're the one still fucking the whore." He caressed Fumi's face. "She sure looks pretty. How about it, slut? Suck my cock to bail your fuck-buddy out of trouble."

"Sure."

Kyle was stunned. She sounded eager. Fumi bent down and deftly pulled out Braiden's cock, and sucked it into her mouth. Her ass tightened on his cock as she noisily sucked. He couldn't believe this was happening. What type of girl did I fall in love with? Or is Braiden the one that cast the spell on Chyna? Did he just cast one on Fumi?

Aaliyah. I wish to know if Fumi is under any spells?

None. Why do you ask, my husband?

Tell you later. It was getting harder to concentrate with Fumi's bowels wrapped around his cock.

Have fun. Fatima and I send out love.

"Fuck. She is a slut! Where did you find her?" Braiden asked. "You got to hook me up with her number. I would love to give this slut a good time. She seems to love my big cock."

"Shut up!" Kyle hissed.

"That's eight inches of man you're sucking slut! I can't wait to bust a nut in your mouth." Braiden chuckled. "She's sucking harder. The little whore loves cum!"

It was exciting watching Fumi—a girl he was in love with—sucking another guy's cock and getting degraded by him. He fucked her harder, driving her face onto Braiden's cock. His asshole, former friend gripped Fumi's head, forcing her mouth to bob up and down on his cock. He gave a grunt, and he could hear the Japanese girl swallowing his cum.

Her ass convulsed around his cock. The taste of cum seemed to trigger her orgasms. Her velvety, tight hole massaged his cock. His balls were boiling. She had another man's cum in her mouth. He couldn't hold back, and slammed into her and released his built up passion. He shook, body convulsing in pleasure, a muffled grunt escaping his lips.

"What a slut!" Braiden giggled as Fumi sat up, looking back at him. He could see the cum glistening on her lips.

Oh, fuck! Christy's going to learn about Fumi, and Fumi knows about Christy! Panic filled Kyle. He had to get out of there. It was too much. He was going to lose two of his loves. He stood up. Shit, shit, shit!

Kyle fled from her. She'd shown just how much she needs cum, and he'd rejected her. Why wouldn't he? We were on a date and I just blew another guy. Why can't I control myself?

"Too bad he left," the guy she just blew said, trying to put his arm around her. "Guess we can have some more fun..."

Fumi slapped him. "Like I'd want anything more to do with you!" she hissed. "Baka yarou!" Her body itched with disgust at letting the asshole touch her.

Then she chased after Kyle. She had to explain to him, make him understand that she loved him. She just had to have cum. Kenji had understood, and she felt Kyle might as well. He has to understand! I just know he's the one for me!

She found him outside the building, leaning against the wall. He was breathing heavily, eyes closed. She took a deep breath. "Kyle?"

He flinched, opening his eyes. "I'm sorry, Fumi. I'm such a piece of shit."

"What?" she asked. "I was going to apologize for my behavior."

He blinked. "You're not mad?"

"About what?" She was confused. He didn't seem angry at all about her behavior.

"I have a girlfriend."

"Oh." She had been too preoccupied with the cock in her mouth and the one in her ass to pay attention to the disgusting words the stranger had uttered. A girlfriend? Well, I can hardly be angry about that. "Perhaps, we should wait to have another date until you break up with her."

"I love her." He ran a hand through his hair. "Fuck. I love you both."

He was cracking, a strong rock slowly stressed by the heat and cold until fractures spread across his face. "You love her? And me?"

"Yeah. What type of terrible person am I?"

"I don't think you're terrible," Fumi told him, reaching out to touch his chest, above his heart. "You seem to have a generous heart."

He seemed to relax.

"I understand," she continued. "I have my ... appetites. I'm addicted to cum. One man could never be enough. That doesn't mean I don't love you, and I certainly do not love the other men. But if you can accept that, I can accept sharing you."

He looked at her. "It was kinda exciting," he admitted. "Watching you. And Christy seems to be fine with sharing me. We've had a threesome before. Maybe..."

"Oh, well, I'm not interested in women," Fumi answered. "But, I guess, for you I could..."

"Well, he's probably going to tell Christy, and that might be the end of us."

She hugged him. "Maybe not. I did make him cum. I'm sure he'll keep his word."

"Maybe," Kyle smiled, but it seemed sad, resigned.

"I had a lot of fun tonight," Fumi smiled. "When can we have a second date?"

"Sure." He thought for a moment. "Tomorrow?"

She sighed. "No. There is something at my father's work."

"Wednesday?"

"Not sooner?" she asked.

Kyle shook his head. "No. I don't think so. Christy and I study at my house on Mondays, and Tuesday is training at the dojo."

"Sounds good." She gave him a kiss on the cheek. "I should be getting home. My mother worries."

He laughed. "She doesn't seem to like me."

"No. She's ... protective."

He kissed her, and that got her heart racing. She could feel his lust growing, and her body reacted, producing the pheromone that made men desire her. She broke the kiss, and headed for his car before anything happened.

Every time they stopped at a light, Kyle's hands were on her. Rubbing her thighs, her breasts, her face. She was going to have to blow him when they arrived at her house. Her body ached for cum. Even the cum he shot in her ass only held off her true hunger. Maybe it was good that he has another woman. If he stays so horny, it would be best for him to have another release for his libido until he is ready for my pussy.

The moment he pulled into her driveway, she was pulling his cock out and sucked his cock into her mouth. He tasted wonderful! She wanted his cock inside her pussy, she sucked harder and harder. He groaned, then he pushed her mouth off his cock.

"I need your pussy!" he groaned.

Oh no! Fear pumped like ice through her veins as she realized their date had went on too long, her desire for him was too great. He had been around her too much, soaking in her pheromones.

He opened the car door, racing around. His dark-olive face twisted with passion and his dark, Asian eyes were almost black; his pupils were fully dilated. "I need you!" he groaned, his voice thick.

"No!" she shouted.

He ripped open her door and pulled her out roughly. Her pussy wept juices as he manhandled her. She felt so weak, so helpless, and he was so strong—excitement burned inside her. He reached under her skirt and ripped her panties down.

"We can't!" she protested, even as she pulled him to her and spread her legs. This is what she needed. "Fuck my ass! Please!"

"No!" he roared; his voice rough, gravelly. "I need to be in you!"

She gasped, shuddered, and came as he entered her pussy. He's not ready! a voice screamed inside her. She fucked her hips against him, not caring. She needed his cum as badly as he needed to be in her. Nothing else mattered but satisfying her appetite.

She didn't even care that he would die when he came in her. She was too lost to her hungers.
Chapter 6 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 5 |   Bottom
Chapter 6: The Lust of the Warrior
Posted: October 05, 2014 - 11:11:53 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Saturday, January 17th – South Hill, Washington

Christy stumbled out of Ms. Franklin's house. She felt so dirty. Last night she had given herself to Kyle, and today she had let her body be soiled by the teacher. She reached her car, slumping against it. Her lips still tasted of the teacher's sour juices. I'm so sorry Kyle! She fought off her tears, feeling eyes upon her.

Ms. Franklin watched her from the porch.

Bitch! Why did you do this to me! Why did I like it so much! She stuck her keys into the ignition. I'm such a disgusting whore. A tear ran down her cheek. She wanted to scrub her skin pink. She turned the key, the engine groaned, spluttered, died.

More tears ran hot; she tried again. It chugged, wheezed, lights flickered on her dashboard. Nothing. Dead. Why should my car work? I'm such a terrible person, I don't deserve to have a working car.

A rap on her window; she jumped. Ms. Franklin peered in, a look of concern painted on her face, lust burning in her emerald eyes. "Are you okay, sweetie?"

"Fine," she answered, wiping at her tears.

"I can give you a ride home, or you can come back inside to wait for a tow truck."

Christy wondered if the teacher was responsible for this somehow. Some hex to strand her here so Ms. Franklin could have more time to molest her. "I'll call my boyfriend."

A grimace flashed across the teacher's face. "Okay, dear. I'll be inside if you need help."

"Thank you, Celestite," she answered, trying to hide her true feelings. Christy was convinced that Ms. Franklin, or Celestite as she insisted on being called, was trying to sabotage her relationship with Kyle. Someone had cast a spell on her boyfriend and Chyna Coel, and now they were linked in a domination/submission relationship. She swallowed her anger; her teacher led her coven and she swore oaths to obey her. And there were consequences to disobedience. Terrible consequences. Goddess, this is a mess I'm in.

She grabbed her cell phone and called Kyle. The phone rang and rang.

Please pick up, Kyle! I need you!

And rang.

Kyle slid home in Fumi's pussy. She was heaven and nirvana all rolled into one delightful, hot, tight, spongy paradise. He sucked at her neck, his hips pumping away. His balls ached; he needed to erupt. Fumi had made him cum a few times tonight, but instead of wetting his appetite, they just inflamed his hunger for her cunt.

"Oh, Kyle," she gasped, her fingers raking his back.

He had never been so horny in his life. He had never thought he'd pull a girl out of his car and start fucking her in the middle of the street. Fumi humped back against him, as horny as he was. Her lily-scented perfume filled his nose, spurring his hips to fuck her faster.

"Cum in me!" Fumi moaned. "Flood my pussy! I need you to fill my cauldron!"

His balls boiled. He wouldn't last long.

Katy Perry's Teenage Dream blared from his pocket, reaching into Kyle's lust-fogged mind. Christy's calling. I should answer that. But ... she feel so wonderful. I need to cum. The song kept blaring, the lyrics of his girlfriend's favorite song.

"What's that?" Fumi moaned. "That song?"

"My girlfriend's calling! I should ... oh, fuck, that's nice! Keep doing that with your pussy!"

"Before you met me I was a wreck," Katy Perry's dulcets sang from his phone; the guilt rose inside Kyle, "but things were kinda heavy, you brought me back to life."

"Answer it," moaned Fumi. "She's your girlfriend."

"Yeah." He stopped pumping, still buried to the hilt in her. He fished his phone of his pocket. "What?" He winced, his voice full of frustration.

"Oh, I-I'm sorry," Christy answered and he could almost see her flinch.

He sighed. "No, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap at you, Christy."

"I don't mean to disturb you Kyle, it's just..."

"You're not disturbing me," he lied, wanting to pound the shit out of Fumi's pussy until he came. "What is it?"

"I need your help."

Fumi suddenly pulled away from him, his cock leaving her wonderful depths. "Wait!" He tried to grab her, but she shrugged out of his grasp.

"What's going on, Kyle?" his girlfriend asked.

"Just my ... um ... sister."

Christy giggled. "Is she's being a brat again?"

"Always," he muttered.

Fumi was already half-way to her house, her panties bunched around her right ankle still. She turned around, smiled, and mouthed, "Wednesday," then she fled into her house.

"Damn," Kyle muttered, leaning against his car, his cock jutting painfully before him. "So, what's wrong, Christy."

"My car won't start. I need to be rescued by my strong, handsome boyfriend."

"Yeah. I'll be right there."

"You don't sound so excited. I can call my parents. I just thought..."

"No, no. I'll be right there. Where are you?"

Kyle punched in the address into his phone, and headed to rescue his girlfriend. Maybe Christy will let me fuck her? He shoved his aching cock back into his pants, being careful not to catch himself as he zipped up.

Fumi walked into her house, closed the door behind her, and leaned against it, sighing. That was too close. Her poor body ached for cum. Part of her wanted to go out there and let Kyle finish what he started even if he died. She forced that part down, breathing deeply. I am in control of my desires! They do not control me!

"Is he dead?" Her mother's voice startled her.

"What?" Fumi asked, trying to shake the lust from her mind.

"Is the poor boy dead?"

"No, Mother." Only almost. Fear and guilt rose in her; she had lost control tonight and almost killed him.

An eyebrow raised on Mother's face, then she bent down and tugged at the pair of panties bunched around her right ankle. Fumi stepped out of them. "Really?" Her mother raised an eyebrow with the soaked panties, stained with Kyle's cum that had leaked out of her well-fucked ass.

"It was close, but I resisted my urges."

Her mother licked her lips, eyeing the cum staining her daughter's panties. Fumi could see her mother fight off her hunger. She wrenched her eyes away and fixed on Fumi. "Your father and I do not want you to see that ... boy anymore."

"I need him, Mother." She took her mother's right hand, still holding her soiled panties. "He's the one for me, I just know it."

Her mother's left hand was soft as she stroked Fumi's face. "That's just your need lying to you. Blinding you to the truth. Our appetite do not care about what we want. It only cares about satisfying its hungers. Do not listen to it. You have to go slow. It takes time to find out if he's the one."

"You knew right away with Father!" Fumi yelled, jerking her hand away. Then she flushed, looking down in shame. "I'm sorry for snapping, Mother."

Her mother put her arms around Fumi, pulling her tight. "It was different with us. Your father and I were made for each other. I knew it the first time I tasted his seed. What did Kyle's taste like?"

She chewed her lip, not wanting to answer. Her mother pulled away, cupping Fumi's face and forcing her to look into mother's dark, insistent eyes. "Bitter." Fumi answered. "But that doesn't mean anything. It was only our first time. I know he'll grow sweeter. I just know it!"

"My poor child," her mother sighed, and hugged her fiercely. "You're just going to get your heart broken again when you kill him."

"No I am not!" She broke away from her mother and ran up the stairs, tears streaming down her face. She burst into her room and threw herself onto her bed. "He's the one for me!" she screamed into her pillow, raging like a hurricane as fear and doubt swirled inside her, whispering, You thought the same about Shiro and Kenji.

Christy was thrilled when her boyfriend pulled up, all to aware of Ms. Franklin's gaze upon her, a hawk waiting for the rabbit to crawl out of its hole so she could swoop down and carry her off. But now Kyle was here to save her. He'll make sure that bitch won't carry me off!

She wasn't sure what had been going on when she called Kyle, and had been a little taken aback by his lack of enthusiasm, but he had come quickly and there was a big smile on his face. She was relieved to see the pleasure in his eyes. Her eyes dropped down to his crotch, and a naughty smile flitted on her lips. I see why he came quickly—he needs some relief.

"Sorry for being a dick," he smiled. "Fatima was being a brat and driving me crazy."

"So ... so I didn't interrupt anything important?"

He wrapped his arms around her. "No." He kissed her on the lips, and she melted against him, thrusting her tongue in his mouth. She knew Ms. Franklin was watching and she hoped the bitch was seething.

Kyle smacked his lips. "Is that pussy I taste?"

"What?" she blushed. "Oh, no. I ... um ... smeared some of my own to surprise you." Christy cursed inside; she had thought she had washed her face enough.

He kissed her again. "It's a great surprise!"

"I have another surprise," she hissed in his ear. "I'm not wearing any panties. I need you to fuck me so badly!"

"But we're outs—"

She kissed him, thrusting her tongue deep into his mouth, while her hands fumbled at his pants. She pulled his cock out; he felt sticky with precum. He shoved her against her car and she wrapped her arms around his neck and her thighs around his waist, pulling him into her. She moaned, her head resting on his shoulder as he sank into her. Ms. Franklin watched from her living room window.

Christy beamed at her teacher, moaned loudly, and humped her boyfriend. "Fuck me, Kyle! I love your cock! Nothing's better than fucking you!" She hoped the bitch heard her. She was almost positive the teacher had tried to break them up. How dare she try and split us apart!

Kyle's cock stirred her passions quickly. It was dark on the street, but cars would drive-by. They were partly shielded by her car, and she imagined that they looked like a pair of kissing teenagers, but the danger of getting caught fueled her lusts. She bucked harder against him, kissing his neck and digging her fingers into his jacket as she clawed his back.

"Jesus!" Kyle groaned. "I don't know what got into you, but, fuck, I love it!"

"I'm gonna cum!" Her body erupted with magma-hot passion. "Can you feel my pussy spasming on you? Can you feel the pleasure I'm getting?"

"Yes! You're milking my cock! You're pussy's hungry for my cream!"

"It is! Feed me! Fill me up with your cum!"

He grunted. Cum squirted into her. Thick, hot, wet, basting her insides with Kyle's passion. She clung to him, savoring the aftershocks of her orgasm. Her guilt crashed against her. I cheated on this wonderful man! Oh goddess, what a mess I've made of things! She shook, but not in pleasure. Tears ran hot down her face. She wanted to beg his forgiveness and confess the entire sordid mess to him. Fear held her tongue.

"What's wrong?" Kyle asked. "Oh fuck, did I hurt you? Was I too rough?"

She shook her head. "I've just had a bad day." She sniffed, kissing his cheek. "Thank you for rescuing me."

"Always," he whispered, holding her. "I love you, Christy."

Another wave of tears came, her body wracked by sobs. She needed to find a way out. She didn't want to be cheating on this great guy. She buried her face against his chest as he stroked her brown, curly hair.

Kyle couldn't figure out what was wrong with his girlfriend's car or his girlfriend. It took almost fifteen minutes before she had regained her composure. He had held the entire time, soothing her before she finally pulled away. "Sorry," she had sniffed.

"Don't be," he had smiled, popping the hood of her car.

He couldn't see anything wrong with it after fiddling with the wires. He really didn't know much about cars though. Aaliyah, I wish that Christy's car worked.

Christy is not part of your harem yet, my love. So her car is not part of our hearth. There was a pause, then she added, You can make a wish and add her to the harem.

I want her to join on her own. When she meets you on Monday, I'll ask her to be my third wife.

I can't wait, my love!

"Sorry. I guess we will have to call a tow truck," Kyle sighed, slamming down the hood. He had been saving up to take Christy to prom, and the tow would have to come out of that. Aaliyah, I wish to have the money to pay for the tow.

Sorry.

Kyle sighed then a thought occurred to him, and he asked, Could you pay for prom? I mean, could I wish to have the money for it?

That is within my powers, Aaliyah answered after a moment. Your sister informs me that it is a social occasion that you are required to attend with your paramour. That definitely falls under harem.

That brightened Kyle's mood.

They spent the time waiting productively—making out. Kyle had his hand down her blouse, thumbing her nipple, when the tow truck arrived. A surly man in greasy, gray coveralls and a mouth full of tobacco, hooked up her car and they led him to Christy's home. She gave him one last kiss, then went inside and Kyle drove home where his sister and genie awaited him naked and horny and waiting to hear all the details about his date with Fumi.

Britney stood in the shadows outside Ms. Franklin's house watching the tow truck disappear, Kyle following with Christy in his car. She had tracked it to the chemistry lab at school yesterday and caught the faintest scent. It had taken her all day Saturday to track down the foul odor she smelled, the lingering traces of magic, right to here. Britney had always sensed something off with Ms. Franklin ever since she had met her, but she never suspected the youthful teacher was into such dark magics.

A servant of Hecate. And Christy is one of her slaves.

Sadness squeezed her heart. Kyle would be devastated. She had sensed something off in Christy for weeks now, and this was it. She would have to be killed. Christy, Ms. Franklin, the whole coven would have to disposed of. Kyle had to be protected, servants of Hecate could never be trusted. They used and abused those around them. One day, Christy would be fully lost to the darkness and she would use Kyle to serve whatever dark whim stirred her soul.

And Britney would never allow any harm to come to her only friend. Her fingers flexed, fingernails sharp as claws, a predatory hunger stirring inside her. She clamped down her rage, pushing herself to be calm and placid once more. When she had been paired with Kyle to work on a science fair project all those years ago, she had known he was going to a great man somedayand had vowed on the day she had met Kyle that she would protect him.

And she would serve him faithfully and see that he reaches that greatness, no matter the cost. No matter who she had to kill. But she had to be careful, make sure she had ever single contingency covered. Kyle could never learn that she had killed his girlfriend.

The great fool loves too easy.

Sunday, January 18th

"Everything will be fine, my love."

Kyle looked at his genie and wasn't so sure. "I don't see why we have to do this."

"She is yours," Aaliyah answered. "She deserves to be part of your household officially."

He shook his head. He couldn't believe he was about to negotiate with Chyna's mom to make her his concubine. The entire situation was so ... bizarre.

And the last few days haven't been bizarre? he asked himself. He went from a virgin with a girlfriend, to having two wives, a sex slave, and two girlfriends.

"My powers will take care of everything." His wife placed her hand on his back, and leaned her head against this shoulder. He strangely felt reassured. He was like a sponge, sucking in his genie's calmness.

The door opened. Chyna shrieked. Then she was kissing him, her arms wrapped around him like an octopus about a fish. He couldn't help kissing her back, he had missed his sex slave, his cock growing erect as she writhed against him.

"Who is this young man?" asked a stunningly beautiful, black-haired woman staring at him with a look of bemused astonishment.

"My Master, Mom!" exclaimed Chyna.

The color drained from her mother's face. "What?"

"I'm his sex slave." Chyna said it like the most normal thing in the world.

"Er, yes, that's why I'm here to talk to you, um, Mrs. Coel."

"Miss Coel," she muttered absently. "This is a joke, right? One of those ill-thought out, teenage pranks? He's really your boyfriend, right, Chyna?"

"Nope. Master has a girlfriend." The girl shuddered against him. "And she tastes wonderful. I guess, she's my Mistress. But I'm Master's slave first."

I wish Miss Coel understands.

Done, my love.

Aaliyah stepped up. A dry, sandy scent filled the room. "It's perfectly natural, right, Miss Coel?"

"Right," nodded Chyna's mom as Aaliyah's power affected her. "Come in, Kyle. I guess I should get to know my daughter's Master." She looked questioningly the genie.

"I'm his first wife, Aaliyah. My husband and I are here to negotiate with you to make Chyna his concubine."

Chyna squealed again. "Do it, Mom! I want to be his so badly!"

Miss Coel led them into her living room. She had a nice figure, her bust as large, if not larger, than her daughters, with a curvy ass covered by a pair of tight jeans. Aaliyah caught his eyes and licked her lips—she approved as well.

The next half-hour proved that the last few days could indeed become more bizarre. Aaliyah and Miss Coel started to rapidly haggle the price he'd have to pay to officially take her as a concubine. Miss Coel was a sharp bargainer, and she wanted her daughter's bridal gift to be substantial. The entire time, Chyna squirmed on his laps and rained his face with kisses.

"I'm not sure your daughter is worth that much," Aaliyah objected. "She doesn't look that beautiful."

"Are you blind? My daughter is gorgeous. She's built like a brickhouse!"

Aaliyah gave Chyna a considering look. "Let's see her naked."

Chyna was eager to strip in front of her Master. She was gorgeous with dusky skin and large, heavy tits. Her ass was round and plump, and Kyle couldn't resist giving her a squeeze. Chyna giggled and proudly posed, one hand playing with a honey-brown pigtail.

"See. She's absolutely gorgeous!"

Aaliyah reached out, pinching one of Chyna's nipples. "She's adequate."

Chyna's mom reached out and boldly rubbed Kyle's crotch; he groaned, enjoying the MILF's touch. "I'd say Kyle finds her more than adequate."

"He's a young man; a stiff breeze gets him hard." Kyle had never heard her talk so diffidently. It's like she had become this imperious woman instead of his shy wife.

"I'd say his opinion counts for a lot." Kyle shifted, the blood warm in his cheeks as the MILF kept stroking him through his jeans.

"Let's see how well she performs. Lick my pussy, slave!"

"Yes, Mistress!"

Aaliyah spread her legs and lifted her skirt. Chyna knelt before her and buried her face in his wife's snatch. Aaliyah threw her head back and moaned. "She's got an ... ohh ... agile tongue."

"What do you say, Kyle," purred Chyna's mom, her fingers dragging his zipper down. "You have to admit my daughter is easily worth it."

Kyle couldn't think, her hand stroked his hard cock. "Sure."

"Then we have a deal?"

Aaliyah's eyes snapped open, and she shot a glance at him. Kyle froze.

"I'll suck your dick." Her tongue licked his ear. "I bet I can suck your cock better than my daughter."

Aaliyah bent over and engulfed his cock, sucking hard. Miss Coel pouted as his wife sucked him like a vacuum cleaner. Her soft hands found his balls, massaging. Kyle leaned back, groaning. Chyna knelt on the floor, her face shiny with Aaliyah's passion.

"Make him cum, Mistress!" Chyna's fingers found her pussy.

Miss Coel unbuttoned her blouse. Her large tits strained a silky, gray bra. When they were freed, her breasts were every bit as wonderful as Chyna's. A little larger, with areolas that dwarfed his sex slaves and fat, dark nipples. There was a little sag, but not much, and they felt like silk as she pressed against his face.

"Imagine these around your cock," Miss Coel purred. "Or my pussy even. Have you ever fucked both the mother and the daughter?"

That sparked a depraved idea. "Chyna, suck your mother's tits."

"Yes, Master."

"What?" Miss Coel barely had a chance to blink before her daughter's hungry lips fastened onto a fat nipple. "No, Chyna! Stop! You can't do that!"

Her daughter ignored her; Kyle was her master. Kyle grabbed her hand as she tried to push her daughter off her tit. "If you and your daughter fuck, I'll pay double," Kyle told her.

She froze, eyes wide. "You'd pay that much for my daughter."

"It'll be worth it to watch you make love to your daughter."

Aaliyah's mouth popped off his cock. "She's not worth it, Kyle! Just let me..."

Kyle placed a finger on her lips. "This is what I want. Just suck my cock."

"Yes, my love." Kyle was surprised that she wasn't angry, but sounded pleased, and happily sucked his cock into her lips.

"I love you," he whispered, stroking her cheek. She sucked harder. "So, Miss Coel, what'll it be."

She mumbled, face red.

"What was that?"

"Illfukmadotter."

"A little slower."

She took a deep breath, glancing at her daughter nursing at her tit. "I'll fuck my daughter."

"You heard her, slave."

"Eat my pussy, mommy," Chyna purred, stretching out on the floor. "Let's give Master the best mother-daughter lezzie show!"

"God, forgive me." Miss Coel knelt down. Her hand trembled as she placed it on her daughter's side.

Chyna smiled, and grabbed the hand and placed it on her heavy tit. "Feel how soft and wonderful I am."

Miss Coel squeezed her daughter's melon. "They do feel nice." She looked her daughter in the eyes. "I can't believe I'm doing this."

Chyna caressed her mother's cheek. "I love you, Mom, and I'm glad I can share this moment with you and Master."

Kyle couldn't take his eyes away as Miss Coel enveloped her daughter's nipple in her sucking mouth. His sex slave moaned, eyes fluttering. He rested his hand on Aaliyah's sucking mouth, absently stroking her as his wife bobbed her head.

"Oh, Mom!" gasped Chyna. "Your mouth! Holy shit!"

"Wait until you feel my lips on your pussy," Miss Coel blushed; she seemed surprised by her boldness. Kyle wondered if she had lusted after her daughter in secret.

The mother rubbed her cheeks through her daughter's cleavage, sandwiched between those spectacular mountains, before she kissed her way to the other peak's summit. Chyna writhed as her mother nipped and sucked at her turgid, dark nipples. Miss Coel worshiped her daughter's tit, pink tongue swirling dusky flesh.

Then the mother kissed lower. Kyle's breath caught along with Chyna as Miss Coel kissed her way down her daughter's taut body. He wanted to witness a mother violate the bond with her daughter and eat her pussy out, and Chyna seemed to want that bond sullied.

"Lower, Mom! Eat me out! My pussy's on fire! I need to cum so bad!"

Miss Coel smiled up her daughter's heaving body, then nuzzled her neatly-trimmed pubic hair. "You smell wonderful," she breathed. The air was full of the women's passions: Aaliyah's spice, Chyna's tart, and a second tart scent, a little stronger, a little more mature, but still as wonderful to inhale.

Her lips moved lower, spreading her daughter's thighs. Kyle and Chyna both erupted in passion as Miss Coel's pink tongue slid through Chyna's pink flesh. Aaliyah swallowed his loads, moaning her delight. Chyna heaved on the floor, screaming Kyle's name and squeezing her massive tits.

Miss Coel kept licking; Aaliyah kept sucking.

"Oh, Mom! Holy shit! Holy fucking shit! Your tongue is ... ohmygod! Keep doing that!"

Kyle never grew soft. Between the incestuous scene and Aaliyah's wonderful mouth, he stayed as erect as a flagpole. Chyna kept cumming on her mom's mouth. She bucked, writhed, wiggled, and shook, and the whole time those big tits jiggled and swayed and bounced.

"You taste wonderful," purred Miss Coel, her tongue only lightly lapping at her daughter's cunt.

Chyna's orgasms faded as her mother let her cool down. She smiled down at her mom, stroking her hair. "Let me taste you?"

"Umm, sounds wonderful."

Miss Coel flipped around, and mother and daughter slipped into a sixty-nine. "Fuck," Kyle muttered. The room was filled with the noisy sound of pussy eating and moans of passion. The incestuous duo's lust mounted as they writhed on each other's lips.

Aaliyah's mouth popped off his cock. "I need you inside me, my love."

"Fuck yeah!" Kyle pulled her up, her clothes—a jean skirt and a yellow blouse, low cut with a frilly neckline—vanished in a cloud of yellow, and she impaled her pussy right onto his spear. Kyle grunted in her ear, "I love you."

She purred back, "Forever, my husband."

Her hips pumped on him, and he watched the two women making love on the floor as his wife's pussy rode his cock. Chyna had her hands wrapped around her mother's firm ass, squeezing her cheeks and flashing her dark, puckered asshole at Kyle.

"I'm so glad you are coming around to all the carnal delights I can provide you," purred Aaliyah in his ear. "Making a mother and daughter fuck ... so wicked, my love."

I guess I am coming around to it, he realized. The more Kyle fucked, the more he wanted to experience. Aaliyah and Christy and Fumi and Fatima had uncorked whatever morals had damned up his lust, and slowly more and more poured out, and he would crave more and more ... carnal delights.

I want to share all these delights with my four loves. He pictured himself surrounded by the four women he loved while all the female students and faculty—at least the attractive ones—made love to each other for Kyle and his women's pleasure. A garden of delight for the five of them to frolic in.

A harem.

Fatima and Aaliyah were eager for it, and Christy seemed to be open-minded about other women. And Fumi ... well, so long as Kyle was fine with her sucking off other guys, she was fine with him having any woman he wanted. It only seemed fair. If he could fuck other women and still love Fumi, then she could suck other men as long as she loved him.

"I want to experience so much carnal delights," he moaned into his wife's ear.

"So do I!" Aaliyah gasped.

His genie pumped faster on his cock; her arms tightly wrapped about his neck. Her head threw back, and she came! Screaming his name, her pussy massaged his cock. Wonderful, hot flesh squeezed and shivered about his shaft, bringing Kyle great delight. His own passion grew, and he thrust up into his wife's cumming cunt, bouncing her on his lap.

"Kyle, Kyle!" she moaned. "Cum in me! Please, my love!"

He squeezed her ass, thrusting harder up into her. "How can I resist you anything?"

A smile flashed across her face. He captured her lush lips with a kiss and grunted, cumming inside her. He tensed in her arms as he blasted her cunt. He sat back on the couch, his wife hugging him and kissing him, and he forgot all about the mother and daughter still sixty-nining on the floor.

Then Chyna screamed, "I'm cumming again, Mother! Keep eating me! I love it! My mother is a pussy-eating champion!"

Aaliyah slid off his lap, cuddling beside him. Her hand reached out and lazily stroked him. He had went a little limp, but watching Chyna's mouth buried in her mother's vulva was inspiring his cock to rise again. He had to fuck the mother.

He stood up and grabbed Miss Coel's black hair and pulled her roughly off her daughter. "It's time to get fucked," he grunted. "I want that ass!"

"Oh, yes!" she breathed, kneeling on the carpet.

Kyle spread her asscheeks. Her dark asshole winked at him as his finger teased it, then he shoved his cock lubed with Aaliyah's passion right into her tight anus. Miss Coel grunted, pushing back. He grabbed her black hair and rode her ass hard, smacking it with his hand.

"You're my bitch, too?" he demanded.

"Yes!" she gasped. "I am!"

"I want you to be my concubine!" Kyle shouted. "I want you and your daughter to serve my every desire."

"What? No! I can't!"

Kyle pulled harder on her hair; he wanted this woman, and he could sense this is what she wanted. The way she had behaved all afternoon—coming on to him so boldly, even fucking her daughter for money—told him that she was a slut at her core. Like daughter, like mother.

"You can!" he hissed in her ear, still rutting into her ass. "You're a dirty, filthy slut that will do what she's told!"

"Please, don't! I have a job, a house. Bills."

"You'll never have to work if you don't want to, and I'll cover all your expenses if you join my harem. Be my concubine, my whore."

"Oh, God!" she gasped. He could see it in her eyes; she wanted a man to take control of her. She was a submissive slut.

"You'd be serving with your daughter. Fucking me, fucking my wives ... and fucking your daughter."

Her ass convulsed about Kyle's cock as the MILF came. "Yes! Yes! Yes! I'll be your whore!"

Chyna hugged her mother and kissed her on the lips. "I'm so happy, mom!"

Aaliyah stepped up, grabbed one of Chyna's pigtails, and pulled her face into her crotch. "Clean me up, slave. Umm, that's a good girl. Lick my husband's cum out of my cunt."

Kyle erupted into his newest concubine's ass as Chyna's pink tongue gathered Aaliyah's cream and his cum into her mouth. He kept his cock buried in Miss Coel's ass, breathing heavily. His dick softened and popped out, and he sat heavily on the carpet. Miss Coel turned around and started licking at his cock, cleaning him up.

"What's your first name?" Kyle asked her.

"Shannon."

"Welcome to my harem."

The Coel women were amazed when they learned Aaliyah was a Genie. She waved her hand, and the four of them were clean after their orgy, then she conjured the concubine contracts. The payment portion was voided, since anything Shannon owned was now Kyle's, but he did agree to pay both girls a weekly stipend for any necessities such as clothes and makeup, to support them, and to pay them a specified amount of money in the case of a divorce. Kyle and Shannon signed on the dotted lines and they were his; Aaliyah's power somehow made it a legally binding contract in the US.

Kyle loved having a Genie for a wife.

Kyle left his two concubines to pack up their possessions and come over tonight and Aaliyah drove them home. The Genie found driving a car fascinating. He fished out his phone and sent Christy a text message. "How was Sunday with the family?"

Every Sunday was family day at the Leonardson household. They watched movies, played board games, and tried to stay close as a family. "Fine," she texted back. "Jackson won Smallworlds."

Kyle chuckled; Christy hated to lose Smallworlds, particularly to her younger brother.

"Who're you texting?" Ms. Franklin asked, annoyance painted on her face along with Christy's juices.

"My boyfriend," Christy answered, hoping it irked the woman.

She seethed inside. Christy was supposed to be with her family, but instead her coven leader had dragged her out and forced her to spend the afternoon fucking the depraved teacher. The teen was naked, her legs spread, and her fiery-haired teacher nuzzled at her pussy. Christy ignored her, and kept texting her boyfriend, and wishing it was him between her legs.

Ms. Franklin crawled up her body and took her phone, setting it on the table. "You can do that later. I want you to eat my pussy!"

"Yes, Celestite," Christy smiled, hiding her true feelings.

Her teacher was insatiable. Rashawn—Christy was supposed to think of her as Garnet, but she never liked using the names they assumed—lay passed out next to Christy, a dildo shoved up her ass. There was a smile on the Black girls slumbering face.

"Let me just text him back," Christy protested. "Then I'll eat your cunt."

"Fine."

Christy grabbed her phone. "Got to go, new game starting. XOXOXO."

"Why do you stay with him?" Ms Franklin asked as she guided the teen's face between her legs.

"I love him."

"But he cheated on you with that slut, Chyna."

Christy looked her teacher in the eye. Time to fish for some information. "Someone cast a spell on them."

Her teacher didn't even bat an eye. "Really?"

"I have to find out who and thank them," Christy continued, making herself sound like a complete whore. She then forced herself to take a slow lick up her teacher's slit, flicking Ms. Franklin's clit. "Kyle and I shared the little slut. It was so hot. We have our own sex slave."

A grin split her teacher's face. "I knew you were that type of girl. I'm glad you liked my gift."

"So it was you?" Christy gave another lick, letting her tongue linger on the teacher's clit, flicking and batting the pink nub.

"Oh, yes," she moaned. "You can thank me properly by using that sweet tongue of yours."

Christy buried her face into the teacher's cunt, hating to be used by the teacher, and hating herself for enjoying the treatment. I need a way out of this mess. I need help. There was only one person she knew with an aura stronger than her teachers—Kyle.

Tomorrow. At school I'll confess everything and hope he loves me enough to forgive me ... and to believe me.

"Keep licking me you dirty, little slut!" moaned her teacher. "I love your wicked tongue! You were so worth seducing into my coven!"

She dug her tongue in deeper, eager to get this over with. She no longer felt guilty, just disgusted. She focused on Kyle and his love, and hoped that he would save her. Ms. Franklin's moans grew louder and louder, her hips rolling and sliding her slimy cunt across her face. She wiggled her tongue into her pussy, fucking her teacher.

"You wonderful, lesbian slut! You're wasted on a boy! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna flood your sweet mouth with my juices, and you're going to drink every drop down!"

Her teacher's pants grew louder and louder. Her hands tightened in Christy's hair. Then Ms. Franklin arched her back, and juices squirted into the teen's mouth and face. She drank them down. And then a new flavor flooded her mouth, acrid, bitter.

Piss.

She tried to pull away, but Ms. Franklin had her in a death grip, forcing the girl to drink her piss. "Drink it all down, whore! That look on your face ... oh, god! I'm gonna cum again!"

Humiliation burned inside Christy as she swallowed piss and pussy juices. It stung her eyes, burned down her throat, and filled her nostrils with that terrible smell ... and made her pussy weep juices. The stream died down, her teacher stopped cumming and collapsed, stroking her hair.

"That was wonderful, Amber," Ms. Franklin moaned; she always used Christy's coven name. "I'll train you to love the taste of my piss."

Christy was frightened that she would come to love it, just like she had come to love pussy juices. Tomorrow couldn't arrive fast enough!

Monday, January 20th

Zaritha strode into Rogers High School, the illusion of an older woman made of smoke and fire walking beside her. The Ifirit had concealed her appearance beneath a similar illusion, making herself look European: pale skin, gray eyes, and curly-brown hair. A perky, American teen.

She had tracked the vermin that had sniffed her out, and it had led the Ifirit to this school. Someone here had cast that spell, searching for Aaliyah. So far, she had discovered no other traces of the Jann bitch. This school was the only clue she had to go on.

She would not fail again. This time the little bitch would stay lost!

The illusion walking beside her was an older version of the image Zaritha was garbed in, with pale skin and dark-brown hair. A mature beauty compared to the Ifrit's youthful guise. She opened the door to the school's office and her illusion, playing her mother, said, "I'm here to enroll my daughter, Lexie, into your school."

The secretary looked up. A plump, middle-aged woman with a friendly smile nodded, and handed the illusion some paperwork to fill out, then sent them into to see Principal Stanley Burke. The Principal was a man nearing fifty, but in great shape. He was distinguished, his black hair going gray and giving him an air of wisdom. He shook her illusion-mother's hand, then hers, and Zaritha felt his gaze linger on her body.

That brought a smile to the Ifrit's face. If I have the head of the school wrapped around my finger...

"It's always a pleasure to welcome new students to the school, Lexie," Principal Burke grinned. "I'm sure you'll fit right in."

"I just know I will," Zaritha purred. "I can't wait to get to know all my classmates!"
Chapter 7 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 6 |   Bottom
Chapter 7: The Jealousy of the Witch
Posted: October 11, 2014 - 12:46:20 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Monday, January 18th – South Hill, Washington

"So this is the wife?" Britney asked when she opened the door of Kyle's car.

"Yeah. Aaliyah, this is my best friend, Britney."

The Genie smiled, turning around and extending her hand into the rear seats were Britney squeezed in next to Chyna. Fatima was on the other side, crushed against the door. It was tight having three people in the back seat, and Kyle's little sister didn't seem pleased about the arrangement. Britney stared at the hand for a moment, then took it.

"You are the cause behind everything that has happened?" Britney asked.

"I am," she answered with a smile.

Then Britney sniffed deeply, and glanced at Chyna. "Is she a wife, too?"

"No. Concubine." Kyle answered.

His friend just nodded, her eyes unreadable behind her thick glasses. "And you still intend to keep dating Christy?"

Kyle thought Britney was taking this very well. She was a very calm, placid girl, the type that preferred to go with the flow so long as that left her undisturbed to study. This morning, before they left for school, he had wished that everyone except Christy, Britney, and Fumi would accept Kyle's relationships with Aaliyah, Fatima, and Chyna as the most natural things in the world. He could have included those three, but he just didn't feel right messing with the minds of the two women he loved and his best friend.

"I am," Kyle answered her question. "I love Christy as much as Aaliyah."

"And me," chirped Fatima. "Right, big bro? Or were you lying about that as I sucked your cock."

Kyle winced. He wanted to ease in Christy and Britney on the whole fucking his sister part. The rest of the world would find it acceptable, and he could only hope that his friend and girlfriend would be as understanding. It was a long shot.

Britney nodded, completely nonplussed. "I had sensed it on Friday. So three loves, Kyle?"

"Four!" giggled his sister. "He's sweet on this Japanese chick. They had a date on Saturday. She's so sexy!"

Kyle flushed, and glanced back at his friend.

"You should dump Christy," Britney declared. "She is wrong for you. You have these other women, why do you need her?"

"Have you ever been in love, Britney?"

"No. I have yet to meet the right one."

He sighed, "Then how can I explain it to you?"

"You have a point. But that does not change facts. Christy will break your heart."

Fatima laughed. "No she wouldn't. She's in love with Kyle."

"Yeah!" Chyna added. "She didn't have a problem with us. Master even shared me with her on Friday."

"Fine. Just be careful, Kyle. Trust me."

Kyle frowned, wandering just why Britney didn't like Christy. He liked his friend, but if she kept acting like this, there would be problems. As much as he liked Britney, he loved Christy, and he would choose his girlfriend over his best friend any day of the week. He almost asked her, but with the other women in the car, he wasn't sure he could pry it out of her.

Christy was waiting when Kyle pulled into the school's parking lot, her face lighting up when he pulled up. Then she frowned as all the women piled out of his car. Kyle grabbed Aaliyah's hand, and walked over to her.

Christy gave Aaliyah a single glance, her eyebrows tightened, then she took a deep breath. "Kyle, there's something I need..."

"Let me just talk first, okay," Kyle quickly said. "There's a secret I've been keeping from you the last few days that we need to talk about."

Fear paled Christy's face, her eyes flicking at Aaliyah.

"This is Aaliyah." Kyle's stomach roiled, and he forced himself to say the next part: "She's a Genie."

His girlfriend blinked. "A what?"

"I'm a Djinn," Aaliyah answered. "I can grant limited wishes for Kyle."

Horror filled his girlfriend's eyes for a moment.

"There's more. When I freed Aaliyah from her bottle, I also entered into a marriage with her."

A strangled gasp escaped Christy's throat, then she froze. He reached out, squeezing her shoulder.

"I fell in love with her, too."

"Oh, Goddess," Christy gasped. "Oh, Goddess." Her breaths came in ragged pants, faster and faster, and her face turned red.

"Breath, Christy," Kyle said. She wasn't taking this as well as he hoped. "Calm down. I still love you. I just learned there's more room in my heart to love other people."

"W-what?"

"After Thursday, I was so relieved at how accepting you were of me and Chyna. And then on Friday, you even joined in." He stroked her face. "I love you, Christy. And I love Aaliyah. I don't want to give either of you up. I know this sounds selfish, but I love you both. I want to be with you both."

Christy looked at Kyle, then at Aaliyah. "I don't know..."

"I would be honored to share him with you," Aaliyah smiled. "He has a generous heart. There's enough love in there to encompass the both of us. And I hope we can become close as well."

"You mean..." A blush suffused his girlfriend's lips.

"Kyle tells me you're bisexual?" Fatima had explained the concept to Aaliyah last night.

Christy nodded.

"Well so am I. We can satisfy each other whenever Kyle is dallying with others."

"Others?" Christy asked.

"He is a great man with a powerful destiny," Aaliyah answered. "And great men have appetites that must be satiated. There will be other wives, and women like Chyna. His concubines."

"How many wives?"

"Four," Kyle answered. "Four women I love, and who I hope love me and can share me with each other."

"Are you Mormon, Kyle? Do you want to move to Utah, or something?"

Kyle knelt down and produced a ring that Aaliyah had conjured last night. The Genie and Fatima wore similar engagement rings. He took Christy's hand, and her expression became even more bewildered.

"I loved you the first time I saw you. I want you to be my wife, to be my love. You were the first girl I ever loved, and I want you to be with me for as long as we live. I just ask that you find it in your heart to share me with Aaliyah and the others."

Christy's eyes teared up. She glanced at Aaliyah, then back at him. "I ... I ... Yes. I don't want to lose you, Kyle."

He slid the ring on her finger, then stood up and she kissed him, tears running down her cheeks. When he broke the kiss, Aaliyah swooped in and captured her lips. Christy tensed, then relaxed, and kissed the Genie back.

"We should celebrate," Kyle grinned. "Blow off first period and have some fun."

"We'll get in trouble," Christy gasped.

Aaliyah laughed. "Just say the W word, and I'll make it happen."

"If it's about sex, Aaliyah's powers can accomplish miracles."

"Sex? At school?"

Kyle frowned. "We did it last Friday. Don't tell me your shy after you pounced on me Saturday night outside on that street. You ladies have awakened desires in me that can't be bottled back up." He grinned. "Hell, I don't want them ever bottled up. Aaliyah, I wish that no-one notices our absence or notices us making love."

Aaliyah grinned, and knelt down, lifting up Christy's skirt. "Done," she purred, then yanked down Christy's panties.

"Oh, fuck!" Christy gasped, then leaned against the school building as Aaliyah devoured her pussy. "Oh, wow, she's good."

Kyle gave her a kiss on the lips. She didn't resist as he slid his hand under her shirt, and gently groped her breasts. "I love you, Christy."

She melted against him, moaning slightly, then whispered back her love. Her hand slid down his stomach, and rubbed against the bulge in his crotch. She smiled. "I missed this yesterday. Family time was so boring without you."

"I want you to live with me, Christy," he whispered in her ear, as her finger drew down his zipper. "I want you to be my wife tonight."

"Yes!" she gasped. He pushed up her bra, and thumbed her hard nipple. "Tonight! But my parents!"

Her hand reached in, pushing down his boxers and pulling his hard shaft out. "Aaliyah will take care of it right now. I wish it."

"Done!" Aaliyah's response was muffled by Christy's thighs and skirt.

Her hand stroked him. "I want this in me. I missed your cock. If I have to share you, I guess I have to take any opportunity to feel it in me."

"I want to fuck your ass."

She hesitated, eyes fluttering with desire. He pinched her nipple between his finger, bringing a gasp. "Yes. Do it. I wish my ass is lubed." Her eyes widened. "Oh wow, that felt weird."

"She's all ready, my husband."

Christy turned, and he lifted her skirt and saw Aaliyah's dusky hands spreading her pale cheeks apart. Her brown asshole glistened with lube. He smiled, and pressed his cock gently inside her. She arched back against him.

When he buried all the way inside her, he whispered, "Look at all of them. They can't see us, they don't know we're fucking just a few feet away."

The area was still busy as students arrived, but thanks to Aaliyah, none paid attention to them. Kyle watched them, his eyes lusting after pretty girls as he pumped his cock inside his newest wife's ass. He wondered which of them were submissive, open to being dominated by him and forced to be his concubine.

"Yes, it is!" Christy moaned. "Are you staring at the girls."

"I am," he answered. "They're so pretty. I love you, Christy, but there are going to be other women I fuck. Other women I keep like Chyna."

"Other women you love?" she asked, a bit bitter.

"No. I think four's enough women to love. But even if it's a thousand, I would love you all the same. I want you and Aaliyah and the other two to be happy. The other's I just want to fuck. And you can fuck them, too. Pick a woman walking by, and Aaliyah can make her yours to play with."

Christy turned her head, watching their classmates stream by. Kyle kept pumping her ass, Aaliyah's hands massaging his balls as she licked at Christy's pussy. He could feel her ass tighten on his cocks as she stared at leggy Patricia Mathewson, star of the school's volleyball team. A gorgeous blonde, with a tight, athletic build and small breasts.

"We could share her," Kyle whispered. "You could eat out her pussy while I fuck you, then I could kiss you and taste her pussy on your lips."

"Did Aaliyah turn you into this, Kyle?"

"No." He slowed his thrusts, savoring the feel of her tight ass. "Deep inside, I always had these thoughts. Aaliyah merely showed me I didn't need morality's restraints anymore. I don't want to hide my true desires from you, and I don't want you to hide yours."

"So you'd be okay with me fucking another guy?"

He licked her ear. "As long as you don't love him, you can have all the fun you want. Just remember who your heart belongs to."

"Oh, fuck!" Christy gasped. "Her tongue, your cock! Oh shit! Oh, Kyle!"

Her ass felt wonderful as she came, squeezing and massaging, milking the cum out of his balls. He sped up; the soft cheeks of her ass slapping into his groin. She gasped and panted, another orgasm trembling through her.

"So you want to hear my deepest fantasies!" gasped Christy.

"Yes!" Kyle answered. "I want to fuck my mother."

She glanced over her shoulder. "Wow! That's so fucking nasty, Kyle!"

"I want you to fuck her, too!" He captured her lips in a kiss. "What's yours?"

"I want to piss into a woman's mouth! I want her to be degraded and dirty."

Christy tensed in his arms, then he heard water splashing and a muffled gasp from Aaliyah. "Are you pissing on her?"

"Yes! Drink it, whore! Drink my filthy piss!"

Kyle pictured the stream of yellow pouring from Christy's brown-furred cunt into Aaliyah's lush lips. It was such a filthy sight, and hearing the urine splash and Aaliyah swallow sent his balls into overdrive. He erupted in her ass, burying himself deep and holding her tight.

"Oh, Christy!" he groaned. "You nasty, wonderful woman!"

He could feel her cumming a third time, calling Aaliyah a filthy whore as she rubbed her pussy on the Genie's face. She bucked and gasped, then slumped in his arms. He held her, supporting her, as her orgasm left her week kneed.

Aaliyah popped her head out. "That was ... different."

"Did you like it?" Kyle asked.

"I kinda did, my husband." A blush darkened her cheeks. "Once I got used to the surprise."

"Would you drink my piss, Christy?"

Christy glanced at him, her eyes wide. "Yes, I would," she answered, sounding surprise. "I think I would like that. Do you..."

He nodded.

She sank down, his cock popping out, and she knelt before him. She sucked his cock into her mouth, still dirty from her ass, and waited. He relaxed his bladder, straining to piss. His cock was hardening, making it harder, and Aaliyah watched him with dark eyes.

"Do it!" his Genie moaned, her hands frigging her pussy. "Piss in the little slut's mouth! Make her drink your dirty pee."

He sighed as the piss streamed out. Christy swallowed, yellow leaking out the corners of her mouth. Her hazel eyes looked up at him with love as she submitted to his degradation. Aaliyah slumped to the ground, cumming loudly as she watched him pee into Christy's mouth. The stream died down, just a few last squirts came out. His cock was rock hard.

He gripped his wife's head, and fucked her mouth. His balls slapped Christy's chin. Her hands wrapped around him, squeezing his ass, and urging him to fuck her faster. Aaliyah draped herself across Christy's back, reached around, and fingered Christy's pussy as she buried her face in Christy's curly, brown hair.

Kyle knew the only thing that would make him happier was including Fatima and Fumi. He pictured all four of his women kneeling before him: gorgeous Christy, graceful Fumi, impish Fatima, and sultry Aaliyah, each ready for his cum. Christy was the last obstacle to his dream. On Wednesday, after his second date with Fumi, he'd bring her home and introduce her to his other wives and ask her to join.

As he erupted into Christy's mouth, he knew what Fumi's answer would be.

Yes.

Chrsity didn't know what to do.

That bitch Genie had ruined her boyfriend, transforming him into some out-of-control sex-fiend. She couldn't focus at all in second period, and third period was turning into the same. What was she going to do? She couldn't lose Kyle. She loved him, and needed him to rescue her from the coven. But she couldn't share him. That was just wrong. She barely tolerated his relationship with Chyna. And that one wasn't his fault.

And neither is this one. It's that damn, slutty Genie! She wanted to claw the bitch's eyes out, but she had controlled herself. She sensed she would lose Kyle if he forced him to choose. Thanks to Ms. Franklin's molestation, she had become quite adept at hiding her true feelings. Though she had loved it when Kyle fucked her ass, she had hated the bitch munching on her carpet. That's why she pissed in the little bitch's mouth.

Christy knew she could share a woman with her ... what was Kyle now? Her fiancee? Her husband? She could share a woman with her husband—in fact, she burned to share other women with him—but she wanted his heart all to herself. Aaliyah had to go, then he'd go back to his old self and love only her.

When third period ended, she knew what to do, and headed for the biology classroom.

On the way, Braiden accosted her. "Hey, Christy. I need to talk to you."

"What?" she demanded. "I'm busy. DECA stuff can wait."

"It's about your sack-of-shit boyfriend. I saw him Saturday night on a date with another girl. She was blowing him in the theater."

Aaliyah was the sort of slut that would blow a guy in the middle of a room. Braiden had a disgusting grin on his face, and she knew exactly why he was telling her this. She sighed, getting really tired of Braiden's constant passes at her. The asshole used to be Kyle's friend, until he started hitting on her. She loathed him so much. "I don't care, Braiden! I love Kyle, and I don't care what skank sucked his cock! And I'll never go out with such a loathsome toad as you! So stop trying to get in my panties!"

His face paled, then red suffused it. She didn't care, and just pushed past him.

"I love you, Christy!" he shouted.

"Well I loathe you!"

She rounded a corner, and left the disgusting creep behind, bursting into Ms. Franklin's classroom. The redheaded teacher smiled at Christy from her desk. The teen shuddered, that smile was full of possessive ownership. She so wanted free of the coven, but that could wait. She needed the coven right now.

"I need to speak to you in private, Ms. Franklin."

The teacher glanced at the students filing in. "Let's go in to the lab, okay."

The biology lab was adjacent to the classroom. Made of rows of work benches, each with a built in sink and natural gas spigots for the Bunsen burners. Ms. Franklin locked the door leading to the classroom, then looked concerned at the teen. Christy realized that she most look like a sweaty mess after practically running here.

"What's wrong, Amber?" The teacher always used her coven name.

"I found the Genie!" she blurted out.

"Where?" Greed burned in Ms. Franklin's green eyes.

"She's here at the school." Christy took a deep breath. Once Aaliyah was gone, everything would go back to normal. "Aaliyah Unmei."

The teacher frowned. "The new Sophomore transfer? I just had her last period. She's your boyfriend's wife, right?" The teacher's look became incredulous. "No, you're his fiancee now, right?"

"Yeah." Christy frowned. How did she know that?

"That girl couldn't be the Genie," the redheaded teacher dismissed. "I sensed no power from her."

"She is!" Christy insisted. "Don't you think it's weird that Kyle has a wife and a fiancee? And let's not forget Chyna, his concubine. When did you last hear of anyone having a concubine? This isn't bible times!"

"What's so strange about that? Kyle is a great man, and their allowed to have more than one wife, and all the concubines he wants. I can understand that you're jealous. So just break up with him, but don't try and tell me that slip of a girl is a Genie."

"How did you know we're engaged? He just proposed to me this morning. And I haven't told anyone?"

The teacher frowned. "Someone must of told me."

"Who?"

"I can't remember." The teacher's eyebrows furrowed. "How odd. I'm sure I heard one of your friends ... but you said you didn't tell anyone."

"And is there any other person in the world that you think should have more than one wife?"

Ms. Franklin frowned, thinking. "Well, no."

"Then what makes Kyle so special?"

"I ... I don't know. He just is a great man." The teacher frowned more. "Why do I keep saying that?"

Christy slammed her fist on the table. "Because Aaliyah is his Genie. He made a wish that everyone would accept his relationships!"

Her teacher stumbled back, slumping onto a lab stool. "I'm under her power? She messed with my mind? But ... but I didn't feel a thing!" For a moment, she sat there, staring at Christy, her jaw hanging open, and then the greed returned to her green eyes. "I didn't feel a thing. Oh, Goddess, she has that much power. We need to plan. Tonight."

"Yes," Christy nodded. The sooner Aaliyah is gone, the sooner I can have Kyle back.

Kyle was on cloud nine when third period ended. Christy was willing to share him!

Between that happy news, and the knowledge he could have any girl he wanted, made focusing in class a lot harder. Sure he could have any girl, but he didn't want to force them. He wanted them to be willing; he wanted them to submit. Just like Shannon Coel had yesterday. A submissive girl he could dominate and fold into his harem.

It was far more satisfying that way.

But which girls were those? He stewed about it all through gym and English.

Since and he and Britney shared English, they walked to the cafeteria together. They didn't get far when Aaliyah appeared out of nowhere, hooking his arm and leaning her head on his shoulder. "How's your first day going?"

"It is an adjustment," she answered. "Though Ms. Franklin seemed nice."

Kyle grinned; he had the beautiful, fiery-haired teacher last year. "Yeah, I liked her when she taught me last year."

His wife laughed wickedly. "I bet you more than liked her."

"Fine. I jerked off thinking about her."

"Brother!"

Fatima ran up and threw her arms around his neck and kissed him with fiery passion. A few passing students sniggered, but none seemed to think it was inappropriate that his younger sister kissed him so thoroughly—Aaliyah's wish in action.

"So how did she take it?" Fatima demanded, bouncing on her heals like she was standing on hot coals. "Did she says yes? Please say she said yes!"

"She did." Kyle's grin was broad as his little sister whooped for joy.

"I'm going to eat her pussy so well!" she exclaimed. That prompted a few more sniggers and looks from the other students. "I'm so happy. Christy is the best!"

"Come on, she usually beats me to the cafeteria."

A wife on each arm, Kyle threaded through the hallway. A few of the guys gave him thumbs-up, and a few of the girls had bright cheeks and slight smiles. That gave a Kyle an idea. "Aaliyah, is there a way I can see which girls are submissive. Ones that aren't in love, or have boyfriends or girlfriends."

"The type of girl you can dominate, like Ms. Coel?" Aaliyah asked, her lush lips pursed in a naughty grin.

"You're such a horndog, big bro!"

"Yeah. I want to add a few more concubines, I guess."

Aaliyah nodded. "I'm glad you are taking this serious, my husband. You will be a powerful man one day, and powerful men need to prove their strength by having a large harem."

"Well, that's my wish."

The auras appeared around every girl. They ranged from the deepest maroon to the lightest pink, with every shade of red between. "The pinker the aura, the more willing to be dominated the girl is." Aaliyah pointed out a slightly chubby girl that Kyle didn't know. "See how pink her aura is, it's almost white. You could easily make her yours. But that girl over there with the bright red aura, she'd be very difficult. Anyone darker would be impossible."

"You are the best, Aaliyah." Kyle gave her a quick kiss.

They reached the cafeteria, and it was bustling. Chyna waved at them from a table that already had trays of food. She knelt before Kyle and his wives when they arrived. "Master! I have gotten you and your wives their food."

"Thank you," Kyle answered. More eyes were on them, and he noticed the girls that seemed to be blushing and smiling were the ones with pink auras, while the girls that looked disgusted had the red ones.

"You are such a lucky guy," Corey, one of his friends, said as he sat down at the table. "How did you get so lucky to have two hot wives and a sexy slave."

"That's three hot wives," Christy chimed in, her face a little flustered. "So this is your other wi—" Her eyes widened when she realized it was his little sister.

"Christy!" squealed Fatima. His little sister let go of his arms and enthusiastically kissed Christy. That brought a lot of cat-calls and wolf-whistles from the boys in the cafeteria. "I'm so glad you accepted."

"Y-you're one of his wives?" Christy gasped, choking on her words. "B-but, your his s-sister!"

"So?" Fatima asked. "I've loved him longer than he's known you. And thanks to Aaliyah, I get to share him with you."

"I ... what..."

"You get two Unmei's to make love to," Fatima continued. "Double your pleasure, double your fun!" She paused, like she was waiting for someone to say something. No one did—she sighed in disappointment. "Anyway, I can't wait to eat your pussy. Thanks to Aaliyah, I've grown to love it, and Kyle says you taste delicious.

Christy flushed, and Kyle pulled her down onto the bench next to him. "She came on to me," he whispered into her ear. "I guess I've always loved her deep down, I just never wanted to admit it."

"It's incest, Kyle." She still sounded like she was choking on a fish bone.

"It's love!" declared Fatima, her voice full of fire. "I love Kyle, and he loves me. You accepted his proposal, you're willing to share him, so what's the big deal?"

"I..." Christy looked helpless, then sighed. "I do love him. I can't lose him so..."

"So you'll let me eat your pussy?" Fatima asked, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

Christy collapsed under Fatima's stare. "Yes. I guess I can find out if you're as good as your brother."

Lunch was a lot of fun. Kyle had Aaliyah on one side and Christy on the other, both smelling sweet, and their bodies warm as they pressed against him. Fatima plopped herself on Chyna's lap and made the concubine feed her. Britney sat next to the pair, reading from a text book. His other friends laughed and joked, and bemoaned their lack of beautiful concubines.

When lunch ended, Kyle had drafting, another class he shared with Britney. His eyes kept falling on girls with pink auras. He wanted to find the next girl for his harem. A blonde. None of his wives or concubines were blonde.

He spotted one as they neared their drafting class. Alexina.

"I'll catch up," Kyle muttered to Britney, his attention focused on the blonde girl and her lovely face set with green-eyes and red lips. Her aura was a light pink, not as light as the chubby girl, but still someone looking to be taken in hand.

Britney glanced at Alexina and shook her head. "Do you not have enough women, Kyle?"

"Nope."

"You should dump Christy, and marry Alexina. She will not break your heart."

He wanted to ask Britney why she seemed to hate Christy so much and pry that secret out of her, but Alexina walked by, and her rear was quite shapely beneath her tight jeans. He reached out and grabbed her hand. "I need to talk to you, Alexina."

"Oh, what?"

Britney just shook her head, and headed into the classroom. Kyle made his wish; no-one would interrupt them. He took her and pushed her up against the locker. She squirmed, opening her mouth to object; he silenced her with a kiss. She froze, then struggled harder.

"Stop resisting," he whispered when he broke the kiss. "You know you want this."

"Please, stop!"

"I can look at you and tell. You're a submissive slut that wants some strong guy to make you his toy."

She shook her head, curls of blonde hair—streaked with pink highlights—danced about her head. "No. Please, Kyle."

He froze for moment. Maybe Aaliyah was wrong? What if the girl doesn't want this? He stared into her green eyes. She blushed, licking her lips. Her struggles seemed to lesson and her eyes went downcast. No, he could see how much she really enjoyed this. Her hips wiggled, pressing her groin against his hardening cock.

"Please. Someone will see us."

Kyle slid his hands down her side and unbuttoned her jeans. They were tight, and it took some work to shove his hands into her crotch. Her panties were cotton, and damp around her pussy. He grinned, and rubbed her.

"I know you want this," he hissed. "You're a naughty slut that just wants to be told what to do."

"I'm a good girl," she protested. "I don't want that."

"Then why are you so wet?"

"No I'm not!"

He jerked his fingers out, moisture beading on them. She smelled tart. He shoved his finger under her nose; nostrils flared as she inhaled. "Then what's that on my finger. Smells like pussy juices to me."

"Please!" she moaned, her lips smiling. "Don't do this."

He shoved his hands down her jeans and into her panties. Her bush was soft and damp. She gasped as he shoved a finger inside her warm depths. "If you really want me to stop, then say, 'Kyle, I'm not a submissive slut, please remove your finger from my vagina.' Say that, and I'll stop."

His thumb pressed on her clit, she moaned a second time.

"Say it, and I'll stop making your naughty cunt feel this good."

"Kyle," she whispered. "I'm not a sub-submissive slut, p-please remove..." He slipped a second finger inside her, pumping them rapidly in and out of her juicy sheath.

"You didn't finish. You have to say the whole phrase." He paused, kissing her neck. "Unless you are a submissive slut."

"No, I'm not!" she moaned.

"Then just say the phrase!"

"Kyle, I'm not a sub-sub ... oh, god!" Tears glistened in her green eyes. "Please, stop!"

"You know how to make me stop!"

His other hand slid under her purple top. Her breasts were tiny, even though she was a Senior, and her little A cups that didn't need a bra for support. Her nipple felt tiny beneath his fingers, a little pebble for his fingers to play with.

"You're a submissive slut, aren't you?" he demanded, pinching her nipple. "Just admit it. Ask to be my concubine, and I'll treat you just like you've always fantasized about alone in your bed. I'll make you my slut. I'll degrade you, humiliate you. I'll make you mine!"

"Yes!" she moaned, bucking against the lockers as she came. "Yes! I'm a submissive slut! Oh, god! I've always thought about it! It makes me so hot just thinking about being used by a strong man."

"Then you'll be my concubine?"

"Yes! Do whatever you want to me!"

"Get on your knees and suck my cock like the bitch you are!"

She dropped to her knees and unzipped his jeans with great haste. Her green eyes shone with lust, and she kept licking her red lips. She stared in awe at his cock, then engulfed it with her mouth and sucked him like her life depended on it. He leaned back against the locker, stroked her blonde hair, and savored the girl's mouth.

"That's it, dirty whore!" he groaned. "You're a good cocksucker!"

Her tongue swirled around his tip, and then she bobbed her head. Her hand shoved into her pants, rapidly frigging herself. He enjoyed her blowjob for a few minutes, until he felt his balls boiling. He roughly shoved her off his cock.

"On your knees, then beg for me to fuck you like the dirty bitch you are!"

She shoved her jeans down her hips, followed by a pair of white panties. Her ass was flat and pale, and her pussy was easily visible through her downy, gold pubes. She had fat lips that, dark red, surrounding the pink of her gash.

"Fuck me like the dirty bitch I am!" she moaned, looking at him. "Please, Kyle!"

"You're my bitch forever, right?"

"Yes!" She wiggled her ass at him. "I'm so horny! Please! I've never been so horny in my life! Use me as your fuck toy! Cum in me or on me, I don't care! Just fuck me!"

He knelt behind her and shoved his cock into her tight hole. He savored her spongy flesh as he pounded her cunt. His balls slapped against her clit, and she howled like a wild animal. He grabbed a lock of her blonde hair, pulling on it as he rode her tight ass.

"Fucking whore!" he groaned. "I want to feel you cum on my cock. I love feeling a dirty bitch cum on me."

"Yes!" she moaned, slamming her hips back. "Fuck me harder! I'll cum! I'm so close! Oh, god! I've never been fucked this hard!"

The empty hallway echoed with the slap of their flesh, and their animalistic grunts. He fucked her hard, just like she begged, and she quickly arched her back and came hard on his cock. Her cunt squeezed down on him, making her canal a wonderful paradise to plunge into.

"That's it, my dirty, little whore! You came because I treated you like a bitch!"

"Yes!" she screamed. "I'm your dirty bitch!"

He pulled out of her and yanked her hair until her cheek rubbed against his cock. Then he jerked his fist furiously up and down his greased shaft. The pressure grew and grew and grew, then he erupted on her face. White strands streaked across her cheek and and forehead, dripping thick down her face. Another blast landed in her blonde hair, and the final one landed on her purple blouse.

"You're going to wear my cum all day, bitch!" he grunted—with Aaliyah's wishes, he felt invincible. He could live out whatever perverted fantasy filled his mind. He didn't have to bury them in the depths of his soul because of society's judgmental rules.

"Oh, god, everyone's going to see." Her lips curled into a slight, pleased smile.

Kyle grinned at her. "And you'll tell them exactly whose cum it is, won't you."

"Yes!"

He nodded. "After school, I'll speak to your parents and have them sign a concubine contract so it'll be official."

"Yes, Kyle."

"Master," he corrected.

"Yes, Master."

Kyle pulled her to her feet and helped her pull up her jeans. They walked into drafting class; Mr. Wilkie was not pleased that they were late. "Miss Kendrick, you will wash your face clean this instant!" their teacher bellowed.

"I can't do that," she answered, wilting beneath the teacher's demands. "I'm Kyle's now. And he wants me to wear his cum proudly."

Mr. Wilkie's face went red and he spluttered. "That's it! We're going to see the Principal this instant!"

Kyle gave the teacher an insolent grin. "Will we?" Aaliyah, I wish to be out of trouble with Mr. Wilkie.

I can't change that now, my love, her worried thought sent back. It's too late. You've been caught.

Kyle groaned, he was learning all about Aaliyah's limitations as he marched behind the teacher. So I have to make a wish not to get in trouble before I have my fun?

*Yes. Oh, I hope it's not serious?

Kyle had a sinking feeling it would be as he looked at the glowering face of Mr. Wilkie.

Principal Burke was a distinguished looking man, his black hair just graying, and in great shape for a guy in his fifties, or even his thirties. And he did not look pleased, especially when he saw what decorated Alexina's face.

"I'm surprised to see you here, Kyle," he spoke.

Kyle flushed. "Sorry. Alexina and I ... well, she's my new concubine. And I'm afraid we got carried away."

"And that's why your semen decorates this young woman's face?"

"Yeah."

"He won't let her clean it off," Mr. Wilkie interjected. "The little degenerate—"

Principal Burke cut him off with a wave of his hand. "I'll take care of this Brooks. Get back to your class."

"Fine." Kyle could hear the teacher muttering under his breath as he left.

Principal Burke's eyes fell on Kyle, and he shrank in his chair. "I'll have Alexina clean herself up. She shouldn't be in trouble, she was just obeying me."

"Of course. Go clean up and head back to class, young lady."

She gave Kyle a fond look, then retreated out of the class.

The Principal stared at Kyle, his brown eyes felt like augurs boring into him. Kyle squirmed, running a hand through his black hair. Finally, Burke spoke: "Kyle, I know it's hard at your age to resist your hormones. And having women at school with whom you have a sexual relationship can be quite a distraction, but you can't do those sorts of activities at school."

"Of course, Principal Burke. I'm sorry."

"These activities should be saved for the privacy of your bedroom, not our school."

"I am really sorry, sir," Kyle muttered. "It won't happen again."

The Principal nodded. "I should suspend you Kyle, but you've never been in trouble before. So I'll let you off with a warning. This time." His voice grew hard.

Kyle nodded, "Of course, sir."

"You're a good kid, you have a fine future. And it starts in High School. So keep those hormones under control."

"I'll do better, sir." Next time I'll make sure I don't get caught, Kyle blinked, realizing he missed what the principal just said. So he nodded, and took the Principal's proffered hand, wincing; The old man had an iron grip, and he felt a warm flush of shame. All those years of martial arts, and the fifty-year-old had a better grip.

"How's your wife settling in?" the Principal asked.

"Aaliyah seems to be fitting in fine, sir."

"Good, good. She seems like a great girl. I'm thrilled to have her at the school." A sly grin appeared on the older man's lips. "Just keep it in your pants, okay."

"Yeah."

"Okay, you can head back to class."

Alexina waited outside for him, her face still damp. She hugged him, and he felt a little better. "I'm sorry," she whispered.

"It's not our fault. I just got carried away."

Christy walked into the biology lab after school. Ms. Franklin and the rest of the coven waited. They stood in a circle, and she took her place between Opal and Sable.

"What's going on?" Sable asked. "I thought we weren't supposed to meet at school."

"Amber has news," Ms. Franklin answered, looking at Christy.

"The Genie is the new girl," Christy said.

"Really, Lexie?" Onxy asked.

Christy blinked. "Who?"

"Lexie Lyndon, I think. She's a brunette with curly hair. She started today. I have chemistry with her."

"No. Aaliyah. Kyle's wife." She grimaced, hating to say to call the Genie that. The stupid slut is stealing my Kyle and I am not going to stand for that!

"Oh her?" Garnet piped in, running a hand through her thick, black hair. "She's in my gym class. She seems so ... normal."

"Amber has convinced me," Ms. Franklin added. "So we need to figure out how we're going to capture her. Ideas?"

"I have a plan." All six other members of the Coven looked at Christy as she explained how they were going to capture the Genie and drain her powers. Christy wasn't sure what would happen to Aaliyah after that. They wouldn't kill her, right? She'd just go back to being a human.

And then Kyle will go back to his normal self and love only me!
Chapter 8 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 7 |   Bottom
Chapter 8: The Dream of the Genie
Posted: October 18, 2014 - 11:14:58 am
Updated: October 23, 2014 - 10:20:14 am

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Tuesday, January 19th – South Hill, Washington

Kyle, his three wives, and three concubines piled into his mom's SUV. The school had called his mother at work, and she had been furious last night when she had returned home. Kyle had been set down on the couch, Aaliyah on his right, Christy on his left, Fatima on his lap, and his three concubines—Alexina, Chyna, and Shannon—sat on the floor.

"What were you thinking, Kyle?" his mother had demanded, her dusky face dark with anger. "Fooling around with a girl at school. Even if she is your concubine."

"It's my fault..." Alexina had started to say.

"I very much doubt that, dear." There was no anger when she addressed the blonde concubine.

"Sorry, Mom," Kyle answered. It had been a long time since he had been in trouble, and he felt like a mouse before the owl, trying to cower into the couch.

"Just sorry?"

"I ... I let myself get carried away."

"And has there been any other messing around at school?"

Kyle and his harem all claimed no, shaking their heads emphatically. She frowned at their attempts at innocence. "I don't want to hear about any more hanky-panky. You keep that stuff to the privacy of your bedroom."

"Yes, mom."

"No car or allowance for two months." She fixed her eyes on the women. "And none of you give him any of your allowances."

"But..." Aaliyah started to say, then shrank back. "Yes, Mother."

"He needs money to pay concubine dowries," Fatima pointed out.

"Don't you have enough concubines, Kyle?" Her eyes had flickered to the three sitting on the floor. "I'm mean, Shannon's my age. Isn't this a little much? How many women do you need?"

Kyle had shrugged, not sure how to answer his mom and tell her about the desires Aaliyah had unleashed in him.

"Your son is a great man," Aaliyah had stated. "And great men need lots of women."

"Great men don't think with their cocks! They don't break the school rules and almost get in real trouble! You could have messed up your enitre future, Kyle! How great would you be if you don't get into college?"

"Your son will be great regardless of college." Aaliyah had reached over and had squeezed his hand.

"Well you can be a great man without allowance or a car. So I guess you won't be getting any more concubines for a while."

"He has enough money," Shannon had piped in. "He has my savings now, that should be more than enough to cover any new concubines."

"Fine." His mom had eyed everyone. "You will all be in trouble if I hear there's any hanky-panky going on at school. I was a teenage girl once, and I know just how much your hormones are raging. Kyle is not the only one guilty in this mess."

Her lecture had gone on for another fifteen minutes, and then she let them stew while she cooked dinner. After dinner, Kyle and his harem had retired to his room, and that had quickly devolved into an orgy. His bed had grown large enough to fit Kyle and his three wives, and a group of pillows covered the floor for the concubines to lounge on.

When he had come down for breakfast this morning, his mom was still mad, moving stiffly around the kitchen, and not saying much. She had confiscated his car keys, and ushered them out to her SUV, leaving Shannon to get ready for her own job.

It was silent in the car ride. Britney showed no reaction when they pulled up at her house and she climbed into the passenger seat, calm as always. "Hello, Mrs. Unmei."

"Hi," his mom smiled. "Kyle has lost his car privileges and will be taking the bus home tonight. Sorry."

"I understand. Kyle needs to be more discriminating about where he sticks his penis." Britney glanced back and Kyle thought her gaze lingered on Christy for a moment.

"I want you to keep a close watch on him. Keep him out of trouble."

"I will, Mrs. Unmei." His best friend looked Kyle in the eyes and, for a moment, her eyes seemed to reflect light like a cat, glowing green. "I will see that no harm comes to him."

"I knew I could count on you," his mom cheerfully said. "Unlike some girls in this car. And I'm talking about you, Fatima."

"Hey," his sister-wife protested with mock indignity. "I'm a perfect saint."

"As perfect as me," purred Chyna, who pulled her skirt up to flash Kyle her naked pussy.

"Exactly," Fatima nodded, grinning—she had gotten an eyeful of concubine snatch, too.

When they arrived at the school, his mom dragged him off to the schools office. "I want you to apologize to the Principal and thank him for not suspending you."

"Yes, mom," he muttered.

He felt like every one of his classmates was smirking at him as he followed his mom through the hallways. It was humiliating, he felt like a child instead of a nearly grown man. All his wives and concubines had abandoned him, claiming the need to get to class. It was probably true, but it still felt like he was being abandoned.

"What's your mom doing here?" Braiden sneered as he walked by. "And where are all your concubines? Did your mom take them away."

Kyle's fist clenched and he wanted to just deck the asshole.

"If you're grounded, I bet Christy is going to need someone to date."

"That's quite rude, young man," his mom snapped. "That's my daughter-in-law you're talking about."

Kyle groaned. "Come on, mom. Just drop it."

"You used to be a nice, young man, Braiden."

"Geez, need your mom to defend you."

"Come on, let's go see the principal," Kyle said, grabbing his hand. "Braiden's just jealous because no girl will date him while I got more women than he could ever handle."

Braiden's face turned red as Kyle and his mom walked off.

His mom marched him into the office and past the secretary, knocking on the Principal's open door. "Come in," he called. "Mrs. Unmei?" he asked, stepping up from his desk and walking around. "It's so nice to see you."

Kyle didn't like the smile on his lips. Then the Principal took his hand and crushed it as he shook. The man was a fit looking guy in his fifties, and his hand had the strength to prove it.

"What can I do for you today, Mrs. Unmei?"

"You can call me Faiza."

"What a lovely name." Kyle was surprised to see his mom blush. "Is this about the incident yesterday?"

His mom nudged him. "I just wanted to apologize for my behavior yesterday," Kyle muttered. "And thank you for not suspending me."

"You're a good, young man," Principal Burke answered. "You just let your hormones get the best of you. And it isn't like a ... sexual relationship isn't to be expected between you and Miss Alexina. Just use better judgment in the future about where you two ... express your love."

"I will, sir." I'll make my wish with Aaliyah better next time.

"Good lad." The Principal flicked his eyes back to Kyle's mother. "Why don't you head to class while I have a few words with your mother."

Kyle glanced at his mom, her cheeks still flushed, and she nodded. "I'll see you after school. And no hanky-panky!"

"Yeah," he muttered, giving her a quick peck on the cheek. "Love ya, mom."

"You, too," she smiled. It seemed her anger had finally burned out. He didn't like the look she flashed the principal one bit.

He arrived at his first period class, Math, and took his seat beside Christy. He didn't hesitate to give her a kiss on the mouth. Everyone in the school knew she was one of his wives now, and though many snickered, Aleah Buckley had a dreamy look in her eyes—her aura was a bright pink, easy to dominate.

"Okay, settle down class," busty Mrs. Skinner said, giving Kyle an amused smile. "Let's try and save that for after class. I know your wife is cute, but let's not distract your classmates."

"Yes, Mrs. Skinner," Christy answered, flushing. "You know how being a newlywed is."

A fond smile crossed the teachers lips. "I do." Last year, Mrs. Skinner had been Ms. Simmons, but then she married the computer science teacher over the summer break.

Kyle focused on math and not on Aleah and her oh-so-pink aura. He decided hanky-panky could wait for breaks, and he and his harem should focus on their schoolwork. In fact, after kendo practice tonight, he'd insist that they spend the night studying and doing homework, and not let another orgy develop. Those could wait for the weekend. As it was, Kyle had to copy Christy's math homework before breakfast this morning because he didn't get it done yesterday.

Kyle's new-found resolve didn't last one period. It was his friend Corey's fault. "Who are you gonna take for your next concubine," his friend asked, running his hand through his shaggy, red hair.

Sexy Carla Tyler was in his gym class, and she had a pink aura. The Sophomore had coppery-brown hair and a nice pair of tits that bounced beneath her tight, gray sweatshirt. And her ass filled out her blue sweatpants wonderfully. Corey grinned. "You going for her?"

"I think so."

"You dog, Kyle."

"You'll get in trouble," Braiden sneered. "Your mommy's not here to hold your hand and keep you out of danger."

"Fuck off, Braiden," Corey shouted.

Braiden's words were almost a challenge as he turned his attention back to sweet Carla's rear as she bent over to stretch. Aaliyah sidled up to him. Gym was the first class he shared with his Genie, and she followed his stare.

"She is quite beautiful, my love." Her voice was smoky and full of desire.

"Yeah," he nodded, his cock tenting his gym sweats.

"Kyle's gonna make her his concubine," Corey laughed.

It wouldn't hurt to mess around in gym class, right? It's not an academic class, and we will be getting plenty of strenuous activity. "Aaliyah," he whispered, leaning over to her, "I wish that no one would care if I took Carla behind the bleachers and fucked her brains out and that there could be no bad consequences for me, her, or any other party."

Her grin grew. "You have covered your bases well, my love." Approval danced in her dark eyes. "Done."

"Time to have some fun, Corey."

"Right now? You dog."

He walked over to Carla and seized her arm. "What's going on?" she asked as he pulled her back to the bleachers, walking past Braiden, smirking at the asshole. His former friend didn't object, but Kyle could see the jealousy burning.

So satisfying.

"Kyle?" She didn't resist much. "What are we doing, Kyle?"

He turned, grinning at her as he led them deeper behind the bleachers, his eyes admiring her hot body.

She blushed. "Are you going to ... like with Alexina?"

He didn't answer, only smiled more.

"She told everyone last period that you took her in the hallway and made her yours." Color spotted her fair cheeks. "Are you going to do that to me?"

Kyle stopped when they were deep enough, reaching out to stroke her cheek, his cock at full mast, pressing against his sweatpants.

Her brown, does eyes glanced down at his cock and her blush brightened. "Do you want me to be your concubine?"

He grinned at her, and she shivered.

"I'll be yours," she whispered. "You're making me so wet. Make me yours, Kyle. I've been thinking about it all night. I want to be one of your women."

She knelt, and pulled his sweats down. She looked up at him, trembling, then pulled his boxers down. His hard cock popped out and smacked her in the face. She flinched and let out a squeak. She stared at his throbbing dick for a moment, a drop of precum beading at the tip, then she engulfed him. Her technique was sloppy, unsure, but enthusiastic.

Kyle wondered if it was her first time. It didn't matter. It may not have been the best blowjob, but it still was a girl sucking his cock.

"Enjoying yourself, my husband."

"Yes," he answered, grinning at her. His wife looked sexy in her gray sweater and blue sweatpants. Instead of being baggy, the garments fit the Genie like a second skin—she had read his thoughts again. "Shouldn't you be out there with the others?" His wish hadn't covered Aaliyah.

"I am," she giggled. "Or, at least, my illusion is."

He held out his arm and pulled his wife to him and kissed her on the lips. She grabbed a handful of Carla's hair and forced the girl to bob faster. Kyle kissed Aaliyah again, slipping his tongue into her mouth, while he slipped a hand under her sweatshirt and groped her bare breast below. Aaliyah didn't like bras, so she didn't wear them. Kyle didn't mind; those sweet melons looked so delicious as they swayed and jiggled beneath her tight top.

Aaliyah purred into his lips as he played with her hard nipple. His hips started thrusting, his balls boiling with lust. His wife held Carla's head, and he fucked her mouth harder and harder. She didn't resist. His balls tightened, his body tensed, and then that mind-numbing moment when all his pleasure erupted out of him.

He panted. Carla sucked a few times, then popped his dick out of her mouth. "Am I yours, Kyle."

"Yes," he answered. "Aaliyah, I'll need you to visit her parents during lunch and deal with all the paperwork. I'm grounded, after all."

Aaliyah grinned, "My illusion is taking care of it as we speak."

"That is a handy ability," Kyle groaned.

Aaliyah nodded, then grabbed Carla's head. "You seem to know how to handle a cock, so let's see what you can do with a pussy."

"I've done that a few times," Carla admitted.

"Really?" Kyle asked. "With whom?"

"Maricruz," she answered. "She likes to make it with girls at her slumber parties."

The Spanish beauty was in Kyle's drama class, and he never knew she was a lesbian. She also had a dark-red aura, one of the strongest he's ever seen. I bet she's like me, seducing the submissive girls. The thought of Maricruz going down on her friends at a slumber party made his cock hard. He was glad he made that wish for sexual stamina, and knelt behind Carla and yanked her sweatpants and pink panties down. Her cunt was surrounded by a thick bush of red hair matted with her passion.

Carla groaned into his wife's pussy as he fucked her cunt. She was tight. No hymen, but Kyle would bet she's had nothing bigger than a pencil inside her. He enjoyed her tight sheath for the rest of gym class. Gym wasn't math; fucking was a form of physical activity after all.

She made Aaliyah cum twice. Then his Genie wife got on all fours and had Carla eat her ass out and came a third time. Carla popped off twice like a firework, and enjoyed eating his wife's ass out as much as her pussy.

Then Aaliyah grabbed Carla's copper-brown hair, and the Genie shoved Carla's face into her pussy. Carla's cunt tightened on Kyle as his wife pissed into her mouth. Kyle fucked his new concubine harder, enjoying the depraved sounds of a woman drinking pee. Carla didn't try to pull away, just drank her piss down.

"Dirty bitch!" Kyle grunted, his passion gathering in his balls, then he erupted into her sweet cunt. "Dirty ... fucking ... bitch!"

"Is that what I am now?" Carla asked after he pulled out, her pussy dripping with his cum.

"You wanted to be my concubine, right?"

She nodded her head. "I've always fantasized about being treated this way. I just..."

"Never thought it would happen?"

"Yeah." She swallowed, licking her piss and pussy stained lips. "I'm your dirty bitch."

"I want you to tell everyone of your friends how I treated you behind the bleachers and how much you loved it!"

Fatima found third period gym to be her new favorite subject. Aaliyah had turned her on to girls in a big way, and she had quite the feast when she walked in and saw her fellow Freshman undressing. Every girl was different. Some had the tiniest breasts, and others were developing quite nicely, jiggling as they moved about. And their nipples! None were the same. Small, pink ones. Thick, dark ones. Fat, dusky ones.

Her mouth watered.

"What are you looking at?" Ann asked her. Ann was one of her many friends. Fatima had grown a clique of girls since starting high school. Some, like strawberry-blonde Ann, were her friends from Stahl Junior High, and others she had met at the beginning of the school year.

"Girls," Fatima grinned, then fixed her eyes on Ann's bare tits. They were so cute, perky, and topped with mauve nipples. They were bigger than her own little mosquito bites.

Ann blushed almost as red as her strawberry-blonde hair, and she quickly pulled on her sports bra. Niomi, another friend, threw back her head and laughed at blushing Ann. She didn't flinch as Fatima fixed her eyes on the Black girl's budding tits.

"I thought you were married, Fatima," Niomi grinned. "Why you checkin' out the girls."

"Kyle's the only man for me. But that doesn't mean I can't have all the hot chicks I want."

Ann's blush grew.

"You've been with girls?" Ann asked.

Is that curiosity I hear in her voice? "I have!" Fatima pulled her blouse off. She didn't bother with a bra; her breasts had barely sprouted. Niomi's dark eyes flashed down, and a tingle passed through Fatima's pussy. "My husband has two wives and three concubines, and I've sampled all of their juicy pussies."

Ann's mouthed "wow."

"You little slut," giggled Niomi. "I wish I could get my boyfriend to go down on me. He begs and begs for me to suck him off, but will he return the favor? Nope!"

"You should hold out," Fatima declared. "Trust me! Getting your pussy licked is wonderful."

Niomi shuddered, squeezing her thighs. "You are so lucky!" A sly smile appeared on her ebony face. "Is it true your brother fucked Alexina at school and gave her a facial?"

"A facial?" Ann asked.

"He shot his cum all over her face," Niomi answered. "So, is it true?"

"Oh, yeah," I giggled. "And mom freaked out when she found out."

"Alexina just let him ... do that to her?" Ann's blue eyes were wide.

"She's a submissive slut. My husband dominated her and made her beg to be his." She threw her arm around Ann's neck. "Do you want to be his little slut."

"We need to get going or we'll get in trouble," whispered Ann, looking down.

"Would you like me to lick your little cunny?" she whispered in her friend's ear.

"That sounds fun," Niomi grinned. "My pussy is so wet. I need a nice cum."

"Come on girls!" Mr. Benjaminson, their gym teacher, yelled from the entrance.

Fatima pulled on her gray sweatshirt and grinned at her friends. "I think we're going to have some fun!"

Today was indoor volleyball. Hey, Aaliyah!

What are you up to? Aaliyah asked in her mind, amusement tinging her thoughts.

Me and my friends are going to go have fun in the storeroom. I wish that Mr. Benjaminson doesn't care!

I can't do that.

"What?" she screamed out loud, bringing a startled glance from Ann.

That's not part of the hearth or harem. I don't have the power to help you.

If it was Kyle, you'd do it!

That's why I'm here, Fatima. I'm from the twelfth century. They were not nearly so progressive. I can only help Kyle out or you if will benefit him in some way. Is he with you?

No. Fatima sulked.

She stewed as the class went through their stretches, not even taking the time to admire Kayleah's cute ass as it wiggled in her face as the blonde girl did her stretches. It is not fair! I'm Kyle's wife! What's his is mine!

The weather was nasty, so the class had to jog around the perimeter of the gym instead of the track outside. Fatima barely paid attention as she jogged, her thoughts burning with an idea. What's his is mine, and what's mine is his. If I phrased my request to benefit Kyle...

Aaliyah! I need to fool around with my friends in the mat room because I'm testing out if they would make good concubines for Kyle. And I need Mr. Benjaminson not to care.

Aaliyah didn't respond right away; Fatima took that as a good sign.

Hmm. Yes. I think that satisfies the requirements nicely. Have fun! I want to hear all the dirty details later!

She let out a whoop of joy, and half the class stared at her. She didn't care. Oh, thank you, thank you! I love you, Aaliyah!

You're welcome. You and Kyle sure have a lot in common.

Oh?

Kyle and I had gym last period, and he decided he'd rather entertain a new concubine than participate in gym class!

That's our husband!

Fatima, giggling, broke out of the ranks and found her two friends. Ann was lagging behind. She wasn't the most athletic girl despite her petite figure. And Niomi hated to run, so she paced Ann. Fatima grabbed both their hands and started leading them across the gym towards the store room where the gymnastic mats were housed.

"What are we doing?" Ann asked.

"I'm going to lick your pussy, Ann."

"We'll get in trouble!" the strawberry-blonde girl gasped.

"Mr. Benjaminson, we'll be fooling around in the storeroom!"

"Sure, sure," the short man answered, waving a wrinkled hand. He blew his whistle. "Okay. Volleyball. Divide up into groups of six."

"See. We'll be fine."

Niomi gaped at Fatima. "How did you do that?"

She winked back. "I have my ways. Now let's have some fun!"

The moment the door was closed, Fatima peeled out of her sweats. Niomi shrugged at Ann, and striped as well. She had a curvy body and a rich, dark skin that looked so yummy. Ann just blushed, leaning against the wall.

"C'mon, Ann," Fatima cajoled. "Let's see that cute cunny!"

She shook her head.

Fatima walked over to her, stroking her cheek. "You're so beautiful. I just want to see you in all your naked glory. I want to kiss every inch of your body, until you cream all over my face."

Ann stiffened as she kissed her lips. Fatima fluttered her tongue against her friend's lips, gently teasing. Ann parted, and Fatima darted in, exploring every inch of her friend's mouth. When she broke the kiss, Ann breathed heavily, her blue eyes shining with awakened passion.

"See, wasn't that nice? Why don't you get naked so we can see your cute body."

"I can't," she whispered. "This is too much, Fatima."

"Fine," Fatima smiled. "You can watch while I make Niomi scream my name."

"Ohh, that sounds like fun!" Niomi purred, stretching out on a blue gym mat. Her legs spread; her pussy a pink gash surrounded by her dark skin and neatly trimmed, black pubes.

"Doesn't she look yummy, Ann?" Ann didn't answer, so Fatima shrugged and fell to her knees, ready to feast.

"Holy shit!" Niomi gasped as Fatima dove right into her spicy snatch. "Oh, my god, that feels so much better than my fingers!"

Fatima laughed, then ran her tongue around Niomi's fat clit. Her friend's hips jerked as she swirled around the pink nub, then her new lover's hips really jerked when she sucked Niomi's clit into her hungry lips.

"Keep doing that! Oh, my god! I'm going to cum! Don't stop! Oh, fuck! Please don't stop!"

Fatima hadn't planned on it, and kept feasting on her friend's tasty snatch. She slipped a finger inside her friend, probing in deep. There was no hymen, and Fatima wondered if Niomi had let her boyfriend fuck her. She nibbled at her clit. Niomi erupted. Her pussy convulsed about Fatima's probing finger, and she screamed Fatima's name as her body writhed on the gym mat.

Movement flashed in the corner of Fatima's eye. Ann knelt down beside her, and Fatima was pleased to see Ann's hand shoved down her sweatpants, diddling her pussy.

"Do you want to taste?" she asked Ann with a big grin. Pussy juices dripped off her chin, landing with a splat on the vinyl gym mat.

Ann nodded, her cheeks red. Fatima took her hand and pulled her between Niomi's legs.

"Oh, eat me, Ann!" Niomi begged. "I need to feel that again! It was wonderful!"

The shy girl licked her lips—Fatima thought she looked so adorable, her cute face framed by strawberry-blonde curls—and looked down at Niomi's juicy twat. Taking a deep breath, she knelt down and took a hesitant lick.

"Umm, that felt nice! Do it again, Ann."

"You liked it?" Ann hesitantly asked.

"Hell yeah, I did! Keep licking me! Please, please, please!"

Ann's smile grew more confident, and so did her tongue. Fatima beamed like a proud mother hen watching her chick. Her gaze slid down Ann's body to her tight ass wiggling in the air as she knelt down and feasted on Niomi's cunt.

Fatima slid around her friend, and hooked her fingers into the waistband of her blue sweatpants, and yanked them and her white panties down with a single pull. Fatima gasped; Ann had a beautiful cunny. Wisps of red hair sprouted around the tight, wet slit. Not a hint of her inner pink could be seen. Fatima licked her lips, and spread open Ann's, and shoved her tongue deep into her sweet depths.

"Oh, wow!" Ann gasped. "Oh, my Lord!"

"Right?" grinned Niomi.

"Yeah! Oh, stars, yes!"

Fatima burned with happiness as she shared her newfound passion for pussy with two of her friends. And she had so many others to share it with. I'll go home with Marjorie after kendo practice, and sex her up!

Humming happily, she found Ann's tiny clit and sucked the little bud into her lips. Ann's slit was tight and her hymen was still intact. She pressed her finger against it, feeling the thin membrane stretch. Ann squirmed, and Fatima swiped her tongue through Ann's pussy.

"Oh, fuck, Ann!" gasped Niomi. "Your tongue is fucking amazing!"

"I can't wait for my turn!" Fatima giggled.

"If you taste as great as Niomi does, I'll be happy to."

Fatima gave Ann's pale ass a slap. "I taste heavenly! You'll love it!"

"Oh, keep licking me, Ann! I need to cum again! Your tongue feel so sweet on me!"

Fatima buried her face back into Ann's delicious cunny, licking furiously. Ann moaned into Niomi. The room echoed with youthful pants, sucking lips, and girlish sighs. A symphony to Fatima's ears. She sucked every little crevice of her friend's slit. Ann's moans grew louder and louder, and then she screamed her orgasm into Niomi. Juices flooded Fatima's mouth, and she relished their creamy texture and sweet flavor.

"You little slut!" moaned Niomi. "Keep moaning into me! You're vibrating my clit! Oh, yes, oh, fuck yes!"

Fatima licked her lips, and watched her ebony friend writhe and buck. She was so beautiful, her dark face twisted in passion. She was thrilled to introduce her two friends to the fun girls could have, and couldn't wait to share this with all the others in her clique.

"Who wants to eat me out?"

Ann looked up at her, face sticky. "Umm, I would—"

The door banged open. "Look at all the dykes!" sneered Kayleah. "Wait until the school gets a look at this."

A light flashed; Kayleah pointed her smart phone at them.

Ann covered her face and scrunched up into a ball. Fire burned in Fatima, and she rose up, facing the older girl. Kayleah snapped another pic, grinning like a vindictive bitch.

"The boys are going to love jerking off to you dykes!"

"Do you like what you see?" Fatima demanded. "Did you sneak in here because you really want to get a peek at my cunt?"

"That's disgusting!" Kayleah's pretty face twisted in outrage, quickly turning red, contrasting with her bleach-blonde hair.

Fatima stepped up to her. "Then why do you keep looking at my snatch. I bet you're just salivating to get a taste."

"Fuck you, bitch!"

She reached out, and stroked Kayleah's face. "Just get down on your knees and lick my pussy. I can see the lust in your eyes."

"Get away from me!" Uncertainty had crept into the girl's voice. She took a step back, bumping into the closed door.

Fatima grinned, boldly stepping up and grasping the taller girl's hair, yanking her face down; their lips were inches a part. "Beg me, and I'll let you eat my juicy, delicious cunt."

"No," Kayleah whimpered.

"Beg to be my little, dyke bitch!" She twisted her harder and pulled her just a little closer to her lips. "Just give in to your desires and be mine."

"Please, I'm sorry. I'll delete the pics."

Fatima kissed her lips, thrusting her tongue in roughly. Kayleah tried to pull away, but Fatima would have none of that. Kayleah was her bitch now. Fatima pressed her body against the older girl, grinding her damp pussy against her sweatpants.

"Please," the older teen begged when Fatima broke the kiss.

"Beg to be my dyke bitch!"

"Please."

"Please, what?"

The older girl trembled against Fatima. "I can't."

Fatima gave her a second kiss. This time Kayleah kissed her back. Fatima squeezed the older teen's round tit through her sweatshirt and bra. I can't wait to see these puppies. They feel amazing!

"Please."

"Are you begging to leave, or begging to be my dyke bitch?"

"Imbaygintobeyurdykbeetch," Kayleah mumbled.

Fatima dug her fingers into the teen's tit as hard as she could. "What was that?"

"I'm begging to be your dyke bitch!" she screamed, then dropped to her knees. "Oh, my god! I can't fight it any longer! You're so beautiful! I've dreamed of you for weeks!"

Kayleah's mouth glued to her pussy. Fatima gripped her bleached-blonde hair, and moaned as her delightful tongue wiggled up inside her. There was such fire inside Kayleah, burning as hot as Fatima's own passion. Pleasure blazed inside her, her back arching as an orgasm crashed through her. She leaned back, losing her balance, her body out of control with pleasure.

Ann grabbed her arm, stopping her fall. Fatima grabbed her strawberry-blonde hair and pulled her friend in for a passionate kiss. Ann's body pressed against her side, her hot, little cunny pressing against Fatima's hip, wet with passion. Ann humped, rubbing her hard bead across Fatima's skin.

"Fuck that is hot!" gasped Niomi.

Fatima laughed, "I have two sexy, dyke bitches! Of course it's hot."

Ann whispered, "Am I your dyke bitch now?"

"Do you want to be?"

"I think so," she answered. "I've kinda been masturbating for months to lesbian porn. Particularly stories about girls being forced to eat other girls' pussies."

"I knew you were a little submissive slut!" Fatima grinned.

Ann nodded shyly.

"Then get down on your knees, spread my ass open, and tongue my asshole!"

"Y-yes!" Ann moaned.

Having two submissive sluts tonguing her was amazing. Ann wiggled her tongue deep into Fatima's ass, while Kayleah sucked on her clit and worked two fingers in and out of her cunt. Her pleasure burned hot and fast, an inferno that burst through her, wiping away any thought, leaving only searing rapture. Fatima gasped and moaned and screamed both of their names as she came.

Class was almost over as Fatima fell onto the gym mats, her two submissive sluts cuddling with her. Niomi sat nearby, furiously masturbating. Fatima's orgasm slowly fading away. She took turns kissing her sluts, savoring the tart flavor on Kayleah's lips and the sour on Ann's.

"So what now?" Ann asked.

"You're my concubines," Fatima declared.

Ann blushed and Kayleah giggled, while Niomi came in the background.

Kyle blinked in surprise when Fatima showed up at lunch, a pretty girl on each of her arms. One was her shy friend, Ann, and the other was a Sophomore with bleached-blonde hair that Kyle had seen walking the halls. Both had pink auras.

He had been introducing Christy and the other concubines to Carla when Fatima walked up, grinning broadly and bouncing excitedly between her two friends, her arms around their waists and her friends' nubile bodies pressed against Fatima's.

"Look at what I own!" she declared. Ann blushed, and the blonde girl giggled.

"What?" Kyle asked.

"That's hot!" blurted Corey while Britney kept calmly reading from her text book.

"These are my concubines! Aaliyah, I need you to make the arrangements so it's official."

Kyle gaped and Aaliyah was startled so much she fell from her seat. "You can't have concubines," Aaliyah protested, getting to her feet. "You're a woman. Only a man can have concubines!"

Fatima dark eyes flared. "This isn't the dark ages! Women can marry women! So I can have concubines!"

"But ... but..." spluttered Aaliyah.

"She is definitely your sister," Alexina giggled.

"That's interesting," Christy said, looking at Fatima, her eyes growing distant and Kyle wondered what she was thinking about.

"That's right!" Fatima hotly declared. "Whatever important blood flowing through Kyle's veins flows through mine! I will have them!"

"Well, I can't help you!" Aaliyah huffed. "I'm Kyle's Djinn, not yours!"

"Well, I'm Kyle's wife, so what's his is mine, and what's mine is his. Ann and Kayleah will be more than happy to spread their legs for our husband."

"Really?" Kayleah asked, raising her eyebrows. "But he's a guy."

"You're my dyke bitch, right?"

Kayleah sighed, and nodded. "Okay. I will for you." Then she gave a smile. "I'll do anything for you, Mistress."

"Good!"

"Not good!" The Genie's face was dark with anger. "I only helped you fool around with your friends so you could find concubines for our husband, not for yourself!"

"Oh, let her have them," Christy smiled, patting Aaliyah on the wrist. "It's perfect. They're so cute together. And it's important that Fatima's allowed to explore her sexuality."

Fatima fixed her eyes on Kyle, almost daring him to deny her. He stood up, cupped her face. "How can I deny you anything?"

An impish grin appeared on her lips and she enthusiastically, and noisily, kissed her husband. Aaliyah stewed, giving Fatima dirty looks. Fatima ignored the Genie, and took great delight in kissing one of her new concubines whenever she felt Aaliyah's eyes on hers. Kyle sighed, hoping his wives would get along better.

After school, their bus was crowded on the way home. Kyle, his three wives, his three concubines, and Fatima's two took up the entire rear of the bus. The bus driver kept yelling at them to be quiet. It was embarrassing to have to ride the bus again. He had owned his car for a year, and only Freshmen and Sophomores were riding. Most Juniors and Seniors had cars or friends with cars. And everyone gawked. The guys with envious looks, and the girls with judging eyes. He heard a few "sluts" muttered.

"And proud of it," Chyna had called back once, then promptly began kissing Carla. If the bus ride was longer, Kyle would have made a wish or two and had some fun

When they got home, Kyle pulled his sister aside. "Did Aaliyah grant you a wish?"

She shrugged. He gave her a rocky stare. She tried to look innocent, then began shifting. "Yeah."

"You need to apologize to her. You hurt her. She thinks you took advantage of her."

"I didn't mean to," she mumbled. "I was only planning on having fun with Ann and Niobe. But then Kayleah burst in on us and..." She shrugged again.

"Apologize and make things right."

"I guess..." She screwed up her face. "It was so much easier to ignore you when you were just my dorky older brother."

"I love you, too," he grinned.

Fatima darted upstairs, pulling Ann along behind her. Kyle followed them into the extra-dimensional suite's master bedroom where Aaliyah was curled up on the bed. Fatima led her slim concubine over to the Genie, pushing Ann forward. "Ann is still a virgin. I would like you to have her cherry."

Aaliyah frowned. "That should be Kyle's."

"Look, I'm really sorry, okay. I didn't mean to take advantage of your wishes. I just got carried away." She beamed then stroked her concubine's strawberry-blonde hair. "Besides, look at her. Isn't she just gorgeous? How can you pass up the opportunity to pop her cherry?"

Aaliyah bit her lip then looked at Kyle. "Do it," he grinned, his cock hardening. "I want to see that."

"Then I accept your apology." A smile crossed Aaliyah's dusky face. "She is so cute."

"I know. How could I resist making her my concubine?"

Aaliyah nodded, pulling the trembling girl to her, their lips meeting. Kyle's cock was at full mast and he looked around, wondering which woman he should use to satisfy himself. Christy sat in the corner, clutching something dark in her hand, maybe a pencil box, her eyes distant. What's wrong with her?

"Kayleah, this is the perfect time for you to get acquainted with Kyle's cock." Fatima pushed the bleached blonde towards him, her round breasts jiggling.

"Yes, Mistress," she smiled, falling to her knees and pushing down his pants. Her mouth was warm and Kyle forgot all about Christy's problem.

Aaliyah maneuvered Ann over to the bed, yellow dust swirling around her naked form, coalescing into a slim dildo strapped about her hips. Ann swallowed, her blue eyes wide as Aaliyah crawled between her thighs.

"I'll be gentle," the Genie whispered, stroking Ann's face, then she leaned in and kissed her, dusky flesh pressing against pale.

"Take her cherry," Kyle grinned, holding Kayleah's head as he slowly fucked her mouth.

"Let's make her a woman!" clapped Fatima. "Come on and watch, Christy."

"Oh, yeah." Christy put the object away, and smiled. Fatima snuggled into her lap and gave Christy a kiss.

"I'm ready, Mistress," Ann purred as Aaliyah rubbed her dildo up and down her tight slit. "Take me fully."

The young teen gasped as Aaliyah buried the dildo in to her virgin snatch. Kyle's dick throbbed, and he almost shot his wad into Kayleah's hungry mouth. Aaliyah kissed Ann, not moving for a minute until Ann began moaning, her hips twisting, and then Aaliyah's thrusts were slow and gentle, working up her speed and depth.

"Oh, yes!" Ann gasped. "Oh, wow! That's so wonderful!"

"Wait until you feel the real thing!" Fatima laughed. "You'll love it!"

"It's better?"

"Definitely," Aaliyah purred, her ass clenching as she fucked Ann harder, her breasts brushing against the younger teen's pale flesh. "You'll cum so hard the first time Kyle fucks you."

"I'm going to cum hard from you," Ann moaned. "That's it!" Her pale hands reached down to Aaliyah's dusky ass, pulling the Genie in deeper. "Oh, wow! I'm gonna cum! Fuck me harder!"

"She's a hot, little slut!" groaned Kyle, pounding Kayleah's mouth as hard as Aaliyah fucked the former virgin. His cock pressed down Kayleah's throat, his balls slapping her chin. "Make her scream."

"I will, my love!" Aaliyah flashed him a smile. "And you flood that slut's mouth!"

His cum boiled and he listened to his wife's suggestion. His cum flooded Kayleah's mouth. The concubine swallowed his thick load and panted when he pulled his cock out of her, his cum staining her teeth. Carla fell on the girl, kissing her, eager to get a taste of his cum, as Chyna pouted.

"I wanted some."

Alexina grabbed his cock, licking the drop beading at the tip. "You should have been quicker," she laughed.

"Fuck me! Yes, yes! I, wow! That's it! I'm cumming!" screeched Ann.

Everyone applauded. Aaliyah joined her a moment later. Kyle's cock hardened again as Alexina sucked the tip into her lips. Despite his wishes at working on schoolwork, another orgy was breaking out in the bedroom.

"It's almost time for your dojo lesson," Christy reminded, pushing Fatima off her lap. "Your uncle will be picking you and Fatima up. You two should go shower."

"Together!" piped in Fatima. "Sounds fun!"

"No hanky-panky!" warned Christy. "Twenty minutes!"

Uncle Ethan had a huge grin on his round face, almond-shaped eyes twinkling with mirth when he and Fatima walked out, smiles on their faces. There had been a little hanky-panky in the shower. "So I hear you've been fooling around at school," their uncle grinned, clasping Kyle on the shoulder as they walked out to his car.

Kyle flushed and Fatima let out a wicked laugh. "Kyle's turning into a horndog!"

"Your dad got caught messing around at school once."

Brother and sister both stopped dead in their tracks, glancing at their uncle. "Really?" Kyle had a hard time imagining his father as anything but straitlaced and by the books before he died over in Afghanistan a few years ago.

"With whom?" Fatima asked. "Mom?"

Uncle Ethan grinned. "Yeah."

"Wow." Her eyes burned with mirth. "I never thought mom would ever do anything wrong."

"You have no idea."

Fatima pestered their uncle the entire drive, her mind aflame with speculation on what sort of trouble their parents had gotten up to in High School. Kyle had a hard time imaging his parents as anything other than responsible adults. To him, it was like they had just been tinier adults as children, and didn't do any of the stupid, fun, or reckless things teenagers do.

Fumi was at practice. She looked as beautiful as ever, and her kiss fanned the passion in him, like a wind driving a firestorm. He wanted to fuck her so bad. Her scent was intoxicating. And she was so beautiful: pale-olive skin; dark, almond-shaped eyes with thick lashes; a lithe body that pressed against him. She smiled at him, and gave a shy wave.

Practice can wait! he decided. Aaliyah. I want to fuck Fumi without being noticed.

She didn't respond.

He frowned, and tried again.

Nothing.

His heart beat faster. She's probably just sleeping.

"Come on, Kyle!" his uncle shouted. "It's time for warm ups."

Aaliyah!

"I have something for you," Christy said, stepping up to the Djinn as Aaliyah watched Kyle and Fatima drive off with their uncle.

"What?" Aaliyah asked, turning from the living room window to look at her wife, curiosity stirring within her.

Christy smiled, a thin, tight expression. "A thank you gift for what you've done to Kyle."

The pale-faced teen pulled out a narrow box from her pocket covered in some sort of black felt. It looked like a pencil case, but the Djinn's instincts told her something more valuable was inside. Aaliyah took the box eagerly; it felt heavy—jewelry.

She opened it. Silver and gold glinted inside. A necklace of a serpent biting its own tale. Half-gold and half-silver, hanging from a delicate chain, the links alternating gold and silver. She held it up, admiring the details of the serpent's scales. Delight filled her; it was such a beautiful gift.

"Thank you!" the Djinn gushed, bringing it up to her throat. The metal was cold against her skin. She glanced at Christy and saw hunger burning in her eyes. Her smile twisted, becoming vindictive and triumphant.

The clasps clicked as she fastened. Her body felt heavy, her limbs felt like they were made of sand. She fell down, landing half on the couch, bouncing, and rolling onto the carpeted floor. What's going on! Panic seized her. She couldn't move, her body below the neck—below the amulet—wouldn't respond to her commands.

"What's going on, Christy?" she asked, staring up at her wife. "The amulet..." Her words trailed off as she saw the look in Christy's eyes.

"Is working perfectly."

"Help!" she screamed. "Someone help me! Christy's attacked me!"

"What's wrong?" Alexina shouted bursting into the living room. "Aaliyah!"

"Goddess Hecate, let sleep fall upon the mortals of this house," chanted Christy. Alexina fell on the floor next to Aaliyah, eyes closed, slumbering.

"What are you doing, Christy?" Aaliyah asked. "What's going on?"

Christy flipped the Djinn onto her back, then pulled out a cell phone. "I'm sorry," she answered. "But you tried to take Kyle from me." Christy sent one of those magical, instant messages. A text, this strange, calm part of her mind realized as the rest of her struggled with the fear and hurt that twisted through her thoughts. She's texting someone.

"I don't understand Christy. How could I take him from you? We're sharing him."

"He was all mine until you came along!" the teen ranted, her pale face reddening. "We were happy! We had each other! We didn't need anyone else. Then you appeared and poisoned his mind with all these perverted thoughts! You ruined everything!"

"W-what are you going to do to me?" Betrayal and fear filled the Genie's heart. One of the people the Djinn loved was going to hurt her. She didn't understand. Christy had seemed like she had been enjoying everything. It's not supposed to be like this. She concentrated on Kyle and sent out her thoughts. Kyle, I need you! slammed into a barrier—the amulet did more than affect her body.

The front door opened. Aaliyah blinked as her biology teacher walked in. "Very good, Amber."

"She's all yours, Celestite," Christy whispered, bowing. "You won't hurt her, right?"

The grin on Ms. Franklin's face chilled the Djinn's blood. She screamed and screamed until the gag was forced into her mouth. Aaliyah's dream had come true—she had been betrayed by someone close.
Chapter 9 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 8 |   Bottom
Chapter 9: The Insight of the Rakshasa
Posted: October 23, 2014 - 10:21:49 am
Updated: October 25, 2014 - 10:44:13 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Tuesday, January 21st – South Hill, WA

Kyle had been concerned about Aaliyah all through kendo practice despite Christy's texts assuring him that she was just fine. He couldn't contact her at all during practice, sapping his concentration and keeping him from focusing on his kendo. His form was terrible tonight. And no matter how hard he tried to calm himself and stay grounded, he couldn't stop wondering why his genie wife was ignoring him.

What did I do to piss her off? Or was she really sleeping like Christy reported? After watching Fatima and Aaliyah fight this afternoon, Kyle was all too aware that with four loves, and a few concubines, he faced a potential landmine of angry women.

As soon as practice ended, Fumi found him, a shy smile on her round face, her almond-shaped eyes sparkling with lust. "I need you," she whispered in his ear, her delightful perfume tickling his nose; his cock hardened in a blink of the eye and all his worry over Aaliyah was overwhelmed. "Let's slip off and find a cozy place so I can suck your cock, and drink your wonderful cum."

"Yeah," Kyle grinned, taking her hand and dragging her behind the building.

"I've missed you so much," she whispered, her hand reaching down to squeeze his cock. "Did you miss me?"

"I did," Kyle smiled. Then their lips met again and he moaned into her hot mouth as she unlaced his hakama, the wide-legged trousers worn in kendo, and fished his cock out. She broke the kiss, looking down at his cock in her hands, her dark eyes lighting up, color suffusing her delicate cheeks.

With a hungry moan, she fell to her knees and engulfed his cock.

"You're so beautiful," he groaned.

She smiled around his cock. She pulled her mouth off, and licked delicately at his tip, looking both cute and so sexy at the same time. He groaned, caressing her cheek. She bobbed her head, slow at first, then picking up speed. One hand cupped his balls, the other pumped his shaft. Her perfume—a sweet, lily aroma—filled the air, making his heart beat faster. That delicious scent permeated his body all the way to his balls.

"That's it. Suck my cock. God, your mouth is amazing, Fumi."

She moaned, her eyes looking up at him with such love.

He erupted into her hungry mouth. For a moment, her perfume overwhelmed him, bathing his senses. Then it faded as the last few drops of his cum were sucked into her mouth. She sighed, shuddering. Fumi always came when he flooded her mouth; she hungered for cum. His cum, another guys cum. He was certain that she had sucked off other guys since their date on Saturday.

He was okay with that. He felt her love, and he had his other wives and concubines.

She gave his cock a few licks, cleaning the last traces of spunk, then put him away and rose up. A few strands blue-black had escaped her tight braid, plastered to her pale face. He gently pushed them away, then kissed her softly on the lips.

"I'm looking forward to our date tomorrow," she sighed, resting her head on his shoulder when they broke the kiss. He enjoyed the feel of her against him.

Kyle shifted uncomfortably. "Yeah. I don't have a car right now." His mother had taken away his car for the next two months because he had been caught fucking his concubine Alexina at school yesterday. Kyle had learned some of the limitations of Aaliyah's powers with that stunt.

"I can drive my father's car," Fumi offered.

"Good. I get home from school around three. Come by. There are some people I want you to meet." My wives and concubines. I hope you'll fit right in.

"Sure."

"Kyle!" Fatima shouted. "Stop cuddling with your girlfriend! Uncle Ethan's ready to go!"

"Okay!" He gave Fumi one last kiss. "I can't wait for tomorrow."

"Me either," she sighed.

The moment Fumi was gone, his worry for Aaliyah roared back. He needed to get home and find out what was wrong with his Genie. Maybe I was too lenient with Fatima. Aaliyah must have been hurt more than I thought. His sister bounced with excitement. I can't let Fatima get her way all the time. She needs to learn to think about other's feelings before she acts.

"We're going to sit down and talk to Aaliyah when we get home," Kyle said.

"Ohh, I love talking with her," she grinned, licking her lips.

"No, not that." His cock stirred at her grin. "I think she's still mad about what you did today."

"Oh, really? I thought I smoothed it out. I don't even get what's the big deal."

"You used her, Fatima. You took advantage of her good nature and I let you get away with it."

"Because you love me," she grinned, pressing against him.

"I'm serious. You have to think about what Aaliyah might feel or Christy."

"You're starting to sound like dad," she accused. "Always be good, don't do what you want."

"Do what you want, so long as it doesn't hurt someone you love, Fatima!"

She flinched at the gravel in his voice. "Wow. You're really angry about this."

"I think we both hurt Aaliyah really bad today. She's just good at hiding things and we didn't notice, but she's not answering me."

"Really?" Her eyes widened and her expression fell like a candle guttered by a sudden breeze. "I didn't mean to hurt her. I just got excited with Ann and Kayleah. They're both so cute and submissive. I didn't intend to make them my concubines. It just happened."

"I'm sure we can straighten this all out when we see her," Kyle smiled, touching her chin. "Okay."

The car stopped. Aaliyah was completely disoriented. They had thrown a black bag over her head and stuffed her into the cramped compartment of a car's trunk. Christy's treacherous gift—a gold and silver serpent biting its own tail—hung like a weight around her neck, freezing her body and absorbing her power. How did I miss it was an Ouroboros trap? Because I trusted Christy. The necklace acted like a magical circle, cutting off both control of her body and directing her powers back at her. So long as it was around her neck, she was helpless.

Fear writhed in her belly. Her new biology teacher, Ms. Franklin, had a hungry smile on her face when Christy captured her. Her nursemaid had filled her mind with tales of young Djinn lured to the mortal world and captured by evil sorcerers, forced to do their bidding or, worse, to be drained of their powers.

One of the few ways to end her existence.

Kyle will save me! Somehow! He loves me, and won't stand for my disappearance! she tried to send her thoughts to him, but her they were just reflected back at her by the necklace.

After what felt like hours, it was hard to judge time in the suffocating confines of the hood, the car stopped and the trunk opened. Hands, like talons, grabbed her arm, fingernails biting into her flesh, and hauled her out. More hands seized her. She wanted to struggle, but the amulet had robbed her body of any control. She could only scream and yell and hope that someone would hear her and come to her rescue.

None did.

The wind whooshed out of her lungs; a fist planted in to her stomach. She coughed and gasped, too stunned to scream for help as they hauled her, grunting and cursing. All she could hear were women's voices and gravel crunching beneath feet. Then they were climbing a few wooden stairs, a door creaked open, and she was dumped unceremoniously onto a hard floor.

She blinked when the bag was ripped off, bright light shining down on her. Ms. Franklin stared down at her, emerald eyes shining with greedy lust. Five other women—no, teens—stood around her. She recognized two of them from school. They all were naked except for pendants that hung between their breasts. Each girl wore a different stone: onyx, garnet, tourmaline, opal, and jade. Dangling between her teacher's breasts was a clear stone—celestite.

Aaliyah knew that sorcerers or wizards used gemstones as foci, matching the gem to the strength and color of their natural aura. If Ms. Franklin has a celestite aura, then she was very powerful. She looked around the room; the walls were made of hewn logs set atop each other and dark shapes lurked in the corners, massive and furred. They were some sort of familiars, beasts twisted to the service of a spell-caster.

Like the rat that had poked around the house last Thursday night.

"What do you want with me?" Aaliyah asked, keeping the fear out of her voice. She was the wife of Kyle Unmei the future Sultan of the Hidden People. She would not cower for these witches amusement.

"Your power," purred Ms. Franklin, ripping off the amulet.

Aaliyah could move again and tried to transform herself into a whirlwind of dust to escape. She couldn't.

"I want every last drop of that sea brimming inside you."

The teacher started chanting a prayer to the dark goddess Hecate. Light glowed around her, pure white, and Aaliyah realized she sat in a magic circle, a seven pointed star inscribed within its circumference. The light reached out from the circle and star, creeping towards her like slimy leaches. She flinched when the lights touched her skin and tried to sink into her flesh, hungry for her power.

She resisted, focusing her will to drive the silvery hands away. It was easy. For now.

Please, Kyle! Find me!

Christy trembled. I did it! Aaliyah is gone, and everything can go back to normal. Kyle would be home in any minute. He had sent her several text messages, worried about Aaliyah. She had lied to him, letting him think the Genie was sleeping.

She clutched the leaves of a maidenhair tree leaves in one hand and her amber pendant in the other. The broad leaves weren't necessary, but they helped to focus her spell. Kyle had a diamond aura, and she would need surprise and every bit of her strength to work the spell on him. She had already modified Kyle's mother and the six concubine's memory, erasing Aaliyah out of their thoughts. When Kyle and Fatima returned, she'd edit their memories as well. Kyle would be all hers, and Fatima would have her two concubines to keep her happy.

The front door burst open, Kyle stood there, his angular face twisted in worry. Fatima was right behind him, looking downcast for once, her normally bright fire burned down to coals. Christy didn't care what had soured the girl's mood; she had to act now.

"Great Goddess Hecate," she chanted, "let the ancient power of these leaves flood their minds and fog their memories." The leaves smoked in her hand, a sickly-sweet scent filled the hallway. Kyle and Fatima breathed in, their faces relaxing as she focused her will, modifying their memories, erasing Aaliyah and Fumi from their minds, and changing the relationship between Kyle and his sister.

"Christy," blinked Kyle. Then he smiled, and hugged her. "How's my cute wife doing?"

"Just fine," she breathed and kissed him.

Fatima made a disgusted noise. "You two shouldn't do that in front of such an impressionable youth like me!"

Kyle laughed. "You're one to talk the way you kiss Ann and Kayleah."

"That's different! When we kiss, it's beautiful and magical. But watching you two is like watching a pretty woman kissing a stone. Such a waste."

"Well you're ... uh ... scrawny," Kyle retorted lamely.

"Really? Scrawny? Is that the best you could do, big bro?" Fatima laughed. "I guess it's not just your face that's stone, but your mind, too!"

Christy caressed Kyle's face. "It maybe stony, but it's a handsome face. Like a marble statue carved by a Renaissance master."

"You have no taste, Christy! Let me spend five minutes kissing you. I'll make you so hot and bothered you'll forget all about my dense brother."

"Umm, he's dense in all the right places, Fatima!" Christy giggled.

His sister made a retching noise. "I don't need to picture my brother doing things with you."

Joy bubbled inside Christy. Her spell worked; Kyle and Fatima didn't think they were a couple, and Aaliyah and Fumi were completely forgotten. Kyle's heart was all hers again. "Come on, I want to feel every inch of your denseness in me!"

Kyle grinned, and pulled her up the stairs; Fatima's fake retching followed them. Kyle's concubines were lounging on the floor of his bedroom. She had decided to let Kyle keep the four ladies. She couldn't do anything about Chyna thanks to Ms. Franklin's spells, and she found it arousing having four women around that she could boss about.

"Master!" Chyna and her mother Shannon purred. They were naked and lounging against each other. The pair were quite affectionate, and it was so disturbingly hot watching the incestuous pair fuck. As hot as watching Kyle and his sister, a voice whispered inside her. She ignored that. It may have been hot watching them fuck, but Fatima was her rival for Kyle.

Alexina and Carla leaped to their feet. Carla took Kyle's kendo bag while Christy let the blonde Alexina start undressing her. It was sexy standing there as a naked, hot teen carefully removed every article of clothing while Kyle watched with hungry eyes. The concubine took liberties with her, nipping her nipples with her mouth, giving her asscheeks a squeeze, and taking a quick lick through her pussy.

"She tastes ready, Master," Alexina giggled, then took a second lick. Christy was very glad she decided to keep the concubines around. Kyle didn't love them, he just liked fucking them. And so do I.

While Alexina had stripped her, bleached-blonde Carla had undressed Kyle, and she had wasted no time in burying his cock into her mouth. "Making sure he's ready for you, Mistress," she giggled between bobs.

Kyle seemed ready to her, so she grabbed a handful of Carla's bleached hair and yanked her off his dick. Then she threw her arms around his solid body and kissed him. His muscles were stone against her soft skin, and she ran her hands up and down his yummy body. His rock-hard cock rubbed against her belly, streaking her with precum.

"I love you," she moaned as she pulled him down onto their bed.

His hand found her round tit, thumbing her nipple. "I love you, too!"

She kissed him passionately, thrusting her tongue into his mouth. She pulled him on top of her, spreading her thighs for him. She was wet, ready to be fucked. She didn't have to share him any longer with that damn Genie.

What are you doing, Christy? The memory of Aaliyah's fearful words reared up in her mind.

Don't think about her! You have Kyle! Don't think about what Ms. Franklin is doing to her! Ms. Franklin said it won't kill the Genie, just rob her of her annoying powers.

Kyle entered her; pleasure washed through her, drowning out the guilt.

She kissed him, writhing her body against him as he pumped in her. A furnace burned inside her, growing hotter and hotter as he plunged in and out of her. She gasped and panted, inhaled their musk. She was distantly aware of the concubines fucking each other, all her attention focused on Kyle.

Her Kyle.

She ran her hands along his muscular back, enjoying his muscles rippling beneath her fingers. His strong hands roamed her body, rolling her nipples, sliding along her hips, stroking her cheeks. His face hovered over hers, dark, almond-shaped eyes full of lust and love. She ran a hand up and cupped his stubbled cheek and ran fingers through his dark hair.

"I love you, Kyle!" she moaned

"Always!" he grunted. "I'll always love you!"

Her orgasm built, growing closer and stronger.

"Nothing could stop me loving you, Christy!"

She erupted. Her pussy spasmed on his cock, massaging him as she quaked in his strong arms. He drove harder and harder into her, his rock-hard shaft kept her orgasm shaking through her. She pulled him tight, moaning into his strong lips.

His passion exploded into her. Strong jets of cum flooded her pussy. Kyle pumped a few more times, then collapsed on her. His body pleasantly heavy on hers. Warm, strong, secure. She had nothing to be afraid of, nothing to worry about...

What are you doing, Christy?

Her body shook as the guilt came screaming back up inside her.

"What's wrong?" Kyle gasped. "Christy?"

She couldn't stop her tears. Kyle hugged her tighter. She sobbed into his neck. How could she tell him about her guilt. I sent one of your loves to have her powers drained, and wiped your mind because I'm a selfish bitch!

"Tell me, Christy?"

Tell him how you sent Aaliyah to her death!

But I didn't! They'll just steal her powers.

Right, because Ms. Franklin can be trusted.

She pushed down those dark thoughts, telling herself over and over that Aaliyah would just be a normal girl from now on. Kyle was all hers. She made this sacrifice, she could live with the consequences so long as she had him. Her tears dried up, and she clung to her love and let him stroke her dark hair and whisper his compassion into her ears.

Wednesday, January 22nd

Kyle woke up alone. That's not right. Where are Christy, Fatima, and Aaliyah?

He sat up, rubbing the sleep from his eyes, and frowned. Who is Aaliyah? And why would my sister be in bed with us? "Christy," he murmured.

"Hey," she answered. He found her sitting on his computer chair wrapped in a blanket and staring out the window.

"What's wrong?" he asked her softly, stepping across the concubines sleeping on pillows on the floor.

"I just couldn't sleep," she answered. A soft, yellow light from a neighbors porch light lit her face up. She looked haggard.

"Did you get any sleep?" Kyle asked her.

She shrugged.

"C'mon. There's still an hour before we have to be up." He grabbed her hand and led her to the bed, pulling her down next to him. "I'll hold you, try to get some sleep."

She smiled wanly at him. He watched her lie there, her face relaxing as she slipped into sleep. She woke up gasping a few minutes later. Her face was pale, and he could feel the sweat breaking out of her body as she trembled.

"Shh, it was just a nightmare," he whispered to her.

"I'm sorry," she cried into his chest. "I'm so sorry."

"It's okay, Christy. It's okay. The nightmare's gone."

"Aaliyah," she whispered. "I'm sorry, it had to be this way."

Who is Aaliyah? he wondered.

Aaliyah was growing weaker. It was getting harder and harder to fend off the silvery leaches. The witches worked the spell in turns, chanting, relieving each other every few hours. The Djinn was curled into a ball, hugging herself, and praying for Kyle to come and save her. He had to come. He loved her. He must be tearing the world apart to find her.

A silvery light tried to attach to her body. She concentrated her will, and forced it away. Another damned silvery appendage replaced it, and another, and another.

Hope was all that kept her going. Kyle will save me! She kept glancing at the door, hoping Kyle would burst in with Earthbones, the magical sword she had gifted him, and chastise these witches for daring to lay hands on the wife of such an important man!

But it had to be soon. Once her will failed, her powers would quickly be drained—and then her life would end. She would be nothing but dust blowing on the wind.

"Where is Aaliyah?" Britney asked as she set her lunch tray at the table. Kyle's best friend frowned, her green eyes questing about behind thick glasses, her body remained still, like the surface of a calm lake.

"Who?" Kyle asked. For a moment, a memory of a smiling, dusky skinned teenage girl appeared in his mind, then a sickly-sweet scent wafted it away. "Is she a new student?"

Britney fixed her emerald eyes on him, still as a forest pool. She inhaled deeply, "Maidenhair," she muttered. "And where is Christy?"

"At home," he answered. "She didn't sleep at all last night. She seemed ... scared about something. I don't know what. She wouldn't tell me."

"Of course." Britney sat down, her eyes becoming calm pools. "I should come over after school and make sure she is okay."

Kyle looked suspiciously at his friend. "I thought you didn't like Christy."

"It is not that I dislike her. It is that I am afraid she is going to hurt you."

"She'd never hurt me," he dismissed. "So why do you want to see her?"

"Aaliyah," Britney answered.

"Who is this Aaliyah?" he demanded. "Christy mentioned her name this morning."

But Britney ignored him, calmly eating her food while she read from a text book. Kyle sighed. Alexina set a green, plastic cafeteria tray in front of him loaded with food, while Carla plopped down on the other side of them. Looking miffed, Chyna sat down opposite from Kyle, then grinned and unbuttoned her blouse a bit, leaning over. Kyle's cock hardened as he looked at her ample tits almost falling out of her blouse.

Kyle wished he could fool around at school, but he couldn't afford to get caught again. That thought tugged at his memory. Yesterday he hadn't cared about getting caught when he had taken Carla behind the bleachers during gym and fucked her with... No, I fucked Carla alone, right?

Then why did he remember fucking Carla while she ate out someone's pussy. He strained, but all he could remember was a sickly-sweet scent wafting through his mind. No. It had to have been just the two of us. And it had been very risky. I can't take chances like that right now!

Kyle's resolved failed when he saw Toni Buckley walk by, her aura a light pink. Kyle tried not to think where his ability had come from, but for the last few days he could see women that desired to be dominated by a man. The more they wished it, the pinker their auras, and Toni really wished for it. She was also drop-dead gorgeous in her pleated blue-and-silver cheerleader's skirt and a blue, long-sleeved top with the schools mascot—a gray, charging ram—printed on the front. She had long, auburn hair caught in a ponytail, and flashing, green eyes.

"Alexina and Carla," he whispered, point at Toni. "Why don't you invite her to sit with me."

"Umm, she's scrumptious," purred Carla, toying with a lock of her reddish-brown hair.

"We'll get her, Master," Alexina giggled.

Britney looked up from her reading, and shook her head at Kyle.

"What?" he asked her.

"I promised your mother I would keep you out of trouble."

"Nothing's going to happen," he dismissed.

Alexina and Carla caught up to the cheerleader. Kyle didn't know what they said, but it involved a bit of giggling, and pointing at Kyle. Toni blushed, but didn't resist as the two concubines grabbed her arms and led the cheerleader to his table.

. "Hi," he smiled, patting the seat next to him.

"Hey, Kyle," she muttered.

She sat down; a sweet, fresh scent tickled his nose, and he leaned into her auburn hair and inhaled. A fruity shampoo. She squirmed, and he put an arm around her shoulders and pulled her next to him.

"Aren't you just a hot piece of ass?" he asked.

She blushed more. "I guess," she whispered.

"I want to make you one of my concubines, would you like that?" he asked her.

She didn't answer, staring down at her food on her cafeteria tray.

He leaned in, and whispered into her ear, "I want you to take off your panties."

"Right here?"

"Right here, right now, slut."

Alexina giggled on the other side of Toni. "You should do what he says, or he'll spank you." She placed her hand on Toni's thigh. "I bet your ass will look so pretty after it's been spanked."

"He wouldn't really spank me?" Toni squeaked. "Right?"

"He would," Alexina answered, sliding her hand higher up Toni's thigh, disappearing beneath her skirt. "And we'd all watch and get so horny. So please, don't do what he says."

"And after he's done spanking you," Chyna purred, "we'd all kiss your red ass to make you feel better."

Toni looked around. The cafeteria was full of students talking, yelling, eating, joking around. But no one seemed to be looking at their table. She lifted her ass off the bench and reached beneath her skirt, pulling down the blue cheerleading spankies and a pair of frilly, pink panties. She slipped them down her legs and over her shoes. Kyle snatched her panties and held them to his nose. She smelled tangy.

"Her crotch is wet," he said, holding the panties up so his concubines could see. Britney wrinkled her nose, and buried her face deeper into her book.

"Kyle, you dog," laughed his friend Corey as he walked by. "You are going to get so busted."

"I won't," Kyle promised.

"You have got to hook me up, man. You can't have every pretty girl in school."

"Try Aleah Buckley," Kyle said, flashing his friend a grin. "She's looking for a guy to take her in hand. Trust me."

"Cool. Well, I'll let you get into trouble with your ladies." With a big grin on his face, Corey walked off to find a different table to eat lunch at.

Kyle turned his attention back to Toni. He smiled when he saw Alexina's hand beneath her skirt. "She is so wet, master," the concubine giggled, pulling out fingers damp with Toni's excitement. She sucked them into her mouth, savoring the cheerleader's flavor.

"What a slut," giggled Chyna, her breasts jiggling and seemed about to spill out of her blouse. "She'll fit right in."

Alexina shot her hand back between Toni's thighs. The cheerleader squealed and squirmed. Alexina's fingers came up damp again, and she held them out to Kyle. He sucked them into his mouth and enjoyed the cheerleader's nectar just as much as his concubine had.

"You taste delicious," he told her. "You're making my cock ache."

"I ... okay," Toni whispered. "Can I put my panties back on?"

"Not yet." Kyle cupped her chin, and kissed her lips. She didn't resist as he shoved his tongue into her mouth, moaning into his kiss. "I want you to be my concubine. If you want to be used by me, then slide beneath the table and suck my cock."

"You are supposed to be staying out of trouble," Britney said without looking up. "This seems like quite a bit of trouble. You will be expelled if you get caught. How will you get into college then?"

"Don't worry, we'll keep her hidden," Carla promised. "Right girls?"

Chyna and Alexina nodded. "We don't want Master getting in trouble, Britney."

"See, it'll be fine. You worry too much."

"Someone has to. You are far too blinded by the desires Aaliyah has awakened inside you."

"Who is Aaliyah?" Carla asked.

"Would she make a good concubine?" wondered Chyna.

"It does not matter who she is," Britney answered. "All it matters is the changes that she has awakened you to, Kyle. You have forgotten about caution. You cannot get away with everything. You cannot give in to your desires every time a pretty girl makes your penis tumescent."

"Relax, Britney," he grinned. "No one will notice." He looked at Toni. "So, do you want to be my concubine or not?"

Toni licked her lips, looking around at their classmates who were all talking and eating. She squirmed more, then she slid beneath the table.

"What a slut!" Carla exclaimed. "She's perfect, Master."

Alexina and Carla slid next to him, leaning towards the table to block the sight of the auburn-haired teenager unzipping his pants. Her breath was warm on his cock, and her tongue wet and rough as she licked up the shaft. She reached the tip, swirling her tongue about it, then kissed back down.

"I bet she gives great head," Chyna smiled. "All the cheerleaders are sluts for the football team."

"I heard they blew the entire team when they made it to the State Championship," Alexina chimed in.

"Maybe if they waited until they actually won, our team wouldn't have gotten creamed," Carla added. She looked down and hissed in annoyance. "Master said to suck his cock, not lick it, slut!" Carla grabbed the cheerleader's ponytail and hauled her up from the base of his cock, then shoved her mouth down his shaft.

"Thank you, Carla," he groaned. Carla beamed and he rewarded her with a kiss on the mouth.

When he broke the kiss, he saw a teacher approaching over his shoulder—Ms. Capello, his hot English teacher. Adrenaline shot through Kyle; he tried to look natural, but his face burned, and sweat was breaking out on his forehead. He was sure he was going to get caught, and that just made the pressure in his balls increase.

Getting caught was such an exciting thrill.

Ms. Capello's locked eyes with Kyle and gave him a smile, walking towards the table. Kyle tried to lean forward, resting his elbows on the lunch table. His eyes kept focused on his teacher's impressive rack. She wore a low-cut, salmon blouse, and her double D's jiggled wonderfully; he couldn't have looked away if he wanted to.

"Kyle," she smiled, stepping up at his table. "And I see your harem is here." She frowned, looking around. "I thought there were more girls."

"Christy's sick," he answered.

His balls were boiling. He gritted his teeth; not wanting to cum in front of his hot teacher. She was gorgeous, tan skin and honey-brown hair that was the same shade as Britney's, only hers was carefully styled to fall in a curly mass around her head, accentuating her beautiful face, the complete opposite of his friend's unkempt mane.

"I wanted to talk about your paper, do you have a minute?"

"I ... not really," he groaned. Her tits were so fantastic, and Toni's mouth was so wonderful. He wanted his teachers luscious mounds wrapped around his cock.

"It's not up to your usual standards," she continued. "I understand that you've married three different women, and that's added some pressures to your time, but school needs to come first."

Why did she have to say come?

He bent over the table, his cock flooding Toni's hungry mouth. His fist clenched as he strained not to gasp and moan.

"Are you okay?" Her hand rested on his shoulder; she leaned over and her heavy tits were almost in his face, straining her blouse. Her hand tightened. "What the hell is this?"

Toni looked up at the teacher, cum glistening on her lips. "Hi, Ms. Capello," she winced. "Umm, I dropped my pen."

"I guess you didn't learn your lesson, Kyle," she sighed. Her cheeks were flushed, and Kyle noticed for the first time that she had a pink aura. He hadn't been paying attention to whether any of his teachers were submissive, focusing on his classmates instead. A possibility was born in his mind. "All of you, come with me. We're going straight to the Principal." Her eyes lingered for a moment on his cock. "And put that away!"

His concubines trembled as they stood up. Kyle handed Toni her panties and spankies back, and she quickly pulled them on, flushing deeply as Ms. Capello looked on. Then the teacher marched the group out of the cafeteria.

Corey shook his head, mouthing, "I told you."

Kyle gave his friend a confident wink.

Ms. Capello marched the group out of the cafeteria and across the quad to the main building.

"We're going up to my classroom, and you're going to wait there while I fetch the Principal. His office is too small to fit the lot of you."

Kyle nodded, grinning. Toni clung to his arm, shaking with fear. "It'll be okay," he whispered. "I have a..."

"And no talking!"

They entered the main building, walking through the mostly empty hallways, past the rows of beige lockers, and climbed the staircase near the library to the second floor. Her English class was the second door on the right, and she pulled a key out of her skirt's pocket and unlocked her classroom, ushering them inside.

Kyle let his concubines enter first, then he snagged his teacher's arm. She froze in disbelief, staring at his hand. Her mouth worked, and she started to protest as he yanked her inside the classroom. "Lock the door," he told her.

"What?" Her brown eyes were wide, and her impressive bosom heaved.

"I said to lock the door," Kyle said, sounding firm as a rock. "You're not going to tell the Principal anything."

"Of course I am," she whispered. "You're just making things worse for yourself, Kyle."

Chyna, the boldest of his concubines, hooked her arm around Toni, and whispered in the cheerleader's ear. The girl blushed, and let Chyna lead her farther into the classroom. Ms. Capello saw them, and blushed as they kissed.

"You need to listen to me! I'm a teacher!"

"You're a woman that craves to be mastered," Kyle stated. "And I'm going to be so masterful to you."

He groped her tit, delighting in the soft feel through her blouse. "Stop that, Kyle!"

"Lock the door and submit to me."

"I won't," she whispered, her voice trembling.

"Yes, you will. You are going to reach into your skirt pocket, pull out your key, and lock the door. And then we're going to have some fun."

Her hand reached into her skirt pocket, the keys clinking as she pulled them out and locked the door.

"I'm going to bend you over your desk, and fuck your cunt."

She nodded.

"You want to be my slut, don't you?"

"Yes," she whispered. "I love it when the students stare at me. It's why I wear such low-cut blouses."

"You've been dying for one us to have the balls to grasp what you've been offering?" He gave her tit a hard squeeze.

"God, yes!"

He let go of her tit and slapped her ass. "Then what are you waiting for?"

His English teacher scurried to her desk, her pleasantly plump rear writhing beneath her tight, charcoal skirt. She bent over, then reached behind her to hike up her skirt. Her ass was covered by a sheer pair of red panties, pressed so tight against her cunt it was obvious she shaved. She pulled them down and spread herself open. A pink tunnel winked at him as she writhed on the desk.

"Fuck me!" she moaned. "I'm such a bad teacher! Every night I fuck myself with a vibrator pretending it's one of you hot, young studs reaming my pussy!"

He walked over to his teacher, pinching her ass. "No tan lines?"

"I always tan naked at the salon!" she panted. "Please! I need your cock! I've been dying to do this!"

"I know," Kyle grinned. "I can always tell which women are the dirty little sluts that need to be taken in hand."

"You've changed so much," she panted. "You've grown so confident and sexy. Is it because of Aaliyah?"

"Who?" he frowned, pulling out his cock. Why was everyone talking about her? A sickly-sweet scent tickled his nose.

"Your wi—" He speared her, a low moan cutting off her answer. "Oh, fuck! Pound my naughty cunt! I'm such a bad teacher! Make me cum and you'll get straight A's!"

He gripped her hips, her cunt tight on his cock as he reamed her. He savored every inch of her spongy, hot flesh. Her ass jiggled as he slammed into her. She looked over her shoulder; her mouth wide with ecstasy.

"We should form a study group!" Kyle grunted. "Me, my concubines, and Christy! We'll 'study' English long and hard!"

"Umm, it does feel like that!"

"That's your student's cock you're enjoying!"

"I know!" she moaned. "I'm so baaad!"

His concubines were moaning as loud as Ms. Capello, Toni perched on a chair as Chyna feasted on her twat, and Alexina and Carla on the floor scissoring their legs together. He wished Christy was here. And Aaliyah and Fatima.

Who is Aaliyah?

"Yes, yes! I'm cumming!" his teacher moaned. "I'm cumming on my student's cock! So bad! I'm so fucking bad!"

Her massaging pussy drove the Aaliyah question right out of his mind. He loved the feel of a cumming snatch wrapped about his pumping shaft. He sped up, balls full of cum slapping against her clit. His face clenched, his fingers dug into her hips, and he grunted. His balls spewed his load into her hungry sheath.

"Oh, fuck," she moaned. "Oh, fuck that was wonderful."

"What a bad teacher you are," Kyle grinned, his cock softening. He pulled out, and a glob of white cum dripped onto the floor.

Ms. Capello glanced at the clock. "Darn. Lunch is almost over." Then she looked at Kyle. "We can't tell anyone..." Fear crossed her face.

Kyle stroked her face. "You're my secret slave, aren't you. My hidden concubine"

She nodded. "Until you graduate."

Hurry, Kyle! Aaliyah chanted over and over in her mind.

Her will was fading. She wasn't going to last much longer. The sun was sinking, the cabin darkening.

Hurry, Kyle!

Britney took the first seat on the school bus instead of sitting in the back with Kyle and his concubines. He frowned as the bus pulled away from the school. She sat stiffly, almost on the edge of her seat. She wasn't even reading. He couldn't remember her ever seeming so agitated. Even when she was stressed over a big test, she never seemed to lose her calm.

At a stop sign, he moved up the bus's aisle, ignoring the drivers yells, and sat down next to her.

"What's wrong?"

"I am just eager to see Christy," she answered, her breath coming in quick, rapid intakes.

"You seem really stressed."

"I am," she answered as the bus slowed at his stop, the doors squeaking open.

Britney was up in a flash, striding to the doors and down the stairs before he could even react, moving at a brisk walk, practically a jog, towards his house. Kyle followed after her, almost falling down the stairs, and had to run to catch up with his friend.

"What has gotten into you!" he shouted.

"Nothing!" she roared, her face angry like a storm-tossed sea, and she suddenly raced towards his house with a burst of speed, leaping up the steps and landing lightly on the porch.

"Kyle!"

He glanced away from his friend's strange athletic display and saw a Japanese girl waving at him. She was beautiful, with blue-black hair, and a very lithe body. She seemed to know him, though Kyle couldn't place who she was. Fumi, a faint voice whispered in his head, then was wafted away by a sickly-sweet scent.

"Christy!" Britney growled.

There was a splintering crash. Kyle gaped; his best friend had just kicked in the front door of his house. He caught a momentary glance of Christy on the other side, a bunch of leaves clutched in one hand, and then Britney was on her and the two girls fell to the floor in a tangle of wild hair and limbs.

"Shit!" Kyle raced to his house, taking the porch steps two at a time, and hurtled through the shattered doorframe.

Britney was atop Christy. His girlfriend was curled up in a ball to fend off Britney's wild attacks. He grabbed his friend, anger burning in him, and yanked her off his wife, heaving her to the right. She tumbled across the floor and came up in a low crouch. Her glasses had flown off, and her green eyes seemed to glow, growing into slits like a cat's eyes. Dark markings blossomed, striping across her face, and her bushy hair no longer seemed like a tangle of hair, but the mane of a magnificent beast.

"Get away from her, Kyle!" she growled, fierce and feral.

"What the fuck are you!" he demanded.

Christy whimpered on the ground behind him, her face scratched. "Wh-what's going on, Kyle?"

"Get away from her, Kyle," his once friend-turned-monster slowly said. "She is dangerous!"

"Really?" he demanded. "You could fool me! You need to get the fuck out of here, Britney. I'm not—"

Britney leaped at him. He set himself, falling into a judo stance, and lashed out at her. She ducked his thrust and grabbed his arm. He tried to fend her off as she twisted, reaching out to seize her hand and pry her fingers off his arm. She pivoted and he was thrown across her hip, landing hard on his back.

"Kyle!" Christy shrieked. "Help me."

Britney grabbed his wife by the throat. "Release your spell, witch!"

Kyle struggled to his feet, coughing hoarsely as he struggled to regain his wind. Fatima flew in the door, and launched herself at Britney, screeching at the top of her lungs. Britney's hand lashed out, striking Fatima in the solar plexus, stopping his smaller sister's charge dead. Fatima reeled back and crashed onto the floor, gasping for air.

"You fucking bitch!" Kyle roared.

"Stop, or I will break her neck!" Britney growled, her eyes shining and her stripped face as fierce as a tiger's. "I can do it! You saw what I did to your door!"

Kyle froze. Christy struggled on the floor, her face turning red.

"Why are you doing this?" A plaintive tone crept into his voice. He didn't understand; he had known Britney since they were kids. "Why, Britney?"

"Release your spell, witch," Britney hissed at Christy. "Or I will kill you!"

A strangled gasp escaped Christy's lips. "Can't ... breath..."

"I will relax my grip for you to release the spell. But if you try to cast anything else..."

Christy nodded; Britney relaxed her grip. Gasping, Christy spoke, "Goddess Hecate, lift the fog on the mind of all those in this house."

A clean breeze seemed to blow through his mind, driving away the sickly-sweet odor. He stumbled; Aaliyah was reborn in his mind, the memory of her dusky face smiling up at him as she materialized on his bedroom floor, joyous at finally being freed from her lamp. And not just Aaliyah was restored to him, but his love for Fatima and Fumi surged through him, a burning wind of desire. He stumbled, catching himself on the door.

He looked at Christy. She made me forget ... why? Then the panic he had felt last night crashed into him. Aaliyah was missing. And Christy could cast spells. His eyes widened. "What did you do, Christy?" His heart beat faster. His stomach tied in knots. "What did you do to her?"

"I..." Tears brimmed in her eyes. "She stole you from me, Kyle!"

"Stole?" His heart shattered in his chest. "Who? Aaliyah?"

"Yes! You were all mine and then she came!"

"She didn't steal me! She loved me! And I stilled loved you. We were still together."

"I loved you, Kyle! You were mine! I was yours! We didn't need the others! We were happy!"

"So you ... what?" Kyle struggled to understand what she did to him. "You did something to me! What?"

"I cast a spell." Tears leaked out of her hazel eyes. "I made you forget."

"She is a witch," Britney answered. She let go of Christy, and Kyle noticed the stripes fading from her face. "She serves the dark Goddess Hecate."

Christy flinched at the disgust in Britney's words. "I didn't know what I was getting into. I ... I swore an oath. I need the power to save my mom. And then she ordered us to find the Djinn."

Panic pushed down the betrayal. "What did you do with Aaliyah? Did you kill her?"

Christy shook her head. "No. I just ... I captured her, and handed her over to my coven."

"To drain her?" Britney asked.

"Yes."

"Drain her of what? Her blood?"

"Her power," Christy answered. "I'm sorry, Kyle. I swore oaths. And when I found out..." Her face tightened, anger blossoming. "Did you really just expect me to share you? We were dating first! I shouldn't have to share you! That's not the way love works!"

"And casting some spell on me is?" he roared back. "And handing over someone I care about to be drained." His eyes widened. "Fuck! Is draining her going to hurt her?"

"Just make her human," Christy answered. "She'll be fine."

"No, she will not," Britney answered. "The Djinn's power is her life. Once it is drained, she will return to dust."

Christy gasped, stumbling back in horror. "No. That's not what..."

"Why didn't you just say something, Christy?" Kyle demanded. "Why did you make me think you were okay with all of this. We could have talked this over. We could have found a way. You didn't have to wipe my memory and capture Aaliyah!"

She looked up at him, her face quivering, tears running down her cheek. "You made it clear that I had to share you or lose you! You didn't care about my feelings! You just wanted to fuck any woman that got your dick hard, and I just had to live with that!"

"But Chyna?" Kyle frowned. "You didn't care about me and Chyna. I thought—"

"A spell was cast on you, Kyle! You couldn't help wanting her! My damn coven leader's been trying to break us up and she enchanted you and Chyna." Christy shuddered. "The bitch wants me as her ... lover. The things she makes me do..."

"Shit!" Kyle cursed, trying to think. Aaliyah was in danger. Christy's reason for her betrayal didn't matter right now. "Where is Aaliyah? Where is she?"

"A cabin," Christy answered. "Near Eatonville. 24509 Timber Road." She reached out towards him. "I'm sorry, Kyle. I just ... I love you so much. I didn't know she'd die. I just wanted you to myself."

He withdrew. "I ... fuck, Chasity. I can barely stand to look at you right now! How can I trust you? And if Aaliyah dies..." His fist clenched and he leveled her a flinty look. "Goddamn it! What am I supposed to do about this?"

"I'm sorry, Kyle," she sobbed. "Please!"

Anger burned inside him. His body was tensed, wanting to lash out. It was like trying to contain an avalanche. Fear, anger, hatred, love, betrayal crashed inside him. He couldn't think. He didn't know what to do with Christy. How could he forgive her? How could he still love her?

"Forgive me, Kyle! Please! I can't lose you!"

"How?" he roared. "How can I possibly forgive you? You sent Aaliyah to her death!" That fact hit him in the gut. He stumbled back. "Oh, god, you sent her to her death. Fuck, Christy. How could you do that?" He didn't try to hide his disgust.

Christy gave a single, ragged sob, then fled out of the living room. He didn't stop her.

The room was silent for a moment, and then Fatima dropped the weapons Aaliyah had given Kyle on the coffee table with a loud clatter. He hadn't even noticed his sister leave. "We can deal with the bitch later!" Fatima shot the retreating Christy a glare full of fire. "We need to save Aaliyah now!"

Kyle grabbed the katana. Earthbones. It felt right in his grip. Steady as the Earth, as violent as an avalanche. Fatima picked up the yari, flames dancing on its long, straight blade. Two other weapons lay on the table, a curved dagger inlaid with blue metal and a shortbow, it's wooden arms embedded with a green metal.

Britney frowned, and leaned in, picking up the dagger. The dagger glowed with a watery, blue light, enveloping the entire weapon. It flowed, rippling, and transformed into a long, triangular blade held in her clenched fist, rising up from her knuckles. Kyle recognized it as a katar, a punching dagger.

Britney grinned like a cat. "Waterclaw. What a masterful weapon. I would be honored to wield it, Kyle."

"You're coming?" Kyle blinked.

"Of course. I swore to protect you. I can hardly do that if I remain behind." She paused. "Besides, I like Aaliyah. She is quite proper."

Swore to protect me? He was about to ask, when another figure entered the room, moving with an airy grace. Fumi's lily-scented perfume wafted into his nose, stirring desires within him. It took Kyle a moment to remember why she was here. We were supposed to go on a date tonight. He didn't even know how to explain this to her. "Fumi, um, I don't think this is a good time."

She smiled at him as she reached down and picked up the bow. The weapon glowed a deep green and lights swirled about the bow, growing and elongating in her astonished grip. When the glow faded, she held a yumi, the Japanese asymmetrical longbow.

"What a graceful weapon," she cooed. "Windfeather." She drew the string back, an arrow made of green wood materialized. "You are a very interesting man, Kyle. Let's go save this Aaliyah. I so dearly want to meet the other women in your life."
Chapter 10 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 9 |   Bottom
Chapter 10: The Earthen Blade
Posted: October 25, 2014 - 10:44:44 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Wednesday, January 22nd

A raven watched the Unmei house, perched on a power line. It had been watching the house for the last two days, ever since its Master had bid it to watch and wait. A car departed, carrying away four humans clutching powerful talismans, each stinking of a different element. The raven took flight, its Master needed to be informed.

"What are you, Britney?" Kyle asked as he started his Ford Taurus. He was grounded, forbidden to drive his car, but this was an emergency, and he really could care less if it would get him in more trouble with his mom. Aaliyah was in danger.

"A Rakshasa."

"A what?" He put the car into reverse, backing out of the driveway.

"It's a monster from India," piped in Fatima.

Britney tangled mass of brown hair bristled. "I am not a monster."

"Oh, right. Sorry."

"Apology accepted, Fatima. My kind have lived in India, and other places. We are feline shapeshifters. Warriors. We blend in with the native populations of humans."

"That's why you're White and not Indian?" Kyle asked as the GPS blared out instructions to get to the cabin Aaliyah was being held at.

"Yes," Britney nodded.

So my best friend is a Rakshasa. And why not? I married a Genie. This isn't any bigger of a stretch "Britney, you said you swore to protect me."

"My kind has a ... compulsion. We seek out strong individuals to serve and protect. We are the finest bodyguards in the world."

"And you think I'm one of these ... strong individuals?"

"Of course. I sensed it the day we met. I have devoted myself to protecting you, waiting for the day that your greatness would be revealed." She flashed him a smile. "I am so glad to see we are on the cusp of that day."

"And your mothers ... they're both Rakshasa?"

"Only Abigail," Britney answered. "Though they both are my parents."

"But their both women?" Fatima gasped. "You have a dad out there, somewhere, right? You know, whatever sad sack jacked off at the sperm bank your parents used."

"No. My species are hermaphroditic."

That sounded familiar. Something he learned in biology?

"You're a futanari?" Fumi asked. She was so quiet, Kyle had almost forgotten his Japanese girlfriend was in the car.

"That is a word for it," Britney answered, her tangled hair bristling.

Kyle felt his cheeks reddened. He knew that word from 4chan.

"What is that?" Fatima frowned. "It's Japanese, right?"

"She has a penis," Fumi answered, her words smoky and her lily perfume filled Kyle's nose, setting his heart pounding.

"Oh," Fatima whispered. Kyle could see her eyes widened in the rear-view mirror, and a mischievous grin exploded across her face. "Does it work, Britney?"

"Both of my sexual organs are fully functional."

Fully functional, huh? No wonder she wears baggy sweats all the time, Kyle thought.

"Wow," Fatima whispered. "Full functional, huh. So you jill your pussy and jack your cock?"

"Of course. I am a teenager. I have the same bursting hormones as any pubescent human. Though I have more self-control than some young men I know."

Kyle let that slide. "So you seem to know about witches and covens? What can we expect?"

"Familiars, spirits, glamours, and enchantments," Britney answered.

"What is this, a D&D campaign?" Kyle muttered.

"No. Familiar are animals controlled by the witch. They can be ... enhanced. Greater speed, greater strength, greater lethality. Spirits are elemental beings. The primal essences of the universe. The physical essences of Fire, Water, Earth, and Air; the emotional essences of Love, Anger, Joy, and Sadness; the Abstract essences of Life, Death, Light, and Darkness. Witches use prayers to one of a number of gods and goddesses, greater spirits than the lowly twelve, and these beings direct the appropriate, lesser spirits to perform the witches desire, creating glamours, geas, enchantments, or other types of spells. The coven that Christy is apart of serves Hecate, a goddess of dark magic and enchantments."

"So Christy used a spirit on me?" Kyle asked.

"In effect. She prayed to Hecate, and the goddess directed the spirit to perform Christy's desire. I would surmise an Elemental of Darkness was used to hide your memory."

"How are we supposed to fight that?"

Britney held up her katar, a triangular-bladed punching knife, the metal inlaid with a shiny, blue material. The katar—like Kyle's katana, Fatima's spear, and Fumi's bow—had come from Aaliyah and had shaped themselves to fit their wielder's fighting style. Kyle's katana had originally been a scimitar and the katar had been a curved, Arabic dagger. "Waterclaw appears to be a talisman attuned to the spirits of Water. I would hazard a guess that I could control these spirits, with the proper practice."

"Yeah, Aaliyah mentioned that."

Britney turned around, fixing her eyes on Fumi. "I think it is time you revealed what you are hiding. I can smell the pheromones you are exuding."

Fumi's face paled.

Christy fled the living room; fled Kyle.

What have I done? Tears flowed hot down her cheeks. I cast a spell on him! I sent Aaliyah to her death!

I'm a worm. A filthy thing.

She burst out of the back door and into Kyle's backyard. A single, large chestnut tree grew nearby. She collapsed before it, the dark soil cold against her knees. Her tears fell like rain. I sent Aaliyah to her death. I don't deserve Kyle.

Christy sobbed beneath the tree as the sun sank, and darkness fell upon the backyard. The wind picked up, chilling her body. She didn't care. She deserved to suffer. To freeze.

"Why did I ever join the coven?" she whispered to herself.

She had been seduced by their promise of healing her mother. And it had worked, her mother's ovarian cancer had gone into remission. Only after she had sworn her oaths to Hecate and Ms. Franklin did she learn the true cost of power, and she had been trapped, reduced to being a plaything for Ms. Franklin's perverse desires.

And now she had betrayed the coven as well as Kyle, revealing one of their strongholds and the location of Aaliyah. She had thrown everything away. Christy could not wait for her punishment. She deserved it for what she did blinded by jealous love.

If I ever betray the coven, may Hecate's daughter drive me to madness and death.

The wind picked up, a faint, chittering sound carried to her. She jumped, looking around the yard. The air warped, something slithered down the fence. Almost invisible, distorting the air like the sun beating down an asphalt road. Only it was January and the sun was setting behind gray clouds.

Eriynes had arrived to punish her.

She stared at the distortion. "I'm sorry, Aaliyah!" she screamed into the wind, somehow hoping the Djinn could hear her. Her eyes closed, and she waited for Eriynes to end her life.

Are you sorry? a new, warm breath whispered in her ear.

"I am!"

The wind swirled between Christy and the distortion.

If you are sincerely penitent, then ask for my protection.

The distortion chittered at the whirling wind in annoyance, "She is mine! She has betrayed my mother. Step aside!"

The wind howled faster, whipping up fallen leaves.

"Who are you?" Christy asked.

Ishtar.

"Are all the women in my life abnormal?" Kyle muttered to himself.

"I'm normal, big bro!"

"You're not secretly some sort of succubus?"

"Nope."

"I need to know what you are, Fumi," Britney continued. "I must know if you poise a threat to Kyle."

"I do not pose a threat to him," Fumi whispered, her voice wavering with uncertainty. "I love him. I am a Yuki-onna. A ... um ... succubus, as you would say in English."

Britney bristled. "Pose no threat? If Kyle ever has vaginal intercourse with you, he will die."

"What?" Kyle blinked.

"No, he won't!" Fumi retorted, swelling up like an angry thunderhead. "He's the one man for me. I just know it! He will be able to survive my full embrace!"

"I am?" Kyle had no idea what was going on.

"He is not!" Britney's words exploded out of her lips like the surf crashing into the cliff. "You would kill him if he ever spilled his seed inside your vaginal canal. He cannot be the one man for you."

"Yes, he is!" Fumi hissed back. "I know it!"

"Jesus, I almost finished in your pussy Saturday night! Are you saying... ?"

"Yes!" Britney hissed, while Fumi gasped, "No!"

"I'm confused," muttered Fatima.

"So am I," Kyle nodded.

"She is a creature that feeds off men's vital energy," Britney answered. "I am sure you have seen how she desires your semen."

"Yeah. She even orgasms when I cum in her mouth."

"And it doesn't kill him," Fumi pointed out. "If we go slow, work ourselves up to 'vaginal intercourse', Kyle will be fine."

"But last Saturday..."

Fumi blushed. "I lost control. My pheromones overwhelmed you. If Christy had not called..."

Kyle shivered.

"But once we've had enough anal and oral sex, you will be able to survive. You will have grown accustomed to my body's hungers."

"No, he will not," Britney objected. "Kyle is not one hundred percent Japanese. He could not possibly be your match!"

Tears welled up in Fumi's face. "He has to be. I love him! I can feel it inside me."

"He is not, Fumi." Britney's voice softened. "I am sorry."

The succubus shuddered for a moment, then calmed herself, forcing down her emotions. "I do love him. I would never hurt him."

"Then stay away from him," Britney answered. "Your love is doomed..."

Her emotions overcame Fumi again for a moment before she regained her composure. "That's not important," she said, wiping the tears from her olive cheeks. "We can deal with this later. We must save your other love, Kyle."

"So there's no way Fumi and I can be together?" Kyle asked Britney, not ready to drop this yet.

"No."

"Fuck! Aaliyah may be dead, Christy's stabbed me in the back, and now you're telling me I can't be with Fumi either!"

"Life is seldom fair."

"Fuck!"

"What about Niqualmie?" Fatima piped in.

Britney frowned, adjusting her glasses.

"Isn't that some Native America folktale?" Kyle asked

"Yes." Britney answered. "She is a powerful spirit that dwells upon Mount Rainier. Perhaps she could help you discover a way to be together."

Hope blossomed in Fumi's face. "Who is this Niqualmie?"

"She's like an oracle, or a spirit," Fatima explained. "The Puyallup Indians have a story about her. Once, a boy and girl were from feuding villages, but they loved each other. So the girl went up Mount Rainier and begged Niqualmie for help. The spirit found the girl's love to be pure, so she gave her a series of tasks to perform that would make the two villages become friends. She spent several seasons accomplishing many difficult feats. Finally, she did it, and through her actions, the two villages became friends again and she married her love."

"Niqualmie is an elemental of love," Britney answered. "A powerful spirit. If your love is pure, and your determination great, she could help you. Seek her at Paradise upon the slopes of Mount Rainier. You must risk much to summon her, exposing yourself to the fierce winter of the mountain and lie naked in the snow. Only on the cusp of death will Niqualmie approach you."

Celestite's cell phone rang.

She cursed, breaking her gaze from the circle and the Djinn bitch weakly fighting against the spell's silvery appendages. She strode across the cabin to her purse, and fished out her cell phone. She froze when she saw the caller ID.

"Master," she breathed, her stomach churning.

"Have you drained the Djinn yet?" His voice was cold, grating.

She froze. How did he know? "Not yet," she carefully answered. "I was waiting to have the task completed before informing you," she lied. Sweat broke out across her forehead. "I know how you hate to be disturbed over trivial matters."

"You have always been so thoughtful, Celestite."

He must be watching me. Celestite decided that it didn't matter. Once she drained the Djinn, she could destroy her Master and take his position. He stood high in Hecate's circle and she itched to have his power.

"Kyle Unmei and three others are seeking to rescue the girl. They have elemental talismans. Be ready. Do not lose my Djinn. I will not overlook that indiscretion."

Her knees buckled. He knows I plan to betray him. And he doesn't care. Is he really that powerful? "I won't, Master. I have plenty familiars to guard us."

The phone went dead.

"Turn left on gravel road, one-half mile ahead," the robotic GPS voice chimed.

There was a break in the thick trees ahead, a gravel road disappearing into the evergreens. Kyle slowed his car. They were close, only a mile away, and fear squeezed his heart harder and harder. Please be alive, Aaliyah!

He took the turn, gravel kicking up in a spray. The road was narrow, twisting, and his car bounced up and down as he raced down it. The dark trees swayed, lit by his headlights. The sun had set almost an hour ago, and the thick brush seemed to swallow light. The road took a hard right, the car sliding on the gravel as Kyle slammed his breaks and fishtailed around the corner.

Fatima let out an exhilarated whoop, bouncing in the back. "Let's go! I'm ready to kick some skank witch's ass!"

Kyle slid around another turn, driving far more reckless than he ever had in his life. There was a straightaway and a distant cabin, glowing softly silver. He floored it; the engine roared and the car bounced down the road, hurtling towards a wooden bridge crossing a ravine.

"The bridge! Stop!" Britney shouted.

Kyle saw it. "Shit!" He slammed on the brakes.

The middle of the bridge was gone, leaving splintered edges. The brake peddle pulsed as the car slid down the gravel. They were going too fast. The rumble of tires on gravel turned to the screech of wood on rubber. The car skidded to the left, aiming at one of the bridge's support beams.

Metal crashed. Airbags exploded. White smoke filled the car. Pain flared across Kyle's chest, the seat belt digging into his ribs. Panic filled him, the car was on fire. He struggled to move, to unbuckle his seat belt, when he realized the smoke poured out of the airbags.

"Damn," Fatima muttered.

"Is anyone injured?" Britney asked, far too calm.

"I'm fine," Kyle groaned. "Fumi?"

She said something in Japanese. "I'm all right. I bit my lip."

Kyle finally unbuckled his seat belt and almost fell out of the car. The front end was crumpled, and he could smell radiator fluid cooking on the engine block. More of the sickly-sweet, green liquid dripped down onto the wooden bridge.

"I thought you were a better driver," groaned Fatima, crawling out the backseat.

"The bridge is out," Kyle answered.

Fatima blinked when she saw the hole. "Shit."

Britney stood at the edge of the hole, peering down into the ravine. The sides were steep, covered in thick, green ferns, and a brook babbled at the bottom. It didn't look easy to climb down, especially in the dark.

"We'll have to go around it or something!" Kyle looked up and down the ravine. It was steep and choked with ferns, a brook babbling in its dark depths. "Fuck, that's not going to be easy."

Britney shook her head, then stepped off the broken edge of the bridge

Kyle's cry ended in a strangled grunt. Britney floated in thin air. He frowned; it was more like she was standing on thin air.

"A glamour," Britney answered. "The bridge is not really out. If you look, you can see pine needles and other debris resting on its surface."

"Then we have our way across," Fumi nodded, opening up his trunk and retrieving her bow. It was a yumi, a Japanese longbow made of a dark wood inlaid with a bright, green metal that seemed to flex with the limbs. Unlike most bows, a yumi had an asymmetrical grip, the bottom of the bow's limbs shorter than the top.

"Let's go and make these witches pay!" Fatima grinned, gripping her yari, a spear tippd with a long, straight blade. The blade was three feet long and set with a pattern of red metal; the haft was tall as his sister, made of the same dark wood as Fumi's bow. His sister pulled out his katana from the trunk, and threw it to him. Earthbones seemed to vibrate in his hands and it reminded Kyle of nothing more than a dog's energetic tail wagging. It's happy to be wielded by me.

"Let's save Aaliyah!" he declared, drawing the beautiful blade from its sheath.

Kyle stepped up to the illusion of the gap, took a deep breath, and stepped forward. Even seeing Britney do the same thing, didn't make it any less terrifying. His foot touched solid, if invisible, wood. Swallowing, he took another step, and another. It was easier to look ahead.

Fatima raced by, completely unconcerned, her feet pounding on unseen wood. She reached the gravel road, turning around, grinning. It was all a game to his little sister.

The bear rose up out of the brush behind her. Big, brutish, topping ten feet tall. Its eyes glowed bright red. Claws swiped at his sister. She just smiled, unaware that a massive paw tipped with gleaming claws raked down at her.

Green streaked by Kyle, trailing a wind that rustled his clothing. The arrow embedded in the bear and erupted in a gale that blew Fatima onto her hands and knees. The bear's swipe missed his sister. It roared in pain, flinching from the green shaft embedded in its chest. A second arrow whizzed past, scraping across the bear's skull. It bellowed, landing on its front legs and charged the bridge.

Britney leaped out of the way, black strips forming on her face as she hissed. Fatima scrambled to her feet, the tip of her yari trailing a tongue of red flame. Kyle took a deep breath, focusing and falling into a stance, katana held high two-handed grip. He would get one swing, and he'd need every ounce of strength to fell the beast.

Sharp claps clattered on wood, the bridge groaning beneath the awkward gait of the bear. Red eyes fixed behind Kyle—on Fumi. Wind rushed past. Green flashed by. Another arrow embedded in the shaggy beast's shoulder. It didn't even flinch.

"Kyle!" Fatima shouted, charging the beast from behind.

He could smell its fetid breath, and feel the heat of its growl. Kyle roared, focusing all his energy, his kai, into his stroke. Earthbones flared golden, bathing the bridge in truth. Wood appeared beneath his feet, the glamour broken by the reality of stone.

Kyle swung.

His sword bit into the bear's shoulder, driving deep into its chest. Far deeper than it should have, cleaving through thick hide, tough sinew, and heavy bones. Blood splashed warm and salty on his face, then the hulk slammed into him. Breath whooshed, the world tumbled around him. Wood rushed up and a painful thud shot through him.

He rolled, gasping for air, staring up at the dark sky. Fumi knelt at his head, her beautiful face twisted with concern. She grabbed his hand; he squeezed.

"I'm fine," he wheezed.

"You killed it!" she whispered.

Fatima stood over him, grinning. "Goddamn, that was awesome!"

"We do not have time," Britney stated. "If the car crash did not alert them, then surely the bear's roar did."

It was getting so hard to find the energy to keep the light at bay. No matter how many she pushed back, more silvery leaches kept coming. She forced her will to lash out. I have to hold on! I have to give Kyle a chance!

"He killed the bear, Celestite," Onyx whispered. "He killed the fucking bear with a single swing of his sword!"

"And that glow," Opal hissed. "He dispelled my glamour."

Was that panic in their voices? Hope blossomed in Aaliyah's breast. She drove back the leaches with renewed effort. Kyle was here! He's come to save me!

Five of the witches crowded at crystal ball that shown with silver light. The ball was between the thighs of coffee-skinned Garnet, drawing off the sexual energy leaking from her pussy. Jade was the only witch not with them, she stood at the circle, maintaining the spell trying to siphon away her powers.

Hope blossomed within Aaliyah. Kyle was coming!

"Tourmaline, do you still have that spirit bound?" Ms. Franklin, their leader, asked the honey-blonde girl.

"The Maniae?" She could hear fear tinging the tanned witch's voice. "I do."

"Unleash it. Opal, Onyx, send the other bear familiars out. I want Kyle and his bitches crushed and those talismans recovered!"

"Yes, Celestite!" the teenage witches quailed.

A new bear charged out of the brush at Britney. The Rakshasa nimbly side-stepped the charging hulk like the sea parting before the prow of a ship. Black stripes darkened her face, and she hissed and punched with her katar. The triangular blade sank into the bear's flank; blood spurted and the hulk stumbled. Fatima roared and rammed the straight blade of her yari deep into creature's skull.

More bestial roars filled the night air and more hulks moved through the shadowed underbrush. Kyle's back ached, bruised from impacting the bridge, but he pushed the pain down and readied himself to face these new attackers. Green arrows flashed, zipping at the shapes. Brush rustled, burst of wind throwing debris into the air. Fur rose before him, his sword flashed. Hot blood and pained growls filled the air.

Kyle was not about to let these creatures, twisted by the witches spells, kill him. Or kill his friend and lovers. The bear drew back, its right foreleg useless. It raised up on its hind legs, compelled by magic to keep fighting, and lifted its left forepaw. Thick, sharp claws glinted. There was no time to be afraid and worry about those claws ripping into his flesh.

Bellowing his kai, focusing his strike. He sheared through the thick, raised foreleg. The beast bellowed in agony, collapsing on the ground as arterial blood pumped quickly out. It struggled to rise; Kyle reversed his blade and thrust down, putting the poor beast out its misery.

Fatima screamed her kai, thrusting with her yari at another bear. Her stabs seemed wild, undisciplined, but Kyle could see her flowing through her forms, the blade stabbing into the bears chest and shoulders, driving the beast back. Britney danced around her bear, flowing gracefully, and lashing out with her katar.

He scanned the clearing before the cabin. A hulk charged past him, two green arrows sprouting out of its shoulder. Fumi stood her ground calmly, drawing her bow back and releasing. The bear didn't flinch. Anger and fear surged in Kyle, and he roared. Power surged in his sword.

"Fumi!"

He didn't understand what he did, but somehow he reached through his sword into the ground. He felt a boulder, one of the Earth's bones, and commanded it to rise. The ground rumbled and bowed. Dirt fountained and the boulder thrust up in the bear's path. The charging bear looked its forelegs, but it was too late. The heavy beast slammed into the boulder, bones cracking.

Kyle ran towards the staggered bear. He hacked into the bear's flank, bringing the beast down. It struggled on the ground, and Kyle dispatched it.

"How did you do that?" Fumi asked; she smelled so wonderful. Kyle fought down his ardor.

"The sword," he answered.

"Right," she nodded.

"Kyle!" Fatima shouted. He glanced at his sister. She pointed at the cabin.

Someone had stepped out of the cabin. A teenage girl, naked, her skin spray-tan orange and her dirty-blonde hair glowed as it was backlit by the cabin. Kyle knew her from school. Sable Purcell. He had shared English with her last semester. She threw something.

The object was red, glinting in the air. It was a gem, its faceted sides catching the dim light, and landed with a thud on the ground. Red, angry light exploded from the gem and a wave of hatred washed over Kyle. A cloud of scarlet hovered in the air, then it contracted. Long, thin limbs grew about a scaly body. A head, triangular shaped, ended with thick mandibles like some monstrous ant. It hissed, swelling larger and larger, until the monster stood over the height of the cabin.

"What is your command, Mistress," it spat out in a hissing voice. A chorus of screams accompanied the hiss, chanting, "HATE, HATE, HATE!" Over and over, battering Kyle's ears.

"Kill them," Sable commanded, "and bring me their talismans."

Its scaly fists clenched, then it swung at Kyle and Fumi. It was so fast, and Kyle tried to make his body move. A wind burst around him, the currents lifting his body and pulling him and Fumi out of the way. A boom resounded as the fist crashed into the ground where they had stood, rents furrowing the hard-packed dirt.

The wind flew him across the ground, his stomach lurching and his body twisting. It set him down gently twenty feet away, Fumi alighting next to him. Her almond-shaped eyes were wide with shock and she stared at her bow in amazement.

"Nice," Kyle grinned at her.

"I just did it," she whispered.

"HATE, HATE, HATE!" The chorus screeched louder as monster turned on Kyle. "I will crush your bones into powder, Mortal! I will feel your flesh squish to jelly beneath my fist."

"Run!" Kyle shouted, giving her a shove, than taking off in the opposite direction.

"A Maniae!" Britney yelled. "An Elemental of Anger! Kill the witch! She controls it!"

"No!" a new voice yelled.

Kyle turned, and flinched.

Christy strode across the bridge. "I will deal with it."

Kyle stared dumbfounded at his treacherous wife. The pain of their argument, of Christy's betrayal, twisted in his gut. What was she doing here? Britney ignored Christy, dashing for Sable. Hissing, his friend charged across the field, her katar level at the witch struggling to control the hulking elemental.

"Stop, Britney!" Christy screamed. "If you kill her, the elemental will rampage out of control! I need to put it back to sleep!"

Britney ignored her, a feral growl rumbling from her throat.

"Hecate, protect your servant and deliver pain to her foe!" Sable shouted, pointing at Britney.

His friend shrieked, her katar falling from her grip. She hit the ground, writhing and spasming like she was being tased.

"I will deal with the Maniae!" Christy shouted. "Save Aaliyah!"

Kyle nodded at her.

"Ishtar, calm this Spirit of Rage," she chanted, rainbow light flashing about her. "Bring sleep to the Maniae!"

"HATE, HATE, HATE!" the elemental screamed. Its body spasmed, its limbs struggling to move. It fought some hidden power. Sable fixed her eyes on Christy, the witch's face red with strain, and began her own chants, fighting for control. The Maniae clawed the earth, ripped at its flesh, screamed its rage at the heavens. "HATE! I will rip every sinew from your body, witch! HATE! I will drink your blood! HATE! I will make a necklace of your bones! HATE!"

Kyle gave the writhing elemental a wide berth as he skirted around it. Fatima joined him, grinning. The tip of her yari burned with a yellow flame. Christy's chants grew louder, more confident. The hellish, hateful chorus dimmed, the thrashing of the spirit lessened.

"She's doing it," Kyle said. Pride mixed with the betrayal.

Fatima spat, "She's just trying to weasel back into your affections. Don't let her."

Kyle's heart was split. He did love her as much as he hated what she had done. Kidnapping Aaliyah, wiping their memory. All those were monstrous. And yet she had come back to help them.

"It's her fault we're in this mess, Kyle."

He glanced at his beautiful sister, her dark eyes burning. "If Aaliyah lives..."

"And if she's dead?"

"I don't know."

They had skirted around the elemental, almost to the door. Something crashed inside, shadows moving in the windows. The log cabin wall exploded outward. Kyle grabbed his sister, turning his body to shield her. A chunk of wood slammed into his back. They fell, landing in a tangle of limbs. A bear snarled, and Kyle struggled to his feet and faced the beast.

It was all metal, its fur, its claws, even its tongue, transformed into dull, gray iron. An augmentation. "Shit." He leaped to the side, metal claws raking the ground and sending up clods of dirt.

A naked, pale-skinned teenager strode behind it, joining Sable, and added her voice to the spell controlling the Maniae. The chorus of hate grew louder. Kyle couldn't worry about that now. He sent a hurried blow at the beast, his sword clanged harmlessly off the beast.

"Oh, fuck!" He dived out of another claw swipe.

Fatima lunged in, her yari's blade blazing red-hot. Sparks burst, the beast howled and spun. She raised her yari's haft, catching the metal bear's swipe. But she was light, barely a hundred pounds, and she couldn't stand against a regular bear's swipe, let alone one made of metal. She flew back and landed in a ball on the ground.

The metal bear charged after Fatima as she stood up. He reached into the earth through his katana, finding another boulder. The boulder erupted from the ground in the bear's path. Metal crashed into stone. The bear plowed through it, chunks of rock bursting in a cloud of flying debris around the charging beast.

Wind rushed by Kyle, lifting Fatima into the air. She spun over the hurtling metallic hulk. It crashed into a pine tree. Wood snapped, the tree toppling over with a heavy thud. Fatima landed next to him, grinning. The bear thrashed around, looking, then turned and saw them.

It roared its frustration.

Kyle's mind raced, struggling to come up with a plan. Sticking boulders in its path won't do anything. The bear leaped over the rubble left by the pulverized boulder. An idea popped into his head. Would that work?

"Fuck it!" Kyle reached through Earthbones into the ground, willing it to split open.

The ground groaned in protest, shaking. Trees rustled. The earth opened up before the charging hulk, a great rent. The bear bellowed, dirt furrowing as it locked its forepaws and tried to stop its momentum. It couldn't. The metallic monster was swallowed by the crack, crashing down into the earth. It snarled, clawing at the hard soil and rocks, struggling to climb up the rent.

He sealed it shut.

"RAGE! RAGE!"

The elemental was struggling. Karrie Robertson, naked, her ebony skin hard to see in the darkness, had joined the other two witches. Kyle sat next to Karrie in Chemistry and she was in his Math class. The three witches were sending their voices at the elemental, rousing the spirit to new violence. Christy was losing, but she kept chanting, sweat beading her forehead as she strained to pacify the spirit. Kyle's heart was stirred at the sight of her.

"We have to help her," Kyle said. "We need to take out the witches so she can put it to sleep."

"Yeah," Fatima nodded. The metallic bear seemed to have knocked some of the enthusiasm out of her. "I'll take the Black girl."

Kyle nodded. "On three?"

"Three!" she roared and charged before he was ready.

"Damn it!"

He chased after his sister, leaping over a rent of disturbed soil. One of the witches, Lorrie Gore, turned, her brown hair swirling about her naked shoulders. She pointed at them, opening her mouth. "Oh, Hecate, defend your—"

A green arrow feathered her throat. Lorrie looked so young as astonishment painted her face, then she collapsed to the ground. Karrie saw Fatima's charge at the last second, her dark eyes gaping in horror. Fatima didn't seem to hesitate, and rammed her yari into the Black teen's guts.

Sable was too focused on keeping the elemental under control to realize what was happening. Kyle swallowed. He couldn't kill her. She was practically helpless. So he hit her with the hilt of his katana in the face. Her nose broke, she stumbled back, then collapsed into an unconscious heap.

"Rage!"

"Sleep!" Christy yelled.

"rage..."

"Your rage is spent. Sleep, Maniae."

"ra..."

The hulking spirit became still, then red light pulsed upon its skin, glowing brighter and brighter until the entire clearing before the cabin was filled with a harsh, crimson light. One last, hissing cry, then it contracted. A single, red gem glinted on the ground.

Christy exhaled, then stumbled, her shoulders slumping as she trembled. A look of amazement crossed her face and her lips wordlessly moved. Kyle thought she whispered, "I did it."

Britney groaned nearby, climbing painfully to her feet. She saw the unconscious Sable, and hissed at her, angry as a storming sea. She retrieved her fallen katar, and stalked towards the witch. Her green eyes glowed in the dark, reflecting murder.

"No," Kyle stated.

She froze, then gave him a nod.

Fatima's eyes were fixed on Karrie's corpse. "It was so easy," she muttered. "I didn't even think."

"C'mon, Fatima," Kyle whispered, touching her arm. "Aaliyah needs us."

She shook herself, then looked at the cabin. "Bansai!" she cried out, and charged in through the open door like a Samurai, headless of danger.

Kyle followed, Britney at his heels. His sister leaped the porch steps and dashed through the open door. He took the stairs in one step. Through the door he could see Aaliyah huddled in a glowing circle. A teen with long, black hair stood at the circle, eyes closed, and chanting.

His biology teacher, Ms. Franklin, strode forward. She was naked and beautiful. Her gorgeous, fiery hair fell in curtains about her round breasts. Her green eyes flashed, her lush lips moved, and she pointed at his charging sister. "Hecate, send this girl into an everlasting nightmares."

Fatima dropped like a marionette's whose strings had been cut, landing hard on the wooden floor, bouncing, and rolling to a rest on her back at the teacher's feet, her yari clattering to the floor beside her.

Kyle went cold inside, his emotions wiped away. He was stone. Hard, unfeeling, unmoving stone. He raised his sword. Ms. Franklin had killed his sister, one of his wives, and she would die. He was vaguely aware Rashawn Underhill chanting a spell beside the teacher. Britney leaped past him at the witch, katar flashing like sunlight on a rippling lake, striking straight for the coffee-skinned witch's heart.

Kyle had hard eyes only for his former teacher.

"Hecate, protect your servant!"

His sword flashed.

"Strike down my enemy—"

Her words died. Her head separated from her body. She remained upright for a moment, before she collapsed into a crumpled heap. As dead as his sister.

"Kyle," moaned Aaliyah, looking up at him. The silver light glowing in a circle was attacking her, reaching out with tiny, silver tendrils that kept trying to attach to her body.

The chanting girl with dark hair blinked her eyes, and her words caught in her throat. Britney stood at his side, growling, the Black teen's blood staining her katar. The silver light around Aaliyah vanished.

"You came for me," his Genie wife whispered.

"Please!" the witch—Phillipa Stoddard—begged, a pendant made of jade hanging between her naked breasts. "Please don't kill me."

"Kyle," Britney purred, her voice thick and husky. "Let me take this one. I will interrogate her and keep her out of mischief. We need to learn all we can about this coven."

Kyle glanced at his best friend. She actually sounded ... horny. He always thought she was asexual. He had never seen her show any interest in men or women. Well, the naked witch was very attractive, with nice, round breasts and dusky, olive skin. He vaguely remembered that Phillipa was half-Korean.

"Yeah, she's all yours."

Aaliyah struggled to rise. He was at her side and hugged her in a crushing embrace. Fatima was dead, but Aaliyah lived. It didn't seem fair to lose the one to save the other. He wanted to cry, but he still felt dead inside, his soul petrified.

"What happened to Fatima?" Fumi asked.

He glanced at his Japanese love. She knelt next to Fatima's corpse. His sister looked so peaceful, like she only slept. Fumi shook her gently, an envelope clutched in her hand.

"Ms. Franklin killed her," Kyle said, his voice empty, dead.

"No," Fumi objected. "She's just unconscious."

Life exploded inside him, hope spreading green across dead soil. "What?"

"Celestite cast a nightmare spell," whispered the captured witch.

"Who?" Kyle asked.

"Ms. Franklin," the teen answered. "We all went by the color of our auras. I'm Jade, she's Celestite, and that's..." she swallowed, glancing at the corpse of Rashawn Underhill. She had been the fastest runner in his class. "That was Garnet."

"How do you break this nightmare spell?" Kyle demanded of the witch.

"Only Celestite could..."

"So she'll sleep for how long?"

"Forever."

Christy had tears in her eyes as she started her car. I'll probably never see him again.

"Have faith," Iris whispered.

Her guide and companion appeared in a burst of rainbow light. Ishtar had sent her own daughter to lead Christy on her journey of redemption. It was the only way to break Hecate's hold on her and to be free. Helping to rescue Aaliyah was merely the first step.

"He won't want me back."

The spirit reached out, touching her hand. "Love is very powerful. It can do great harm or great good."

"That's so true," Christy muttered, looking at the wreckage in front of the cabin.

She turned her car around, driving across the bridge. Fumi had her letter. It would explain her feelings to Kyle. She needed to get moving before Hecate's daughter caught up. Eriynes was close; she could almost hear the spirit's skittering legs.

"Where to, Iris?"

"Mount Shasta."

Celestite's crystal died. The raven familiar cawed.

Irritation flickered inside him. She had been one of his most promising witches, building that delightful coven of hers. None of his other followers had ever shown such initiative. Pity she had been so stupid and rash. He would have to find out exactly how Kyle Unmei had defeated her. The youth was far more formidable than he had assumed.

Two other crystal's glowed on his desk—Shadow and the Vicar—the other members of his coven. He would need to move more carefully against this youth. Ms. Franklin had been far too direct and she had paid for that mistake. But he was patient. In the end, the Djinn's powers would be his, along with whatever powerful talismans Kyle and his compatriots must possess.

Then he would have the power to challenge his Goddess and cast her down.

His phone rang.

"Hello," he answered, sounding pleasant, slipping into his mask.

"Hi, Principal Burke," the woman answered. He smiled. Celestite was dead, but there were always other pawns to be used. "I'm free this Friday."

"Great," he answered. "And call me Stanley, Mrs. Unmei. If I'm taking you to dinner, you should be able to call me by my first name."

Her laughter was rich. "I guess so. It seems a little..."

"Weird?"

"Yeah." She paused, then added. "I guess, I'm a little nervous. I haven't been on a date in years. Not since my husband..."

"I understand. If you don't want to..."

"No, no!" She sounded eager. Good. She had been widowed for years, denying herself pleasure for her children's sake. She was ripe to be plucked by him and turned into a knife to stick at her son's throat. "I need to move on. I loved my husband, but he would want me to be happy."

"And how are your children going to take this?"

She sighed. "I don't know. Kyle's acting so weird lately. I'm going to kill him when he gets home. I grounded him and took away his car, but he and it are gone, and his concubines are not telling me where he went. And I don't even know what he did to the front door. Alexina claims they were horsing around and somehow it got kicked in."

"Sorry to hear that. Maybe your son just needs to have a strong father figure in his life."

"Maybe," she said, sounding wistful. "So what time should I be ready?"

"I'll pick you up around seven?"

"Sounds good, Prin ... I mean, Stanley."
Chapter 11 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 10 |   Bottom
Chapter 11: The Heart of the Warrior
Posted: November 01, 2014 - 08:36:17 am
Updated: November 20, 2014 - 07:32:57 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Wednesday, January 22nd

"I wish my sister was healed!" Kyle demanded, cradling Fatima's head on his lap.

Aaliyah closed her eyes, shuddering, "It's an enchantment. It's beyond the scope of my power."

"So you could heal her if she was hurt?"

She shook her head. "Healing isn't hearth or harem."

"And neither is breaking a spell?"

"No," she whispered. "I'm sorry. I tried, but my father's commands still restrict my powers."

"So disobey him! You come from some old-school culture. Shouldn't your husband supersede your father?"

"But my father is the Sheikh of the Jann Tribe. His word carries the weight of law." A tear ran down her dusky cheek. "I am so sorry, my love."

Kyle stroked his sister's forehead. "What are we going to do?"

"We have to leave, Kyle. And we cannot leave any evidence we were here," Britney calmly said, her hand gripping Phillipa Stoddard's shoulder, forcing the Witch to stay on her knees.

Kyle looked up from his sleeping sister's side. "What?"

"We cannot stay here, Kyle. Our fight was loud and noisy. Even as remote as this cabin is, people must have seen the light from the Elemental and heard it's roar. We cannot leave any evidence behind. Look around. There are four dead here. We killed them. The police will investigate."

"Right," Kyle nodded, taking a deep breath. His sister-wife barely seemed to be breathing and it was hard to concentrate on anything else.

"She'll be fine, my love," Aaliyah whispered, kneeling on the opposite side. "We can do nothing for her now. And we cannot help her if we're under arrest."

"Yeah," he sighed. "I guess we need to wipe down fingerprints and stuff."

Aaliyah cocked her head, using her powers to understand what he said. "Right. Leave that to me." With a wave of her hand, dust in the cabin formed into little, squat men that set about scrubbing the house. "There," she nodded.

"The outside shouldn't be that bad, it a mess out there," Kyle said, standing up. "I'll go get my car and..." His face fell; his car was wrecked. "That's going to be a problem."

"Not really," Fumi said; his Japanese girlfriend leaned against the doorway. "You can just have the earth swallow it up like you did with the bear."

"So how are we getting out of here then? We can't call for a cab, and we don't want to leave any traces we were here."

"How did you get here, Phillipa?" questioned Britney.

"I drove," the girl muttered, looking at the floor. "My car's parked around back. With the..." she swallowed, glancing at the corpses of Ms. Franklin and Rashawn. "With their cars."

"Then we'll crowd her car to get home," Fumi said "Best to leave no evidence she was ever here as well."

"Do we bury their bodies?" Aaliyah asked.

Kyle glanced at Ms. Franklin and shuddered. He had killed her in the heat of the moment, but seeing her cooling body lying next to her decapitated head disturbed him. "No. They deserve to be found. Think of their families."

"What do we do about Sable?" Britney asked. "I can keep one witch in check, but not two. Perhaps we should just slit her throat. What is one more body?"

Aaliyah and Kyle both gave Britney a horrified glance. He thought he had known his best friend, but there was a dark side to her. "No. That's wrong. Aaliyah, I'll wish her to be one of my harem."

Aaliyah concentrated, then frowned. "It didn't work."

"Our amulet's protect us," Phillipa answered, "from such blatant domination. Hecate is a jealous goddess."

"Fine, I'll go take hers off," Kyle said, standing up.

He walked outside the cabin. Sable was gone. His stomach sank; he had left her lying right there unconscious. Fumi stepped up beside him, placing a hand on his shoulder. Something was clutched in her other hand; an envelope.

"We can't stay long, Kyle," she whispered. "She's gone. We need to clean up fast. Let's go take care of your car."

"Yeah." He glanced at the letter.

She held it up to him. "From Christy. She gave me this before she left."

Emotions tangled inside of him. Aaliyah was safe, and he wanted to try and forgive Christy, he still loved her, but she had betrayed them. He needed to talk to her, to try and figure out this mess. His mouth tasted like ash; he took the envelop and stuck it in his back pocket.

"Let's take care of my car," he sighed.

His car still was on the bridge, crashed into the side. Bits of broken glass and plastic strew across it the wooden deck and antifreeze filled the air with a sweet-sickly smell and dripped through the gaps in the wood.

"We have to move it," Kyle said.

"Put it in neutral and release the parking brake," Fumi said. "I'll move it."

Kyle glanced at her bow, nodded, and quickly followed her instructions.

Fumi held her bow up; green light flared in the metal. Wind rushed around them and seemed to grow and swirl around the car, whipping into a vortex. Small debris skittered across the ground, then slowly spun about into the air. Metal groaned, the car shifted as a small tornado swirled about it. His girlfriend focused hard, her eyes narrowing and sweat beading her forehead. The car gave another groan, then rolled backwards.

"Holy shit, that's amazing!"

"Yeah," Fumi answered, her voice tight with strain.

The car kept rolling backwards, the bridge swaying as the wind whipped about its trusses. Kyle's stomach lurched and he hoped Fumi didn't dump them into the river below. But he had faith in her. His car reached the gravel road and she kept pushing it until the entire car rested on the road, then the wind dissipated, debris raining down.

"That was hard," she gasped.

Kyle hugged her, lifting her up and spinning around. She smelled so wonderful, like lilies and his cock hardened. He kissed her, thrusting his tongue into her as his hand grasped her breasts. He had to fuck her right now. His cock was a slab of steel. His mind screamed some warning, but that didn't matter; Fumi was so lithe and—

"No!" she shouted, pushing away. "No, Kyle!"

He gasped for air, his face flushed as she backed away. "Right," he muttered, regaining some control over himself. "I don't want to die."

She flinched. "I'm sorry." Tears ran down her eyes. "In the morning, I'm going to find that spirit Fatima told me about, Niqualmie, and see if there is a way we can be together that way."

"And if there's not?"

"We'll never see each other again." A sob escaped her and tears ran down her cheeks. "I can't take the chance of losing control and killing you, Kyle."

Another thing taken from him. Christy's gone, Fatima's unconscious, and now Fumi was leaving, maybe forever. "Let's bury the car," Kyle grunted, turning away and concentrating on his sword. The ground opened up, his car disappeared, crashing into the pit. Fumi sent a wind to blow all the small pieces of his car down into the thirty-foot deep hole, then he closed it up.

Neither noticed the license plate lying in the shadows of one of the bridge's trusses

Britney pulled Phillipa's car in front of Kyle's home.

"My mom's going to kill me," Kyle muttered, opening the door. He grabbed his little sister's unconscious form, cradling her gently in his arms. He did love her a lot. "I'll see you tomorrow, Britney, if I still live."

"You will," she answered. "Good night."

"Good night, Britney," Aaliyah whispered, then followed her husband towards the house.

Britney pulled the car away, glancing over at Phillipa sitting in the passenger seat, her hands tied in front of her and a gag about her lips. For the first time in her life, lust stirred Britney's cock as she gazed at the fearful witch.

"You are my prize," Britney cooed, reaching over to cup her Phillipa's round face, turning her so she could gaze at her beautiful, hazel eyes. "I will treasure you, once you have been trained properly."

A shiver passed through Phillipa and Britney could smell the fear oozing off of her. That fanned her ardor more. She would enjoy bending Phillipa to her will.

Britney parked Phillipa's car in her driveway, got out, and walked around the car to pull the witch out and led her to the front door. She quickly unlocked her doors and ushered the bound girl inside her house before anyone saw.

"What is going on?" gasped her human mom. "Why are you bringing home a tied up girl, Britney?"

"What is all the ruckus, Franny," her Rakshasa mother asked, sauntering in like a graceful lioness from the kitchen, an amused smile playing on her lips.

"Our daughter has brought home a tied-up girl," huffed Mom. "Look at the poor thing, Abigail, she's scared."

"She is my prize," Britney answered, stroking the girl's cheeks.

"Ahh," her Mother nodded, understanding in her green eyes. All Rakshasas had green eyes. "She is the one, Britney?"

"Yes, Mother," she answered, stroking the bound Phillipa's cheeks. "She is beautiful."

"I will speak with Franny."

"What is going on, Abigail?"

Her mother placed a comforting arm around her mom's shoulders, leaning in to kiss her on the cheeks. "You know how we work. I took you as my prize, and our daughter has taken this girl as hers."

"You didn't tie me up!"

"I would have if you were not so willing," purred Mother, then she licked Mom's cheek. "Come on, I need satisfaction. Let us leave our daughter to her fun."

"Okay," Mom meekly answered, and let herself be led upstairs.

Her bedroom was on the first floor, and Britney marched Phillipa through the living room and a short hallway to reach it. Her room was neat and orderly, and she shoved the bound girl onto her bed, then pulled off her dirty top and wiggled out of her pants; her cock rose up hard from her thick, brown bush. Instead of having a clitoris, Britney had a cock, though no balls, and beneath it was a fully functional pussy. Phillipa's eyes were locked on her dick.

"Do you like it?"

Phillipa shook her head. "You will." She licked her lips and the bound girl recoiled from her hunger; it made her cock harder.

Britney went to her closet, and pulled out a plain, cardboard box. Phillipa's fear grew as Britney took out the objects one at a time: a leather flail, a wooden paddle, a carefully coiled hemp rope, nipple clamps, pink-furred handcuffs, a ball gag, a butt plug, a leather collar, iron rings, and piercing needles. Britney savored the scent of her fear, aching to stroke her cock and finger her pussy.

Not yet.

"I have been dreaming of the day when I found my prize," Britney purred. "I would never have thought it would be you, Phillipa. But seeing you shivering in fear awakened something inside me."

She walked to the girl, removing her gag.

"What are you going to do to me?" shivered Phillipa.

"I'm going to break you and tame you."

She untied Phillipa's bounds. The girl tried to run; Britney's hand shot out and grasped the girl by the shoulder, yanking her back to the bed. Then she ripped the girl's blouse, the fabric easily tearing beneath Britney's strength.

"Help!" Phillipa cried. "Someone, help me!"

"No one can hear you," purred Britney. "Well, my mothers can, but they will not help you.

Britney admired her round breasts with upswept, pink nipples. Then she tore the pants off the girl, leaving her naked and trembling on her bed while she fetched the rope. She had always wanted to tie up a woman—she had seen her mother tie up her mom many times—and her hand trembled as she loped complicated knots around Phillipa's legs, up her torso, around her breasts, squeezing them together—so pretty—then binding her arms to her side, her hands at the small of her back.

"You are such a gorgeous creature," Britney purred, stroking her dark hair.

"Please," sobbed Phillipa. "Let me go. I won't tell."

"Yes, you will."

"I'll curse you," she hissed. "Hecate..."

Britney slapped her. "You will not pray to that foul goddess without my permission."

She drew in her breath, glaring at Britney. So she slapped Phillipa harder, reddening her cheeks. A tear ran down the girl's eyes.

"Will you submit and be my prize?" Britney asked.

"What does that mean," she mumbled.

"I will take you as my mate and love you forever."

"Fuck that!"

Slap!

"You will address me as Mistress until I tell you otherwise, Prize!"

"Bitch!"

Slap!

"I can keep this up all night."

A sullen glare was her answer.

"Good." Britney walked to her BDSM collection and picked up the nipple clamps. "Do you know what these are?" she asked, holding them up and working them open and close.

"No."

"No, what?"

"No..." Britney raised her hand. " ... Mistress."

"Nipple clamps," Britney answered.

Hazel eyes widened. "Oh, no! You're not going to?"

She gasped as Britney clamped the first one on her right nipple, squeezing the pink nub between the metal teeth. She screamed in pain when the second one clamped her left nipple. Britney smiled, and stroked her cock.

"Do you want me to take them off?"

"Yes!" moaned the girl. "Please! Please, Mistress!"

"Beg me to fuck you," Britney answered.

"What?"

"Beg for me to stick my hard cock into your pussy," Britney purred, tugging on a nipple clamp.

"Never!"

"Okay," Britney smiled, and picked up a the ball gag. "Time for bed, I think."

"You're not going to take them off, Mistress?" sobbed the girl. "They hurt."

"I know. Pain is a good conditioner." Britney walked to the bed, the ball gag stretched between her hands. "Just ask me to fuck you, and they come off."

"No! I'm not going to let some tranny freak fuck me!"

Britney grasped her chin, and pushed the ball gag towards her mouth.

"No, wait!" she begged. "Are you really going to make me sleep like this?"

"Of course."

"You don't need to gag me."

"I cannot have you casting spells while I am sleeping."

"But..." A tear leaked down her face. "How can I ask you to take off my nipple clamps if I'm gagged?"

"You mean, in the middle of the night, you might reconsider and want me to fuck you?"

"Maybe," she whispered.

"Then you better ask now, otherwise I am going to bed."

Her lip quivered. "Please, Mistress."

"Please, what?"

"Fuck me."

"With my freaky, tranny cock?"

"Yes."

"I am not a tranny," Britney hissed, and pushed the ball gag towards her mouth. "I am a hermaphrodite."

"I'm sorry, Mistress," she begged. "Please fuck me with your wonderfully beautiful, hermaphrodite cock."

Britney manhandled her onto her stomach and slapped her cute ass, mounting her prize.

"You said you'd take them off!" she protested. "Please, Mistress, they hurt."

"After you have climaxed on my cock and made me orgasm," Britney promised.

"That's not—"

Britney slapped her perky ass. "I said I would remove them after you agreed, I did not say when I would remove them. Now if you are going to whine, I will insert the ball gag and you can stay like that all night."

"I'm sorry." Britney raised her hand to slap her ass. "Mistress!" she quickly squeaked.

"So you want me to fuck your cunt and, after we have both orgasmed, remove your nipple clamps?"

"Yes, Mistress," she nodded.

Britney smiled, laying her naked body across Phillipa's bound form, the hemp rope rough on Britney's breasts and belly as she pressed her cock between the bound teen's legs. It was tight between her thighs because of the bonds, and Britney shuddered as she slid between her legs trying to find her pussy.

"Fuck!" she snapped, growing impatient to taste her first pussy.

She grabbed a pillow, lifted Phillipa up, and shoved it beneath her belly. The teen's pussy was visible peaking between her thighs, covered in a thick, black bush, and damp. Despite all her protests, Phillipa was responding to her helplessness. Britney inhaled deeply, delighting in all the wonderful fragrances that mixed together to form Phillipa's unique scent of arousal.

Britney pressed forward, nudging her pussy lips; it felt so wonderful. She jabbed in; Phillipa let out a low moan. Britney had never experienced something so wonderful before. She had masturbated her cock before, but it paled compared to being wrapped around the tight, hot, and wet flesh of Phillipa's sheath.

"Oh, my!" Britney growled, pumping away. "You like my cock inside you?"

"No," moaned Phillipa.

"You love it! Do not lie to me!"

"I'm not!" she gasped.

"Then why are you so wet?"

"I-I don't know."

Britney pumped faster, her groin smacking into Phillipa's cute rear. She licked her prize's ear, and whispered, "You love the pain. I could sense it back at the cabin. You want to be used and abused, made to be someone's bitch!"

"No! I'm not like that!" she protested.

Britney wormed her hand beneath the bound girl and found one of her nipple clamps. She pulled on the nipple; Phillipa gasped in pain; her cunt tightened about Britney's cock. So wonderful. Britney kept pulling, taking delight in her moans of pain and pleasure, and the wonderful sensation of tight pussy squeezing on her pumping shaft.

"You are a pain slut!" Britney hissed. "My pain slut! My Prize!"

"I'm not!" she gasped. "Please, you're hurting me!"

"You love it, pain slut!"

"No!"

Britney nipped her ear, pounding harder at her wonderfully tight cunt. She loved this bound girl. It was the nature of her species, and if she could break her and bend her fully to her will, she'd have a wonderful mate for the rest of her life.

She tugged harder on the nipple clamp. "Just admit how much the pain is driving your pussy crazy."

"It's not!" she gasped. "Oh, no! I'm not like..." Her words trailed off into a gasping moan, her cunt spasming around Britney's cock.

"That's it," Britney hissed. "Cum on my cock, pain slut!"

"Oh, god!" she gasped, then collapsed.

"Good. That's a good Prize!"

Britney sped up her thrusts, her orgasms building in the depths of her womb. She allowed herself to fully revel in the bound girl's pussy, savoring the muscles rippling about her, the wet warmth hugging her, and the wonderfully tart scent on her hot cunt.

"Oh, yes! Here it comes! I am going to plant my baby in your belly. I cannot wait until your stomach is wide and round with our daughter!"

She buried into her prize and flooded her cunt with all her built up semen, gasping and savoring every last second of her first orgasm inside a woman's pussy. She thrust again, making sure every last drop squeezed out.

"Umm, that was wonderful," she purred.

"You said you'd take them off, Mistress," she whimpered.

"I did." Britney pulled out and flipped her over. "I am told it hurts even more when they come off as the blood flows back into them."

She pulled the first one off; Phillipa howled and Britney savored those delightful yells. Then she removed the second one. She flipped her prize onto her belly, walking back to her S&M supplies. She grabbed the butt plug and wandered back to the bed.

She didn't warn the girl and just shoved it up her ass. Phillipa's gasping shriek was music to her ears. "I need you ready for my cock back there," Britney whispered. "I am going to possess every part of you."

"Please, Mistress," she moaned. "I've never had anything up there before."

"Good," Britney purred as she shoved the ball gag into her mouth, securing it behind her head, then she turned the lights out and curled up to her prize. "I love you," she whispered and fell asleep to Phillipa's muffled sobs.

His mother gave him one last glare before the EMT slammed the ambulance door. Fatima was inside, being rushed to the hospital, and Kyle's mom was riding along with her, clutching her unconscious daughter's hands.

When they walked into the house, his mom had been livid, standing in the wreckage of the door Britney had kicked in. "Kyle, you are—" She saw Fatima and a scream ripped from her throat.

While waiting for the ambulance, she screamed at Kyle for getting Fatima hurt, for sneaking out after he was grounded, and for the bullshit—her exact word—lie about Aaliyah being kidnapped by a coven of witches.

"It'll be better in the morning," Aaliyah whispered, resting her hand on his shoulder.

"Sorry, Master," Shannon, one of his concubines, sighed. "We tried to convince her it was an emergency, but we didn't know how to tell her ... about everything."

The other concubines—Alexina, Carla, and Chyna who belonged to Kyle, and Anne and Kayleah who belonged to Fatima—nodded. Anne and Kayleah looked particularly miserable, their mistress was on her way to the hospital.

"Yeah," Kyle sighed. "I'm so tired. Everything's just gone wrong."

"You saved me," Aaliyah whispered.

"Yeah. It only cost me my sister."

Aaliyah flinched.

"Shit. I'm sorry. That came out wrong. I'm not sorry I rescued you."

"It's okay, Kyle. Come on, let's go upstairs. It'll seem better in the morning."

"No, I have to do something first." He pulled out his cell phone.

"Pierce County Sheriff's office, how my I help you?"

"Yeah, my car was stolen," he said.

"And what is the license plate."

He told her, surprised he could remember it and she read back the color, make, and model.

"That's it," he agreed."

"When was it stolen?"

"I don't know when. It was parked out front of my house when I got home from school around three-thirty. And now it's missing."

"Do you owe any money on the car?"

"No?" he frowned. "Why does that matter?"

"If you owed money and were late on payments, your car could have been repossessed."

"No, it was paid off."

"Okay. A detective will get back to you in a day or so. We can reach you at this number?"

"Yeah," he sighed.

Kyle and his harem trooped upstairs to the expended space that was his bedroom. It was almost as large as the rest of the house, with rooms for Fatima, Aaliyah, Christy, and Fumi, plus the concubines each had their own tiny rooms, and there was Kyle's large bedroom with the largest bed he had ever seen that everyone seemed to want to sleep on.

"It seems bigger," Kyle said, glancing at Aaliyah.

"I think we all want to be with you tonight," his wife smiled.

He glanced at the six concubines all unrobing. "I'm not sure I'm up to that much debauchery tonight."

"Of course not," Aaliyah whispered. "We just want to be close to you, right ladies."

A chorus of yeses and yeahs answered his wife.

It was sweet, and Kyle felt a smile ghost on his lips for a moment. He pulled his shirt off and it vanished before the grimy shirt could hit the floor—Aaliyah's work. He unbuttoned his pants and paper crinkled.

Christy's letter.

Swallowing, he pulled it out and opened it.

To my love, Kyle

I have grievously wronged you, Aaliyah, and Fatima with my actions. I know there is no taking back the crimes I have committed. I was confused and jealous and didn't tell you the problems I was going through. These aren't excuses; I made a bad choice, and now I have to live with the consequences.

I loved you so much that I ended up losing you. I didn't even try to understand this new relationship you had forged with your other wives and wished to share with me. I was selfish and wanted you all to myself. I can never forgive myself the mistakes I've made. Hopefully it is not too late to save Aaliyah. Either way, this is the end for our journey together.

I have made a pact with Hecate that I must break free of, and I may not survive the attempt. Either way, I will not be returning. I will not intrude on your joy or grief. Know that I will always love you, Kyle, and I hope one day you can forgive me, though I doubt I can ever forgive myself.

Your wife forever,

Christy

The damn broke inside Kyle; tears flowed. "How did this happen?" he sobbed. "Yesterday I woke up with four women I loved, and now only one remains."

"Christy isn't coming back?" Aaliyah asked gently.

"She thinks I hate her. That I can't forgive her." He looked at Aaliyah. "Do you forgive her?"

"I ... understand her," she answered. "But..."

Kyle laughed. "Of course. She betrayed you, betrayed me. So why can't I stop loving her? Why can't I just hate her?"

"The heart is never simple, Master," Chyna whispered, sitting on the other side of Kyle and resting her head on his shoulder. "You can't help whom you love."

"Would you hate me if I wished her back?"

"No, my husband," Aaliyah answered. "I would do it for you."

"And could you share your bed with her? Or would you be at her throat for her betrayal?"

"I don't know. She hurt me. They hurt me." She turned her head away. "Maybe my heart will heal in time."

"I guess I can't ask for anything more," he sighed, then cupped her cheek. "You're the only wife I have left. We're going to have to be careful."

She touched his cheek. "You will be protecting me."

He wrapped his arms around her, hugging her lithe form against his chest. Her lips found his, soft and soothing, and his grief receded in his wife's embrace. She pulled him down atop her, spreading out beneath him, her kisses growing more heated. Chyna nuzzled their side, her hand tracing the muscles of his back while her lips caressed his shoulder. Alexina slid in on the other side, pressing her petite body against them.

A hand grasped his cock—Alexina's—and she guided him to Aaliyah's sheath. He penetrated his Genie wife; she moaned into his lips, writhing her hips against his thrusts. Nothing mattered but his wife and his concubines. All of the grief could wait for morning; tonight he was going to celebrate the one good thing that had happened.

He had saved Aaliyah.

"Make love to her, Master," purred Chyna. "You two are so beautiful together."

Alexina's hand cupped his balls as he pumped slowly into his wife. "We love you both," Alexina whispered. Her thighs wrapped around his leg, her wet pussy and damp pubis rubbed against him.

"We are so glad you're back," purred Shannon. The bed dipped, and someone crawled up behind him. A tongue licked at his shaft where it merged with Aaliyah's sheath.

"You'll always have us," Carla declared, and he felt her push in beside Shannon, her lips kissing the cheeks of his ass, her tongue moving around between his butt cheeks, and then he groaned as she rimmed his asshole.

"Immortality awaits them all," Aaliyah crooned, "when you take the Sultanate and rule the Djinn."

"Sounds heavenly," Chyna moaned, her mouth teasing his ear.

Kyle pumped faster, tongues licking him everywhere, hands running across his skin, and Aaliyah writhed wet and lithe beneath him. Chyna's large breasts floated before him, heavy and wonderful. He sucked her fat nipple into his mouth and Aaliyah engulfed the other.

"Oh, Master, Mistress!" gasped Chyna.

Carla's tongue worked his ass, spurring him to fuck Aaliyah harder and harder as his orgasm built inside. Alexina's hands massaged his balls, frothing his cum. The pressure grew and grew; his body tensed as the moment neared. He sucked hard on Chyna's nipple, burying his cock into Aaliyah's pussy, and flooded her with his semen.

"Oh, Kyle!" Aaliyah moaned. "Share your love with me!"

He drew back and drove into her again, another spurt of cum flooding her. He groaned around the nipple in his mouth, and drove in one last time, crushing his groin against her hard clit. A low, throaty moan escaped his wife's lips, and she shuddered beneath him.

"Yes, yes, yes!" she panted. "Oh, thank you, my husband."

He released Chyna's nipple, leaned down and kissed his wife.

Surrounded by feminine delights, Kyle closed his eyes and let sleep take him.

He had the girl's scent.

Something had gone very wrong tonight. The cabin was a complete mess, and Celestite and three of her witches were dead. He needed to know what had happened. He had quickly found one scent leading off alone into the woods full of feminine fear.

He loped through the woods, moving easily in the form of a wolf. He loved the freedom of assuming his totem's form. Shaman magic had it's place, though not as powerful as witchcraft, you could not assume an animals form through any invocation.

Whomever had fled into the woods was lost, traveling in circles and that made the task more difficult. Her scent kept crossing itself, and that made it harder to choose the right direction. He may have the senses of a wolf, but not the instinctive knowledge they had at scent processing. It didn't matter, she wasn't moving fast, and he quickly found her huddled on a log, crying.

She screamed when he padded up, and fled. He leaped, tackling her to the ground, biting her with his teeth, not hard enough to penetrate her skin, but enough to keep her from running. He needed answers not a corpse.

He let himself change, his body growing fluid as bones, skin, organs, and muscles reshaped themselves until he lay atop her, naked and hard, excited by the way she trembled beneath him. He flipped her over and her eyes widened.

"Principal Burke?" gasped Tourmaline.

"Yes," he smiled, spreading her thighs. The mask of the Principal wasn't his true identity; he didn't mind revealing it to the confused witch. She was naked and, even smeared with dirt, she was lovely with her Mediterranean coloring and long, black hair. He had fucked her before, but always under Celestite's trance.

He shoved his dick into her, savoring her youth. A gasp escaped her lips, and she struggled beneath him. So wonderful; he loved it when a girl resisted. He pinned her arms down, thrusting slowly, and licked the tear that leaked out of her eyes.

"What happened tonight?" he demanded.

"What?" she gasped.

"Celestite, Onyx, Garnet, and Opal are all dead," he growled, thrusting harder.

"Why are you doing this, Principal?" she sobbed.

"Answer me! What happened tonight? Why is Celestite dead?"

"How do you know that name?"

"She's part of my coven," he growled.

She blinked in confusion. "What?"

"Where did yo think she learned it," he growled. "I broke her, molded her, and gifted her with power. And I can give it to you."

A hungry look blossomed in her eyes. "You can give me the power to kill Christy?"

"Amber?" he asked, using her coven name.

"Yes."

"I can." So Amber betrayed us. Love ever makes women weak.

"Then I'm yours, Master!" she whispered, and then her hips started moving. "Kyle came! He had weapons. So I unleashed a Maniae. And it was going fine, but Christy showed up and wrenched it out of my control and put it to sleep."

"Then she'll have to pay for her treachery," he promised. "Hecate, dark goddess of magic, I accept Tourmaline into my coven! Do you swear to obey me?"

"I do!" she panted

Power flooded her, far more than she had accessed beneath Celestite's tutelage.

"Yes!" she screamed, cumming on his cock! "Give it all to me!"

He grunted and grabbed her nipple, twisting hard. She screamed; he came.

"Let's go," he growled, standing up.

He led Tourmaline back to his car, tossing her a blanket from his trunk while he dressed. His phone rang. "Hello," he said, slipping into his friendly principal role.

"Sorry to call so late," Faiza Unmei said.

He grinned; Kyle's mother was the perfect tool to get back at the little bastard. "I was up anyways," he answered. "What's wrong."

"How did you know?"

"You wouldn't be calling me this late if everything was fine."

"Right. I'm at the hospital. Something happened to my daughter, and ... well, Kyle..." She gave an exhausted sigh. "I can't make our date tomorrow. How about we reschedule for next week. Maybe things will have calmed down."

"We don't have to," he answered, playing the nice guy card. Patience was needed at this critical moment. He could not afford to alert Kyle to the threat he posed until he was certain he could destroy the youth. Ms. Franlkin had rushed and paid dearly for that mistake.

"No, no. I promised you a date." She sighed again. "I need a break from all of this. It might just be the thing to take my mind off everything."

"I know just how to make you forget," he grinned, his cock hardening at all the possibilities he could have with her.
Chapter 12 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 11 |   Bottom
Chapter 12: The Peril of the Succubus
Posted: November 09, 2014 - 12:16:47 am
Updated: November 20, 2014 - 07:32:59 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Fatima smiled and reached for her husband, who was also her brother. Kyle was naked, his body dark-brown and muscular, his cock hard and ready for her. She loved her brother so much, and was so happy that Aaliyah had made their marriage possible.

She was also glad to have Kyle all to herself tonight.

Fatima loved her brother's wives and concubines dearly, and loved fucking them even more, but sometimes you just wanted to be with the man you love without one of his other wives or concubines joining in on the fun. Romantic. Private. Cozy. Wonderful.

"You are so beautiful, little sister," Kyle smiled.

"I know," she said, grinning and grasping his cock. "I can tell by how hard you are!"

He groaned and leaned in, kissing her. It was so wonderful. She stroked his broad back, delighting in the strength of his muscles. He was like a rock, strong and unmoving, and she wanted to hold on tight as her passions whipped through her like a forest fire. She shoved her tongue deep into his mouth, stroking faster. His hands caressed her flesh, fanning the inferno inside her.

He found her nipples, pinching, caressing, playing. She moaned into his lips. He lowered her to their bed, the sheets cool on her burning flesh. She was so wet, she didn't need foreplay and spread her legs, guiding him to her wonderful spot.

"Oh, yes!" she gasped, breaking the kiss as his girth drove into her. She felt so wonderfully full. Her little pussy was made to be fucked by her brother's cock. "Make love to me!"

"I will," he promised, not moving. It was wonderful; he filled her up, while his dark, slanted eyes stared down into hers. "I love you so much, Fatima."

She smiled. "I love you, Kyle. Now fuck me! Make me cum! Douse the fires burning inside me!"

He pumped; she moaned.

"Oh, yes!" she gasped, her head lolling to the right as he kissed her ear. Such wonderful pleasure—

Dark eyes peered at her. The wall of Kyle's bedroom melted away, dissolving into darkness as the shadowed eyes moved into the room. Terror squeezed her heart and she screamed, pushing at Kyle to get off her.

He kept fucking her. "Your pussy feels so wet," he moaned.

"You have to stop!"

Kyle laughed. "You don't want me to do that!"

The eyes were so close, and she scratched and clawed at her husband. "Please, Kyle! We're in danger!"

"What can hurt you here?"

Me, the dark eyes seemed to hiss. A woman's voice, deep and angry. She could see a feminine figure in the darkness, a gaping wound in her stomach.

"You can't be here!" Fatima shouted at the eyes.

She wiggled and kicked, her heart beating in terror. The bed began to dissolve, misting away as the eyes were only a feet away. She heaved at her pumping husband, twisting his nipples, and wormed her way out from under him.

"What's wrong?" he asked, confused, even as his body began to be consumed by the dark figure.

Fatima fled, running as fast as she could from the nightmare born of guilt.

Thursday, January 23rd

Detective Mike Donnar parked his unmarked police car where the deputy directed, climbing out into the misting rain. He had been asleep at home when the call came in. Multiple homicide, Graham. He had worked a lot of homicides in his fifteen years working for the Pierce County Sheriff Department, and he was glad his wife, Maddy, was so understanding.

His cunt-of-an-ex-wife had not been.

"The main crime scene's across the bridge," a deputy said, pointing at a wooden bridge. Something large lay on it.

"What's that."

"Bear. Damnedest thing. It's chest has been hacked open. And there are more dead bears in the clearing around the house."

"I thought this was a homicide?"

"Yeah." The deputy shifted. "It ain't pretty. Four dead. All women. All naked."

"Fuck." Detective Donnar crossed the bridge, glancing at the dead bear, its blood black on the wooden bridge. Then he noticed the license plate. It lay wedged beneath the damage truss of the bridge. A car had wrecked here.

"Ran the plates?" he asked the deputy.

"Yeah. Belongs to a, uh..." he flipped through a small notebook he pulled out of his breast pocket. " ... uh, Faiza Unmei. She lives in South Hill."

Donnar nodded, smiling.

"The car was reported stolen by her son, Kyle, at about 6:30 PM last night. Said he last saw it when he got home from school at 3 PM. We have a BOLO out on it."

"Top priority," Donnar called out, and continued across the bridge.

It was chaos beyond the bridge. Portable lights were being set up, illuminating a torn up ground in front of log cabin. It looked like a bomb had gone off—an entire wall of the cabin was missing, chunks spread out on the ground. And the hard-packed dirt in front of the cabin, strewn with three more dead bears, was torn and disturbed. At the cabin entrance lay two dead, naked girls, one Black. Through the door he could see another woman's body, her decapitated head lying nearby.

What did that? A fucking sword?

This was going to be a long night.

Fumi awoke before dawn, dressing quietly, and slipping out of the house before her parents could awake. She started the car, punching in the address for Paradise on Mount Rainier into her GPS, and driving south down Meridian, following the GPS instructions. She was going to find Niqualmie and beg the spirit for a way for her and Kyle to be together.

There just had to be a way.

Before going to bed, she had Googled the name Britney had told her, and learned everything that she needed to know to summon the spirit. Britney claimed she existed, and Fumi had all her hopes pinned on the spirit.

"I need him so bad," she whispered to herself as she drove into the mountains, the wet forest giving way to snow. The road was freshly plowed, but her car still slid on patches of ice as she drove nearer and nearer to Paradise. Her stomach was twisted in knots; her family had just moved to Washington State a month ago and she had never been up here.

But she had been in the mountains back home in Hokkaido—the northern most of the main islands of Japan—and she was not stranger to them in winter. The road wound as she climbed higher and higher, the snow thickening, until she reached a small, wooden building—Paradise's visitor center. No one was here; it was a Thursday and the sun was just cresting the flank of Mount Rainier.

Taking a deep breath, she strode out of her car into the snowy fields of Paradise, the snow up to her knees as she slogged through the thick, cold mess until she reached the about two hundred yards from her car. It felt far enough.

"Here goes," she said, her hands trembling as she peeled off her downy jacket. If this doesn't work...

She dropped her jacket to the snow, then pulled her sweater over her head, gasping as the cold air attacked her skin, goose pimples forming. She unhooked her bra, her nipples achingly hard, then she kicked off her boots, wiggled out of her heavy pants and a panties, and unrolled her wool socks. Shivering violently, her teeth chattering, she laid down in the snow.

"Wow! That's cold."

And now she had to wait for the spirit to come, or hypothermia to kill her. The cold seeped into her, stealing away her warmth as the gray clouds swirled over head. She shivered again, the snow almost burning hot against her flesh. She wanted to get dressed, to get warm, but she needed to do this. She needed to be with Kyle.

I need to fuck a man, but I can't live with killing another one. If I can't be with Kyle, this is better. Cleaner.

"Holy shit! You okay, miss?" a man shouted.

A man stood over her, wearing a heavy, dark brown coat and a wide-brimmed, beige hat. Fumi thought he might be a park ranger. His face was rugged, spotted with stubble and his shoulders were broad. A new warmth suffused her, driving back the cold that had slowly been creeping through her body. Her musk, sweet like lilacs, permeated the air.

"What are you doing?" he demanded.

"Go away, please," Fumi said, her pussy moistening. She pressed her thighs together, trying to control herself. She needed cum, and her eyes fell to the man's pants where an impressive bulge was tenting the front of his khaki pants.

"I can't do that. You need to put on your clothes right away." He licked his lips and rubbed a sweaty palm on his trousers. "Yes. It's ... not good for you to be so ... naked."

He groaned as she licked her lips, and Fumi ached to drink his cum. Her power was affecting the man, making his cock rise and molding him to her suggestions. "Why can't you just leave me alone?" she purred.

"You'll freeze to death. You really should put some clothes on."

"But you don't want me to, right?" She arched her body, her budding breasts jiggling, and she spread open her thighs, letting him have a good luck at her pussy covered by a thick fur of black hair. "You want to keep watching my naked, nubile form."

"Yes," he admitted.

"Of course you do," she purred, sitting up. "You want me to stay naked and beautiful so you can enjoy me."

He nodded.

"You seem so stressed. I bet you could use a release." Her hands stroked his pants, sliding up to his bulging crotch.

"Fuck, yeah!" he groaned as her hand brushed his hard cock through his pants.

"And you'll leave me alone and let me lie naked in the snow?" Her fingers pulled the zipper down.

"Uh-huh!"

He wore red long johns beneath his pants and she unbuttoned the fly, reaching in and fished out his hard, thick cock. So wonderful, she thought, then swallowed his cock. Fumi loved to suck hard dicks, milking all the wonderful cum out of them that she craved. Blowjobs were the safest way to harvest it. She could never kill a man by blowing him, but it was also the least satisfying. It took the edge off her hunger. Anal sex was riskier, the man could die, but most wouldn't.

And maybe there was a single man in all the world that could survive cumming in her pussy. Her mother had been fortunate enough to find her one man, Fumi's father, and Fumi had hoped Kyle was her one man. But she had forgotten or ignored one fact—that one man would always be born in Hokkaido, descended on both sides of his family from one bloodline. Kyle was only half-Japanese, he could never have been the one.

But I love him so much.

"Fucking whore," groaned the park ranger as she sucked his cock. "That's it, little snow bunny. Suck my cock. All you sluts love to come up here and tease me, and now one of you is finally paying up."

His hands stroked her black hair as she swirled her tongue about his head, savoring the bitter precum leaking out of his cock. Her hands cupped his balls, massaging them, trying to work the cum out faster. She sucked, sliding slowly down his shaft until he brushed the back of her throat, and then she drew back up.

"Fuck, yes!" he moaned. "You sure know how to suck cock, little snow bunny!"

She held only the tip in her mouth, sucking and exploring it with her tongue, then she started bobbing rapidly, humming to increase his pleasure. He moaned, both of his hands gripping her head. Fumi was ready, and didn't fight as he began to fuck her face.

"Take my cock!" he grunted. "That's it. Eat it all up, little snow bunny! Such a nasty slut! Take it all!"

His cock brushed the back of her throat over and over, every time hitting her a little harder. Then, with an animalistic grunt, he shoved his cock down her throat. She relaxed, swallowing his cock, and humming around the tip buried down her esophagus.

"That's it! Fucking slut! Deep-throat me!"

He fucked her face harder and faster; her hands squeezing and stroking his balls. His eyes stared down at hers, wild with lust and red with exertion. She let go of his balls, and let them slap her chin. Her pussy was on fire, dripping her juices into the cold snow. Pleasure gathered inside her, spurred by every thrust of his cock into her lips. She sucked and swirled her tongue around the invading cock, eager for his cum.

"Oh, yeah!" he grunted. "You're gonna get a big mouthful, little snow bunny!"

Oh, yes!

Salty, bitter cum flooded her mouth.

Her pussy exploded, convulsing and sending pleasure swirling through her.

She swallowed his life-giving cum, the warmth spreading through her body. He fired a second, large blast, and she swallowed fast and greedy. She couldn't get enough cum. A third blast, smaller, squirted into her mouth and he let go of her head, stumbling back.

"Fuck," he panted as she fall back into the cold snow, delighting in the wicked thrill filling her up. She licked her lips, cleaning up the traces of his cum that had escaped her lips, wanting to taste every last bit of his cum.

She stared up the clouds, listening to his retreating footsteps, and waiting for the cold to steal back over her flushed body. Niqualmie only appeared to young men or women searching for love in the wilderness and at the brink of death.

She shivered, the cold robbing the warmth of her orgasm, filling up her entire body. Her teeth chattered and every few seconds, violent spams wracked her body. And then ... everything stopped mattering. The cold had filled her and she stopped shivering. A lassitude crept over her, and she just watched the gray clouds swirl overhead as the world slowly grew darker and darker.

She wasn't even cold anymore.

I'll go to sleep and wake up in heaven. It's better this way. I won't hurt anymore men. I'll just go to sleep and dream of Kyle.

I won't ever lose control and hurt him.

Kyle flinched when he saw his sister lying on the hospital bed hooked up to machines, a breathing tube in her nose. Aaliyah gasped behind him, her body pressed against him, shivering in horror. Kyle's mom sat on a chair next to Fatima's bed, holding her hand. His mom looked terrible, and Kyle wasn't sure she slept at all on the padded chair next to Fatima's bed.

A nurse with black, short hair and green eyes pushed past Kyle. He barely noticed her pink aura.

He walked over and took his sister's hand, bringing it up to his lips and kissing it. "I'm sorry, Fatima," he whispered. "I shouldn't have taken you along."

"What happened to her, Kyle?" his mom asked. "Was it drugs? The doctors are baffled."

"It was a witch, Mom," Kyle answered. "They kidnapped Aaliyah and hexed Fatima."

"He speaks the truth, mother," Aaliyah whispered. "She was very brave."

A tear rolled down his mom's cheeks. "No. Witches don't exist."

"You can accept Aaliyah and her homnoculi, but not witches?"

"What's so strange about those little men?" she asked. More of Aaliyah's work. "They're very useful."

"Aaliyah, I wish mom would believe us."

She shook her head, her dark eyes misting. "Not hearth or home," she whispered.

"Mom, do I tell lies?" he asked her.

"I didn't think so, but..."

"Then believe me. Aaliyah was kidnapped and we went to go save her."

"Why didn't you call the police?" she demanded. "Then your sister wouldn't have been hurt."

"The police couldn't have saved me, mother."

"Why not?"

"They had powers," Kyle answered. "They cast spells. The police couldn't have stopped them."

"And you could?" His mother was half-hysterical. "I don't understand what has gotten into you? Is it Aaliyah? Is your wife feeding you all this mumbo-jumbo?"

"We had weapons that Aaliyah brought us."

"I can't deal with this, Kyle!" she snapped. "Your sister is unconscious, the doctors are baffled, and I can't deal with your lies! Just tell me the truth! What happened to her, Kyle? What happened to my baby girl?"

Kyle walked over to his mom, taking her hands in his and knelt before her. "Please, Mom. You have to believe me. Someone cast a spell on Fatima. That's why the doctors don't understand what's going on."

Her beautiful face twisted with anger and she ripped her hand out and slapped him. "Enough, Kyle! I won't be mad, just tell me the truth!"

"Aaliyah, I wish that you prove you're a Genie."

Aaliyah considered it for a moment, then suddenly there were flowers decorating the room, feeling the air with sweet, pungent scent. "Our wife deserves to have finer surroundings," she answered.

His mom gaped, her jaw working. She looked at Aaliyah like she had sprouted a third arm and all the color drained out of her face. "Y-you ... what ... how?"

"I'm a Djinn. Like your son said. I grant him certain wishes, help his life go more smoothly."

"Then you can fix Fatima!" Hope burned in his mom's eyes. "Make the wish, Kyle."

Aaliyah's face fell. "My powers are limited. Healing her is beyond them. I can help Kyle around the house and ... help him with relationships."

"We'll find a way to save her, mom." Kyle leaned up and kissed her on the cheek. "I love her, mom. I won't abandon her. She's one of my wives."

His mom nodded. "I know that you love her." Then she hugged her son and sobbed on his shoulder.

Later, after his mom's crying had abated, Kyle led Aaliyah out of the hospital. He still had school to attend. Shannon, Kyle's oldest concubine, the beautiful mother of Chyna, waited by her SUV a hopeful look on her face. Kyle shook his head, and her face softened.

"I'm sorry, Master," she whispered, giving him a motherly hug and then a most unmotherly kiss.

She opened the door; the SUV had been modified heavily by Aaliyah this morning, the interior enlarged to hold all Kyle's concubines in comfort. Alexina, Carla, Toni, and Chyna were sprawled on the rear seat that was as wide as a couch, sharing kisses, and Fatima's two concubines, Kayleah and Ann, were curled on pillows on the floor.

"She's still unconscious," he told Ann and Kayleah, and their grief returned—they loved his sister greatly.

Alexina and Chyna parted, making room for Kyle to sit between them, and both women instantly pressed against him. Aaliyah sat on the pillows, looking up at Kyle as Shannon pulled the SUV from the hospital. The ride was smooth and still, and you could only tell the SUV was moving was by looking out the windows.

"Another attack could come at anytime," Aaliyah said, her dark eyes full of worry.

Kyle nodded. "Yeah. It's too bad I can't carry Earthbones with me." The katana was hanging on wall in the central room of his suite, right above Fatima's yari. "I doubt the school would like that, unless..." He look at Aaliyah.

"I'm afraid not. In my time, no one would have questioned you wearing the sword." Then she smiled. "You are bonded with the weapon. It is made by the Djinn, and doesn't obey your ... rules of the universe. Is that right?"

"Do you mean Laws."

She nodded. "Yes. The Laws that govern the material world do not apply to the sword. If you concentrate on it, you should be able to summon it at a moment's heartbeat."

Kyle concentrated. "What am I supposed to be feeling."

"Remember how it felt to use the weapon."

He closed his eyes and remembered the power, the strength of the very earth he had walked on, ancient and massive. He reached out to the sword, touching it with his mind. It was tenuous, almost like the memory of the blade. His hands itched, remembering the feel of the rough grip in his hands, the weight of the blade, the balance.

It was like he could feel it—

"Wow, Master!" Alexina gasped.

He opened his eyes. Earthbones glinted in his hand, the steel blade inlaid with yellow gold, glinting in the lights of the SUV's interiors. The concubines all looked on with amazed, joyful expressions, clapping and cheering. Chyna pressed her rather nice, and large, breasts against him as she kissed his cheek over and over.

Aaliyah nodded with satisfaction. "You and the blade are joined. It is a part of you. You can return it to your room by reversing the process, imagining hanging safely, ready for you to reach out and call it."

"This is amazing!" he laughed, dismissing his blade. It vanished in a whirl of dusty-yellow smoke.

"We must tread carefully," Aaliyah cautioned. "Ms. Franklin may not be the only threat out there. Others may wish my power, and the Marid ... well, they will move against you one day."

"They're the ones that have enslaved your people?"

"Not precisely. But their rule is tyrannical, but you can change that. A mortal ruling the Djinn would bring neutrality."

"But first I have to have four wives?" Kyle said. "Two have left me, one lies in the coma, I'm not sure I'll ever have that."

"There are other women, my husband. In time, your heart will grow fond of them."

"But I don't want other women," Kyle grated. "I want Fumi and Christy!"

"I can summon them."

He could see the pain in her eyes; she still hadn't forgiven Christy. He couldn't make Aaliyah suffer that way. And Christy and Fumi both had their path to walk. They had made their decisions and he had to respect them. Kyle wanted his wives of their own free will. "I can't take away their choices."

Chyna nodded. "They're not concubines." She didn't seem to care at all that her feelings for Kyle were caused by Ms. Franklin's spell.

"As you wish, my husband," Aaliyah answered, though her face was tight.

"Have faith," Carla said. "Fumi and Christy may return."

The SUV stopped, pulling up at the school. Kyle looked down at Aaliyah. "I can't change how my heart feels."

Aaliyah sighed. "I know, my love."

Kyle's classmates gawked as he piled out, receiving a kiss from his MILF driver and surrounded by a bevy of hot teens that pressed about him as they walked inside. He gave each of his and his sister's concubines a kiss as they split off to head to their first period. Last he gave Aaliyah a kiss. "I love you," he murmured, stroking her cheek.

She smiled. "I love you."

Then he headed to Math class with Toni.

Christy's empty seat broke his heart. They had spent this semester sitting next to each other, trading looks and sometimes sneaking handholds or brushing their feet together. Anger bubbled inside him, and he found himself needing a release.

His eyes settled on his concubine Toni. She was a beautiful redhead, wearing her Rogers cheerleader uniform today, blue top and blue-and-white pleated skirt. She glanced at him, a knowing smile on her lips. She was eager to be used by him.

Aaliyah.

Yes, my love? her voice purred in his head.

I wish that no one in my math class cares that I fuck Toni.

Done. Her voice giggled in his head. Have fun with her

Kyle stood up, walking towards Toni's desk. "Tony."

She looked up, her face dusted with freckles and a dainty nose set between her green eyes. "Yes, Master." Color blossomed in her cheeks.

"I'm in the mood to have a cheerleader suck my cock."

The class ignored them and Ms. Skinner kept lecturing on solving for cosign.

"Right here... ?" Toni's voice trailed off as her blush deepened.

Kyle nodded. "Get on your knees and suck me off, cheerleader."

"Yes, Master," she purred. "I hope Aaliyah has arranged things."

"She has," he smiled, stroking her face.

"Good," she purred. "I do love sucking your cock. It was so hot yesterday when you made suck you off in the cafeteria."

"Yes it was," Kyle grinned, grabbing a strand of her red hair, twining it about his finger. "Why haven't you started sucking my cock yet, cheerleader?"

"Sorry, Master!" she squeaked, and then buckled on her gaze and slipped to the floor. Her hands trembling, she reached for the zipper on his jeans, pulling it down. His cock was hard and she sucked it quickly into her mouth.

"Oh, yeah," Kyle groaned as she sucked hard and hummed, vibrating his dick. "You are a cheerleader slut!"

His concubines mouth sucked harder, bobbing up and down on his cock. He could forget all about his problems with her hot mouth wrapped around his sensitive dick. Her hands wrapped around his waist, squeezing his ass, and she pulled him deeper into her mouth. Obscene, wet noises filled the classroom, and the other students continued ignoring it.

"That's it! Love my cock, cheerleader."

Her green eyes flashed up at him and he stroked her cheek. She gave a pleased moan, and worked his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth, then she slipped him all the way down her throat, her lips touching his crotch. His balls were boiling, and he looked around the room at his classmates working away, smiling at the fun he was having.

"Get ready, cheerleader slut!" he groaned, and then his balls exploded. She swallowed, a little bit of his cum leaking around her lips. He panted, standing back, that wonderful, relaxed buzz flowing through his blood.

"Did you enjoy it, Master?" she asked.

"I did."

"Good," she smiled, licking her lips. "Do you need more?"

"Is your cheerleader pussy wet?"

She nodded her head. "So wet, Master."

"Bend over the desk and pull down your panties, and I'll make you cum."

She smiled, standing up and twirling around, her skirt flaring up. She pulled off the blue bloomers and her white panties, bunching them around her ankles, then bent over the desk. Her skirt rode up, giving Kyle a glimpse of her pale asscheeks. He flipped her skirt up and found her pussy shaved, her pussy lips fat and flushed with arousal.

"What are you?" Kyle asked, rubbing his cock against her fat pussy lips, enjoying the wet, silky feeling.

"I'm a cheerleader slut!" she moaned. "Your cheerleader slut, Master."

He drove into her. "Yes you are!"

"Oh, yes! Take me! You're so powerful!" she moaned. "I'm your little slut! Make me do whatever you want!"

He pounded her tight, juicy snatch, her desk squeaking as it slid in short, inch slides every time he drove into her. Toni's fiery fair flew about as she tossed her head back and forth, throwing sultry looks over her shoulder as she moaned and panted. "Fuck me! I'm your slut! Your cheerleader slut!"

"My cheerleader slut!" he groaned, driving harder in to her, enjoying the way her asscheeks shook and the pleats of her skirts danced as he bottomed out in her. His balls were frothing, preparing to boil over inside her.

"Yes, yes! Oh, Lord, yes!" she gasped, and her tight, little snatch convulsed about his cock.

So wonderful! Her pussy worked his pumping cock, bringing him closer and closer to erupting inside her. He needed to cum, to lose himself in that moment of mind-numbing, earth-stopping release. He clenched his teeth, nearing that powerful moment, his hips pumping wildly.

"Fuck!" he hissed through clenched teeth. His cock erupted into her cunt.

He drove into her a second time, then a third time, each thrust ejaculating another blast of cum. His breath exploded out of him. He felt drained, pulling out of her and stumbling back, trying to hold onto the endorphin rush and keep all the stress at bay.

"Did you enjoy my slutty, cheerleader's pussy, Master?" Toni asked.

"Yeah," he nodded, sitting down and patted his lap. His cheerleader concubine sat on him, throwing her arms around his shoulders. "You did just fine, slut."

He gave her a kiss, happy for the momentary distraction his concubine had provided.

The class bell rang as Kyle cuddled Toni on his lap. Aleah paused at his desk. She was dressed in an identical cheerleaders outfit and Kyle noticed her aura wasn't as pink today as it had been yesterday. Tight about her neck was a choker with "Corey's Girl" written on it.

Kyle grinned. Yesterday, his friend Corey had asked him to be hooked up with a submissive girl of his own and Kyle had pointed out Aleah. Looks like Corey had claimed the girl's affections.

"Hey, Aleah," Toni smiled. "Are you a concubine?"

The girl flushed. "Yeah," she admitted, then glanced at Christy's seat and her face fell. "Have you heard from Christy? They say she's missing."

"Yeah, she ran away from home," Kyle answered, shifting. Her mother had called last night wondering where Christy was. "She left me a note."

"You don't think she's ... dead?"

Kyle shook his head.

"Well, it was on the news this morning that Ms. Franklin and Karrie," Aleah glanced at Karrie's empty seat, "and a few other girls were killed. They're all the girls in Christy's book club." She chewed her lips. "And Phillipa's missing, too. What do you think happened?"

Kyle's insides went cold and he tried to sound as casual as possible. "I'm sure she's fine. She ... she left me a note and..." Some of the pain Christy had caused bubbled up and he pushed it back down.

"It's okay, Master," Toni whispered. "She'll come back."

"Well, I hope so," Aleah said. "I need to get to class. I hope she comes home fine."

"Me, too."

"I'm so sorry for you loss, Ms. Gore" Detective Donnar said as he sat down across from her. They were in the sterile waiting room of the Pierce County Medical Examiner's office, sitting on black, plastic, and very uncomfortable chairs.

Ms. Gore stared at her hands, her face expressionless.

"If you have a few minutes, I would like—"

"What happened to her?" she asked, looking up. Her voice was small, quiet, almost childish. Her shoulders slumped, beaten down. "Who did this to her?"

"That's what I'm going to find out," Detective Donnar said.

"Was she stabbed?" Ms. Gore's eyes were dark pools in a pale face. "That wound in her throat..." she shuddered.

"I'm sorry you had to see her like that." He gave her a moment. It was never easy seeing a loved-ones body splayed out on the table, but it was the fastest way to identify their victims. She was the last of the victim's guardians he had to speak to.

"Do you know what your daughter was doing last night?"

"Book club," Ms. Gore answered. "At least, that's what she told me."

The parents of the other two teenage victims, Karrie Robertson and Rashawn Underhill, had said the same. "And did they regularly meet in a cabin in Graham?"

"What? Graham?"

"Where did the club meet at?"

"Ms. Franklin's house, I think," she answered. "I dropped her off there once. They usually meet on Saturday nights. Ms. Franklin, her biology teacher, really turned her grades around with this book club. She was accepted into Stanford..." Her face fell, stricken by horror.

"And did you think there was anything unusual about your daughter visiting a teachers house?"

"No." Her eyes widened. "Did Ms. Franklin do something to her?"

He didn't answer her; it was best to give as little information as possible so he didn't pollute her statement. "And what exactly did they do at their meetings?"

"Talked about books. What else would they do?"

That's a good question. After identifying Michelle Franklin from her drivers license found in her car at the scene, they had searched her house. They found sex toys, BDSM gear, pictures of six different girls, including the three victims, all engaging in sex acts with the teacher and each other, and various occult paraphernalia in the basement.

"Do you know who else was in the group?" Neither Rashawn's or Karrie's parents had known the answer. They had three other girls in those photos to identify.

"Um, let me think. I met them all just a few weeks ago when I picked up Lorrie." She wiped her eyes. "I knew a few of them, they had been over to the house. There was a black girl, her named started with an R. Another Black girl named Karrie. Um, Sable Purcell, I think. Christy. And Karrie's best friend, Phillipa Stoddard."

Donnar wrote their names down. Six girls in total, three dead.

"Did your daughter have a boyfriend or girlfriend?"

"No. I don't think so. But, you know kids these days."

"No one's ever stalked her or sent her threatening messages?"

She shook her head.

"And who were her friends? Besides the girls you named."

"She's never had a lot of friends. She had been close Phillipa since grade school, and she seemed close to the other girls in the book club."

"And did all the girls attend Rogers High School?"

"Yeah. I'm pretty sure they did. They all had Ms. Franklin for a teacher at one point."

Detective Donnar pulled out his card from his jacket pocket. "If you think of anything else, don't hesitate to call me. And ... there's a number for a grief counselor on the back. Call him, or someone else. Trust me. They're very helpful."

He stood up and headed back into the Medical Examiners office. He was eager to run the new names through the system and see what he could come up with. Phillipa Stoddard reported missing this morning by her parents. Same with Sable Purcell. The name Christy generated a few hits, but another missing person report had been filed for a Christy Leonardson, age 17, Junior at Rogers High School.

He called the parents number listed on the cast. "Hello!" a woman answered, hope burning in her voice. "Christy?"

"I'm afraid not."

"Oh." All the energy fell out of her voice.

"I'm Detective Donnar, Pierce County Sheriffs, are you Shantel Leonardson?"

"Yes." Her voice was tight with fear.

"I'm calling because your daughter's name may have come up in a case I'm working. Was she part of a book club."

"She was. From her High School. Arranged by her old biology teacher. The news says Ms. Franklin was murdered along with a few students. Is she..."

"As far as I know, she's fine," I told her. "Is your husband there?"

"No. He's out looking for Christy."

"Ms. Franklin and three of the girls in your daughter's book club were found dead early this morning."

"Oh, Lord," she gasped.

"Your daughter and two of the other girls in the club are missing."

"But you didn't find her dead?"

"No, ma'am. Do you know where you daughter was supposed to be last night?"

"She went over to her husband's house," she answered. "He told me she ran away from home and left him a note. He doesn't know where she is."

"What's her husband's name and phone number?" Donnar asked.

"Kyle."

His heart beat faster. "Last name?"

Could it be the same Kyle's whose damaged fender we found at the same crime scene.

"Unmei."

Fumi... the wind whispered.

The Japanese Yuki-onna opened her eyes. The snow swirled around above her, whipped by a wind, and outlining the figure of a woman. The woman hovered over her, two blue eyes glowing with compassion.

Fumi...

"Yes," Fumi struggled to say. The cold had almost stolen all the energy out of her.

Love...

"Yes. I need to love Kyle, only..."

Death...

Fumi nodded. "How can I be with him?"

Yukishojou-no-onsen...
Chapter 13 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 12 |   Bottom
Chapter 13: The Despair of the Warrior
Posted: November 13, 2014 - 09:47:19 pm
Updated: November 20, 2014 - 07:33:00 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Thursday, January 23rd – South Hill, WA

The memory of Fatima lying on the hospital bed wouldn't leave Kyle's mind when he reached Gym Class. So Kyle took comfort with Carla and Aaliyah behind the bleachers, burying his guilt and anger over everything that had happened in the warm, wet flesh of his wife and concubine, savoring the feel of their hot pussies wrapped around his cock. As his orgasm built, all the pain vanished and he was left with only bliss.

Then he came and all the hurt came rushing back.

He just wanted all his loves to be in his arms, safe and happy. He even wanted Christy, his skin itching to hold them. He needed Fatima to wake up, Christy to return, and Fumi to discover a way for them to be together.

Third period was English and Kyle half-expected to see his best friend, Britney, in her seat beside his, but she hadn't come in today. He could really use someone to talk to about all this; Britney's intellect was deep and her advice was always useful.

"Hello, Kyle," purred Ms. Capello, her large breasts straining a tight, violet sweater. There was a twinkle in the teacher's eye as she stared at him. Kyle had taken her as a concubine yesterday.

"Good morning, Ms. Capello," he smiled, bountiful boobs distracting him from his problems, swelling his cock. She was his secret concubine. Kyle had already been in trouble for his sexual escapades with Principal Burke, and he was keen to keep their relationship beneath his radar.

A reckless lust throbbed in his pants.

A quick wish would take care of everything. Aaliyah. I wish that no one thinks it odd that I'm fucking Ms. Capello.

You sure are horny today, my love, He could sense her amusement. You're making me feel a little excited.

Feel free to have fun, he sent back. It was only fair.

Maybe I will. Have fun with your concubine!

He walked to his teacher; her smile broadened and color spotted her tan cheeks. He reached up, and stroked her cheek, delighting in his concubine's shudder. She flashed a look at his classmates streaming in. Her brown eyes were full of questioning concern. She hasn't met Aaliyah yet. She doesn't know I have a Djinn.

"It'll be okay," he told her, trailing his hand down her smooth neck to the neckline of her blouse. He pushed into her blouse, squeezing her warm, pliant breast.

She shuddered, licking her lips, the fear in her eyes, but she didn't resist. "I'm ready to please you, Master," she whispered. "Anytime, anywhere."

Her hand reached out, squeezing his arching cock through his pants, her smile growing. He pushed into her bra, and found her hard nipple, pinching hard, enjoying the shivering gasp that escaped her lips.

His classmates were sitting down, giving the teacher expectant looks. None cared that he was fondling their teacher's breasts, but were waiting for Ms. Capello to start class. He loved the audience watching him. He pulled his hand out of her blouse, and grabbed his teacher's hips, moving her behind the desk. She was very pliant, flashing him pleased smiles. She was a very submissive woman, happy to be his.

"Start teaching," he whispered in her ear, lifting up her skirt. No panties. He chuckled, stroking her plump, naked ass. "What a slut." She squirmed back against him and let out a pleased purr.

"Class, turn to page 211," she said, leaning over her desk. "We'll be continuing our study on Beowulf."

Kyle unzipped his pants, his cock prodding the cheeks of her ass. She wiggled back against him.

"Lexie," Ms. Capello gasped as his cock slipped into her cunt. "Start reading from line 300."

"Yes, Ms. Capello," Lexie said, standing up. She was a new transfer student that started this week with curly, brunette hair and gray eyes. She fixed them on Kyle, and had a naughty smile. Kyle grinned back, reaching around and boldly squeezing his concubine's large tits.

He watched Lexie's breasts straining her fuzzy, mauve sweater as she read the poem. He jabbed his cock into his concubine's pussy, lubing his shaft with her juices, before he jerked his cock out, smearing it up between her asscheeks, and drove it home into her ass.

"Oh," Ms. Capella gasped.

"Are you okay?" Lexie asked.

"Just helping Mr. Unmei out. He's in dire need of some alternative teaching," his concubine answered, squeezing her ass on Kyle's cock. "But he's a very diligent student. Keep reading."

"Yes, Ms. Capella."

As Kyle thrust his cock over and over into the velvet warmth of his concubine's ass, he couldn't take his eyes off Lexie's tits. Her aura was a deep crimson, a dominant personality, not willing to submit to Kyle's desires. He could wish for her to be eager and willing to fuck, but she really wouldn't be. It would be a trick, a deceit, and he wanted his women to be willing.

I do wish I could see her tits, he thought, squeezing his teacher's, pretending they were Lexie's round tits.

Done! Aaliyah's voice rang in his head.

Before Kyle could countermand his accidental wish Lexie set her textbook on her desk and pulled her fuzzy sweater over her head, exposing her breasts straining a gray bra. Her hands reached behind her. Kyle knew he should rescind the wish, but he wanted to see them so bad, and it was hard to think clearly with his cock buried in his teacher's ass.

Her bra came off, and then she shot Kyle a look, a frown playing on her lips as the undergarment slipped down her arms, exposing a lush pair of tits with hard, dusky nipples that seemed to be pointing right at them.

"That's it," he whispered, pumping faster. "Such a lovely pair of tits."

They are, giggled Aaliyah. What until you see the pair I'm looking at! Oh, and I took some liberties. No one will care that she's baring all!

Lexie kept reading, unconscious that her breasts were bare, quivering as she breathed. "You should fuck her, Master," Ms. Capello whispered. "Make her yours."

"She's not a submissive," Kyle grunted. "Not like you, my slutty, submissive teacher."

"No," she laughed, humping her ass back. "Umm, fuck me harder. I love it, Master!"

His strokes grew faster, pleasure building and building in the tip of his dick. His hands kneaded her tits, pinching her hard nipples through her clothing, resting his chin on her shoulder, and staring at those snowy mounds and their pink peaks. His breathing grew faster as his balls boiled.

"I'm going to flood your ass," he grunted. "I bet you can't wait!"

"I can't Master! Please, flood my ass."

"Fuck!" His thrust grew faster, his body tensing. "Fuck, fuck!" His cum erupted, three blasts spraying inside her ass.

"Oh, yes," she moaned, shuddering in his arms. "Thank you, Master."

He drove one last time into her ass, groaning as her ass milked the last few drops of his cum out of her ass. That wonderful, lethargic, post-orgasmic buzz filled him as he leaned against his concubine, lazily watching Lexie's breasts.

Aaliyah found math to be the most boring class she had ever attended, and she wasn't looking forward to her third day, particularly after spending the last day trapped in the magical circle as those horrid witches had tried to steal her power. It had all returned to her when the magic circle had been broken, but that still didn't leave her feeling fully rested.

She dragged her feet as she walked through the busy halls, passing boisterous teenagers as they joked and talked as they, too, lingered in the halls before class. The bell would ring in a minute, and she didn't want to get Kyle in any more trouble by being late.

Aaliyah. Kyle's voice echoed in her head. I wish that no one thinks it odd that I'm fucking Ms. Capello.

Third period, and the third woman he had wanted to fool around with. You sure are horny today, my love, she sent back, chuckling to herself, an itch forming between her thighs. You're making me feel a little excited.

Feel free to have fun.

There was that ebony-skinned beauty in her Math class—Teleisia. She had a very pink aura, easy to dominate, and ever since Fatima had made Kayleah and Ann her concubines, she had wondered what it would be like to have her own.

She would share with her husband, of course.

Maybe I will, she sent back. Have fun with your concubine! She concentrated, affecting the minds of everyone in the school, letting her husband have his fun. Then she used her power a second time. "Kyle did say I could have fun," she smiled as she strode into class.

Teleisia didn't seem surprised when Aaliyah sat on the edge of her desk, grinning down at the Black woman. Corey, her husband's redheaded friend, smirked at her and gave her a wink. Am I that obvious?

"Finding another one for Kyle?" he grinned, sitting down at his own desk. His own concubine, Aleah, smirked as she sat on the desk on the other side of Corey, a choker tight about her throat proclaiming just who she was owned by.

"Hi, Aaliyah," Teleisia smiled, ignoring Corey's comments. Her dark features were so exotic, and her hair was gathered in rows and rows of tight braids that ran down her scalp. Her breasts were round, pressing against the blue, long-sleeved shirt she wore.

"How are you doing?"

"Fine." The older girl nodded. Her dark eyes were as gentle as a gazelle. "How is your husband?"

"Kyle's doing great," Aaliyah lied—he was hurting inside, the guilt over losing three of his wives was eating away at him.

"It must be wild being married to a guy with all those girlfriends."

"Concubines," Aaliyah corrected. "It's like being a very submissive wife. One that's just so eager to please."

Teleisia's cheeks grew slightly darker and she licked her lips. Aaliyah reached out, stroking her face. She could be assertive if she needed to be. She was the daughter of a Sheikh after all, and the wife of a future Sultan.

"You have such beautiful skin," Aaliyah purred.

"Thank you." Her eyes were downcast, but something flashed inside them.

She took a deep breath, and channeled her husband. "You're just a horny slut looking for someone strong to take you by the scruff of the neck and make you howl with pleasure."

Teleisia froze, swallowed, and shivered.

She leaned in to the Black girl's ear. "I want you to take off your shirt and bra. I want to see those beautiful tits of yours."

"But we're in—"

She reached, squeezing Teleisia's breast through her shirt. "The only sounds I want to hear from your lips are cries of passion and 'yes, Mistress', okay?"

Silence.

She squeezed her tit harder, feeling her nipple through shirt and bra. "Understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Then take your shirt and bra off."

"Yes, Mistress."

Aaliyah's pussy felt on fire, and she couldn't wait for her new concubine's tongue to put out her inferno. Teleisia ripped her shirt off, looking around fearfully. Only Corey was paying attention, and even he looked away as Mrs. Skinner began her lesson. Aaliyah wasn't supposed to use her powers for herself, but she was free to interpret her Master's orders as she saw fit.

Teleisia's bra came off and Aaliyah licked her lips. In these modern times she might very well be classified as a lesbian, for she loved women. Of course, she loved her husband, and very much enjoyed their lovemaking, but she would always lust after other women. Teleisia's breasts were round, her nipples as dark as her flesh, and they were perky, the nipples upswept.

I wonder if Kyle is having as much fun.

She peaked into her husband's thoughts. Lexie's is so hot I wonder what her tits look like beneath that fuzzy sweater round and pink with hard nipples I could suck them while fucking her squeezing her tits I could wish to fuck her but that would be a deceit a trickery it wouldn't be right I do wish I could see her tits

Well, he had thought the W word. She sent out her will, touching Lexie's mind. Done, she sent.

Aaliyah smiled, feeling her husband's conflict. He wanted to rescind the wish, but he also wanted to see her tits. Lust won out. He concentrated on the tits so much, she could see them in his mind's eye as clear as day. Such a lovely pair of tits.

They are, giggled Aaliyah. What until you see the pair I'm looking at! Oh, and I took some liberates. No one will care that she's baring all!

Aaliyah reached out and fondled Teleisia's breasts, savoring the firm feel, then bent her head down and swirled her pink tongue around the dark nub. Her concubine gasped and moaned, leaning back in her chair as she had pleasured her nipple. She kissed over to the other nipple, swirling about it, pressing her thighs together as her own pussy throbbed with need.

The Djinn kissed up to Teleisia's ear, then whispered, "You'll be my concubine, won't you. You so want to be one. I can feel it." She had been angry with Fatima when she claimed two concubines and she was beginning to see the appeal. Kyle treated her and his other wives as equals. It was this modern way. She needed to adapt.

She needed her own concubine.

"Yes," she sighed. "Be my Mistress. I like to be told what to do. And you're so beautiful."

Aaliyah blushed, then cupped her concubine's chin and captured her lips in a kiss, dismissing her clothes in the process. Teleisia's hands reached out, hesitantly touch the Djinn's smooth skin, sliding up to the cup her breasts. Aaliyah moaned into the kiss as her concubine's hands found her aching nipples, stroking them.

"Have you ever pleasured a woman?" Aaliyah asked, breaking the kiss.

She shook her head. "I've never pleasured anyone."

"Well, I'll be your first woman, and Kyle will be your first man."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Get down on your knees and worship your Mistress. I'm going to be a Sultana one day."

"A what?"

"A Queen."

"I will pleasure you, your Majesty."

Your Majesty. I like the ring of that.

Teleisia slipped to the floor, parting Aaliyah's slim thighs, running her hands up to the Djinn's shaved pussy. Aaliyah shuddered as soft fingers brushed her clit and petals. She leaned back on the desk's top, her breasts arching forward, and watched as her concubine's dark face, wide with awe, moved closer and closer to her aching pussy.

"Oh, yes!" Aaliyah moaned, ignored by her classmates as they learned about trigonometry. The Djinn conjured a few homunculi, gathering them out of the dust in the classroom, and set them to working on her math problems.

Such a worthless class.

"Keep eating me, concubine!" she moaned, humping her hips into her inexperienced lover's mouth.

Teleisia ate her out with vigor, so wanting to impress the future monarch. Her dark eyes stared up at Aaliyah's from between her thighs, desperate for Aaliyah's approval. The Djinn reached down, cupping her dark cheek with her dusky fingers, stroking her cheekbone with her thumb.

"Oh, fuck! So wonderful! You're going to make me cum!"

Her concubine moaned into her pussy, working her tongue faster through her slit, gathering the Djinn's spicy flavor. Aaliyah loved it, her orgasm building like a liquid heat inside her, churned by her lover's tongue. Her hips writhed, the stool wobbling beneath her, threatening to collapse. She didn't care. She only cared about creaming this ebony-skinned beauty's face.

"Oh, yes! You delightful slut! Oh, wow! I wish Kyle was here to see this!"

Her husband would take the slut from behind, and they would share her. Her fantasy sent her over the edge, her pussy clenching and heat roared through her, driving away everything but the delight her new concubine was giving her.

"Thank you, Kyle!" she gasped as her orgasm died down. Thank you for telling me to have fun. You're the best husband in the world.

Teleisia looked up at her, her dark face drenched, and her eyes wide. "Did I please you, your Majesty?"

"Yes, you did," Aaliyah smiled, bending down to cup her cheeks, and pulled her up for a deep kiss.

Zaritha kept glancing at Kyle throughout the rest of English. The Ifrit could not believe she had just stumbled upon the little Djinn's master and husband. Her ploy of disguising herself as Lexie Lyndon was paying off.

And she was unnerved.

Aaliyah was far more powerful than she had thought. Royal blood definitely pumped through her veins. When Kyle had come in and began fucking Ms. Capello, Zaritha thought nothing unusual about such an act—Kyle was a great man who could have any woman he wanted. She hadn't felt the Djinn's power modifying her mind to accept the situation. It was only when she had bared her breasts in the middle of class did she realize she had been meddled with.

She would need to armor herself against the Djinn's powers. Luckily, that wouldn't be hard. Like all men who possessed a Djinn, Kyle was becoming more and more corrupted by her power, craving more and more sex. Now that she recognized what was happening, she could not believe she had missed the signs. He had multiple wives, including his own sister, and even more concubines.

The bell rang, and she hurried after Kyle as he ducked out of the classroom. "Kyle," she called, and he stopped, turning, his eyes falling to her breasts once more hidden by her sweater.

She wanted to tear his eyes out for daring to stare at her so, but she could smell the odor of dusty magic about him. He possessed an artifact of great power. It would be unwise of her to attack him without further study and planning.

But she didn't need to attack him to armor herself.

"I loved your reading in class, Lexie," Kyle grinned. "Very stimulating."

"Thank you," she giggled, stepping up. "Do you always fuck the teacher?"

"Always. I can fuck anyone I want."

"Even me."

His grin slipped. "Only if you wanted me to. But yeah, I could fuck you right here in the hallway and no one would care."

She took a step closer, only a few inches from him; his breath quickened and a flush crept across his face. "Prove it. Fuck me right here, right now."

"All right."

She was ready for the Djinn's touch, and could just sense the little bitch's power reworking her brain. It was perfectly acceptable for Kyle to fuck her in the hallway, and she threw her arms around his neck and kissed him. His cock was hard, rubbing against her crotch, igniting her fires. Once she had his seed, Aaliyah could never affect her again.

Kyle pressed her against the lockers, the metal rattling, as his tongue explored her mouth. She moaned, letting him fan her flames until she burned to feel his cock inside her. His hands shoved under her Cashmere sweater, sliding up her side, sending a shiver through her, and then he cupped her breast, and a moan escaped her lips.

"Fuck me," she moaned, fire consuming her. "Stick your hard dick inside me and fill me with your seed! Douse my fires!"

"Fuck, yeah!" he grinned, his hands fumbling with his pants, pulling out his girth. He shoved her skirt up, his cock sliding up against her thigh, leaving a trail of precum as he pushed the tip against her cotton panties, stroking her slit.

"I need your cock!"

"Because you're a little slut," he grinned, stroking her pussy with his dick, pressing her panties into her slit as his humiliating words burned in her. "You're a cock-hungry whore, aren't you, Lexie?"

"Yes!" she gasped, her cunt on fire. His words only made her burn more fierce, and she couldn't wait until she tasted her enemy's cock. "My cunt's hungry for your cock!"

She would make him pay for these words. But today, she needed him to fuck her.

He shoved her panties to the side and drove his dick into her, pumping fast. Her pussy felt like liquid passion, stirred up by his girth. She humped her hips against him, gasping and moaning. His lips found her neck, sucking, and she added a hickey to her illusion. He wanted to mark her, to let everyone know that she had spread her legs to the great Kyle Unmei.

"Fuck me harder, stud!" she moaned, her passion quickly building. Student's streamed by, grinning as they saw Kyle fucking her.

"Damn, Kyle! Don't you have enough pussy of your own?" Frankie laughed. "Or is she just another one of your concubines."

"Nope, just some slut that couldn't get my cock in her fast enough," Kyle joked.

"Oh, fuck!" she groaned as her orgasm exploded through her. She felt so humiliated, and that made her ardor burst like molten gold through her.

"She just came!" Kyle gasped. "Her cunt's going wild on my cock. The little slut."

"Give her a big load of cum!" the guy laughed, then kept walking. "But remember to save a few girls for the rest of us!"

"Sure," Kyle grinned, pumping faster, his fingers squeezing her nipple through her bra. His lips found he ear, and he hissed, "You ready for my cum, slut?"

"Yes!" she groaned. "Flood me!" Armor me against your Djinn!

He drove harder, panting and grunting. His fingers pinched hard and he drove his cock into her, and then his seed pumped into her, warm and hot, full of his energy. She drew it into her, burning the seed and spreading his essence through her, flooding her with more pleasure. He drove into her one last time, then, breathing hard, pulled out of her and zipped up.

"That was fun," he grinned at her. "If you ever want to fuck, let me know."

"Yeah," she gasped, wiping her sweaty brow.

"Unless you want to be one of my concubines?" he grinned, stroking her face. "Be my little, submissive slave."

"Fuck that," she said. "I'm no one's slave." Not even to Rashid bin Al-Marid.

Kyle walked off with a swagger, and then his wife stepped out. The Djinn. How had she missed this? Now that she was armored, she could start making other plans. Kyle reeked of an artifact. The Jann were said to possess four powerful weapons.

She would need to tread carefully until the proper moment to strike. She would need Mortal pawns. A smile crossed her lips. Principal Burke would be the perfect pawn to start with.

Mount Shasta, California

Christy could hear the skittering sound the moment she stopped her car at the head of the trail. Despite driving almost straight through the night, she hadn't lost Erinyes. Hecate's daughter still hunted her down for breaking her oaths.

Iris appeared at the trail head, shimmering like a rainbow in the oily refection of a soap bubble, shaped like a maiden, beckoning her to follow. What she needed was here. On this Mountain was the key to her freedom from her oaths she had sworn to the dark goddess.

But it wouldn't absolve the crime she had committed when she had betrayed Aaliyah to her coven. Kyle would never want her back. She had lost him. She had tried so hard to keep him he had squeezed out of her hand like a wet bar of soap.

That was life. She would have to find a way to move past Kyle.

Erinyes skittered, crawling just outside of her vision. Freeing herself was her main problem. She could worry about her future once she's ensured that she had a future to experience. Christy climbed out of her car, jogging to Iris, her heart beating; the skittering grew louder.

"She so close," Christy panted.

"But I am here," Iris smiled, placing a gentle, rainbow hand upon her shoulder. "For a time, I can keep her vengeance at bay. But we must hurry to the cave."

"Definitely," she nodded, and jogged down the gravel trail.

The woods around were covered in patches of snow lingering in deep pockets. The wan sun was setting, and a greater chill settled in the mountain air. It would be cold tonight, and Christy was glad for her thick coat, her hands shoved into her pockets as the cold nibbled at her fingers.

Iris will not save you from my claws, traitor.

Christy gave a shriek, whirling around. The voice had sound right behind her, hissing with malice. The distortion of Erinyes was skirting the edge of the trail, rippling the air, and she could feel the hatred in Erinyes gaze, imaging the pain of Hecate's daughter clawing her flesh.

"Please, no," she whispered.

No words shall sway me. No pity shall move me. I am my mother's retribution, and no power shall dissuade me. Iris merely prolongs your suffering.

How could she ever escape it. The thing had followed her across Washington, Oregon, and into California. Erinyes would follow her to the end of the earth, never giving up until it could rend her flesh. Why do I even try to escape? What life will I even have? Kyle hates me. I betrayed the man I love. I should just—

A gentle hand touched her shoulder. "Do not give in to despair. It is fouling your mind, Christy. Believe in my mother. Ishtar will see you protected."

She lies. Iris is as ephemeral as the rainbow, impossible to reach, impossible to trust, vanishing the moment you will need her most.

Iris turned Christy around, her rainbow face, a beautiful maiden's rippling with reds, blues, purples, greens, oranges, and yellows, her eyes pure white and full of caring trust. She cupped Christy's cheeks, warmth and love flushing through her. "You can trust me, Christy." Then the spirit leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss upon the scared girl's lips.

The fear left her, driven away by the kind spirit's touch. The hissing voice and skittering steps of Erinyes seemed banished by the purity of Ishtar's daughter, and Christy's heart beat with awakened desire. She sighed into the spirit's kiss, her arms wrapping around her rainbow flesh, soft and warm as any girl Christy had embraced.

"Wow," Christy panted when Iris pulled away. "You are a good kisser."

The crimsons and pinks seemed stronger on Iris's cheeks. "Thank you. It's not far. I have driven Erinyes back, but the sooner we reach the sanctuary, the better."

Christy nodded, and kept walking up the trail. "What is this sanctuary?"

"A place dedicated to Ishtar. A path can be opened that will lead to the Goddess's bosom and there she will judge you and determine if you are worthy of being freed from Hecate."

"And if I'm not?"

"You will be, Christy."

Christy swallowed, and reached out, touching Iris's shoulder. "And if I'm not?"

"Then you will have to face the consequences of your decisions."

She flinched, a chill shivering through her, and her stomach twisted into sickening knots.

"But you will be," Iris assured her. "I wouldn't be helping you if I thought you weren't worthy of my mother's forgiveness."

"So it's a formality?"

"Well, no. But you'll succeed. Trust me. I believe in you, Christy. You made a mistake, but your soul is full of love not hatred."

"Thank you." A tear ran down Christy's cheek. She had felt so worthless since she betrayed Kyle. Maybe there was some hope for her.

It took another fifteen minutes of walking as twilight deepened to reach the mouth of the cave. The trail grew rougher and steeper, the footing more treacherous, but Iris led her safely there. The cave seemed to appear in the face of a lichen strewn cliff-face. Christy could have sworn there was no cave piercing the gray rock when she first glimpsed it, but now that she was up close, it was so obvious she was confused how she had missed it.

Iris stepped inside, a faint, nimbus of rainbowed light surrounding her, only visible in the near darkness of the cave. It was surprisingly warm in the cave, the walls dry and there was almost a sweet scent in the air. She inhaled lilac, and then the lingering nerves seemed to wash away.

The spirit stopped in the center, turning to face Christy, a smile on her scintillating face. "Can you feel my mother's love?"

"Yeah," Christy answered, a shy smile spreading on her lips. "It's so relaxing here."

"Now you need to open the path."

"How?" She grasped her amber pendant. "Do I need to cast a spell."

"You need to only bring ecstasy to me," Iris smiled, cupping Christy's cheeks. "Make me cum, and the path shall be revealed to Mother's abode."

Heat flushed through Christy, and she licked her lips. She dropped to her knees, the cave floor strangely soft beneath her skin. Her face landed in between Iris's legs, a wonderful, intoxicating scent, at once sweet, spicy, tangy, and tart, all mixed together into one, glorious symphony of feminine scents. She had to taste her, to pleasure this spirit.

"Oh, Christy!" gasped the spirit as the teen's lips tasted Iris's pussy.

Ambrosia exploded in Christy's mouth. Iris's pussy was the most tasty she had ever experienced. She worked her tongue deep into the spirit's hole, eager to gather more and more of the wonderful musk. Delicate fingers gripped Christy's curly, brown hair, pressing her hungry lips deeper into Iris's snatch.

"That's it!" purred the spirit. "Oh, yes. Pleasure me, Christy! I've been looking forward to the feel of your lips! You have such a pretty mouth! Give me all your desire! Make me cum!"

Christy's tongue flailed through the spirit's juicy sex, her hands wrapping around and squeezing Iris's firm ass, pulling her tight against her. Iris let out a low moan, her hips writhing, rubbing her pussy around Christy's face, fucking her teen lover. Christy couldn't wait to make this spirit cum, to give her all the pleasure she could.

Her lips found Iris's clit, wrapping around the rainbow bud. Iris gasped; her hips spasmed. Christy suckled the hard nub like it was a nipple, suckling with a hungry intensity. Her fingers squeezed Iris's ass, kneading her flesh.

"That's it! Oh, yes! Such passion! I love it! Oh, Christy! My Christy! Thank you! Oh, yes!"

Rainbow light exploded around Christy.

Ambrosia flooded her lips.

Iris screamed the teen's name as her body spasmed.

Christy's skin tingled, the hairs standing up on her skin. Iris turned to mist in her arms, love flowing over her, warm and beautiful, washing her with every color of the rainbow. Panting, the teen opened her eyes. The cave was gone.

She stood on a path of rainbow bricks leading through a world of colors bleeding together, painting indistinct forms that could be trees towering around her. Everything wavered, like the trees were only the ideas of trees, as ephemeral as a painting, threatening to dissolve if Christy merely reached out and touched them.

The path lead over a small knoll, disappearing behind a hill of lavenders and oranges. Christy started walking.

South Hill, Washington

Shannon pulled her modified SUV up at Britney's house. Kyle gasped and moaned, cumming in Teleisia's cunt. Aaliyah watched on, pleased that her husband was enjoying her new concubine. "What's mine is yours, my love," she had said at lunch, presenting the beautiful, Black girl to Kyle. "And she is mine now."

And Kyle didn't have a problem with that.

"Did I please you, your Majesty?" Teleisia asked as she climbed off his cock, her pink pussy leaking his white cum, staining her dark thighs.

"Yes, you did," Kyle smiled.

The other concubines were in a pile of female flesh, writhing and moaning, kissing and nuzzling each other. Kyle put his cock away, gave Aaliyah a kiss, and climbed over the exciting mound of moaning woman. It sometimes amazed Kyle just how corrupt he had become. Before Aaliyah, he never even imagined such a decadent scene, and now it had become his life.

But what he really wanted was Aaliyah, Christy, Fumi, and Fatima. A sudden anger seized him. He wanted to lash out and hurt those that had taken them away. But they were already dead. He had killed Ms. Franklin, cut her down without any hesitation when he had thought she had killed his sister. Christy had left out of her own guilt and Fumi couldn't be with him without killing him.

I didn't love Christy enough. That's why she betrayed us.

He wanted to get rid of these feelings. He only seemed to forget about them when he was buried inside a woman, his cock pumping into her mouth or pussy or ass, his balls churning, then spitting his seed into her. He couldn't take this any more. He just wanted to be happy with the women he loved. He just wanted to stop hurting.

He knocked on Britney's door. Franny, one of Britney's mothers, answered the door. Is she the Rakshasa or the human mother? Kyle had learned last night that his best friend not only wasn't human, wasn't even truly a woman, but a hermaphrodite, with both a cock and cunt. That meant one of Britney's mothers was also a Rakshasa, and had knocked up the other mother. Kyle had always thought Britney was adopted or was a test tube baby.

"Hi, Kyle," she said, shifting nervously. "I don't think this is a good time."

A muffled scream came from upstairs and Franny winced. "So, um, can I ask you to leave."

"Who is it?" purred Abigail, a tawny-haired beauty who moved with grace; Kyle instantly realized she was the Rakshasa. "Why hello, Kyle. Would you like to come in?"

"But..." Franny looked up.

"Britney serve's Kyle," Abigail answered. "She is sworn to protect him. I bet he knows just what's going on up there."

"Er, sort of," Kyle admitted. "She's taking care of Phillipa."

"Her prize," Abigail smiled, as proud as a lioness with a cub. "A perfect choice. Once our daughter has broken her, she will be so loyal to Britney."

"It still doesn't seem right," Franny muttered.

Abigail caught her wife's chin, and pulled her face. "We talked about this, and you will be perfectly obedient, right?"

"Yes, dear," Franny flushed.

"That's my prize," laughed Abigail. "We had so much fun when I broke her in."

A smile crossed Franny's lips. "Yes, we did."

Kyle swallowed. "Um, so can I go up there."

"Of course, dear," Abigail nodded.

Kyle trooped upstairs. He knew where Britney's room was, he had been in there so many times before. He paused at the door, muffled moans and a squeaking bed could be heard, and a flush crept up his cheek. It sounded like they were fucking in there.

"You can come in, Kyle," Britney shouted, her voice sounded a little more throaty than usual.

He opened the door and blinked. Phillipa was bound with many ropes crisscrossing her body, binding her limbs, wrapping around her breasts and squeezing them. Her wrists were tied behind her back, and her face was in the pillows, a ball-gag in her mouth. She was kneeling and Britney was fucking her from behind, the Rakshasa's fleshy dick sliding in and out of Phillipa's messy cunt.

"Hello," Britney smiled, her perky breasts bouncing. They were rather nice. Kyle never realized how nice her figure was beneath all her clothes.

"Um, maybe I should wait until..."

"I am almost finished," she panted. "My little prize has earned her reward, right?"

Phillipa nodded, moaning.

Kyle noticed her ass was a mass of red welts, and a crop lay carelessly strewn on the bed beside them. He never realized his best friend was some sort of S&M dominatrix. Flesh slapped in the musty room, and Kyle shifted, his own cock growing erect. There was something so wrong and so hot about watching a woman with a cock fucking another woman.

"Oh, yes!" Britney gasped. "So wonderful, my love! Let me feel you cum! Let me feel your naughty hole massage my cock!"

Phillipa let out a muffled moan, her body shaking and quivering. A large grin split Britney's lips, and she fucked her harder and faster. Britney's face, framed by her thick, brown hair, contorted as her own orgasm neared.

"Oh, yes!" she gasped. "That is it! Feel my love, my prize!"

She buried into Phillipa, grunting and mewling. She drew back and slid slowly all the way into her prize's cunt, shuddering. She leaned on her slave's back, breathing heavily, a broad smile on her face. Then she pulled out, sitting back on her bed, sweat beading her body. White cum leaked out of Phillipa's well-fucked hole.

"What can I do for you, Kyle?" she asked.

Kyle sank down on her desk chair. "I don't know what to do, Britney."

"About what?"

"Everything. It's all falling apart. All I can think about is Fatima lying on the hospital bed. It's my fault, Britney. I shouldn't have let her go."

Britney grabbed a flannel robe, belting it around her, then walked over to him. She gave him a hug. He froze; his friend had never hugged him before. She was always such a reserved girl, placid as a calm lake and remote as the ocean's depths.

"You did not make Fatima go. You could not have stopped her from going. She loves Aaliyah as much as you do. She wanted to go and save her."

"But—"

"You could not have stopped her, Kyle."

"I could have," he protested.

She sighed. "Kyle, your sister is a firebrand, burning hot, flaring up the moment any fuel is tossed on her. She would not have stayed behind."

"I'm stronger than her. I could have made her stay!"

Britney slapped him.

"What?"

"You are not that sort of person, Kyle," she hissed. "You are a good man. You could never have used your strength against her. And if you had, she would have hated you for it."

Kyle thought that was more than hypocritical. "But she'd be fine!"

"Kyle, was it wrong for you to go and risk your life?"

"No."

"Why?"

"Because..."

"You are a man?"

"Well, no. I mean, it's not because she was a woman, or anything."

"Then why was it right for you to risk your life, and not for her?"

"Because I love her!" he snapped. "I should've protected her!"

"And she didn't love you?"

"No, she loves me."

"Then why could she not go and protect her loves?" Britney demanded. "She loved the both of you, Kyle. She had every right to go and protect her loves, just like you had every right to go protect Aaliyah. Do not cheapen her love or her decisions by blaming yourself."

He flinched at her words.

"I know you grieve for your lost loves, Kyle," she whispered. "But do not belittle Fatima's love. It is just as special as your loves."

"I miss her, Britney," he said, tears running down his cheeks. "Oh, God, but I miss her. And Christy and Fumi."

Britney's arms went around him a second time, cradling him. "We'll find a way to save Fatima. No spell is so strong that it cannot be broken. You have to have hope, Kyle. Hope that Fumi will find the answers to let you be together, hope that Christy will find the redemption she seeks and return to you, and hope that Fatima will find her way out the darkness she is lost in. If you give up and wallow in your emotions, than you have lost them truly.

"You never truly lose, Kyle, so long as you do not give up."

He sobbed into her arms until he cried out all his tears. I will find a way to have all my loves together! he vowed as he walked downstairs.

He stared at Tourmaline as she knelt naked before him, her back welted from her affections. She was no Celestite, but she was the best instrument he had for this task—he needed the Vicar and Shadow here. He would possess the Djinn, and that meant keeping Kyle weak until he was ready to maneuver against him.

"She will be at Mount Shasta," he told Tourmaline. "See that she never returns here."

"Yes, Master," Tourmaline said. A smile crossed her tan face and her green eyes shone with hatred. "I'll make the bitch pay for betraying my Coven."

"I know you will. Now I have a PTA meeting. Get going."

"Yes, Master."

He put on the mask he showed to the world, the mild-mannered Principal of Rogers High School. Soon he wouldn't have to wear it at all.
Chapter 14 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author




Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 13 |   Bottom
Chapter 14: The Lust of the Concubines
Posted: November 18, 2014 - 10:22:43 pm
Updated: November 20, 2014 - 07:33:01 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Thursday, January 23rd – SeaTac International Airport, Washington

"Now boarding Air Canada flight 343 to Vancouver, Canada," the gate attendant announced.

Fumi stood up, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. Today had been so long. She had nearly froze to death lying in the snow waiting for the Native American spirit Niqualmie to appear. Yukishojou-no-onsen, was her answer, a hot spring in her native Hokkaido, the northern most of the main islands of Japan.

She had driven straight from Mount Rainier to SeaTac Airport and bought a ticket on the earliest flight that would get her to Hokkaido with her mother's credit card. She had a short flight to Vancouver, then a two-and-a-half layover, then the ten-and-a-half hour flight to Tokyo. After an even longer layover—nearly five hours—before she would catch a flight to Sapporo, Hokkaido. And then she would have to find the Hot Spring of the Snow Maiden.

She was pleased with the name, finding it appropriate since she was a Yuki-onna—a snow woman.

Fumi found her seat closing her eyes and falling asleep before the plane even took off. She dreamed of Kyle holding her and kissing her, together finally. Such a sweet dream and over all too soon when the flight attendant shook her shoulder, rousing her.

"We'll be landing in a few minutes," she told Fumi.

Fumi wiped her eyes, and leaned back, yawning as the plane began its descent into Vancouver. She always hated this part. Her heart beat faster and her stomach felt like it was up in her throat. She pointedly did not look out the window as the plane descended. The tires squealed, the plane rushed to a stop, and relief flooded her.

Her layover in Vancouver was boring. She wanted to go back to sleep, but was afraid she'd miss her connecting flight to Tokyo. It was a red eye flight that didn't leave until nearly midnight. She struggled to stay awake, to fight the fatigue that weighed down her body. But her eyes succumbed, and she slipped into sleep

She dreamed of Fatima running from a great shadow, terror painted on her face. She seemed to be running in circles, pausing at the same point, thinking she had escaped the horror haunting her, only for the shadow to reappear and send her scurrying again. Then she witnessed Christy walking down a rainbow path surrounded by shimmering and wavering trees, clutching golden hope to her chest while a woman with hatred burning in her eyes waited for Christy to return at the start of the path.

The dream changed to Kyle brooding at school, Aaliyah leaning against him, supporting him, while a shadowy man watched them both. Kyle's mother knelt at the shadow's dark feet, a knife at her throat. The dream shifted and she watched herself stumbling blind down a mountain path while a woman clothed in fire stalked her like a hungry wolf.

Someone was shaking her and she snapped up. A handsome man smiled at her. "They're boarding the plane to Tokyo."

"Oh, thanks," Fumi said, flushing at the sight of him. He was handsome, and her hungers reawakened. She needed some cum to satiate her. A nice cock plunging into her pussy, spraying her with life-giving cum while—

She shuddered, coming fully awake. I need to keep my desires in check. Only blowjobs. Anything else would be wrong. She wasn't a murderer, no matter how much her pussy burned for cum. She would just have to settle for sucking some guy off. And soon, she would never make it on the long flight to Tokyo without some fresh cum to satiate her needs.

The handsome man sat a few seats behind her, his face broad and chiseled with dark, brooding eyes and large, strong hands that would feel amazing wrapped around her body as his cock drove into her—

No, just a blowjob, Fumi!

She could smell the scent of lily, her hormones, wafting from her sex, attracting any man's attention stoking his desires. She glanced back at him, flashing him a smile down the aisle. A grin played on his lips and his dark eyes gleamed.

The engines roared, building and building, then the plane shot forward, lifting off into the air. Fumi pressed her thighs together trying to relieve some of the ache. The plane shook, her chair vibrating, and she let out a sigh, closing her eyes and letting the turbulence send shivers through her. The plane couldn't reach its cruising altitude fast enough.

A ding rang through the plane. "The captain has turned off the fasten seat belt sign," a flight attendant announced.

She stood up, walking to the lavatories at the rear of the plane, giving the handsome man a smokey glance and letting her fingers brush his hand. His nostrils flared, taking a deep whiff of the Yuki-onna's pheromones. Fumi kept walking back, putting a little sway to her hips. She could feel his eyes looking back at her, and sensed his growing lust, his cock turgid, driving any thought from his mind but finding satisfaction with the succubus.

Fumi paused at the door, throwing him a last sultry glance before she disappeared into the lavatory. Her pussy soaked her panties as she waited for the stranger, sitting on the aluminum toilet, squeezing her thighs.

"Come on," she moaned, her body aching for cum.

She tapped her finger on her chin with impatience.

"What is wrong with this guy!" She sighed, pressing a hand between her thighs and rubbing her pussy through her pants. "Maybe I didn't give him a strong enough dose." She took a deep breath, inhaling her lily-scented pheromones. "No. He should be banging on the door right—"

He banged on the door. She opened it.

"I can't believe I'm doing this," he said. "We have to hurry. My wife just fell asleep."

Fumi rubbed his crotch—his cock was hard.

The zipper rasped and he groaned as her hand fished him out. Her mouth watered; he was pink and throbbing, a drop of precum glinting on the tip and she could smell the salt, smell what she needed.

Her mouth engulfed him.

"Shit!" he grunted, leavening against the door. "Holy shit. What kinda slut are you?"

Her cheeks burned with humiliation. But she didn't have to be this way. That was the point of this trip. If she could be with Kyle, then she wouldn't need to blow strange men in an airplane's toilet. Even if she enjoyed the feel of it, the way his hands grabbed her face, holding her head as his hips thrust his thick shaft into her mouth.

"That's it, slut! Suck my cock!"

Her pussy burned, growing more and more wet as she tasted his precum. Her mouths sucked and she moaned as her passion spilled through her. She slid her hands up his thighs, squeezing him as her passion grew more and more intense.

"Shit!"

His balls slapped her chin as his cock shoved down her throat. More of his precum leaked into her mouth, whetting the girl's appetite for the main course. His fingers squeezed on her head, his hips thrusting faster.

"Whore!"

Salt squirted into Fumi's mouth.

"Take it, slut! Drink my cum!"

Fumi swallowed, wonderful life flooding her. She came.

Her howls of rapture were muffled by his thick cock flooding more and more cum. She swallowed, savoring the taste and energy that suffused her body. Her panties were soaked as her lust flooded out of her pussy. She shivered and shuddered and pretended it was Kyle cumming in her lips.

The man fucked her mouth one last time. "What a little slut," he grunted, pulling his softening cock from her lips, zipping up. "Shit. I needed to get back to my wife."

Fumi didn't answer. She licked her lips, savoring the last traces of salty energy, a smile on her lips. That would tide her over to Japan.

Friday, January 24th – South Hill

The media was waiting outside of Kyle's house when he and his concubines stepped out, ready for school. Kyle blinked in surprise at the waiting cameras and reporters parked on the street, rushing up the driveway to him.

"Are you Kyle Unmei?" a female reporter asked.

"Eh, yeah," he frowned, bright lights shining in his eyes. Aaliyah clutched his arm, trembling.

"Your wife, Christy Leonardson, is listed as missing, do you have any idea where she is?"

"No," he answered, swallowing. "She, uh, left on Wednesday after we had a fight. I haven't seen her since."

"And it's just a coincidence that a teacher and three students were murdered on Wednesday evening, and that your wife is one of two others missing?"

"I guess."

"You don't seem that concerned."

"He is very concerned," Aaliyah bristled. "Christy left after heated words and we're all very worried."

"Yeah!" Chyna added, stepping up along side him.

"I don't know what happened out in Graham and I don't see what that has to do with Christy's disappearance?" Kyle lied, his face flushed. "We have to get to school."

"Kyle! I have a source that says your girlfriend, the dead, and the missing were all a part of the same book club and that there are rumors of—"

"I'm going to school!" Kyle barked. "You're on private property. Get off and let us go!"

He wanted to wish them all away, but Kyle was fairly certain that wouldn't work. He walked forward, pushing past one of the cameraman, his women following. They all piled into the back of the SUV, the reporters calling his name out, banging on the windows as Shannon backed the vehicle up.

"Vultures," snorted Toni. "If they only knew."

"And we won't tell anyone, right?" Kyle said, eyeing them. "Christy ran off. I was home with you. End of story."

"Of course, Master," Shannon said.

"It'll stay in the harem," Carla assured him.

"What can I do for you, detective?" Principal Burke asked, rising up from his desk.

"I'm going to need to interview a few of your students," Detective Donnar said, striding to the desk.

"Oh. Is this about those poor girls and Ms. Franklin?"

"I'm afraid so," Donnar said, studying the man. The Principal's face was full of grieving concern, but there had been a moment when the detective had thought he saw something ... darker.

"Such a loss," Burke muttered. "The entire school's mourning them. Ms. Franklin was quite a popular teacher."

"I just need to talk to them, get some background on their book club, and try and figure out what's happened to the three missing girls."

"Or course, officer, I'm more than happy to help." A friendly smile crossed the distinguished man's face. "I want to bring justice to Ms. Franklin and those poor girls."

"Good, I'm glad I have your cooperation, Principal Burke."

They clasped hands and Detective Donnar was surprised by Burke's firm grip.

"So, which students do you need to interview."

"Let's start with Kyle Unmei."

The Principal's face twitched slightly and the Detective leaned in. "You reacted to his name. Why?"

"Am I being interviewed?" laughed the Principal. "Kyle had been a great student, but on Monday he was caught in an inappropriate situation here at school."

"Oh?"

"He was caught with Alexina, one of his concubines, engaging in a sex act on school grounds. He had been a model student before that, but I'm afraid his hormones got the best of him and Miss. Alexina."

"And did his wife, Christy, have any problems with Kyle having multiple concubines?"

"As I understood, she was excited to become his third wife."

"So there was no friction between the two?"

"Not that I know of." The Principal swallowed. "You don't think Kyle involved in this?"

Yes, I do. I think the kid is neck deep in it. Why else would his car's license plate be found at the crime scene? "Of course not. But he is dating one of the missing girls and he might know something about what they were doing out at that cabin or the whereabouts of Christy Leonardson."

"Well, you can use my office if you'd like, Detective, and I'll have Kyle sent to you."

"Thank you."

The Principal stood up. "Well, I'll see he's fetched."

Detective Donnar pulled out his notepad and a tape recorder and put a friendly smile on his face. This was just a simple interview. The only piece of evidence he had connecting Kyle to the crimes was the license plate to his missing car. It was definitely incriminating, but it wasn't enough. A good lawyer would just argue his car was stolen, perhaps by the missing Christy whom Kyle claimed had ran off. So he would treat Kyle merely as a witness and see if the young man wouldn't dig his own grave without realizing it.

The door opened. The Detective recognized Kyle from his drivers license photo. He had an unusual heritage, half-Japanese and half-Arab, his dark-olive skin seemed flushed and his almond-shaped eyes shifted.

"Thank you for coming," Detective Donnar said. "I really appreciate you helping with the search for your missing wife."

"You still haven't found her?" he asked, walking around the desk to sit across from him.

"Afraid not." The Detective glanced down at his shoes, noting the brand. The same brand as the larger of the footprints they found in the torn up mud. Another circumstantial piece of evidence, but if you had enough of those, someone would look very guilty before a jury.

Kyle sat down, dropping his backpack on the floor, then he grasped his hands, rubbing them together. "What can I tell you? I want Christy to be found and try and work things out with her."

"One sec." He turned on the recorder. "This is Detective Donnar, Pierce County Sheriff's Department, Major Crime Unit, interviewing Kyle Unmei, January 24th, 2014 at, uh, 10:36 AM. When was the last time you saw Christy?"

"Two days ago."

"That would be Wednesday, the 22nd?"

Kyle nodded.

"Could you say yes, for the recording."

"Sorry. Yeah. We, uh, had a fight. She..." His eyes looked to the left. "She drove off in her car. I thought she went to her parent's. I don't know where she went."

That's not the story he told Christy's mom. Donnar had to fight not to smile. "What did you fight about?"

"My other wife, Aaliyah. Christy was ... jealous of her." Kyle sighed, his face twisting. "I thought Christy was okay with it, but I was wrong."

"You sound angry."

"We said, um, hurtful things. It wasn't a pretty fight." He leaned forward, squeezing his hands together. "I just want her to come back. But, I guess, she needs to work somethings out."

"And what did you know about her book club?"

"They're the ones who are dead?"

"Some of them. The other three members, including your girlfriend, are all missing. Do you know what they were discussing in this club?"

"What they were discussing?" Kyle shook his head. "Eh, not really. Books, I guess. She never talked about it."

"And did Christy ever tell you about where they met?"

"At Ms. Franklin's house," the young man growled, his fist clenching as his face warred to keep his anger hidden.

Has Kyle seen the photos? Did he know the sexual relationship his girlfriend had with her teacher?

"Nowhere else? Like any house out in Graham?"

"No. She never told me about the log cabin."

The Detective hid his smile. No one outside the investigation knew it was a log cabin. "Are you sure you've never taken Christy out there?" He needed Kyle to be a hundred percent clear so he couldn't have room to wiggle out of it when it came to trial. "Maybe you didn't realize it was for book club?"

"Naw. I've never taken her to any place out in Graham."

"So, after the fight, what did you do?"

"Stayed home. Fooled around with my wives and concubines. They'll all confirm it. It was when Fatima fell sick that I realized my car was stolen."

Were Aaliyah and his concubines involved? There were five unidentified, female footprints that didn't belong to the victims. And his second wife was in the hospital, admitted the same night. Was she actually injured out at the cabin? "I'll need to speak to them. Maybe one of them knows something more about your wife."

"I doubt it," Kyle answered, his fist clenching. "But you can talk to them."

So possessive. Could that be his motivation? Did he find out that his girlfriend was cheating on him with her book club? But what about the bears? Why were they killed? And what tore up the ground in front of the cabin? The more he investigated, the more questions this case generated.

But he was certain that Kyle was at the heart of it all. He didn't know the full picture, but he would, and he'd see that Kyle spent every last day in prison for the deaths of those women.

Kyle had a spring in his step as he left the Principal's office. He had been terrified when he learned that a police officer wanted to speak to him, sure he was about to be arrested for the mess out at the cabin. Instead, the detective just wanted to learn what Kyle knew about Christy's disappearance. Which wasn't much.

Some of Kyle's mood disappeared. He hoped Christy was able to find whatever she was searching. But it wasn't enough to weigh him down the relief he felt knowing the cops didn't suspect his involvement in the mess at the cabin. He didn't regret what had happened—the witches had kidnapped his wife and tried to kill them when they had showed up to rescue her.

"Mr. Unmei."

His concubine, Ms. Capello walked up, concern on her face. She was supposed to be teaching the English class that Kyle had been pulled out of. She raced up, those wonderful tits of hers bouncing beneath her tight, silk blouse, nipples pressing hard, and Kyle smiled. He loved how obscene she looked without wearing a bra. Just the way he liked her.

"Ms. Capello," he smiled, enjoying the way she blushed.

"Is everything all right?"

"Are you concerned?"

She took a quick look around; they were alone in the hallway. But she stepped forward anyway. "Do the cops suspect your involvement in ... the cabin."

Kyle narrowed his eyes. "How do you know about that?"

"Some of the concubines told me yesterday during lunch. I believed them about Aaliyah, too. That she's a..." she mouthed the word Genie. "It makes sense." She took a deep breath, and asked, "Did you really rescue Aaliyah and ... kill those students?"

He stroked her face. "And if I said yes?"

She smiled and shivered. "I would know you are a man that fights for his loved ones." Her voice was throaty, her eyes shining with lust.

"You like powerful men, don't you?"

"Isn't that obvious? I get so wet for you." Her hands reached out and touched his crotch, rubbing his hardening cock. "Why don't you make a wish and we can have a little fun."

"Yes, Ms. Capello," he grinned, his hand squeezing her large breast through her blouse.

Aaliyah. I wish that no one cares that I'm fucking in the hallway.

Why don't you just wish that no one cares whenever your fucking so you don't have to keep making the same wish! Her thoughts were full of irritation that surprised Kyle.

You don't have to snap at me, Aaliyah! You are my Genie, remember.

Sorry for snapping, husband. I'm taking a math test and the period's almost over. I am very sorry and I would, of course, grant your wish.

Not that good at math?

No. Why do I need to know all these numbers?

He chuckled. I've asked Britney and Christy that very question.

You have fun. Maybe I'll take my concubine and enjoy myself in the restroom and work off this frustration.

I wish you can fuck any woman and no one will care.

Thank you, my love.

Ms. Capello unbuttoned her silk blouse. "I know you love my tits, Master," she purred.

"You're such a bad teacher."

"I am." Her blouse hung open, her heavy breasts peeking out. "I bet you're thinking about all the naughty things you want to do with my tits."

"I want to feel them wrapped around my cock."

"Ohh, a titty-fuck? We'll need a chair for you."

A quick wish to Aaliyah took care of that. Once Kyle mentioned he needed it for sex, his Genie didn't have a problem conjuring it. Ms. Capello was eager to please him, dropping to her knees and unzipping his pants. She smiled as she drew him out, stroking him, then bending down to lick his cock, sucking him to full girth.

The school bell rang and teens poured into the hallway. Aaliyah's awesome powers worked as usual, students not caring at all that he was getting a titty-fuck from his teacher. "Work those sweater puppies!" Hector called out. "Damn, why can't my teacher ever be that friendly."

"You just need to have a way with women," Kyle laughed.

"Mr. Unmei definitely knows how to work his tool," Ms. Capello laughed.

A cute girl walked by. "Hey, you're looking good today," Kyle grinned. "Love that skirt."

The girl shot him a weird look, her pale cheeks blushing as she scurried away.

He felt invincible. The cops didn't suspect his involvement in the mess that happened out at the cabin. Even if he was completely justified in what he had done, it would be hard to explain to the cops. Other than Christy's involvement with the coven, Kyle was positive they left nothing behind that could be traced back to them.

"Hey, Lois, love that ass," Kyle called out as the Native America girl sauntered by in a pair of skinny jeans with red hearts stitched on the rear pockets, drawing your eye to those lush cheeks as they writhed as she walked. She turned, a wicked smile on her face.

"Are you an ass man, Kyle?" Lois Smilingfox asked. "Because it looks like you're a boobs man from here."

"I like everything about a pretty woman."

"You seem to be taking Christy's disappearance just fine."

Kyle grimaced. "She didn't disappear. She just ... needed to do something."

"I'm helping to soothe him," purred Ms. Capello. "My student is hurting and I need to provide relief."

"So you're adding teachers to that harem you're gathering." She walked over, peering down at Ms. Capello working her tits up and down his cock. "She's enthusiastic."

"Yes, she is," Kyle groaned.

"Are you gonna cum?"

"Yeah." The pleasure was building in his tip and the saucy smile on Lois's cinnamon-colored face was going straight to his balls. Ms. Capello's tits slid faster, his teacher sensing desire.

"Cum on my tits, Master," she moaned.

"Master?" Lois raised an eyebrow. "So she'll do anything you tell her?"

"Uh-huh." The pleasure built and built, his balls tightening. Ms. Capello licked her lips as her heavy tits rubbed up and down, caressing him in silk. "Shit!"

He erupted.

Cum pulsed out of him, sending shudders through him. He groaned through grit teeth, his head banging back against the metal locker. Lines of white landed across Ms. Capello's heavy tits, then ran in thick drips down her boobs to her stomach. More splashed on her face, her pink tongue licking out and gathering gobs of spunk. She moaned as she savored his salty flavor.

"You are a stud," laughed Lois. "So, would she do anything?"

"I would," Ms. Capello answered. "For Kyle."

"She's a good slut," purred Alexina, striding up, pressing against Kyle and kissing his cheek.

"Would she even lick my pussy?" Lois asked, Color darkened her cheeks as she eyed the cum-stained teacher.

"If Kyle ordered it," Alexina answered.

"I would," moaned Ms. Capello.

Lois's dark eyes found Kyle's. "That is fucking amazing. Can she?"

"And what would you give me?" he asked

. "Are you pimping your teacher?" Her hips shifted, her thighs pressing together.

"If the price is right."

"This is so wrong," she moaned. "How about fifty dollars?"

Kyle shook his head.

"Seventy? I've been dreaming about her all semester."

"Nope."

"I don't have much more. Come on, Kyle, work with me." Her hand touched his arm.

"Let me fuck your ass."

Alexina giggled, reaching down to stroke Kyle's cock. "He's nice and hard for you, but let me get him wet."

Alexina fell to her knees and sucked Kyle's cock into her lips.

"What do you say, Lois? I fuck your ass and Ms. Capello licks your pussy.:

Lois eyes widened. "No way."

He shrugged, savoring Alexina's skillful blowjob. "She'll lick your cunt while I fuck that gorgeous ass."

"I couldn't..." Her eyes flicked to Ms. Capello's cum-stained tits still hanging out and at her plump lips.

"You can." Kyle reached out and touched her cheek. "You'll enjoy it."

"Where?" she whispered.

"Right here."

Her eyes widened and then she smiled. "You think you can get away with anything."

"I can. Hey, Mr. Wilkie," Kyle nodded as his drafting teacher walked by.

Alexina sucked harder. She remembered how much trouble Kyle had gotten for parading her into Mr. Wilkie's class covered in his cum. But Kyle had made his new wish, and the teacher couldn't get mad now.

"Enjoying your lunch period?" the teacher asked, eyeing them. He did a double-take at Alexina, frowning, his eyebrows furrowing.

"Is something wrong, sir?" Kyle asked.

"No, no," the teacher answered. "I just had the weirdest idea that you weren't supposed to be doing this, but ... obviously, you and Aaliyah are allowed to." The teacher shook his head. "Well, I'll see you later."

Lois gaped at Kyle as the teacher walked off. "You are something else. We have a deal." Her hands went to the fastener of her jeans, unsnapping them. Then she worked them down, her black thong pulled down with them. She had a triangular patch of black hair over her shaved pussy. He could smell her excitement, tart mixed with the sweat beading her forehead.

"Let me lube her, Master," Ms. Capello smiled, digging two fingers into her cunt, then spreading Lois's lush cheeks. The Native American girl gasped as the teacher worked her two glistening fingers into her bowels, reaming them in and out as she leaned against the lockers. "Doesn't that feel wonderful, Miss Smilingfox?"

"Umm, it does."

"Wait until you feel my Master's cock. You'll scream for joy." Ms. Capello turned, smiling up at him. "She's already, Master."

"Then start licking my snatch," moaned Lois. "We had a deal."

"Gladly." The teacher slid between her legs, pressing her face up into Lois's cunt, licking.

Lois shuddered. "That's it. Oh, wow. She's amazing."

Alexina pulled her lips off his cock and Kyle stood up. He pressed his wet cock against Lois's ass, then spread her cheeks. Her anus was brown and wet with cunt juices. He loved the feel of her ass as he moved his cock into her crack, pressing it against the puckered sphincter. He pushed forward, her ass giving way to his cock, engulfing him in velvet warmth.

"Shit!" Lois gasped. "Holy shit! That's feels weird."

"Only weird?" he asked, half his cock already buried in her tight hole. He kept pushing forward, until his groin rested against those cheeks.

"No. It feels ... nice."

"It always does," Alexina sighed. "I'm going to buy your lunch, Master. Unless... ?"

"That's fine," Kyle grunted, savoring Lois's tight ass.

Kyle nuzzled Lois ear, licking her lobe as he drew back. Then he buried back in; she gasped. His arms wrapped around her, sliding underneath her shirt and finding her round breasts encased in a silky bra.

"You're a slut, aren't you, Lois?"

"No," she gasped.

He squeezed her breast. "Yes, you are. You're letting me fuck your ass while a teacher goes down on your cunt."

"Fine," she moaned. "Call me a slut. Her tongue feels amazing. You can call me whatever you like for this. Oh, Ms. Capello. Jesus. Do that more. Keep digging that tongue inside me."

"I bet you'll want her to eat your pussy again?"

"Yes!"

He fucked her faster, his cock sliding through her greased ass, his balls slapping her taint. "You can have her suck your pussy whenever you want. And other women."

"How?" she gasped.

"Be my concubine."

"What?" Her ass tightened about his cock and a shudder passed through her. "Oh, fuck! Suck my clit! Shit! Shit!"

"Be my concubine and you can have all the women you can dream of to lick your pussy. My harem is quite friendly."

"Shit!" she gasped. "That's too much!"

"Imagine this tongue in your cunt every day."

"But I'd have to fuck you whenever you want. I'm not really into cock."

"You sure? You seem to like mine up your ass."

She let out another moan and another shudder rippled through her body, her ass spasming about my cock. "Shit, shit! It does feel nice."

"It feels more than nice," Kyle grunted. "Your ass feels amazing. Be my concubine. Call me Master and you will receive such delights, Lois."

"I must be crazy!" she moaned, bucking her hips back against him. "Yes! Fuck me harder, Master! I'll be your whore!"

"My concubine."

"Yes, that! Your concubine! Just let me feel this tongue again!" Her body shook harder, her ass going wild about Kyle's cock as she came hard, screaming wordlessly.

"That's it! Cum, my little concubine." He slammed his cock into her ass, so close to basting her ass and claiming her fully. He enjoyed the way she clenched and relaxed, milking his plunging cock. "My little whore," he groaned and exploded inside her.

He squeezed her breast, hissing through his clenched teeth as he shot load after load into her creamy ass. He drew back and slammed in again, thrusting his cock as deep as possible. His last spurts shuddered out and he leaned against her, kissing her ear.

"You were amazing," he panted.

"Thank you ... Master." She gave a last shudder as he pulled out. "So, I guess I'm moving in with you?"

"Both of you," Kyle said, looking down at the smeared face of his teacher. "I'm tired of hiding our relationship, Ms. Capello. You're my concubine. Let the world know it."

"Thank you," she whispered.

"Now let's get cleaned up. Aaliyah, I wish we were all presentable, but leave the cum up Lois ass."

Done. The cum staining Ms. Capello vanished, their clothes straightening up, the sweat evaporating, and disheveled hair was recombed and brushed. I can't wait to meet our latest addition.

"How did you do that?" gasped Lois.

He put his arm around her shoulders. "The concubines will fill you in on everything."

"Even what happened at the cabin?"

Kyle froze, giving her a sharp look. "What?"

"Well, you're girlfriend disappeared and her book club is, well, dead. Some people think you're involved."

Kyle swallowed. "We'll speak about that at home."

Saturday, January 25th – South Hill

Zaritha concealed her appearance behind the mask of Lexie Lyndon, her dusky skin becoming ivory, her black, straight hair curling and turning brown, and her dark eyes grew such a pale shade of blue they were practically gray. Her clothes rippled, the red silks transforming into a short, pleated skirt and a low-cut blouse that showed off her lovely, round breasts. She had studied the male fantasy and copied the naughty schoolgirl look perfectly. White socks came up to her knees, a tartan skirt barely covered her ass, and a pristine, white blouse that showed off her lovely tits.

Principal Burke would easily succumb to her temptations. And once he had tasted her fire, he would be Zaritha's willing slave. A powerful weapon to use against Kyle and his damned Jann wife. She didn't understand how Sultan Rashid bin al-Marid failed to know that the Jann Royal Weapons had been sent with the houri.

"So much for the all-knowing Marid intelligence," she snorted.

The Ifrit took one last look at herself in the mirror. No man could resist her charms. She became a whirlwind of fire, zipping through the morning sky. No mortal would see her, she used more illusions to conceal herself as she zipped through the air.

The Principal's house was in a rich neighborhood on the edge of South Hill, off a street called Shaw Road. It was perched on the edge of the hill overlooking a green valley dotted with homes and farms, a blue river winding through it from the majestic Mount Rainier. Burke had power to live in such an opulent house, and Zaritha burned for that power.

She landed on his porch, returning to her humanoid form, abandoning her true flesh—fire and smoke. The air was crisp and cold this morning, frost covering everything as the sun peaked over the mountains. Her nipples hardened, poking at the thin fabric of her top. She'd be cold if she wasn't made of fire itself. She adjusted her tits, making sure they were almost about to fall out her top, her flesh jiggling with her every movement, then she put a vapid expression on her face and rang the doorbell. Her domination powers worked best when the target had a compromised emotional state.

Her pussy itched, a bead of juice working its way down her thigh as she waited. Her lusts were burning hot; she couldn't wait to dominate this man. He wasn't ugly and she did so delight in forcing her lovers to pleasure her. She'd conjure a crop and whip his back as his tongue whipped her clit, eager to make her cum to end the lashes.

So wonderful.

The door yanked open and Principal Burke blinked in surprise at her. He was wrapped in a black bathrobe, and a smile crossed his handsome, distinguished face as he drank in the sight of her. She could almost taste the lust bleeding off of him. His aura was diamond, so strong, she would have to really compromise his emotional state to dominate him.

"What a pleasant surprise, Miss Lyndon." Lexie Lyndon was the disguise she wore in the mortal world. "And what do I owe the pleasure of your visit."

"I'm selling magazine subscriptions," she laughed, thrusting her chest out so he couldn't help but see her luscious orbs bounce and sway. "Brr, it's cold. Can I come in so I can tempt you with a subscription."

"Absolutely. I love to be tempted by young women."

I bet you do.

His house was richly appointed and reminded her entering a palace. Fine pieces of art adorned the walls or rested on plinths and shelves. He led her into a living room, the walls hanging with swords and knives that appeared to be of the most exquisite craftsmanship with decorated guards and etchings on the gleaming steel.

"Quite a collection, Principal Burke," she gushed, walking to the weapons, letting her hips sway, the hem of her skirt teasing the possibility of exposing her ass.

"One of my many passions. I've been collecting for so many years."

She turned, taking a deep breath to let her breasts heave. "I hope you're as equally passionate about what I'm offering."

He stepped up to her. "And what are you offering?"

She could feel his eyes on her cleavage. "Why, magazine subscriptions. What else?"

"A young woman as resourceful as you could surely come up with other assets to sell."

He's bolder than I thought. "Maybe," she gushed, flashing him a coy smile.

His hand cupped her chin, lifting her face. A tremble went through her as his powerful eyes caught her, the sensation ending between her thighs; she pressed them together. I need to stay in control.

His thumb stroked her cheek. "You're a special, young woman, aren't you."

"I am," she purred. "Maybe I'll show just how special I am."

His hand slid down her neck to her shoulder, playing with the hem of her blouse. "And what would it take to find out." His fingers dipped under her blouse, tracing her neckline down to her breasts. "I'm dying to find out. It's almost painful."

She reached out and touched his crotch; he groaned as she stroked his hardening cock. "I can tell. It would be cruel of me not to help you out."

"Very cruel."

"You just have to promise me one thing." She squeezed harder.

"What?"

"To do me a little favor when I ask."

He pulled away from her. What is going on?

"This isn't the right place for this discussion. We should be in a more ... intimate place."

Perfect.

She followed him as he strode across the room, his black robes swishing with his long gait, forcing her to almost jog after him to keep up. Their feet echoed on the wooden floors of the hallway that led to a heavy door. He opened it, cold air wafted out of the dark portal. She could just make out stairs going down.

"What do you have down there, a dungeon?" Zaritha asked.

"Yes." His grin was full of confidence. "A young, confident woman shouldn't have any fear of a little dungeon."

If she was a normal, teenage, mortal girl, she would be afraid, but what could this man do to her? She was living fire. With a whim of her thoughts, she could set that black robe on fire and delight as he screamed in pain if he attacked her—that was the only time she could kill a Mortal in their realm. Rules stronger than steel bound the Hidden People. She walked down into the darkness, the echoes of her footsteps resounded through the musty air. He followed, the door booming close behind her, then lights flicked on and he followed.

The stairs led to a dungeon. Manacles hung from the ceiling and from wooden frames. There were a dozen different ways a person could be tied up, chained, bound, stretched, and restrained. Whips, flails, crops, and paddles hung from the wall and other device the Ifrit had never seen before: small clamps, small balls connected by a string, tapered cylinders. Who is this man?

She walked to the wall of the flails and pulled one down, the many lashes made of red leather, and turned to face the Principal. "Is this what I'm going to whip your back with while you pleasure me?" she purred.

He laughed, picking up two metal bands from a table. "I had these made just for you, Lexie," he grinned, hungry like a desert jackal. "I was going to give them to you on Monday, but here you are."

She glanced at the bands and a certain horror filled her—they were Djinn manacles. "Sorcerer," she hissed.

"Ifrit. I recognized you the moment you walked into my office. Drop you illusion and let me see your true beauty."

She hissed, drawing on her fire, the air rippling around her, melting away her illusion and revealing her lush, dusky beauty. She gathered the heat in her hand, then hurled the ball of fire at him, screaming in fear.

The ball of fire burned briefly then snuffed out.

"This is my territory." He strode towards her. "You have walked into the cage, Ifrit."

She curled her lips, shifting her weight, the flail in her hand. The room may be warded to drain any foreign powers, but she wasn't a helpless Jann. She knew how to fight. She slashed the flail at his face, the leather straps hissing through the air.

Surprise widened his eyes, and he jerked his arm up, the sleeve of the black robe catching the flail. His grunt of pain was satisfying. "I am Zaritha, servant of Sultan Rashid bin al-Marid. You think to duel with me? I have walked this earth before your ancestors were even born!"

She drew back the flail, slamming it down at his face. He chanted, a muttered prayer to Hecate and a disk of silver flared, deflecting her weapon. Then his hand shot forward as quick as a snake. He seized her about the throat, fingers digging into her flesh.

"I do so love fight in my women," he grinned. "Pity I have to manacle you."

She tried to transform into a pillar of fire and consume his hands. The fire burned inside her and she opened herself up to her transformation.

"Hecate, trap this spirit of fire and smoke in her flesh!" he chanted.

The fire died inside of her. She did not change.

Steel clapped over her right hand. "No!" she howled. He was stronger than Zaritha without her fire. "I serve the Sultan! You do not want him for an enemy."

"Rashid will not care," Burke grinned. "I'll take care of that Jann slut for him. I have been searching for her for so long. You did a thorough job in losing her, Zaritha. I really have to thank you for that storm."

How did he know about—

The second bracer clanked over her left hand, binding her to the sorcerer. Tears ran down her cheeks as he let her go. She wanted to hurl herself at him and claw out his throat and tear out his eyes. But she couldn't. He was her Master. The greatest crime you could commit against a Djinn was to bind one to your will.

"I love your tears." She shuddered. He took the flail from her. "A woman is at her most beautiful when she weeps and howls. Undress."

The manacles compelled her to obey. "Yes, Master."

Her hands shaking, she unbuttoned her blouse, her round, dusky breasts revealed to his hungry gaze.

"I have a task for." The flail hissed and slapped into her belly as her skirt dropped to the ground. Strips of pain burned, red welts rising across her flesh.

"Yes, Master," she gasped.

Crack! Pain exploded as the flail whipped her breasts.

"A woman named Fumi is traveling to Japan. She has an artifact. I want it."

Crack! "Yes!" she screamed. "And the woman?"

"Kill her."

"Your will, Master."

His robe dropped, his cock pointing hard at her. "Such beauty." She flinched as the flail raised again.
Chapter 15 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 14 |   Bottom
Chapter 15: The Will of the Warrior
Posted: November 28, 2014 - 10:09:16 pm
Updated: December 03, 2014 - 08:26:03 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

"Good morning, Mistress," purred a voice. Wet lips kissed her face.

Fatima smiled, opening her eyes to see Ann's beautiful face framed by her strawberry-blonde curls. She stared into her concubine's blue eyes, reaching up to stroke Ann's fair face with her dusky hand. Ann blushed and shivered.

"You are so beautiful," Fatima sighed.

She felt refreshed after her run. She really couldn't remember what she had been running from, but she had put all her energy in fleeing, pushing herself to exhaustion. And now I wake up to Ann's smiling face.

"Morning," murmured a sleepy voice, a warm body pressed against Fatima's back.

She turned and smiled at Kayleah's bleached-blonde curls spilling across her pale shoulders and round breasts. Fatima gave her other concubine a kiss on the lips, her hand reaching out to stoke the teen's hip as her tongue slipped into her mouth. Ann pressed into her back, her small breasts rubbing against Fatima.

"I love you, Mistress," Ann whispered. "I'm so glad you found us."

Fatima smiled, breaking the kiss. "Me, too."

"Me three," giggled Kayleah, her gentle fingers finding Fatima's dark nipple, circling it and sending wonderful sensations thrilling through the young woman.

"I think we need to have ourselves a little lesbo lovefest!" Fatima declared, her own fingers finding Kayleah's pink nipples. "It's the best way to start the day."

"Yes, Mistress," sighed Kayleah.

"I'm your slave, Mistress," purred Ann, her finger tracing down Fatima's side to then slipped down to touch her Mistress's ass. "Whatever you want, I'll do."

"Aren't I lucky to have a pair of concubines like you?" Fatima grinned. Her skin felt on fire where Ann traced, the concubine's finger working down lower, grazing the cleft between her two asscheeks, teasing her.

"We live to please you," Kayleah moaned. "We love you, Mistress."

"And I love you both." And Kyle and Aaliyah. Fatima wondered where her husband and wife were. Why wasn't she in his bed? Where am I?

Ann's finger wormed between her butt-cheeks, brushing her sphincters, electricity rushing through her. Then Kayleah's warm mouth engulfed her nipple, the concubine's tongue swirling about her nub between sucks, sending pleasure surging through her. Fatima gasped as Ann's finger pushed into her ass, working back and forth, adding more wonderful sensations to her body.

"You delightful sluts," Fatima moaned.

Kayleah switched nipples, sucking harder, her teeth grazing lightly, little nips; Fatima's body twitched with the quick stab of pain and pleasure. She stroked her bleached-blonde hair, delighting in the silky feel. Ann's finger pumped faster and then the wonderful concubine slipped a second finger into her ass, spreading her open, intensifying her pleasure.

Her hips shifted, pushing back into Ann's probing fingers. Her pussy was on fire, her two concubines igniting an inferno between her thighs and she needed it quenched. Her hand pressed on the top of Kayleah's head. The blonde knew what to do.

She kissed down Fatima's dusky body, licking her flat skin, teasing her belly button—Fatima squealed and giggled—then reached the sparse curls adorning her youthful pussy. Kayleah nuzzled her silk, kissing her pubic mound, and prolonging Fatima's wonderful agony.

"Lick me!" moaned Fatima, the fires consuming her. "Eat me, slut!"

"Yes, Mistress," Kayleah purred, her hazel eyes flashing up to Fatima's. "I'm eager to please."

"Yes, you are!" moaned Fatima as her concubine took her first lick through Fatima's burning pussy, gathering Fatima's dew. "So eager!"

Fatima's dusky hands gripped her pale hair, running through the golden hair, then pulling her deep into Fatima's pussy. Kayleah's tongue was limber, digging through her silky folds. The fires burning in the depths of her core, stoking the higher. Fatima shuddered, gasping and moaning, humping her cunt into Kayleah's lips as Anne fingered her ass harder, faster.

"Cum, Mistress," Ann moaned, licking her ear. "Let yourself and cum on Kayleah's sweet lips."

"Yes! You delightful sluts! I love you both! You're mine!"

"We are!"

Kayleah moaned yes, then worked her tongue deeper, probing her depths and igniting every nerve her tongue came in contact with. The fires burned hotter, fueled by her concubines, tongue and fingers. It was about to consume her and leave only wonderful, ashy bliss behind.

Her concubine found her clit, sucking that sensitive bud into her mouth. The fire exploded into a storm, sweeping through her body. She screamed wordlessly, a loud, piercing shout that resounded through the room, through the world—a beacon of burning passion.

"Oh, yes!" she groaned, the fires dying to wonderful embers.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," Ann whispered, pulling her fingers out. She looked over her shoulder and smiled as the petite girl sucked her fingers dirty with Fatima's ass into her lips, savoring her Mistress's flavor.

Darkness grew over her shoulder, great shadowy eyes melting through the wall, looming over Ann's form. The eyes were part of a terrifying body, a horrible wound gaping in the shadow's stomach. Terror burned through Fatima and her heart pounding faster than a freight train.

She had to flee.

"No!" She shoved Kayleah's mouth off her pussy.

"What's wrong, Mistress?" Kayleah asked.

"That!" Fatima screamed, pointing at the looming darkness. She could feel the malevolence of that shadow. Fatima had wronged it, wounded it.

"What?"

Ann looked behind her. "It's just the wall, Mistress."

"She's going to get me!" Fear controlled Fatima. Nothing else mattered except fleeing from this shadowy presence.

"You're scaring me," wailed Ann.

Fatima was on her feet, crouching on the bed. The shadowy figure was so close, the eyes cold and hate-filled. Fatima had to flee. She turned and ran, the bedroom wall vanishing as she ran through it and burst onto an endless, dark plane. There was nothing but the shadow chasing her. Her feet slapped the bare, featureless ground, putting all her energy into her sprint, racing like a forest fire.

"Where am I?" she yelled. "What is going on?"

Saturday, January 25th – South Hill

Kyle closed the door behind him and his wife. Fatima had been still the same—sleeping on her hospital bed. His mom was still by her side, but she planned on finally coming home tonight. Fatima was stable and breathing on her own, she just couldn't wake up. The doctors were baffled. Her brain was active. It was like she was stuck asleep, locked in a dream.

In a nightmare. Ms. Franklin's last spell. He wanted to kill the bitch again.

Ann and Kayleah both looked sad as they marched upstairs. His sister's concubines had wanted to stay with their mistress, but Kyle's mom had insisted that they go home and do their schoolwork. "You need to keep concentrating on it. Fatima would have wanted it," his mom had said.

Neither concubine had argued with their mother-in-law, though they both knew Fatima would never have said that.

With a sigh, Kyle plopped on the couch in the living room, staring at the black screen of the TV. Aaliyah snuggled up against him, resting her head on his shoulder.

"What can we do about this, Aaliyah?" he asked her, fed up with waiting. He wanted to do something to fix his wife. "What do you know about witchcraft?"

"Nothing," she answered. "It wasn't part of my education. We just have to wait on Britney to break Phillipa. Then we'll have some answers."

"I bet Christy would know."

Aaliyah shifted. "Maybe."

He pulled his cell phone out, scrolling through his phone book to Christy's number. He stared at it, his emotions boiling inside him. He should be angry at her. He was angry at her, but he also loved her. He couldn't help that. He missed her. She was a part of him. But her letter made it quite clear that she didn't want him contacting her.

His finger hovered over the screen, wanting to tap the green button. His finger didn't want to move. What do I say to her? Should I ask her to come back? And what about Aaliyah. She had almost died because of Christy's betrayal.

His finger twitched, nearing the screen, then backed off. His stomached twisted, his heart beat faster, and sweat broke out on his forehead. Aaliyah touched his arm, her fingers cool, then they dug into his flesh, fingernails biting.

The doorbell rang.

The tension burst out of him. He had to answer the door. He could make the decision after dealing with the doorbell. He crossed the living room, walking up the white door. He could see the tops of heads through the frosted, crescent window on the top of the window—brown hair and strawberry-blonde.

He opened the door.

"Hi, we're here to share the joyous news with you," a bubbly brunette said, her back straightening, and Kyle enjoyed her rather generous breasts bouncing beneath her conservative, white blouse tucked into a dark skirt. Her companion, the strawberry-blonde, was a little taller, but still curvy in her matching, conservative dress.

Kyle's dick stood up.

"Come in," he smiled. "I'd love to hear about this joyous news."

A smile swept across Aaliyah's face. The brunette had a very pink aura, but her companion's aura was a strong red—not someone easily dominated. What's the redhead in to, Aaliyah?

His wife's grin deepened. She's very confused. She likes women, a, um, lesbian, but thinks it's wrong. A sin. Your time is so strange. It's so free and yet so repressed all at once.

Yeah. Humans don't make a lot of sense.

So I have learned.

"The end of the world is coming," the brunette said, still smiling. "And only a limited number will be saved. And you don't want to be one of the damned, right?"

Kyle nodded, then thought to his wife, What's her feelings about the brunette?

"We're here to offer you salvation," the redhead added. "I'm Sister Rachel, and this is Sister Hannah." She placed a gentle hand on the brunette's shoulder, giving her a squeeze.

Aaliyah slipped up, hooking her arm around his waist.

"This is my wife, Aaliyah," Kyle introduced.

Sister Rachel very much wants to have Hannah do naughty things to her. But she's scared of her desires, of sinning, and frightened she'll drive Hannah away.

"How nice to meet you," Rachel smiled, her eyes seemed to light up as she gazed at the dusky genie.

Why don't we help them out. Hannah's a submissive. I wish that you give Rachel the courage to act on her feelings and we'll see what happens.

"Done," Aaliyah laughed. "You have such wicked ideas, my love."

Rachel blinked.

Kyle led his wife back to the couch, sitting down. The two missionaries followed them into the living room. Rachel kept giving Hannah lust-filled looks, color blossoming in her freckled cheeks. Kyle was eager to see how this played out. If she was a lesbian, Rachel didn't need to be in the closet, and Hannah looked like the type of girl that needed a strong hand.

"So, Jesus Christ has died for our sins, but only a..."

"You are so beautiful," whispered Rachel into Hannah's ears.

"Sister Rachel!" blushed the brunette, hunching her shoulders. "What are you doing?"

"I've been watching you for so long," whispered the redhead, her tongue mere inches from Hannah's ear. "For years, I've had my eye on you, wishing I had the courage to tell you just how beautiful you are."

Hannah looked like a deer trapped in headlights.

"I once saw you half-undressed in a locker room. Your breasts were large and snowy and I wanted to bury my face between them and enjoy the feel of them."

"Sister Rachel!" Hannah's rosy cheeks grew scarlet.

"I've masturbated so many times to that image. I've never been with anyone. I just want you."

"Well, I don't want you," Hannah whispered, looking down. "I have a boyfriend."

"I'll love you far more than Peter. And you will worship me."

"I don't want you for my girlfriend, Rachel. I'm not ... gay."

"I don't want you to be my girlfriend. I want you for my slave." A shiver ran through Rachel. "I want to be your lesbian Domme."

"What?" gasped Hannah.

This is so hot, Aaliyah whispered in his ear, shifting against him. He could hear the heat in her thoughts and feel the heat of her body through her sweater and jeans. His own cock was throbbing in his pants.

It is, he thought backed. Her hand found his crotch, stroking his hard-on. He groaned and pushed his hand between her thighs.

"I want to be your Mistress." Rachel cupped Hannah's face, tuning the younger woman to face her, their lips inches apart. Aaliyah squeezed his cock, anticipating their kiss. "I want you to be my submissive. My lesbian slave. I've wanted it for so many years. All through High School. And now you are a grown woman, so beautiful, and I want you for my pet."

"But it's a sin."

"I don't care!" she hissed. "And why should it be. We can love each other. Just give me your love and trust and will. Nothing else is more precious."

"I can't," Hannah whispered, trying to pull away.

"You can. I can see it in your eyes. I can feel the heat pumping through your veins. You want nothing more than to fall to your knees and be my little kitten."

"That's not true."

It is, Aaliyah insisted. Well, she wants to be anyone's kitten. But she feels a great deal of shame about it. I could ease her conscious.

You wouldn't be forcing her?

Nope. Just assuaging the guilt that had been ingrained in her.

I wish that.

Aaliyah's hand squeezed his cock, pleasure rippled through him. He rubbed harder at her groove, the heat increasing and he could feel her moisture beading through her panties and jeans as his wife's excitement grew.

"Be my kitten."

Hannah bit her lip, looking into her fellow missionary's eyes. Her hips shifted, thighs pressing together. Kyle loved this. It was like watching porn, but so much hotter. It was happening in real life.

"Give me your love." Rachel's thumb stroked Hannah's cheek.

Hannah's lips moved.

"I couldn't hear you, kitten. You have to meow louder."

"Yes," moaned Hannah. "I've always dreamed of being taken by someone. But no one ever tried. Even if it's a woman, I'll be your kitten."

His jean's zipper rasped; Aaliyah fished his hard cock out, stroking it with her dusky hand, gathering his leaky precum to lube her fist. He rubbed harder at her cunt, digging her jeans into her groove. She moaned, shifting her hips, humping against his rubbing hand.

"Then undress."

"What?" gasped Hannah, throwing a glance at Kyle and his wife.

"Kittens don't wear clothes," Rachel purred, twirling a long lock of Hannah's brown hair. "So strip!"

Hannah flinched at the intensity of her new mistresses command, her hands flying to the pearl buttons of her white blouse, working furiously down, then she shrugged out of the blouse, her neck and chest as flushed as her chest, half-hidden by her plain, white bra that supported her rather generous melons.

"That's it," hissed Kyle. "Strip, you little slut."

Aaliyah moaned yes, and stroked his cock faster, her eyes locked on the blossoming lesdom before them. The bra came off and Kyle, Aaliyah, and Rachel moaned their appreciation at her heavy curves topped with fat, dark-red nipples. Rachel's hands immediately went to her kitten's tits, squeezing her flesh, then buried her face between them, motor-boating those lush melons.

"Wonderful!" she gasped. "They're as silky and amazing as I always dreamed."

"Thank you."

"Mistress," Rachel corrected.

"Mistress," nodded Hannah, flushing again, her hands going to the fastener of her skirt, the black cloth dropping about her slim hips. Her panties were thick and boring. She pushed them down her hips, revealing the curve her pale ass before her panties dropped down her legs, bunching around her knees.

"Gorgeous," groaned Kyle.

"I need more," whispered Aaliyah. "My pussy's on fire."

Kyle found the snap of her jeans, popped it, pulled her zipper down exposing her lacy, yellow panties—Aaliyah's favorite color—and shoved his hand down them, pressing through her smooth flesh to find her hot, damp hole. She gasped as he shoved two fingers in her warm depths, grinding his palm into her clit as he worked in and out of pussy. Aaliyah moaned her appreciation, fisting his cock faster.

"Beautiful," Rachel nodded, pulling away, licking her lips. "What a gorgeous kitten. Now undress me."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Kittens don't talk." Rachel reached around and slapped her ass, the cheeks jiggling. "Oh, yeah," groaned Kyle.

"Meow."

"Oh, that's delightful," cooed Aaliyah. "I need to make Teleisia do that."

Kyle had a flash of his wife's Black concubine on her knees meowing as she licked at Aaliyah's pussy. His cock ached harder. He needed more than his wife's hand. He pulled his hand out of her pussy and yanked her jeans down. Aaliyah lifted her hips, wiggling to help him work the skinny jeans and panties down her thighs, exposing that beautiful pussy he loved.

She kicked them off, lying back on the couch, Kyle pushing his jeans and boxers down as he settled in between their thighs. They were both watching the new lesbian Domme playing with her kitten. Hannah worked Rachel's buttons as fast as her own, and Rachel's blouse soon joined Hannah's, then her bra, revealing a pair of smaller, though just as lovely, breasts.

Hannah darted in and, meowing, gave a playful lick at Rachel's right nipple. "Oh, you wonderful kitten!"

"Meow!" Hannah's tongue swiped again, circling the left nipple, then sucking the nub into her lips.

Kyle buried into Aaliyah's dripping pussy. They both groaned as he sank into her, humping their hips together. Kyle rested his cheek on Aaliyah's, fucking his wife as they watched Hannah kneel, tugging Rachel's skirt off her hips then the lacy thong she had concealed beneath her conservative skirt.

"All kitten's need their cream," purred Rachel, guiding her submissive to her dripping pussy.

"Meeeoooow!" hissed Hannah before burying her face into Rachel's smoothly shaved twat. Kyle just caught flashes of pink tongue disappearing into dark-pink flesh.

"Yes!" groaned Rachel, grabbing a handful of her slaves brunette curls and forcing her face deeper into her pussy, humping her hips. "Eat me, kitten. Lap up ever last drop of my special cream!"

Hannah's meow was muffled by hot cunt.

The couch rocked as Kyle pounded Aaliyah's cunt harder, their flesh slapping together. His genie's fingernails clawed his back as she gasped and moaned. Rachel's breasts heaved as her body shook from Hannah's ministrations, those perky breasts bouncing and dancing as her hips rode her kitten's hungry mouth.

"Shit!" Kyle grunted. "Fuck that slut! Make her eat every drop of your pussy!"

"She's such a naughty kitten!" gasped Aaliyah.

Kyle noticed movement at the kitchen. Alexina's blonde hair streaked with pink, was just peaking around the corner followed by Carla's face. He smiled at his concubines and they began filling the doorway, watching the show, fidgeting their hips and stroking each other's bodies.

He beckoned them, and his seven concubines spilled in, Ms. Capello at the center, joined by his wives concubines: Teleisia, Ann, and Kayleah. Clothes were stripped off and hands were groping feminine flesh. Kyle's eyes flickered from his naked concubines to the lesbian Domme and her kitten, pounding his wife's cunt, his balls about to boil over and froth his wife. Lois had Shannon licking her pussy while Chyna, Shannon's daughter, at out Lois's ass. Ms. Capello scooped up Ann and Kayleah, bringing them to her heavy breasts to suckle while Carla and Teleisia scissored their pussies together, ivory and ebony flesh heaving together.

"Eat me!" hissed Rachel. "You better make me cum, kitten, or I'll swat your backside with a newspaper!"

"Do it anyways," called out Toni, his cheerleader concubine, her red hair falling about her naked shoulders as Alexina munched on her ass, the blonde concubine worshiping Toni with eager delight.

"You hear that, kitten! When we get home, I'm going to have to spank you! Isn't that wonderful?"

"Meow!"

"I thought so! Oh, Lord. Get ready! You're about to get a huge load of fresh cream."

Rachel's ass clenched as her orgasm crashed through her. She kept Hannah's face pressed into her pussy as she unleashed a tide of pussy cream. And her kitten drank every drop, licking and sucking loudly, and moaning as she accepted her reward.

"Oh, that's beautiful!" gasped Aaliyah. "Oh, Kyle! My love! That was wonderful!"

His wife gave a squeal, then writhed beneath him. Her pussy clenched and relaxed about his cock, burning his dick with her passion. He drove into her, his balls about to unleash his cum. He drew back and slammed in, hard, fast, plunging towards the cliff. He just needed a few more strokes into her delicious cunt.

"Aaliyah!"

His cum exploded into her.

He groaned and shuddered, burying his cock into her depths. His pleasure erupted out in squirt after squirt that flooded his body with powerful rapture and left him gasping for breath. He collapsed on his wife, burying his face into her hair.

"Way to go, Master!" cheered Toni.

"That was so hot!" laughed Alexina, pulling away from Toni's cute rear.

"Umm, it was," purred Lois as she ground on Shannon's and Chyna's mouths, using mother and daughter for her pleasure. "Maybe I could borrow your kitten."

Lois, his newest concubine, had been working her way through all the others concubines since yesterday, enjoying their mouths on her pussy. Kyle was a man of his word, and she loved having unfettered access to all his women. She was a Domme that submitted to him.

"Wow," Rachel gasped, suddenly self-conscious and Hannah let out a frightened meow her entire body flushing with embarrassment. "What is this place?"

"Home," Kyle answered, pulling out of Aaliyah's pussy and his phone tumbled out of his pants pocket. He scooped it up. "This is my family." He swiped off the screen saver. His phone was still open on the phone book. Christy's number was ready to be dialed.

She's my family as well.

He pressed dial as the missionaries dressed.

Christy wasn't sure how long she had been walking through the Spirit Realm. It was strange and ethereal, everything shifting and changing the moment her eyes looked away. All the colors were vibrant, bleeding together in a clash of oranges, greens, purples, red, blues, and yellows. The only thing that seemed solid was the rainbow path she trod upon—Iris.

The daughter of Ishtar had transformed into the path she walked upon, leading her through the strange landscape towards the place where she would be washed clean by the Goddess and have her oath to Hecate undone and set her free from Erinyes stalking behind her.

Eyes were upon her.

She glanced over her back, but couldn't see anything than the shifting landscape. She frowned. What it her imagination? Or was she really being stalked. Was it Erinyes. Fear bubbled inside her. She didn't want to face Hecate's daughter who embodied vengeance.

She cannot touch you so long as you walk my path, Iris whispered in her mind. You are safe on my path.

Christy nodded, taking a calming breath. She could feel Iris's love bleeding through the soles of her shoes, a warmth that soothed her. She gazed down the path and the endless, changing landscape, and kept on walking.

Music blared, Katy Perry's Teenage Drama, her favorite song, echoed through the surreal Spiritual Realm. Christ jumped, her hand shooting into her pocket where her cell phone was vibrating. "How am I getting a call here?" she muttered in surprise, pulling her phone out.

Kyle's name was displayed on the caller ID.

Pain shot through her heart at the sight of her boyfriend's name. Her hand shook as she swiped her screen. "Hello?"

" ... ey, Chri ... le."

She could barely make out anything through the hissing static. It was the worst connection she had ever heard. "Kyle!" she shouted.

" ... know things ... end well ... I need ... you ever ... eyes ... I still..."

"Kyle, can you hear me?"

He can't, Iris whispered. He's leaving a message. A voice mail.

"You ... bad decision ... permanent. You came ... us save Aali ... have made ... ions, but then ... od one." Christy listened, even if she could only hear a few snatches of his voice as tears ran down her cheek. " ... right one ... your he ... ima is under ... don't kno ... You made ... can only ... you'll ... right decision ... you. Come back ... you can't help ... come ... you."

The message ended.

"Does he still care about me? Or does he hate me?" she asked Iris.

I do not know. But the road is long. You still have long to travel.

Christy wiped at her cheeks, sniffing, and continued walking down the path. A flicker of hope kindled in her heart. Kyle cared enough to call. Maybe it isn't over between them. Her steps felt a little lighter.

South Hill, WA

"She landed in Hokkaido this morning," Principal Burke, her new master, said as he unhooked her whipped body.

Every part of Zaritha hurt. He had sorely used her. His filthy seed dripped out of her pussy and ass. He removed the first nipple camp. She screamed in pain as the blood flowed back into her numb, sensitive nub. He chuckled, then plucked the other one. The pain was worse than the whipping, even worse than when he first put on the clamp.

"You should get going," he grinned, pinching her abused nipple. "I want her dead and I want the artifact she carries in my hands."

"Yes, Master!" she sobbed, the bracers on her wrists wouldn't allow her to give any other answer.

"Then go!"

She stumbled up the stairs. A hatred so deep and black filled her. She hated her new Master for all the torments he had inflicted on her, hated Aaliyah for surviving and landing her in this mess, hated Fumi for walking free in Japan.

And she hated herself.

Zaritha had always thought she was strong, powerful, able to withstand any pain. How wrong she was. Burke had used her in ways she hadn't even dreamed of. He took delight in every cry of pain he extracted from her flesh, reveling in her humiliation and torment. The louder she had cried, the harder he had fucked her. His stamina was inhuman. She had lost counts how many times he had spilled his seed in her holes. Soiling her.

She needed to be pure fire.

The moment she was out his house, she turned into a pillar of flames, burning away his foul seed, the pain and humiliation vanishing as she became her true essence. She streaked across the sky, blazing like a comet. The Pacific Ocean streaked beneath her as the air roared past her.

She almost felt free, but even composed of flames, she could still feel her slave bracers chaining her to Burke's will, almost dragging her across the sea to Hokkaido. To the little bitch. Her flames burned even hotter. She would consume Fumi, Aaliyah, and Kyle. And all his concubines. She would reduce them all to ash for their role in her humiliation.

And when she was freed, Burke would know her anger!

As fast as she flew, it still was hours crossing the Pacific, and her anger slowly cooled. Fumi had an artifact. She would not be helpless. Burke clearly feared to move openly against Kyle for this reason. The grand treasures of the Jann, the four elemental weapons, must have been bestowed to Kyle as part of Aaliyah's dowry.

She would need all her cunning to deal with the little bitch.

Zaritha materialized inside a bathroom stall in New Chitose Airport in Sapporo, Hokkaido, assuming the form of a beguiling, Japanese girl dressed in a traditional, schoolgirl outfit: white blouse tucked into plaid skirt with loose, knee high socks.

She stepped out face to face with a man. White. Tall. Dark. He had a passing resemblance to Burke. Her anger flared hot. "You!" she hissed, her hand shooting out to squeeze his neck. So what if he wasn't Burke—he was a man.

"Help!" he screamed, his limbs thrashing. "Someone, help!"

"Honey?" a woman called from outside.

"J-Jan!" croaked the man. "Hel—"

She squeezed harder. No one made her feel weak and vulnerable. No one hurt her. She was Zaritha. The chief enforcer of the Marid Sultan. She was strong! Powerful! Her fingers were hot steel, choking the life out of him. This man would die. He needed to pay!

Her fingers were forced back, the man gasping for breath.

Rules stronger than steel governed the Djinn. She could not directly kill a mortal unless it was in self-defense.

"Honey?" the restroom doors opened and a beautiful woman, blonde, curly hair, walked in, then gasped. "Help!"

Zaritha became flame, flowing around the woman, blazing in front of the door, trapping the pair. The woman backed away in fear, her husband grabbing her, thrusting her behind him. Zaritha's anger threatened to overwhelm her. That woman was so weak, fearful and cowering behind her husband. Heat burned inside her, aching her nethers. This woman should be punished. She was weak! Not me! I'm not weak like her! Both the husband and wife deserved to be punished.

I am not weak! I do not cower!

She became flesh, rushing over and grasping the man's head. Her fire burned into his brain, driving back his will to cower in the recesses of his mind. Her fires controlled the man now, guiding his body to her will.

Zaritha slipped a hand beneath her skirt, rubbing her fiery pussy as the woman begged for mercy from her husband. He didn't give her any. Just like Burke. Zaritha's climax was hot and fast, accompanied by the woman's screams.

She couldn't directly kill a mortal.

Hokkaido, Japan Fumi walked down the road, holding her thumb out at the passing cars. Hokkaido was as cold as she remembered it, snow piled on the shoulders making walking most unpleasant. Her last ride had brought her ten kilometers from Sapporo, but she had farther to go. She so wished the clerk at the car rental was a man.

"I could have weaseled a car for a blowjob," she muttered to herself. Even with her supernatural resistance to the cold, she was feeling it every time a car barreled by. "Why won't anyone stop! I'm a cute, schoolgirl! Where are all the perverts at?"

A large truck barreled by, her coat flapping around her at she could feel the whipped up snow wetting the back of her pants. Dirty, gray snow that you see on the sides of road. She adjusted her backpack, sighing in frustration.

"Not even the truckers want a piece of me!" she moaned.

A beat-up, old Toyota pick-up truck screeched to a halt, a rough looking man, his graying hair standing out against his dark-tan skin, peered at her through his passenger window. He leaned over, rolling it down.

"Where are you headed, little girl?"

"Kamifurano," Fumi answered. "I need to get to Mount Asashi." That's where the Yukishojou-no-onsen lay, the hot spring that the spirit Nisqualmie had sent her to. Fumi hoped that the springs would somehow allow her and Kyle to be fully intimate without her love dieing in her embrace.

"I can take you as far as Shikauchi."

Her face fell. That's only halfway there, if I'm remembering this part of Hokkaido right. Fumi eyed him. He was old, but still in great shape. A farmer, she bet, still with his strength, not some flabby, Tokyo businessman. Her hungers stirred. It had been a few hours since she ingested cum.

"How about I blow you and you take me all the way?"

His eyes widened slightly then they ran up and down her. "My wife will be wondering what took so long. I'll still take you as far as Shikauchi."

Her hunger grew more insistent and she could smell her lily-scented lust through the layers of clothing she wore, filling the air with her pheromones. She moved closer to the window, letting him get a deep whiff.

"Are you sure you can't take me?"

He swallowed, his hands squeezing the steering wheel. "I can't," he groaned. "Maybe this was a mistake. My wife will..."

Fumi's hungers were not about to be denied. "You can fuck my ass."

He swallowed. "Tokyo girl," he groaned. "Compensation dating?"

"Sure," Fumi smiled. She had made some money the six months she had lived in Tokyo dating businessmen—that had been after Shiro had died and her family had moved from Hokkaido. The perverts in Tokyo loved to pay young girls to date them. And they loved her blowjobs. "What do you say, farmer-san."

"Yushiro," he said.

"I'm pleased to meet you, Yushiro-san. I'm Fumi."

"Well, Fumi-tan, where should we... ?"

"Right here," she smiled. "Come and get me."

He swallowed, licking his lips. His cock tented his worn denims. She leaned on the hood of his truck, delighting in the engine's warmth. The door creaked open, the truck rocking as he climbed out. A car zipped by and he jumped but Fumi shot him a winsome smile, fluttering her eyelashes, and he forgot all about the passing cars as he walked around, his hands unzipping his pants.

"You Tokyo girls are all sluts," he hissed in her ear. "Not like a good, Hokkaido girl."

Fumi wanted to laugh and tell him that's exactly where she was from. But his hands were strong as they squeezed her ass and she moaned. He ripped her thick pants down, the air cold on her suddenly exposed flesh and she gasped.

"A slut's underwear," he groaned, ripping her lacy panties down, then those strong, calloused hands stroked her ass, squeezing each cheek. She felt so helpless before his strength, burning to feel him enter her and give her the cum she craved.

"Fuck my ass, Yushiro-san!"

She gasped as he drove his cock into her, pressing her hard into his truck, the corner biting into her stomach. He was rough, not caring if he hurt her, but her ass generated its own lube, like a pussy, and he pumped in her smoothly. His cock felt so wonderful. Short an thick, pleasure spilling through her as he pumped away.

His thrusts were hard stabs, burying in her, then slowly pulling back and jamming back in. She gasped and moaned as his brutal strokes ignited nerves inside her. His strong hand slid down her back to her neck, pressing her face into the hood as he used her.

"Whore!" he grunted. "Take it, whore!"

"Yes!" she gasped. She was a whore. And she loved it. Kyle would always be first in her heart, but no man would ever provide her with all the cum she needed. Like her mother, she'd find other man to blow or fuck her ass. It was just sex. "Cum in me! Give it to me! I need it!"

His thrusts grew faster, still just as hard, but his hips built up steam, his pick-up truck shaking with the violence of his thrusts. Pleasure screamed through her as his precum leaked into her ass, the appetizer to his main course. She squeezed when he pulled back, tightening her buns, trying to get him to spill faster. She needed it.

His fingers squeezed the back of her neck, bruising her flesh as his grunts grew more animalistic. His thrust slowed, but were still brutal, rocking the car every time he buried into her. His pounded into her, burying his cock into her and warmth flooded her.

She came at the first touch of his cum on her flesh. Her ass absorbed his energy. Passion surged through her. She writhed beneath his strong grip, moaning and gasping her pleasure. This is what she needed. It was so much better than absorbing cum in a blowjob. It was almost the proper way. He drew back, slamming in again, another jet of life-giving energy filled her.

They stayed locked in place, both panting as their passions faded. Fumi had a smile on her lip, savoring the energy he had fed her. His hand loosened on her neck, stroking down her back. A car drove by, horn honking, and he jumped, realizing what he had down.

"Pull your pants up, Fumi-tan," he grunted, pulling his softening cock out of her and buckling his jeans up. "We should get out of here."

"Yeah," she panted, stretching and rubbing her stomach where the edge of the truck had bit in. She pulled up her panties and pants, loving the feel of his cum leaking out of her ass. She'd have that wonderful mess for hours.

She climbed into the warmth of the cab, smiling and putting her fingers to the heater. He didn't say a word as he pulled out onto the street, turning up his radio and mindless, Japanese pop music flooded the car. Fumi leaned against the window, smiling. She was so closed to her destination. They'd reach Kamifurano around nightfall and tomorrow morning she could hike out the the hot springs.

The music died. "Police have yet to release the identities of the man and woman found brutally beaten and murdered in the New Chitose International Airport bathroom hours ago..."

Fumi closed her eyes, leaning against the window, sleep creeping on her. It had been such a long flight. She ignored the news announcement and let the warmth of his cum in her ass and the rocking truck lull her into blissful unconsciousness.

South Hill, WA

Kyle hung up the phone, sighing. Christy hadn't answered. Her phone had went straight to voice mail—it wasn't even on. He had left a message, pouring all his emotions into it and hoped she would get it. He didn't know what else to do to free Fatima.

"Well, we'll be going," Rachel said. The pair of missionaries were quickly dressing, uncomfortable around Kyle's naked concubines and retreating out the door.

Though they did hold hands. Kyle hoped they would have a wonderful life together.

"Sorry," Aaliyah whispered, pressing up against him. He put his arm around his genie wife, pulling her to him—she smelled of sweet sandalwood. "I'm sure she'll call when she gets the message."

"If she ever gets it."

"I could just summon her," Aaliyah pointed out. "Say the word."

"And if she didn't want to be here? It's practically kidnapping." He took a deep breath. He so wanted to summon her. He could always send her back to wherever she was once she helped free Fatima. It must be somewhere remote since the police hadn't found a clue on her whereabouts.

"Master?" Alexina strode out naked, plopping down on the couch on the other side. His petite concubine pressed against him, her blonde hair, streaked with pink highlights, spilled on his chest. "Are you coming to the game tonight?"

"Game?" Kyle muttered.

"The girls varsity basketball team is playing tonight," she answered. "Me and Teleisia are on the team and Toni's going to be cheerleading."

"I guess."

"What's wrong?" she asked, touching his face.

"I just wish there was a way to fix Fatima."

Aaliyah's body went rigid next to him. "Done, my love."

"Done?" he asked. "What—"

A gem the size of his fist and hued like the rainbow manifested on Kyle's lap, the heavy gem pressing on his balls. He winced, grabbing the gem and lifting it up, staring at it. The gem sparkled with more brilliance than a diamond, colorful lights dancing about the room as it caught the weak light of the lamp.

"Holy shit!" Alexina gasped.

"But, I thought you couldn't heal her, Aaliyah?"

"I couldn't," Aaliyah answered. "You wished for a way to fix her. You found a loophole, my love. Fixing things, maintaining your household, those all fall under hearth."

"What is it?" He held he gem up

"I have no idea," Aaliyah admitted.

"But you created it."

"I merely granted a wish."

Kyle felt warmth from the gem rippling about his body like heat was just hovering over his skin. It almost felt like his katana, Earthbones. But it wasn't quite the same, like listening to two different songbirds sing. They might be the same species, but there was a slight difference in the pitch and tone, in the rhythm of its chirps.

"It's magical," he mused, turning it in his hands almost transfixed by its faceted hues. "We need to find Christy and ask her what it is."

"Why don't you ask Phillipa?" Alexina suggested.

Kyle glanced at his concubine. "Right ... she's a witch. I guess we're going over to Britney's to find out what this is."
Chapter 16 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 15 |   Bottom
Chapter 16: The Orgy of the Concubines
Posted: December 03, 2014 - 08:33:44 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Saturday, January 25th – South Hill

Britney admired her prize's red ass as Phillipa knelt on her bed, her hands tied together then bound to a spreader bar, keeping her ankles as far apart as possible. The black-haired witch's face was pressed against the covers, her ass thrust high into the air. Britney sat the crop down, gazing at the hazel eyes of the teen, brimming with tears and lust.

"You came hard, right?" she purred, stroking Phillipa's dripping pussy, her tart musk filling the room. Britney loved that scent and loved her prize.

Phillipa nodded her head and moaned through the ball gag.

"I just want you to be happy, my love," Britney purred, her scent intoxicating, and she leaned down and took a long lick up Phillipa's pussy. "Don't you want to be happy and be my mate?"

She could see the fear in Phillipa's eyes. She faced an unknown future, but there was definitely love in her almond-shaped eyes. Rakshasas had been taking women and making them their mates for centuries. That was how Britney's mothers came together—Abigail had dominated Franny and now the pair were as happy as could be. Britney stretched out on the bed, resting her face on the covers next to Phillipa, her fingers stroking her prize's cheek above the ball gag's strap.

"I love you so much. Don't you love me? Don't you want to be mine?"

A faint nod.

Exultation surged through Britney. Almost three straight days of disciplining Phillipa and she had finally surrendered. So fast. The girl must burn to be hers. She reached behind Phillipa's head and unfastened the gag, pulling it slowly out of her mouth. Her slave worked her jaw, licking her dry lips. Britney slid in and have her a nice, wet kiss, letting her agile tongue run around her prize's lips; Phillipa sighed and worked her lips, kissing Britney back.

Britney's heart beat faster.

"Do you love me?"

"I do," Phillipa whispered. "You've showed me so much about myself. I ... I enjoyed how you treated me."

"Then you are going to be mine?"

"Yes! I don't understand how it happened, but you seemed to have worked into my heart," she moaned, then swallowed, the fear returning.

"What is it?"

"I'm sworn to Hecate. I can't betray the Goddess. She'll send her daughter Erinyes after me."

"Do you trust me?"

Phillipa bit her lip. "I ... I don't know."

Britney seized her prize's cheeks, gazing into her eyes. "There is a way to protect you from that."

"How?"

"If you're my slave."

"Aren't I already your slave, Britney?"

"Do you know what Slave Rings are?"

Phillipa's almond-shaped eyes widened. "They allow you to control supernatural creatures."

"And Witches," Britney smiled. "If I Slave Ring you, then you won't be betraying your Goddess because I will have fully dominated you."

"Do it," she whispered, licking her lips.

Britney sat up, then flipped her onto her back, her legs and arms stuck in the air. She untied Phillipa's hands from the spreader bar then roughly pulled them over her head, securing the teen to her head board, her round tits jiggling as the girl squirmed, stretching her legs out, her pussy exposed nice and shaved of all that unsightly hair. Britney's cock throbbed and she couldn't help running a finger down her breasts to her cock, giving herself a stroke, then she slid under and fingered her pussy for a moment. Phillipa was gorgeous.

She walked to her collection of BDSM items, pulling out a long needle and a pair of iron rings. She walked back to the bed, her cock waving before her; Phillipa's eyes fell on her cock, smiling with lust. Britney was so glad she had procured these Slave Rings, a pair of powerful artifacts, last summer when her and her moms had traveled to India.

"Do you trust me?" Britney asked again, brandishing the needle.

Phillipa licked her lips, but nodded. "I do ... my love."

Her words rippled through Britney and a pleased purr escaped her lips.

She crawled onto the bed, kneeling between her prize's spread legs, licking her lips as she guided her cock to Phillipa's dripping cunt. The teen humped her hips, eager to be penetrated by Britney's girl cock. She rubbed her tip through the wet silk of Phillipa's pussy, shuddering as pleasure ran through her, then she thrust hard and buried herself in the teens depths.

"Yes!" gasped Phillipa. "Oh, yes!"

Britney leaned over, gently thrusting, and grasped Phillipa's right breast, sliding her fingers up to her nipple, rubbing the nub to get her full erection. Then she brandished the needle. Phillipa sucked in a breath, her hips humping faster. She placed the needle's point against Phillipa's pink nub, staring into her hazel eyes.

"Will you be my mate?" Britney purred. "To take no other as your lover? To stay mine forever?"

"Yes!" she moaned. "Make me yours!"

Her cunt squeezed on Britney's cock as the needle pierced her nipple clean through. Phillipa gasped and moaned, pain and pleasure mixing together. Britney fucked a little faster, savoring the feel of her mate's cunt as she plowed her pussy and threaded the first Slave Ring through her nipple, joining the ends of the iron rings. They sealed together. They could never come off. In the back of her mind, Britney could feel her new slave, a tiny fuzz that she could almost command.

"Do the other one!" Phillipa gasped, her hips humping faster, her newly pierced breast jiggling, the iron ring shining dull. "Pierce my tit! Make me yours fully!"

Phillipa gave a low moan as her left nipple was pierced clean through, then shuddered as Britney fed the ring through her sensitive nipple. Her pussy spasmed about Britney's thrusting girl-cock and Phillipa tossed her head as pleasure rippled through her.

Britney leaned over her, resting on her left hand as she plowed her mate, grasping her newly pierced nipple with her hand, tugging and stretching out her nipple. Phillipa gasped, her orgasm prolonged by the pain. Britney savored the velvet massaging her dick, inspiring her hips to pump faster.

"Kiss me!" moaned Phillipa, her eyes squeezed shut. "Love me!"

Britney put her weight on her mate, their breasts rubbing together as she pumped away. Their lips met and passion was shared. Britney moaned into her mate's lips as the pleasure mounted, growing to an intense itch at the tip of her cock. She thrust harder and faster, eager to scratch that itch and satisfy her lust.

Flesh slapped together, ringing through the room as the two teens kissed and moaned, sharing their newly forged love. Britney's strokes grew erratic, her orgasm nearing. She had to cum. She had to release the pleasure growing inside her. She thrust her tongue deep in to Phillipa's mouth and buried her cock all the way into her mate's cunt and came.

Cum erupted into Phillipa's cunt. The fuzziness in her head became clarity. Phillipa was her slave and mate. She collapsed, nuzzling Phillipa's neck, licking on her flesh as she came down from the high of her orgasm.

"That was amazing," moaned Phillipa. "Thank you!"

Britney just nodded, still nuzzling her new mate, licking her ear. "The only commands you have to follow is this: you do not obey Hecate or any of her servants and you must find a new Goddess to serve. I'd prefer Ishtar."

"Yes, my love!" she groaned, the words forced out of her mouth. "I must obey!"

"Yes, you must," sighed Britney. She didn't want to move. She wanted to stay draped over the warm form of her mate and luxuriating in the feel of her silky flesh and the scent of their love making—sour sweat, salty cum, tart pussy. So wonderful.

A knock at her door spoiled her mood.

"Yes," she sighed, wondering why Kyle and Aaliyah were here, their scents trickling into the room, barely noticeable over the wonderful musk Britney had created with her mate.

"It's me. Kyle."

"Come in," she sighed.

He opened the door then blinked. "Er, sorry. I didn't think."

His Djinn wife, Aaliyah, was behind him, her eyes lighting up with interest. Britney had found her mate, so she didn't see anything attractive at all about the Djinn anymore. She gave her mate one last lick, then climbed off of her, her softening cock swinging between her thighs.

"What can I do for you, Kyle."

"Um, we need to talk to Phillipa. Have you broken her?"

"I have made her my mate." Britney couldn't help smiling at her words, and Kyle grinned back.

"That's great. So she's your wife, then?"

"Yes, she is." She glanced back at Phillipa and a grin beamed across her flushed face. "What do you want?"

Kyle produced a large gem from a bag, it's facets hued like the rainbow and a fiery brilliance seemed to burn in the gem as it caught the light. Britney cocked her head, searching her memories for what that could be.

"It is a Panacea," she realized, her eyes widening.

"Oh, my Goddess, it is!" gasped Phillipa. "Where did you get one? I thought they all had been lost."

"Yes, that is a very good question." Britney fixed her gaze on Kyle, pushing up her thick glasses. "Only three ever existed. Two were destroyed and the third lost to the sea."

"Aaliyah made it. I wished for a way to fix Fatima and this appeared."

"That'll do it," Phillipa nodded. "Let me think ... it'll need to be powered, first of all."

"How?"

"Lust. And lots of it." Phillipa worked her lips. "The witches of old used to hold wild orgies, bacchanals, in the woods to generate the lust needed to fill a panacea."

"I think I can arrange that," Kyle said, throwing a glance at his wife.

"Definitely." Aaliyah's grin grew broad. "I think I know just how."

"Well, good. Then you'll need the essence of those closest to her." Phillipa shifted. "Kyle, you'd have to fuck your mother and smear the gem with your combined sexual fluids."

Kyle swallowed and Britney sensed a new odor in the air—lust. Her eyes flicked down to see the growing bulge in his pants, and then she caught the scent of his precum leaking out of his cock. His cheeks darkened and his pupils dilated.

He definitely wants to do that. Men are all such perverts.

"I can do that."

Aaliyah giggled. "You've been burning to do that for a long time."

"I just needed a good enough reason."

His wife leaned over and gave him a kiss on the lips. "You've matured so much, my love. She has been the last obstacle to your complete, sexual freedom."

"Thanks." He glanced at Phillipa. "Then what?"

"You fuck Fatima and place the gem on her breast. It will empower her in the dream to defeat the nightmare chasing her. It may take some time, but she should prevail."

"Should?"

"She will have to find the courage inside her to fight the nightmare. All the Panacea does is give her the chance to defeat it."

"She has all the courage in the world."

Britney smiled. Kyle loves all his women, even that treacherous whore, Christy.

"Any word on Fumi?" Britney asked.

"She spoke to the spirit up on Mount Rainier and now she is over in Japan to bathe in some hot spring." Kyle smile grew. "She called right before we came over here. She's in some hotel room in a little town in Hokkaido. She could be home in a few days. Of course, there might be more to the process so she told me not to panic if I don't hear from her for a week or so."

"Things are beginning to turn around for you," Britney smiled. "That pleases me greatly."

"And things seemed to be going well for you," Kyle said, putting a hand on her shoulder. "I'm glad you found some happiness."

She nodded. "The world is growing more perilous. I can almost smell danger on the air. I would like to move in with you so I can better protect you and your family."

"What about me?" Phillipa asked.

Britney smiled at her mate, stroking her trembling face. "You shall live with me. Tomorrow, go home and gather your belongings. Then we shall move in with Kyle."

"I'll make room for you," Aaliyah smiled, closing her eyes for a moment. "There. You have some fine apartments in Kyle's extended bedroom. Yours is just off the entrance hall so you can be near at hand to guard the door."

"Thank you."

"Wait, my bedroom has an entrance hall now?"

Aaliyah nodded. "The concubines and I have discussed how to decorate it as well."

"Oh, sure." Kyle frowned. "Don't I get a say?"

"Nope." She hooked his arm. "Even in my time, women did the decorating."

Kyle laughed and gave her a kiss.

"Anyways, Britney, we should be going," Aaliyah smiled. "We have to get ready for the basketball game."

"Really?" Kyle frowned. "We need to figure out this orgy."

"Kyle. There will be lots of people at the game." She lifted her eyebrows. "I think we can spark something off."

Kyle laughed and Britney closed the door behind them, turning back to her mate. "Where were we?"

"Okay, Kyle, you can go," his mom sighed, her eyes dark and heavy.

Relief flooded through him. The first step in the plan to free Fatima required going to the game. "Are you okay?" he asked her, touching her cheek.

"Not really." She sighed. "Fatima's not getting worse or better."

"She will," Kyle insisted, feeling the Panacea bulging in his coat pocket. "Why don't you come to the game with us. I'm sure it would mean a lot to Alexina and Teleisia." And it might make it easier to seduce you at an orgy, Kyle mused.

"I barely know your concubines," she smiled. "You keep adding more."

"Well, Teleisia is Aaliyah's."

"My mistake."

"You could use a break, mom. Come with us."

She chewed her lip and she rubbed at her dusky forehead.

"It'll be fun, Mom." Very fun.

"It does sound fun, but..." She yawned. "I'm tired. You go, Kyle." She had been at the hospital for the last two days, so he couldn't blame her for being tired.

"Okay, Mom." He gave her a hug and he enjoyed the feel of her arms wrapping around him, comforting him. His head rested on her shoulder, her dark hair in his face. "I'm sorry."

Her arms tightened around him.

"I should have watched out for Fatima."

"Was it really magic that put her to sleep?" she asked.

"Yeah. How else do you explain everything that's happened?"

"So Aaliyah really is a Genie."

He nodded against her shoulder. "She is."

She gave a laugh. "This is almost too much to take."

"Sleep on it. I'm sure it'll make sense in the morning."

She pulled away, flashing a glance at the Genie. "I doubt it. Have fun."

"We will."

"Take care, girls," she said to Aaliyah and the concubines.

"Good bye, Mother," Aaliyah smiled and hugged her mother-in-law. Then the concubines each gave her a hug and a kiss, murmuring a mix of moms and mothers.

Kyle's mom looked at the concubines. "So, you wished for all these women?"

"I just wished for everyone to understand." He gave a nervous cough. "And to recognize which women could be ... persuaded to join."

"Ah."

"Your son is quite persuasive," laughed Lois. "And there are some wonderful perks to being his concubine." The Native American teen threw a look at her fellow concubines, licking her chops. She had enjoyed everyone of them while Kyle had practiced with Earthbones in the backyard this afternoon, honing his skills manipulating earth.

"Master, we're gonna be late," moaned Alexina by the door, dressed in a pair of dark-blue sweats, a duffel bag slung over her shoulder.

"Yeah," fidgeted Toni in her blue-and-silver cheerleaders uniform, the pleated skirts swirling about her pale thighs.

Ms. Capello put her arm around Kyle. "They're so full of school spirit," she giggled.

"Yeah," he grinned, pulling her tight against his side, her lovely, large breasts jiggling in her low-cut top. "Let's go, ladies."

Aaliyah pressed against his other side, kissing him on the lips. "I'm intrigued to see this sport. Basketball. Such a strange name. Is the ball made of wicker? Like a basket?"

Kyle laughed and explained to his Genie the rules as they piled into Shannon's enhanced SUV. Shannon drove the short distance to Rogers High School, Alexina fidgeting against Kyle the entire drive. "You'll do fine," he whispered to her. "Just remember the plan."

"I will, Master."

Aaliyah nodded to Teleisia, the African American concubine cuddling on her lap. "That's right. You'll be perfect."

"I will," the Black concubine grinned. "I'll be the best for you, Mistress."

Shannon pulled her SUV at their high school a few minutes later. Students and their families were streaming into the the gym a mix of Rogers students in their blue and silver and Puyallup High students in their gold and purple. Alexina, Teleisia, and Toni headed off to the locker room to get ready for the game while Kyle, Aaliyah, and the concubines followed the crowds into the gym. Kyle and his family crowded the top of the bleachers, Aaliyah on his right and Lois wormed against his left side.

Kyle cheered as Carla and the other Ram cheerleaders came out, cheering loud and shaking their pompoms, getting the home team crowd riled up as the varsity girls basketball team took to the court. Alexina and Teleisia were in the middle of the group of girls, dressed in their dark-blue shorts and gray jersey. Such tight shorts, showing off their fine legs.

"Umm," purred Lois. "I love watching basketball."

"And those shorts," Kyle added.

"Definitely. They make me so wet."

"Oh, yes. I've definitely come to appreciate the sight of a nice pair of legs," Ms. Capello purred, leaning back and resting her head on his hard cock. "I'm a bad teacher for lusting after my students."

"The worst," he grinned at her, stroking her honey-brown hair and gazing down her low-cut blouse at those amazing tits he loved.

"You're a wicked teacher," giggled Chyna, her fingers playing across Ms. Capello's cleavage.

"The game's about to start," Lois pointed out. "And I can't wait to see all those naked girls."

"You are a perfect concubine," Kyle smiled and gave her a kiss.

Lois laughed, "And you're not a bad husband, for a guy."

"Aaliyah. I wish for the girls basketball players and the cheerleaders to be naked for my enjoyment."

"Done."

In a blink of an eye, the uniforms vanished off the cheerleaders as they pranced, their suddenly exposed breasts bouncing and their naked rears shaking. The girls were racing around the court, their sneakers squeaking and their breasts jiggling as Alexina drove to across the court and jumped, clad only in her blonde hair, making a basket. A gasp went through the crowd, followed by a lot of cheering boys.

"Aaliyah, I wish that everyone finds it completely normal."

"Done."

The outraged gasps shouted, but the appreciative cheers continued. He could see a number of fathers watching the game with a certain amount of interest, their eyes fixed on their daughters bouncing breasts and gorgeous asses. Kyle's own cock swelled as he enjoyed the sight of all that naked, female flesh. Cameras flashed and the schools AV club was documenting the game, preserving the record of such an intense game forever.

"Aaliyah, I wish that everyone in the gym to have their libido increased."

"Done," she purred, pressing against him.

The blood seemed to boil through Kyle's veins, pounding faster and faster. All his concubines let out little moans and he could see them wiggling in their seats as their sex drives shot up. Kayleah pressed against Carla, then his sister's concubine kissed his; Kyle smiled, pulling out the Panacea and concentrated on it, using his aura to manipulate it like he would his sword. The gem flared, drinking in the growing lust.

He looked at the court. Toni was in the midst of a cheer, her tiny breasts barely jiggling as she jumped up and down. Then she grasped Livia's—a gorgeous, strawberry-blonde with a pair of big tits—waist, her hands sliding up to grasp her melons, shaking them like a pair of pompoms at the crowd—a great cheer erupted from the audience.

On the court, Alexina was guarding a Hispanic girl with a nice pair of tits bouncing about. Her hands grasped the Hispanic girl's ass, squeezing as she pressed her round tits against her back. The Hispanic girl froze, then Kyle saw her ass shaking, pressing back into Alexina's grip, her head turning, and the girl's kissed over her shoulder.

Teleisia made her move on the court, aggressively grabbing a shorter, White girl on the Puyallup team, hooking her leg, and pulling the redhead to the floor, falling upon her and kissing her with passion and humping her pussy into the other girls.

"That's it," Kyle smiled, feeling the Panacea absorb the lust.

The other girls on the basketball court froze, watching the two teens trib, their chests heaving and their thighs pressing together. Alexina slid to her knees, spreading the Hispanic girl's asscheeks, and burying her face in between those tan cheeks, tonguing the player's ass.

"Girls!" Kyle heard Coach Marshal yell, the dusky, Mediterranean woman pressing onto the basketball court.

"I wish she was naked," Kyle smiled.

The clothes vanished off the beautiful coach, exposing her large, dusky beasts and a shaved pussy. Two of the girls suddenly fell on her, kissing and licking, and the dam broke. The basketball court descended into an orgy of female flesh as the cheerleaders joined in. Kyle's cock ached as he watched the debauchery. The crowd grew more raucous as their increased libidos pumped lust through their veins.

But the crowd only watched. A spark needed to be struck. They were just so close. He wondered what he could do as Ms. Capello freed his cock, her mouth sucking his dick into her lips. Faces were flushed and he could see that the entire crowd was on the verge of breaking into an orgy.

They needed a nudge.

"I wish for everyone to be a little more horny."

"Done."

Like a wave of lust, the crowd groaned and clothes flew off. Kyle leaned back, grunts and moans washing over him as parents and students and teachers lost their self-control and fell into each other in a sea of flesh writhing in the stands. He glanced to his right and smiled as Iseul—a pixieish, Korean classmate—had her dad sucking on one tit and her mother on the other, the entire family getting into the spirit of this new school activity.

Ms. Capella's skilled mouth worked her magic, pleasure roaring through him as his cock slid in and out of her wet, sucking tunnel, plunging down her tight throat. His concubines were all naked, Shannon between Aaliyah's thighs, the MILF tonguing his wife like there was no tomorrow, Aaliyah's round, dusky breasts heaving. Lori was locked in a kiss with Billie, a green-eyed classmate with a pair of big tits that Lori's caramel hands kneaded.

"Shit," Kyle groaned, his balls tightening, and then he was erupting right down Ms. Capello's hungry mouth.

"Oh, thank you," she purred when her mouth popped off his cock. She turned her head, grasping sweet Ann's face and shoving a cum-covered tongue into the Freshman's lips.

Kyle stood up, his cock thrusting before him, the Panacea clutched in his hands, growing brighter, and looked around for someone to fuck. Behind him, Darleen Wyatt from his English class was bouncing on the cock of an older man while a woman that looked like a more mature, ripened version of his classmate fingered her pussy beneath her skirt.

He brandished his cock at her. The woman glanced at her husband and daughter writing like a pair of horny minxes, lust and indecision warring on her face, then her eyes flicked back to Kyle's cock. "Come get me, big boy," she purred like a cougar, spreading her legs. Her panties were missing, and a neatly trimmed, black bush beckoned. "Momma wants to devour you."

Kyle climbed up the bleachers to her, leaning over her and shoving his cock into her wet, hot depths. Her thighs wrapped around his cock, her hips humping hard and fierce, bucking against him, while her pussy squeezed around his plunging dick with a hot, velvet grip.

"Fuck me," she moaned. "Oh, yes! I haven't had such a young stud in years!"

"Oh, Momma!" gasped Darleen beside them, her head resting on her dad's shoulders as she worked her hips. "You're letting Kyle fuck you."

"You're one to talk, Missy!" she groaned. "That's your dad you're fucking!"

"I know!" She groaned. "Oh, Daddy! I've been wantin' to fuck you so long!"

Kyle watched their incestuous coupling as he nailed the mom. Darleen's dad slid his hands underneath her top, squeezing her round breasts as she fucked him. Her face twisted, and she leaned back from him, holding onto his neck as she just slammed herself up and down on his cock, her black hair hanging behind her.

"Yes, yes, yes, Daddy!" she howled. "Gonna cum! Oh, my god! I'm cummin' on my daddy's big dick!"

"Darleen!" gasped the dad. "Holy shit! So tight!"

"Cum in me, Daddy!"

"Shit!"

Kyle watched Darleen slam down on her dad, his face twisted as he grunted. The mom's legs tightened around Kyle's waist and her fingernails clawed at his shirt as her hips humped him faster, her eyes locked on her husband and daughter's incestuous climax.

"Did you just cum in our baby girl?"

"Yes!" he groaned. "Fuck, yes!"

"That's so wrong!" the mom panted. "Oh, my god! You violated our daughter's cunt! Oh, fuck! Oh, yes!"

Her pussy went wild around Kyle's cock, writhing, bringing him closer and closer to heaven. He pounded her harder, glancing at the Panacea still clutched in his hand, it's brilliance absorbing the lust from her orgasm.

"Cum in my mom!" Darleen moaned, sliding off her dad. "I want to eat your cum out of her pussy!"

Kyle pumped faster, his balls boiling. "Fuck, yeah," he grunted. "Here it comes! Take my spunk!" he buried into the mom, his balls erupting and spraying her pussy with his big load.

"Shit, shit!" gasped the mom. "That's it, stud!" She gave a shuddering sigh. "I haven't been fucked that well in years."

Kyle pulled out of her, smiling at the puddle of cum leaking out of her well fucked pussy. Her daughter fell on her cunt, licking it up while mom moaned and cooed and dad found himself another woman to fuck, ramming his cock into the pussy of a woman blowing her teenage son.

"Come on, my love," Aaliyah smiled, beckoning to him. She stood naked nearby, holding out her hand to him.

He stepped down the bleachers and Aaliyah pushed him down onto the seat. She licked his cock, cleaning up the MILF's pussy juices. She smacked her lips, loving the flavor, then she grasped both her breasts and wrapped them around Kyle's cock.

He groaned, loving her dusky orbs pressed on other side of his throbbing shaft. She didn't have Chyna's big, pillowy tits that could engulf his cock, but she had enough to rub up and down on him, stroking him with her silky softness.

"That's it," he groaned, leaning back.

Chyna slipped next to him, pressing those lovely, big tits into his side as she nuzzled at his neck. "Is Mistress pleasing you."

"So much," Kyle groaned.

Aaliyah beamed at him, her dark eyes flashing as she knelt before him. Shannon was behind Aaliyah, tonguing her pussy as she rubbed her tits up and down Kyle's cock. Chyna nuzzled at his ear, her breath hot.

"Cum on my tits, my love," Aaliyah purred, sliding them up and down faster, her nipples hard and brushing his stomach. "Cover me with your seed."

"Gladly," he groaned.

His balls tightened as she slid her tits up and down faster. She was so beautiful. She gasped and shuddered as she came on Shannon's lips, moaning like a lovely songbird, squeezing her dark eyes shut.

"So fucking hot," he grunted and spilled his white cum on her dusky tits.

"What a stud, Master," purred Chyna.

"Yeah," he groaned as Aaliyah squeezed the last of his cum on to her tits.

"Did you enjoy that, my love," she asked, looking so enchanting as she dripped his cum.

"Yeah."

She stood up, holding her hand out to him, his cum running down her body. "Look at those cheerleaders. Let's join them and spread some cheer."

He took his wife's hand, smiling at her as she led them down the orgy of writhing flesh to the basketball court. Toni was in the heart of a Rogers Rams cheerleader orgy, and she pulled him down into the press of feminine flesh.

Kyle had no idea who was touching him, kissing him, sucking him. His cock was engulfed by a woman's mouth, then a hot cunt was pumping on him. His face was buried into a hairy muff, his tongue licking the unknown cheerleader's delights. The girl on his cock squealed as she came, his cock erupting into her depths. She pulled off and an even tighter hole squeezed down on him—someone's ass.

He tongued harder at the pussy riding his face, his tongue working into her spicy depths. Her hips bucked, smearing her pussy on his face, and then she slid off of him and he had the briefest glimpse of Aaliyah being licked by three girls before Toni's mouth sealed on his, sharing the flavor of her cheermate.

And the Panacea grew brighter and brighter until it almost burned in his hand, absorbing all the lust and brimming with the power to save his sister. His cock erupted into the unknown cheerleader's ass, and he collapsed, almost passing out as the insatiable cheerleaders licked and sucked his body, pressing their breasts and hot cunts against his body.

It was the best High School sporting event Kyle had ever been to.

"I wish everything went back to normal," Kyle panted once he had been fully satiated.

There was a very confused group of cheerleaders when they discovered they were all in a pile and why Kyle and Aaliyah were with them. The crowd was confused as well, as many people wondered how they had moved from their seats. The game clock was over and Rogers had one the game by a score of 7 to 3, the lowest scoring game of basketball in their schools history.

Kyle knew it was for the best that no one remembered the orgy. He did wish for the only copy of the recording to be downloaded onto his computer so he and his concubines could enjoy it. They all remembered, and Toni beamed. "I ate all my teammate's pussies. Thank you, Master."

"You're welcome," Kyle told her as they rode back home. For once, there was no impromptu orgy in the back of Shannon's expanded SUV. They were all worn out but happy.

His mom was wearing a bathrobe and making a snack in the kitchen when they trooped in. "How was the game?" she smiled.

"We won," giggled Teleisia.

"That's good," she absently answered.

"It was the best game of basketball I ever watched," purred Lori. "So much bouncing."

Toni laughed, and flipped up her cheerleading top and jumped up and down, her tits bouncing at Lori.

"Put those away," his mom snapped. "Save that for your bedroom."

"Sorry, Mother," Toni flushed, shoving her top back down her tits.

"What's glowing in your pocket?" his mom asked him, frowning.

He glanced down at his coat pocket and saw that the Panacea's light was bleeding through the dark fabric. He pulled the gem out, setting it on the counter. "I'm going to fix Fatima with this."

"Oh, how?" she asked, hope in her eyes.

"Well, I'll need your help."

His mom caught his eyes, her dark pools full of desperation. "What? I'll do anything."

"You sure about that?"

"Yes!" Her arms wrapped around him, pulling him to her breasts. "Anything. What do I have to do?"

"We have to ... eh ... fuck."

Her arms froze. "What?"

"Our essences have to mingle," he told her. "We need to make love."

She pulled back, staring at him with horror. "Is this a joke?"

"It is not, Mother," Aaliyah said. "You and Kyle are the closest to Fatima. Your essences are needed to give her the weapon to free herself from the spell."

She chewed her lip. "I..." She swallowed. "I can't ... it's wrong."

"It's the only way, Mom." He reached out to touch her, but she knocked his arm away. "Please, Mom."

"I need to get out of here," she whispered, hysteria teasing at the edges of her words. She backed away. "I'm your mother. That's so wrong!"

"It's for Fatima."

Indecision played on her face, then she fled the kitchen.

Sunday, January 26th – Kamifurano

Fumi gasped and moaned as Ando pumped her ass with his big cock. He was insatiable, fucking her for the last few hours. When the farmer had dropped her off in Kamifurano, she had easily found a hotel room. A few, well placed eye flutters and a bit of her pheromones, and the handsome, young man had jumped at the chance to take her back to his hotel room.

And his cock just seemed to keep going. Not that she was complaining, Fumi had absorbed so much cum. She was going to have all the energy she needed to walk through the snowy mountainside to reach Yukishojou-no-onsen in the morning.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" he grunted as his cock stabbed into her ass over and over. "Take it, whore!"

"So big," she moaned. "Give me all your cum, stud! Stir my ass up!"

She squeezed the covers, her breath escaping in ragged gasps. She was so close to cumming, the bed squeaking as his cock easily slid through her cum-filled ass. She was beginning to think this guy had popped a Viagra to keep going.

"Cum in me!" she moaned. "I need it so bad!"

His thrust grew harder, pounding her, and his breath came in ragged gasps into her ear. He nipped her ear, sucking and nibbling. She could almost sense his cum about to boil out of his balls and flood her ass, one last meal, and then she could hopefully get some sleep. His cock stabbed into her, balls slamming against his taint, and he erupted.

She came.

Her ass squeezed down on his cock as she absorbed his cum, gasping and squealing. She imagined it was Kyle cumming in her, loving her, as her body spasmed and her vision fuzzed. She was so close to being with him without any fear of killing him. "Kyle!" she purred. "Kyle!"

"What a slut," laughed the man, rolling off of her. He stood up, grabbing his pants. "I need to get some ice to cool off."

"Well, be quiet when you come back," Fumi said, burying her face into the pillows. "I need to sleep."

"I wore you out," he chuckled before slipping out the door.

"You did," she whispered, her eyes falling heavily as her orgasm bled out of her. She actually felt fully satiated for once. Her breathing slowed, and she succumbed to sleep, thinking about Kyle and how great it would be to make love to him, to feel him cum in her pussy and not die.

Zaritha's inner fire kept her warm as the snow fell upon the Japanese town. The mortal girl's scent was thick here. She was in the motel, a seedy place. Zaritha's eyes locked on room 203. That's where the girl was. Zaritha flexed her fingers. "Now I just need my cat's-paw."

There were rules against killing a mortal. Laws had been laid down with the universe's creation and written upon the soul of the Hidden People that prohibited the murder of a mortal unless in self-defense. She could take steps to violate those Laws, but the cost ... she shuddered. Zaritha did not want to become like those terrible servants of her true master—Rashid ibn al-Marid, Sultan of the Djinn.

A smile crept across her face. She may not be able to directly kill a mortal, but nothing said she couldn't get one mortal to kill another. Such a simple loophole to get around, she wondered why the rule existed to begin with.

It was after midnight, the sleepy, mountain town dead. Even the bars were closed. Maybe it was the snow storm, or maybe the town just had absolutely no night life. More snow fell about her, melting as it touched her skin. She was fire incarnated in flesh.

The slave bracers on her wrists itched, urging her to march straight into the little bitches room and killing her outright. "I could always force her to kill herself," she mused, pressing her thighs together at the though. "I could make her march into the bathroom, punch the mirror and slash her wrist, bleeding out slowly and painfully on the bathroom floor."

She shivered; that sounded delicious.

And then I have to return to him...

Fear beat in her heart. She didn't want to do that. She wanted to hold off killing Fumi as long as possible. Zaritha didn't want to return to her Master and his cruel delights. Her body was still healing from the trauma he had already inflicted in the short time they had together. How much worse would it be if she was permanently with him?

The bracers itched worse, as if they could sense her treasonous thoughts. She couldn't hold off. She had her orders. Fumi must die and Zaritha must retrieve the artifact she carried. There was no other way but to march up there and force the little bitch to commit suicide.

The door to room 203 opened and a young, Japanese man walked out, wearing only a pair of pants, a bucket in his hands as he walked down the open hallway to an ice machine halfway down. Zaritha smiled; there was a better way to make the little bitch suffer.

Whirling into flames, she shot up to the open hallway behind the man, flashing back into her corporeal form. "Hello," she purred.

The man turned, his eyes lighting up as he saw her sultry form. He said something to her in Japanese. She knew from his tone it was degrading. Her smile was deadly as she lashed out with her fire, burning away his thoughts. The bucket fell from his hands as the man stumbled back, screaming in pain.

She savored his cries.

Her fires overwhelmed the part of him in control, leaving her in command of his body. He shook his head, his eyes blurry, then he straightened up, obedient to her will. "Go into the room, kill the girl."

He nodded, starting to walk back to room 203.

"But have some fun with her first," she laughed. "Really degrade the bitch before you kill her."

Zaritha pressed her thighs together as he unlocked the motel room and walked inside. There was a startled scream, the bed rasping. Her pussy itched, and Zaritha retreated out of the well lit hallway to the snowy night, her fingers plunging between her thighs as she pictured little Fumi's last moments.

Her orgasm shuddered hot through her body.
Chapter 17 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 16 |   Bottom
Chapter 17: The Decision of the Mother
Posted: December 10, 2014 - 09:09:56 am
Updated: December 16, 2014 - 11:02:18 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Sunday, January 26th – Kamifurano

Fumi was drawn out of sleep by a strong set of hands on her. "I need to sleep, Ando," she protested, pushing his hands away. They were like iron, not letting go. "I mean it. You've had enough for one night."

"I need more, little slut," Ando hissed.

Fumi sighed, opening her eyes. She could just make out the form of the handsome, young man she had fucked in exchange for staying in his hotel room. Her ass was full of his wonderful cum and he had pumped quite a few loads into her this evening. But she needed sleep. She was traveling up the mountain to the Yukishoujo-no-onsen, the hot spring where she hoped to be granted a boon. She wanted to make love to Kyle, and he couldn't so long as her pussy would kill him.

She hated being a Yuki-onna.

"I need more now," he hissed, his hands tightening on her shoulder.

"Stop that. You're hurting me."

"Good."

She pushed the last bits of sleep off her mind as her heart beat faster. This wasn't right. His voice sounded different. "Ando? What?"

He pined her down, his body atop her. "I'm gonna have so much fun with you."

"Get off me!" She pushed on his body, digging her fingernails into his flesh.

He grunted in pain and she pulled her right foot up, planting it against his stomach and pushed hard. He stumbled back and she rolled over, trying to get to the edge of the bed, her heart racing. Something was really wrong. His voice was different, and she wasn't shedding any pheromones, so he shouldn't be inflamed with passion right now. She reached for the cylindrical, bow case on the floor that held the special yumi Kyle had given her.

"Bitch!" he snarled, grabbing her ankle and hauling her across the bed.

She kicked with her free foot, catching him in the balls. "Help! Help!"

"Goddamn slut!" he grunted, doubling over, but his grip didn't slacken. His hand shot down, grasping other leg. She struggled, trying to kick her legs free from his grip. "You are going to pay for that, bitch. You hurt my cock. You need to kiss it to make me better."

"I'll bite it," she hissed. "Asshole!"

He pulled her across the bed until her butt rested at the edge, her legs around his body. She tried to squeeze her thighs shut, but he leaned over her pressing his groin against her. He leered down at her and she slapped at his face, digging her fingernails into his cheek, leaving blood furrows as she scratched.

"We are going to have so much fun."

"Help!" Panic filled her. He was so much stronger than her. "Someone help—"

His mouth kissed hers hard, almost chewing on her lips. His hand found her breasts, squeezing hard, then pulling on her nipple. She groaned as pleasure flooded through her and she could smell her scent filling the air. Her body writhed, responding to his touch. She was a Yuki-onna, a succubus, and she thrived on sex.

She ground her pussy against him, kissing him back. Her fear melted into passion, her legs wrapped around his hips as she humped against him, his rough jeans rubbing against the sensitive lips of her pussy, stroking her aching clitoris.

"You are a slut," he laughed, pinching her nipple so hard the pain and pleasure mixed inside her. His other hand seized her throat, squeezing hard. She couldn't breath, the blood pounding inside her head. She didn't stop humping him as her vision fuzzed. "It's a shame I have to kill you. I would love to keep you."

He let go of her breast, still squeezing her throat, relaxing for a moment so she could suck in a sweet breath, then tightening. Her pleasure burned fierce inside her. She never felt anything like this. She was so aware of everything that was going on. His belt buckle rattled, his zipper hissed, his cock smacked her pussy, hard and thick.

"Fuck ... me..." she hissed, forcing the air past his tight fingers.

"Beg, slut!"

His hand relaxed. "Fuck me! I need your hard cock!" Her body hungered, awakened by the adrenaline pumping through her body.

He squeezed. His cock buried into her pussy. Pleasure exploded through her. Hot and fast, a searing wind that left her bucking as she struggled to cry out her passion. Stars danced before her vision, her fingers and toes tingled. Her head lolled to the side, savoring the feel of his cock pumping in and out of her pussy. So wonderful. She could feel every inch of him inside her velvet, hungry sheath.

Her vision narrowed, her blood screaming through her mind. Her pussy convulsed again, another rolling wave of pleasure orgasmed through her body. She couldn't do anything more then lay there and be lost in the pleasure as the world retreat. Her lungs burned, her pussy was on fire. Her vision was almost gone.

Molten fire exploded inside her. Her cum spasmed through her body as her pussy drank every drop of his sweet cum. Such energy burned through her, fueling her body, her vision suddenly coming back clear as day.

"Yes!" he hissed, his hips drawing back to spill another load inside her. "Such pleasure!" His back arched, his fingers crushed her throat.

Then her pussy devoured his life, sucking it out of his cock and feeding her. For months she had starved herself, subsisting on blowjobs and anal sex. And now she had her feast. She drank every drop the man possessed. His hand went limp, sweet air sucked into her throat, and he collapsed on her, his body cold as ice.

She had drained him dry.

Fumi pushed him off of her, panting, her throat burning, her mind struggling to think. Guilt and relief flooded her. I killed another man.

He tried to kill me.

Someone must have cast a spell on him.

She froze at that thought. That one witch had escaped at the cabin? Was she out for revenge or were there other enemies of Kyle's that they did not know about? Fear clutched her heart. She scrambled off the bed, grabbing her stuff. She had to get out of here. Whomever had enchanted Ando would be coming to investigate his work.

"I'm sorry, Ando," she whispered as she grabbing her cloths from off the floor, his cum leaking down her legs. She didn't have time to clean up. She needed to get to the hot spring as fast as possible so she could get back to Kyle.

She pulled on her thick snow pants, two heavy sweaters and a thick jacket. She opened the case that held Windfeather, drawing the yumi out. The bow was the most finely crafted yumi she had ever possessed, the dark wood inlaid with a strange, green metal that didn't harm the bow's flex at all. She could suddenly feel the air swirling in the room, sense the subtle eddies and currents thanks to the bow.

Fumi almost went out the front door, but her fear stopped her, freezing her gloved hand on the knob. What if they're outside? They could be watching. I need to be smart.

She retreated to the bathroom, opening the window. She was on the second floor and peered out at the snowy ground below. More snow fell, black specks in the darkness. She drew on the bow, forming a wind blowing up the side of the building, snow whipping into her face, and leaped out.

She floated like a feather to the ground, cradled by her wind, landing in the calf-high snow. She had memorized the map. The trail to the hot spring should be to her left. She set out into the snowy night, fear hammering in her heart.

I'm running through a snowy mountainside. Didn't I dream something like that? She tried to remember the dream she had on the plane. But she had been so tired. She vaguely remembered that she was stumbling blind through the snow, being hunted by something.

"I'm not blind. It must have just been a coincidence."

She threw a look over her shoulder anyways. All she saw was snow falling, burying her footsteps.

Zaritha hated the snow.

She was a being of fire, haunting the deserts. This freezing water irked her. She stood in the falling snow, the delicate flakes flashing into steam right before touching her skin. The drift she stood in had melted, steam rising about her, exposing the green grassy verge beside the plowed road, her eyes fixed on the hotel room.

It had been two hours since Ando had entered the motel room. She had told the human to make her suffer. Surely she had suffered enough in this amount of time. Worry began eating at her. She cursed the rules that creation had placed on her race. Why had they been given all their power if they couldn't use it how they pleased?

Not like these barbarous humans. They could do what they want, creation didn't care. How she hated them all. Particularly her master. The slave bracers burned on her wrists, demanding that she go in there and kill little Fumi. But no Hidden Person could kill a mortal. Her people could do a lot to one, control them, torture them, but not directly kill one.

And her pawn was taking far too long.

With a flare of irritation she flashed into a whirlwind of fire, streaking through the sky to the second floor walkway, rematerializing before the door. She didn't want to walk through the heavy snow if she didn't have to.

The door was locked. So she knocked.

No one answered.

She grasped the knob, flooding it with her fire. The brass glowed red, deforming and melting into a blob that fell in a sizzling mess around her hand to drip on the cement floor. The door creaked open an inch. She pushed it open, summoning a ball of fire to light the hotel room up.

Her puppet was dead, his pants around his ankle.

"Si'lat whore," she cursed. "How did that little girl kill you?"

The corpse didn't answer. They never did in Zaritha's experience.

She examined the dead man. He was young and fit, his body compact and muscled. She didn't see any wounds on him or smell any blood on the air. His throat was unmarred, there was no foam about his lips. She moved her flame over him, illuminating his flesh, and froze over his groin. His cock was black and shriveled. Dessicated.

"The little thing isn't human," Zaritha purred, a tremble going through her body. The rules had changed. Excitement burned through the Ifrit. She scanned around, wondering where the little thing had fled. What sort of powers did she possess? The shriveled cock implied a succubus. "No teleportation or flight then. But the little thing could be hiding."

The hotel room wasn't large. It took her a minute to figure out where Fumi had fled. The bathroom window was open. She flashed down to the ground, snow steaming around her. A trail led off into the snowy forest.

The Ifrit smiled and pursued her prey.

South Hill, Washington

Kyle woke up early on Sunday. He couldn't sleep. He was so close to helping Fatima wake up. The Panacea glowed like a rainbow on his dresser, its soft light scintillating through his bedroom, falling on the naked flesh of his concubines cuddling across his huge bed. Aaliyah slept in his arms, her dark hair falling across her dusky face.

His cock was half-hard and his bladder was full. He carefully crawled over the piles of beautiful women, trying not to wake up his concubines. The room was at the perfect temperature. Not too hot, not too cold, but just right for a person to sleep naked without covers. He paused at the doorway, admiring their lush beauty.

Through his bedroom door was a hallway. Each of his, Fatima's, and Aaliyah's concubines had their own smaller room, with another four rooms set aside for his wives. No one had slept in their beds yet. The hallway led to a large sitting room. It was more like his own living room. His Xbox was hooked up to the huge TV hanging on one wall, the floor strewn with bean bags and pillows. There was a new door leading to Britney and Phillipa's room.

He exited the extra-dimensional space his bedroom resided in—Aaliyah's explanation made his head ache, though Kyle was sure Britney would perfectly grasp the concept—and reentered regular space.

"Kyle!" his mom gasped.

Kyle flushed, realizing he was naked and his hands covered his cock. "Um, sorry, Mom."

She stood in a silk, blue robe and he couldn't help but admire the way it clung to her lush figure. His mom was the poster-woman of MILF's. His cock swelled, getting harder to hide behind his hands. He wanted to make love with her. He needed to. The next step in healing his sister demanded it. The Panacea needed to be attuned to his sister, drawing on the energy of the two people closest to Fatima—her brother and mother.

Only his mother had said no.

"I wasn't thinking."

"It's okay." Her dusky cheeks colored. "I've seen it before."

"I was just going to the bathroom."

She nodded, her eyes staring up at the ceiling.

"So, I should..."

"Yeah, I guess you should," she answered.

"Um, have you thought about ... it, Mom?"

"I have." She shifted. "I didn't sleep at all, to be honest. I'm just not sure ... it's so wrong, Kyle."

"It's for Fatima."

Her eyes flicked down for a second. "I ... I need more time to think." She pushed past him, heading back into her bedroom. "I'm ... I'm going for a walk."

"It's pouring down rain." He could hear it drumming on the roof."

"Good," she muttered. "I need to cool..." She flushed more, then disappeared into her bedroom. Kyle couldn't help but noticing the way her nipples pressed against her robe."

"Can I help you with that, Master?" Chyna purred from behind him, pressing her large breasts into his back.

"I just need to pee."

Her hand reached around him, finding his hard cock, her mouth sucked at his ear. "That's what I meant. You've never pissed in my mouth. I want you to."

"You're such a good slave," he whispered.

"I love you, Master."

"I love you," he answered. "You know it's not as deep as I feel for Aaliyah."

"I know. You love your wives more than us. We don't mind."

He turned, his hard cock brushing her naked stomach. Her lips were hungry as they kissed him. He ran his fingers through her dark-brown hair as her tongue darted into his mouth. He moaned, loving the taste of her.

She dropped to her knees, her heavy breasts sliding down his stomach, to grasp his dark brown cock in her dusky hands, stroking him to his full girth, then her mouth engulfed him. He groaned, leaning his left shoulder against the hallway wall as her tongue caressed the tip, her lips sucking. Her hazel eyes twinkled with eager delight.

He relaxed his bladder. That wonderful sensation of release poured out of him, straight into his concubine's mouth. He groaned, savoring the degradation of his concubine. And the fact she willingly drank his piss only made it hotter. Her throat worked as she swallowed his flood, moaning her satisfaction.

"Dirty whore," he groaned. "Drink my pee. Little slut!"

She swallowed harder, the tip of his cock itching with pleasure as he pissed in her hungry mouth. He loved the sound of her swallows, so wrong and obscene. This was true submission. It was so intoxicating. He would never need to piss in a toilet again. Not when he had a bedroom full of concubines that would be more than eager to demonstrate their love in such an intimate way.

His stream began to die out, until only a few spurts remained. She sucked every last drop out of him, then she bobbed her head. She had his piss, now she wanted his cum.

"That's it, slut!" he groaned, his pleasure churning.

Chyna was a grade A cocksucker. He gripped her dark-brown hair, falling loose about her shoulders than in her usual pigtails, and fucked her mouth. She moaned in joy, her arms wrapping around his waist to seize his buttocks, squeezing and kneading him, pulling him into her mouth.

"You want my cum, don't you, slut!"

She moaned a yes around his thrusting cock. He dove deeper, pressing down her throat. She didn't resist. She was a submissive, loving concubine. Her lips reached the base of his shaft, kissing the tangled mat of his pubic hair, his balls slapping her chin.

His fingers tightened in her hair as his balls boiled. His cum flooded her mouth. She moaned louder, her tongue swirling about his cock, swirling his cum around her mouth before she swallowed his salty load.

"Thank you for your cum and piss, Master," she smiled. She gave the tip of his cock a kiss.

"Thank you for loving me," he whispered, stroking her hair.

She smiled at him. "Don't worry about your mother. I saw her eyes. She'll come around."

"Will she?" he sighed.

"Have faith."

"In what?"

"Why lust, Master!"

Detective Donnar knocked on the door. He had been at home watching the playoffs when his phone had rang. One of the missing girls had just showed up at her home, though her mother didn't sound entirely pleased. He forced himself away from the close game. Twenty minutes later he was standing at the Stoddard residence.

Two women were shouting inside the house, muffled by the door.

He knocked again. Harder.

The door yanked open, a middle-aged man was there, his jowls ruddy. "Detective?" he blinked.

"Your wife called. Phillipa has turned up?"

"Yeah." Another loud yell echoed from upstairs.

"Is everything all right?"

"Phillipa is moving out," he answered. "Her mother is ... discussing it with her."

"Has she told you were she's been?"

"Her girlfriend's house."

"Did you know your daughter had a girlfriend?" Donnar couldn't remember any mention of Phillipa having a boyfriend or girlfriend.

"She didn't seem to have anyone she dated. She had band, really dedicated to playing the trombone, and her book club." Mr. Stoddard's eyes tightened; the Detective had informed Phillipa's parents some of the details of what really was going on in that club.

"So, who is this girlfriend?"

"She didn't say. She and her mother have been going at it since..." He shrugged. "I retreated downstairs and let them screech at each other. Safer that way."

Detective Donnar gave a snorting laugh. "Has your daughter ever disappeared like this before?"

"Never. She's a model student. Get's straight A's. I don't know what's gotten into her."

Feet thumped down the stairs and Phillipa appeared, a heavy suitcase clutched in one hand. She was a beautiful teen, her skin pale-olive, vaguely Asian, with those slanted eyes. Her mother, a middle-aged, oriental woman was behind her, shouting loudly and rapidly in Korean.

"I'm eighteen!" Phillipa snarled. "I can move out if I want to!"

"Your father and I worried sick about you. And you just want to leave. Where were you?"

"At my girlfriend's! And it's where I'm heading to."

Her mother seized her arm. "You will not. My daughter is no ... lesbian!"

"Well, I am! And Britney and I are getting married!"

"Britney?" the detective asked. "Britney Kingston?" How interesting. She's involved with Kyle's best friend.

Phillipa froze, gazing at the detective, then she looked at the ground. "Yes," she whispered.

"Can I ask you some questions? I'm Detective Donnar with the Pierce County Sheriff's department."

"I need to get to my girlfriend. She's expecting me." She didn't look up. Phillipa is neck deep in this mess.

"When was the last time you saw Rashawn Underhill?"

"Um, at school on Wednesday." She continued staring at her feet.

"And Lorrie Gore?"

"Same."

"Do you know where Christy Leonardson or Sable Purcell are?"

She shook her head. "I haven't seen them since, um, Wednesday."

"Where at?"

"The ... uh ... school."

"Have you ever been to Ms. Franklin's cabin?"

She looked up, making her eyes go wide, trying to look innocent. "She has a cabin?"

Phillipa was a terrible liar.

"Were you at the cabin?"

Her gaze dropped. "No." Her hand rubbed at her neck.

"Do you know what happened to your friends?"

"I heard."

"At your girlfriend's?"

She nodded. "I need to get going. She's waiting for me."

"And where were you Wednesday night?"

"I went over to my girlfriend's house after school. We never left her bedroom except to eat and, you know."

"And she can verify your story?"

She quickly nodded.

"Is Britney threatening you? Or Kyle Unmei?"

She flinched, then shook her head vigorously, her hand reaching up to rub at her neck, the hem of her sweater slipping down and revealing red marks on her wrists—restraint marks. "Britney would never do that. She loves me. Can I go?"

"Are you okay?" he asked her, reaching out to touch her red wrist.

She yanked her sweater sleeve back down. "I'm fine. Britney and I were just ... playing ... with handcuffs."

Teens are so wild these days. He pulled out a card. "If you think of any reason why your friends and Ms. Franklin could have been at the cabin, let me know."

She took the card, pushed past the Detective and headed out to her car, throwing the suitcase in the trunk. He watched her drive off, excitement churning inside him. Here was another connection with Kyle Unmei. That young man sat at the center of everything. His gut told him so. He almost had enough to get a search warrant for Kyle's house. He just needed those forensic reports on the shoe prints. One last piece of evidence to tie Kyle to the murder scene.

Slow and steady always wins the race.

Kyle found himself sitting on the couch, trying to watch the playoff game. Seattle was fighting to go to the Super Bowl, but that hardly seemed to matter right now. His mom had left on her walk hours ago. He had tried to call her, but she wasn't answering.

"She's fine," Aaliyah assured him for the hundredth time.

"She's been gone for hours," he muttered as his wife lay cuddled on his lap. They were in the living room, not his bedroom, and his concubines were scattered on the floor, cheering at the game. There were a surprising number of Seahawk fans among his women.

"You made your wish, my love. I'm aware of her. She is fine. I can summon her if you want."

"No," he sighed. "She needs time to think. But she is fine, right?"

Aaliyah gave him a patient smile. "She is. I bet she'll be—"

The front door opened. Kyle sat up, hope burning. "Boy it is really raining out there, Kyle," Britney called. His hopes crashed and burned. "I am not a fan of it."

Britney walked into the bedroom, wiping her glasses on the edge of her baggy sweatshirt, her dagger Waterclaw tucked into her sweatpants. Her normally bushy-brown hair was a sodden mess matted to her head and shoulders. Behind her, Phillipa tottered in, her hands clasped, looking down at the floor.

"Don't be shy," Kyle told her. "You're one of us now."

Phillipa gave him a shy smile. Then she saw Aaliyah. "I'm so sorry. We had to obey her. None of us joined up to ... do those things."

Aaliyah nodded her head. "Are you truly sorry?" His wife had her dark eyes fixed on the witch.

"With all my heart. It was terrible what we did." A tear ran down Phillipa's cheek.

"Then you are forgiven."

"We have a problem," Britney said, sitting on the couch next to him, water dripping off the end of her hair.

Aaliyah gave her a frown. "You're dripping water everywhere."

Britney blushed. "My apologies, Aaliyah."

"I wish Britney and Phillipa were dry to keep the house clean."

"Done."

Britney's hair was suddenly its normal, bushy self. Britney didn't even flinch. "Thank you, Aaliyah."

"So, what's the problem."

"Detective Donnar accosted Phillipa today. I do not think your interview on Friday went as well as you had hoped."

Kyle blinked. When he had spoken to the Detective at school on Friday, Kyle had thought it went great. Last night, he had chatted with Britney in a Google Hangout about the interview, catching her up on all that had happened while she had been cooped up with Phillipa. "No. It went fine. I'm sure of it. He never even accused me of anything."

"Well, he seemed quite interested in you. When he learned that Phillipa was dating me, he instantly brought your name up. He asked Phillipa where she was and, I suspect, he will be contacting me to verify her alibi."

"Fuck," Kyle muttered. "Other than Christy, how did they even connect the dots?"

"We must have missed some clue we left at the cabin. We did leave in a hurry and modern forensic techniques are not to be scoffed out."

"Great. One more thing to stress about."

"And have you had coitus with your mother yet?"

"Geez, Britney, you always find the way to take the fun out of anything. Even sex."

"So that is a no?"

Kyle sighed. "She's been on a walk for hours thinking."

"Perhaps you should make a wish. I am sure your wife can help smooth things out."

"Definitely. But Kyle has such modern notions of free will. I haven't fully corrupted him yet."

"That's the line," Kyle reminded his wife.

"Yes, yes. Being a man of principle is also a good thing," she smiled, leaning over to kiss him on the cheek.

Britney pulled a textbook from her backpack, opening it up.

"Really. The game is on."

"This is far more interesting."

Kyle turned back to the game. It was a close one. Normally, he'd be on the edge of his seat, his heart in his throat, but he could only think about Fatima, Fumi, and Christy. He wanted his wives back. All of them. He felt so helpless. He had finally seized some initiative, and he was back to waiting again. It's so damned frustrating.

Be patient, my love, Aaliyah whispered in his mind. You will not have long to wait.

He turned to Aaliyah. "What does that mean?"

"She's walking up to the house. My homunculi see her."

Kyle was on his feet, heading to the front door when it opened and there was his mom, wet and lovely. She wore her jogging outfit, purple sweats, a clear, vinyl poncho draped over her clothing. Her black hair was matted to her face, water running down the beauty of her face.

"Mom..." His heart beat faster. Hope burned.

She looked at him for a moment. And then, like some spring snapped inside her, she shot forward, her arms wrapping around his neck, pulling him to her. Her mouth was hot and spicy, her wet poncho pressed against him, soaking through his shirt as her lush body writhed against him. His cock was hard in an instant as he kissed her back. His mom was a great kisser.

He scooped her in his arms. She was light, her arm tight around his neck. She never stopped kissing him. His dad had been dead for five years and she had not been on a date or taken a lover in all those times. All her bottled up desires seemed to be burning out of her as his mother submitted to him. He heard his concubines and wife cheer as they headed upstairs for her bed.

He sat her down when they entered her room, pulling the drenched poncho off her. Even in baggy sweats, his mother was gorgeous—Fatima matured to full beauty. He grabbed the hem of her sweatshirt, pulling it up over her wet hair. Her breasts were heavy, trapped in a cream bra.

"This is so wrong," she whispered, reaching behind her to unclasp her bra, freeing her wonderful, large breasts, dusky and topped with fat, brown nipples.

"I don't care," Kyle groaned, leaning down and sucking one of her nipples into his lips. He had nursed on these as a child, and now he was nursing again. She moaned, cradling him.

"That's it. Love Mommy's tits. How I missed nursing you and your sister."

His hands slid down to shove the bottoms of her sweatpants off her hips, the loose material sliding to the floor, and he squeezed her panty-covered ass. She was plump and wonderful, groaning as he sucked and kneaded her. His fingers dipped into her panties, touching the bare flesh of his mother's ass.

"I need it," she groaned, pushing away from him. "I need a man so bad! I miss him, Kyle."

"I know," he whispered.

She touched his face. "You look so much like him. Just as handsome."

"And you're gorgeous, Mom!"

Their lips met again, her hands pushing beneath his short to run across the muscles of his stomach and chest, then she dipped down to his jeans, fumbling at the button, pushing inside his boxers to grip his hard cock, stroking him, her thumb running across the tip of his cock.

"Fuck me, Kyle," she moaned, pulling his cock out. "Fuck your naughty mother!"

He ripped off his shirt. "I'm going to, Mom."

She shuddered, falling down onto her bed, her lovely breasts jiggling, her lithe legs stretching. He pushed his boxers and pants down, his cock pointing ahead, straight at her pussy. He reached out, sliding down her lithe legs to her cream panties, pulling them down her legs. He could smell her tart arousal, similar to Fatima's musk but stronger. Her pussy was surrounded by a forest of silky-black hair, her pussy pink and inviting. He lowered his face, licking through his mother's slit, savoring the taste of her. He dived back in, exploring every part of her.

"Oh, Kyle! You've been practicing. So good!" Her thighs tightened about his cheeks as his tongue probed her deep hole, his nose nuzzling against her clit. Her body shook, her hands pulling his head tight against her pussy. "So good! It's been so long since anyone touched me down there! Oh, Kyle! Yes, yes, yes!"

Her hand shoved him tight against her pussy. Her hips bucked, smearing her tasty cunt across his lips. He drank the flood of her climax down, savoring every tart drop. He was smothered by her motherly love.

"Fuck me!" she moaned. "I need your cock! I need my son's big cock inside me! Mommy's been so horny! Give it to me!"

He rose up, his cock throbbing, and crawled up her body. He buried his face between her tits as her hips humped him, rubbing her hot pussy against his stomach. Her hands gripped his shoulders, pulling him up until his cock nudged her pussy lips. She kissed him, moaning into his lips as he reached down to guide himself into her hole.

He teased her pussy, then dove into her.

She was so hot and wet. And it struck him. He was born from her. This was his mother's pussy he was fucking. His hips pumped as they kissed, driving his cock in and out of the most taboo hole he could possibly fuck. His mother was hot and wonderful, her hips writhing, her cunt squeezing about him.

He was lost to the sensuality of her forbidden hole, matching her rhythm, moaning into her lips as they made love to each other. Her arms wrapped around him, hugging him with the fierce love of a mother. His hands roamed her body, sliding up her sides, squeezing her breasts, exploring her thighs. She was silky smooth and so hot beneath his touch.

"Kyle!" she gasped as her body quaked beneath him. Her pussy convulsed, milking his cock.

The Panacea! He had forgotten to grab the stone in his haste, so caught up in the eroticism of his mother. He tried to pull back, to fight off his release, but her pussy was milking his cock, her limbs holding him tight.

"Cum in me, Kyle!" she moaned. "Let Mommy feel your love!"

His balls tightened. His cock throbbed. His release was moments away.

I wish the Panacea was here so I can fix Fatima!

The Panacea's light flooded the room, painting their naked bodies with rainbow. The Panacea lay next to them. Kyle grabbed it, holding it to his mom. She grabbed it with her hand. He stared into his mother's eyes and exploded into the very pussy that had given birth to him.

"Yes!" she shuddered, another orgasm roiling through her. "That's it!"

The stone flared blindingly bright for a moment, and he could feel something change inside it. The Panacea was ready. He shoved it between their thighs, pressing the warm stone against her pussy and the shaft of his cock, letting it drink in their mix of cum and pussy juices.

He collapsed on his mom, nuzzling her neck.

"That was amazing," she whispered.

"It was," he agreed.

"This was the only time it'll ever happen," she whispered.

"I know." He stroked her face and kissed her lips. "I love you, Mom."

She smiled. "I love you, too."

Mount Asashi, Hokkaido, Japan

The sun had set hours ago by the time Fumi reached the hot spring. She was a Yuki-onna and the mountains of Hokkaido where no hindrance to her. She raced through the blizzard that had descended, holding her path with unerring direction. It was slow going slogging through the snow, but she was fueled by poor Ando's life force.

And Yukishoujo-no-onsen, the hot spring, beckoned to her. The higher she climbed the mountain, the stronger it pulsed in her mind, guiding her, drawing her. It was a place of power, and it wanted her to find it. The fear of her pursuer dropped away as the hope blossomed inside her.

I'm going to be with Kyle fully!

It was a small, green pool bubbling on a rocky shelf surrounded by snow. The waters seemed to glow faintly, lighting up the darkness. Steam danced on the surface and she could feel the heat from ten meters away. She stripped naked, carefully setting her clothes on the rocky shelf before slipping into the warm waters.

She relaxed in the hot water, letting it drain the ache out of her muscles as she floated on the steamy depths. Her hair fanned out as she drifted, staring up at the dark skies and watched the heavy snow fall down, landing on her naked body, the flakes melting on her lithe flesh.

A great desire stirred in her loins, hot and demanding. Her hand slid down to her pussy, lightly playing with her pussy lips. Her lust grew as she teased herself, running up and down her slit, growing wet with more than the spring's water.

It felt right to touch herself. She could almost feel something watching her. A kami, a divine spirit, inhabited the spring and a naughty thrill went through her. It wanted to watch her, and she burned to be watched. Her finger slowly entered her tight hole, setting off the nerves buried inside her.

"Aren't I beautiful?" she purred to the voyeuristic entity as she stirred her pleasure.

The warmth soaked through her, mixing with the pleasure her probing finger generated. Such wonderful bliss. Her other hand slid up, the water rippling around her, to grasp her small breasts, pinching her small-olive nipple. Cold snow landed on her breasts and face, kissing her. This is where she belonged. This is where her kind were from—the snowy mountains of Hokkaido.

But Kyle was where she wanted to be. Needed to be.

She pictured his handsome face, his skin light-brown, his dark eyes slanted like a Japanese man, his chin rugged and strong like a Middle-Eastern. His strong body pressed against her, his rough hands stroking her. She pushed a second finger into her pussy and a third, pretending his cock was inside her, pumping away, flashing back to that magical, dangerous night he had actually entered her.

"Kyle!" she moaned to the snowy night. "My love! I need him!"

Her orgasm built, churning inside her. Her body shuddered in the blissful water, the scent of lilies filling her nose—her pheromones. Her gasps grew shrill, her fingers pumping away with the same vigor Kyle had fucked her. She groaned his name as molten heat rushed through her, her muscles clenching as rapture flooded her entire body.

She spasmed one last time, her pleasure retreating, her breath coming in ragged gasp. She opened her eyes, smiling, bringing her damp fingers to her lips and tasting her delightful flavor.

Something touched her ass, caressing her. The watching kami of the hot spring whispered in her mind, My Yuki-onna...

South Hill, WA

The man who called himself Principal Burke pulled his cell phone out of his pocket, holding his red, leather whip between his arm and side. The lovely Mrs. Skinner gasped and moaned as she shuddered in the chains. She taught math at his school and her students included Kyle and Aaliyah. Her husband, who taught computer science, sat in the corner of his dungeon, blindfolded, listening to his wives pleas and cries while he blubbered for mercy. Two members of Burke's coven, Shadow and the Vicar, watched the sobbing couple.

Burke smiled at the caller ID and handed the whip to Shadow, the dark-skinned woman smiling as she took it, cracking it down on Mrs. Skinner's back. Burke climbed his stairs at a hurried pace, the phone ringing and ringing, shutting his basement door behind him before he answered it.

"Faiza," he said, slipping into the persona of Principal Burke.

"I was seeing if you still wanted to go out on a date."

A smile creased his lips. "Has something changed with your daughter?" There was something different about the woman. He could hear it in her voice.

"Maybe. There are some ... promising developments." Life danced in her voice; his cock hardened. He could not wait to get his hands on the woman. "Anyways, I'm free Monday night."

"It's a date," he smiled. "I'll pick you up, say, six?"

"That's fine." He loved the excitement in her voice. Kyle had power and Burke knew he would need some insurance.
Chapter 18 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author




Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 17 |   Bottom
Chapter 18: The Windy Bow
Posted: December 20, 2014 - 07:46:48 pm
Updated: December 22, 2014 - 07:42:08 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Fumi gasped as something caressed her ass as she floated in the Yukishojou-no-onsen, the hot spring Niqualmie—a spirit that dwelt on Mount Rainier—had told Fumi to visit. The moment she had floated out into the steaming water and stared up at the snowy, night sky, she had felt a kami, a divine spirit embodying the spring, watching her. She felt compelled to masturbate and her screaming orgasm seemed to have summoned it.

The kami explored her ass with a thick, fleshy appendage, sliding around, probing between her butt-cheeks with agility. It wiggled and bent, soft, not bones. It pressed between her cheeks, teasing her asshole, pleasure coursing through her. Another appendage wrapped around her side and chest, sliding around her breasts. It was a tentacle made of the spring water, leaving wet warmth behind as it slithered around her breasts, squeezing them, reaching the tops of her breasts to latch onto her nipple and suck.

"Oh, yes!" she moaned, giving into the kami's tentacles. How very etchi. Kenji loved these type of Hentai.

More tentacles wrapped her body, sliding about her flesh, teasing her body. One wrapped around her throat, caressing her cheeks, before wiggling into her mouth. She sucked, the tentacle fucking her like a cock. She was completely at this kami's mercy.

Fumi loved it.

She moaned around the tentacle fucking her mouth. The one teasing her asshole pushed against her sphincter, wiggling into her tight passage, pressing deep into her bowels. Wonderful! Take me! I'll give up my entire body to your pleasure to be with Kyle.

The tentacle pumped in her ass, stabbing deep and wiggling inside her. She had never felt anything like it before. Her nerves burned, shooting pleasure through her. She writhed and splashed on the water's surface. A second tentacle latched onto her other nipple, sucking hard, stretching her flesh.

Fuck me! Take me! I'm yours! I need it! Give me more! I want to cum so bad!

She was lifted out of the water, borne by the tentacles into the snowy night air. A breeze blew across her, drying her flesh. She didn't feel the cold, a great heat burned inside her. Small tentacles grasped her ankles, spreading her thighs apart.

Yes! Do it! Fuck me!

A wet tentacle caressed her pussy, sliding up and down her labia, smearing her copious juices about as it teased her. She humped her hips, her legs straining against the tentacles restraining her as her body quivered in anticipation.

Fuck me! Please! Take your pleasure and give me Kyle!

A tiny tentacle teased her clitoris as the larger one nuzzled her labia. It wrapped around her small bud, gently squeezing, coaxing more pleasure out of her body. She moaned and panted as pleasure suffused every corner of her body, bringing her closer and closer to her climax.

The tentacle penetrated her pussy.

Yes!

She screamed around the tentacle fucking her mouth. Such rapture filled her. The two tentacles fucking her pussy and ass worked in tandem, driving in together, pressing against her sensitive flesh. The one in her pussy sparked off every nerve in her pussy as it wiggled and twisted about inside her, pressing on her G-spot. Her entire body tensed, her muscles fighting the tentacles restraining her as her climax hurtled towards her.

Her climax erupted through her, bathing the kami in her passion. Her holes squeezed down on the probing tentacles. Kyle's face floated in her mind as those wonderful tentacles carried her to plateaus of pleasure she never thought were possible to reach. The rapture buffered her core like the great winds of a hurricane, stripping away everything but her pleasure and the feel of the kami violating her body with its primal hunger.

DO YOU REALLY WANT HIM? The kami's words vibrated through her body, communicated by the tentacles. Another orgasm crashed through her.

Yes! I would give anything to be with him!

FUMI, YOU HAVE ALWAYS BEEN TOO EASILY BLINDED BY LUST! IT HAS LED YOU TIME AND AGAIN INTO HEARTBREAK!

Guilt touched her as she remembered Kenji and Shiro, the two men she thought had been her one and who died in her embrace. She never wanted that again. She wanted to hold Kyle and not harm him. I love him! I'll give anything to be with him!

THEN YOU SHALL HAVE HIM!

All the tentacles erupted. Thick cum shot into her mouth, bitter and thick, coating her mouth and throat as she swallowed. More flooded her ass and pussy, her hungry body devouring the cum, drinking in the entity's power. A climax contracted through Fumi, her stomach clenching and her eyes squeezed closed. Something was different inside her. A change to her hunger. The memory of Kyle's cum shooting into her mouth flooded her mind. But he no longer tasted bitter.

He tasted sweet.

He's the one for me now!

Water engulfed her. The entity's tentacles withdrawing. She floated on the hot spring's surface, joy singing inside her. She opened her eyes.

And saw nothing.

The Ifrit huddled against the tree, sitting in a muddy puddle that boiled about her feet. The tree groaned and creaked as the blizzard hammered it's branches, fir limbs falling to the snowy ground. It was impossible to see more than a few feet, the sudden blizzard whitening everything, hurtling snow at Zaritha's aura of heat. The snow hissed and sputtered, steaming as it melted against her passion.

She ground her teeth. The storm wasn't natural. Some entity had summoned it, attacking her. The power behind the storm was immense, far more than that little bitch Fumi could summon. Whatever task she had on this mountain involved this powerful spirit, and the entity was protecting her, assaulting Zaritha with the elements of water and air.

The slave bracers on her wrists burned. She was so close to the little bitch. She almost had her when the entity intervened. And the bracers knew it, compelling her to complete the task her master, the sadistic Principal Burke, had commanded her. Her fingers flexed, wishing she could rip out the dark sorcerer's throat and bathe in his blood.

But he was human, despite his powers, and even if she didn't have the bracers, she could not directly harm him. But Fumi wasn't human. She was some sort of succubus, some local variety that Zaritha had never encountered, and the Ifrit was looking forward to venting her frustration out on the bitch's hide.

A great, rumbling wave rolled through the air. Zaritha shuddered. Power had just been unleashed. The wind died. The snow abetted to a light fall, the trees stopped groaning. The Ifrit smiled, standing fully up and strode forward, the banks of snow melting before her, exposing muddy ground, steam billowing around her legs. She could feel where the power emanated and marched in that direction.

She was going to make Fumi howl.

Fumi floundered to the edge of the hot spring, reaching out with her fingers. Fear hammered through her. She couldn't see. She fought down her panic as she touched the wet rocks. She had completely lost her bearings as the kami had fucked her, and she struggled to remember where she had left her clothes and her bow.

"How am I going to find my way off the mountain?" she whispered to herself, half-hoping the kami would answer her.

The spirit of the hot spring was silent.

"Keep calm, Fumi. You said you would pay any price to be with Kyle. It is going to be worth it."

She conjured his handsome face, clutching at the image in her mind. Tears almost came. She would never see him again. His muscular body, his dusky-brown skin, those warm eyes. But I'll have him! It's worth it.

She focused on her lover, her panic calming. She crossed half the world and marched through the snowy night all to be with him. She was halfway to her goal. She couldn't let a little thing like loosing her eyesight distract her from reaching her dream. She was going to be strong. She was adaptable. She would find a way out of the mountains. The wind was at her back on the way up, it'll be in her face on the way back.

"I can do this."

She slowly crawled along the edge of the hot spring, sweeping her fingers across the stone, ignoring the rough bite on her knees. She had left her clothes in parts of the stone where the hot springs warmth kept the snow melted. She just had to keep the hot spring on her left and she'd find it. And her clothes were right by the path.

Slow and careful.

Her hands had become her eyes, feeling around textures of the rock, brushing moss and lichen, dipping onto loamy soil, brushing the lapping waters of the hot spring. Sweep. Crawl. Sweep. Over and over. It was almost zen-like, the same repetitions she would lose herself with her archery. Pull. Aim. Release. Sweep. Crawl. Sweep.

Her fingers brushed clothes, smooth and pillowy—the down of her jacket. She crawled forward, hands sweeping around the smooth fabric, brushing the rougher weave of her sweater. She pulled it to her and something wooden scraped on the stone.

Windfeather.

She touched the magical yumi, a type of bow with an asymmetrical grip; she had practiced with them with since elementary school. The wood was smooth in her hand and she could feel the air whispering to her. She gripped it and sensations overwhelmed her.

Fumi cried out, her thoughts bombarded with information, painting green across her mind's eye, rippling and wavering, almost forming something coherent. The green swirled about her in eddies and ripples, like water flowing around an obstruction and painting the solid objects in green. Thick pillars surrounded her and large lumps rose to her right.

She held out her arm, a void moved in her mind's eye, the green swirling about it as the wind blew across her arm. Windfeather gave her command of the air. And she could see the wind, witness it's path, and see where it could not touch. The pillars were trees, creaking as the wind rushed through the branches.

Fumi smiled, standing up. It was so alien from sight. She could hardly make out what she was sensing. But she was learning. She walked across the ground, watching the green eddy around divots and small rocks or roots. Her pace was slow, but her confidence grew. She turned, sensing the air rippling above the hot spring, the air acting slightly different there than on the ground, roiling as the spring's heat caused strred the air.

She laughed, a sound of pure joy as cold snow fell around her naked body. Kyle's gift would guide her back to him. Fate was on her side, wishing that the young Yuki-onna would find happiness in Kyle's strong arms.

A void moved, the figure of a person outlined by rippling eddies. The air roiled about this figure more violence than it did over the hot spring. Fumi paused, cocking her head, trying to make sense of this new pattern. It was like the figure was exuding some great heat.

"Hello," she called, frowning.

The figure stopped moving, but the air still roiled about it. Was it a person? Why weren't they answering. Fumi grew tense, wiggling her toes in the cold snow, then slipping into her archery stance. Maybe it was a beast.

"Is someone there?"

Or a spirit. A kami, like the one that had taken her sight in payment. That could explain the air roiling about it. Maybe she was sensing into the spiritual world.

"You can't see?" a woman's voice asked in English, her voice rich and throaty. The figure shifted. "Your eyes are all white. Did the entity take your sight in payment, Fumi?"

Fumi went still as a calm day, the dream she had on the plane flashing through her. She had been blind and been hunted upon a snowy mountain slope. "You are the one that enchanted Ando."

"Was that his name? Such a waste. If I knew you were a succubus, I would have killed you myself instead of wasting so much time with him."

"I'm a Yuki-onna," Fumi corrected, lifting her bow and aiming at the figure. "Who are you?"

"You seem to be missing your quiver with all your arrows," the woman purred, no fear in her voice. "You can call me Zaritha." The figure raised her hands, the air boiling between them like she was creating a ball of turbulent energy.

Fumi reacted without thought, drawing back the bowstring, Windfeather creating an arrow of green air, and released. It sped true. Zaritha hurled the ball of energy and it met the arrow. Searing wind exploded, whipping past Fumi and painting the area in clear greens in Fumi's mind. Zaritha was tall and willowy, dressed in light clothing, her arms bare save for metal bracelets about her wrist. She could even see the surprise on the woman's face before the intense wind died.

"Lucky shot," Zaritha muttered.

Fumi was already drawing her second arrow and releasing in one smooth motion. She could see it's rippling wake as it knifed through the air. Zaritha dived to the right. Fumi tracked her and fired a third arrow. She didn't have to waste time pulling out a new arrow and knocking it, she merely had to draw back her bowstring.

Zaritha screamed as the third arrow caught her in the shoulder as she dove, spinning the woman about and she crashed into the ground behind a thick tree. Fumi drew a fourth time, aiming at the tree. A strong gust whipped by, providing Fumi with a clear vision of the terrain.

"You little bitch!" hissed the Ifrit. "How did you do that? You can't see."

"I can see as clear as an eagle," Fumi bluffed.

A dark shape peaked out of the tree. She released. The shape pulled back, her arrow whizzing by, Zaritha cursing. "Is it the bow? It's a Sil'at weapon. I can smell the stink of those cowardly whores about it. You can see the wind."

Fumi didn't answer. Zaritha was stalling. She fired another arrow, aimed at the base of the tree. This one was different. When it struck, a great wind exploded. Branches snapped and cracked, torn free of the tree as the hurricane force winds erupted. Her attacker gasped, hurtled from behind the tree. Fumi was ready, tracking Zaritha's tumbling body, and fired.

Zaritha stopped being a solid form and became roiling air whirling like a mini-tornado, consuming Fumi's arrow. Fumi could feel the heat. She's transformed into flames. The whirlwind of fire zipped across the sky and slammed into the snow in an explosion of flames, the heat distorting the air. Fumi peered into the disturbance, trying to see past heat-warped air. Fire crackled and sap popped, flames dancing on the nearby pine trees.

She's camouflaging herself with the fire. Fumi's eyes widened and she followed her instincts, diving towards the snow, clutching hard to Windfeather. She couldn't lose the bow. Boiling air hurtled out of the disturbance straight towards her. She landed in cool snow, her skin burning as the fireball hissed over her, missing her by centimeters. She screamed, her back aching like she had spilled boiling water, the fireball may have missed, but it's heat had burned her as it passed over. Fire erupted, a pine tree roaring and popping as Zaritha's greedy fire consumed it.

Fumi rolled on to her back, the snow cool on her burning back, and fired an arrow into the flames, a great wind blowing the heat away and snuffing out the flames. The wind streaked out, illuminating the landscape and—

Zaritha was to her right. She had moved. Air roiled towards her, fire burning, and Fumi scrambled to her feet. Pain consumed her right leg, the air sizzling. She stepped on her leg, it folded beneath her and she crashed to the snow. The pain was intense. It was hard to think. Her entire right side felt seared and she could smell her flesh burning. She rolled in the snow, sobbing.

Zaritha laughed, gathering another blast in her upheld hand.

I can't die like this. Not when I can be with Kyle! She couldn't run, but that didn't mean she couldn't fight. She grit her teeth, ignoring the agony consuming her body. She drew her bow only half-way and tried to aim.

"You should see yourself," Zaritha taunted. "I'm doing you a favor. You'd be a scarred, hideous thing if you live. That's not good for a succubus."

She released the arrow. It went wide.

"You missed," snorted the woman, stepping closer, the air roiling faster in her hand, her fireball growing hotter.

She reached out to the wind through her bow.

The wind caught her arrow, turning it, guiding it around behind the woman, streaking for Zaritha's back. The arrow speeding up, hurtling like a missile. Zaritha let out another cackle, raising up her hand to deliver the final blast.

Her hand snapped down. The arrow struck her in the back. Zaritha screamed, her throw jarred, the fireball streaking over Fumi's face. The heat seared across her body, her skin crisping. Fumi's howls joined her attackers.

"You fucking bitch!" coughed Zaritha, falling to her knees, her voice thick and liquid. "I'll tear your heart out."

Zaritha rose up. The arrow in the back wasn't enough. Pain consumed all of Fumi's body. She couldn't fight it. Her body wanted to surrender to the agony, her consciousness swam. "I'm getting ... back to ... Kyle!" she hissed.

She fired one last arrow.

Zaritha moved her arms to block it. The arrow clanged on metal, a powerful ringing filled the air. Something heavy fell off Zaritha's wrist into the snow. The Ifrit froze, and then a bubbling laugh escaped her lips.

"You freed me." Joy rang in Zaritha's voice.

Zaritha tore the other bracer off, dropping it on the snow beside the first one. Fumi fought with consciousness, holding her bow, trying to get the strength to draw another arrow and finish off the woman.

"He is going to pay," growled the woman. She flashed into fire and hurtled off into the air.

Fumi collapsed back into the snow, confusion warring with the pain. She didn't understand her reprieve. The wind howled and trees crackled as they burned. She had somehow driven the woman off, but agony consumed her. She had won, but it didn't matter. Her body was too burned.

"I can't die," she hissed. "Kyle ... waits..."

Summoning his face, she crawled through the snow, her bow clutched in one hand, her mind fighting to stay conscious. There was only once chance. One hope. The kami. She dragged herself through the cool snow, meter-by-meter. She wasn't going to quit. She wasn't going to give up.

Her fingers touched bare rock. She was close. She gripped a crevasse, pulling herself forward, her tender breasts and stomach screaming as she slid across the uneven surface and splashed into the springs water.

Darkness took her.

Even formed of fire, Zaritha was wracked by pain. She could somehow still feel the arrows embedded in her body, spilling out her blood. She did not know how the little bitch had shot her in the back. None of that mattered.

"I am free!"

All the pain was worth it. She would take a hundred arrows to not serve that sadistic bastard.

She soared across Hokkaido, her wounded body drawn to the immense heat burning in its core. She needed fire. She raced up to the slope, the air thinning, the temperature dropping. She reached the caldera and dove down a steam vent, working her way deeper and deeper into the volcano until she found the magma chamber and buried herself into the burning rocks, drinking in the fire.

Her pain fading as her body healed, she began to plot her revenge on Principal Burke.

The Spirit Realm

Christy reached the end of the rainbow path.

"Why do you put yourself through this?" Kyle asked.

She froze. Her husband stood on the edge of the rainbow path, standing crisp against the wavering, dream terrain of the spirit world. His face was hard, his angular eyes boring at her, a sneer curling his lips.

"Do you think I'll take you back after what you did?"

Even knowing it wasn't Kyle, the words still stung the teen. "I'm not listening to you, Erinyes."

"It doesn't make my words any less true. Your sins can never be washed clean. Ishtar will not forgive your stained soul."

Those same fears gnawed at her heart. She pushed a curl of brown hair off her cheek, and gave Hecate's vengeful daughter a fixed look. The spiteful spirit hunted Christy for breaking her oaths to the coven. But so long as she was on the rainbow path, Ishtar protected her. "I have to have hope. Unless you think I'll just walk off the path and let you kill me."

"Hecate can always take you back."

"I don't want to go back."

"Even if she can give you Kyle."

Her heart almost froze. She wanted Kyle so bad. But she didn't deserve him. Not after she sold Aaliyah to the coven. I should have just shared him. I would have been happy. Aaliyah wasn't so bad. And she knew how to lick pussy. We could have had a lot of fun together. Loved each other.

"The only way she could give me Kyle is by controlling him."

"And?" The fake-Kyle cocked his head, puzzlement creasing his brow.

Christy wasn't going to make that mistake again.

"It doesn't matter. I am putting my trust with Iris and Ishtar."

"And I'll be waiting out here. When she rejects you, we'll have such a lovely conversation."

Christy looked at the end of the rainbow path and the shimmering curtain of light. Her body trembled, fear rooting her in place. If Ishtar didn't accept her, she would be at Erinyes's mercy. Death would be far better. But she couldn't go back to Hecate. Serving the goddess had been the wrong decision once and it had cost her everything.

She stepped through the curtain of light and entered Ishtar's realm.

Lush plants dangled from terraces, curtaining stone walls with green, flowering veins. Water fell from the terraces to pools dotted with flowering lotuses. The air was warm, a light mist cooling her skin, carried by a perfumed breeze. A sweet song ghosted on the breeze, summoning Christy through the hanging gardens.

Christy followed, pushing past hanging trellis, flowering vines caressing her face as she moved deeper and deeper through the garden. Her fear retreated with every verdant brush. What could harm her in this place? She only heard warmth and love in the song. The further into the gardens she ventured, the more beautiful and lush it grew until the stone was almost choked by the vibrant, flowering plants. A rainbow of flowers surrounded her, the colors more vibrant and saturated than anything found in the real world.

The song led her to a still pool, the waters cerulean and colorful koi swam in the depths. Lilies and lotuses dotted the tranquil surface. In the middle stood a woman, the water up to her waist, her breasts lush and full, white milk trickling from her fat, dark-red nipples. Her face was beautiful, perfect, her eyes a deep, warm brown.

"Mother," Iris greeted, the spirit dancing across the waters, her youthful figure the color of rainbows.

"You have guided her to me," purred the Goddess Ishtar. "Well done, my beloved daughter."

Iris giggled, reaching her mother and bending down to latch onto her milk-laden breast, sucking loud, cooing in delight. Christy's mouth grew dry as she ached to satisfy her sudden thirst on the Goddess's heavenly substance. Ishtar smiled at her, soft and motherly, and beckoned to her.

Christy stepped into the shallow water. The mud at the bottom of the pool was thick, her feet sinking up to her ankles in the muck. She grunted, taking a step forward, her foot sinking almost to her knee on the next step. She struggled, barely pulling her foot out, and took another step. Her foot sank even deeper into the thick, warm mud.

"What? What's going on?"

"Why are you here?" Ishtar asked her.

"To be free of Hecate."

"That is not why you are here," the Goddess objected. "She is merely a consequence. Why are you here?"

"I don't understand." Christy ripped her leg out, stepping forward, reaching the middle of the pool. She sank to her waist, her head barely above the water. Fear burned inside her.

"Why are you here?"

Christy struggled to think, struggled to move. The mud was so thick, sucking down at her body. She craned her neck back, trying to keep her mouth and nose above the water. "I told you, to be free of Hecate."

Ishtar's expression grew sad; Christy sank a little bit more. She fought to keep her mouth above the water, her arms flailing, splashing the water. If I'm not here to be free of Hecate, then why am I here? Hecate is merely the consequence. The consequence of what? I need Ishtar because I betrayed the Hecate and she is sending Erinyes to kill me? I betrayed Hecate because I was consumed with guilt. I loved Kyle and I hurt him so bad.

"Forgiveness," Christy shouted. "I'm here for forgiveness."

What are you doing, Christy? Aaliyah's words echoed in her mind. The stunned and hurt look on Aaliyah's dusk face was burned into Christy's memories.

I knew they were going to kill her, deep down inside, but I let myself believe they were merely going to drain her of her powers. I lied to myself. I sent an innocent woman to her death just so I could have Kyle all to myself.

The guilt filled her fully.

And more memories filled her, every bad thing she had ever done in her life. Swearing her soul to Hecate, cheating on her school work, lying to her parents, stealing makeup from a department store, bullying her younger brother until he would cry, all the little hurts she had inflicted on others with a careless word.

"Please, forgive me?" she sobbed.

"Why should I forgive you?" Ishtar asked. "You have been sorry before, but that did not stop you from doing worse acts."

"I'll be a better person. I promise!"

"And will that stop you from causing petty harms again? I can see it all. Hurt still festers inside your younger brother for how you treated him as a child. Rachel had to change schools after you and your friends bullied her in the seventh grade. She often cries herself to sleep. You claim to love Kyle, and yet you crushed his heart in your jealous hands. Will you never harm another? Can you actually promise that?"

It was an impossible promise. "I'm a good person though! I really am. I made some mistakes, but so does everyone."

"A good person does not send an innocent being to her death just so she can have a man!" Such anger burned in Ishtar's voice. Christy sank deeper into the mud. She craned her neck, just keeping her nose and lips above the water. The water lapped over her mouth and nose, and she coughed and spluttered as she tried to breath. "Why should you be forgiven, Christy Leonardson?"

Why should I be forgiven? The look of betrayed fear in Aaliyah's eyes burned in her mind. Aaliyah had loved her, accepted her, and trusted her. How can I ever be forgiven for such a crime?

"I shouldn't," Christy whispered. "I sent Aaliyah to her death. I don't deserve to be forgiven!"

Her words hung in the air, echoing through the gardens. I don't deserve to be forgiven. She closed her eyes and prepared herself to be pulled beneath the waters.

"I forgive you, anyways" Ishtar whispered.

The mud released her. Christy kicked her legs, paddled her arms, and pulled herself out of the muck to stand in the waist deep water, the bottom suddenly as firm as hard dirt. Ishtar's warm, motherly smile was back, and she beckoned to Christy.

Tears streaming down her face, the teen walked through the water, cleansed by its purity. I did the most horrible thing in the world and she forgave me.

"Forgiveness can never be earned. It can never be bought or bargained for." Ishtar's arm wrapped around the teen, bringing her lips to the Goddess's milk-heavy tit. "Forgiveness can only be given. It is a gift."

"Thank you." Tears still falling, Christy engulfed Ishtar's dark-red nipple and tasted the Goddess's sweet milk. It was rich and smooth, filling her mouth with ambrosia. Her cheeks hallowed as she sucked harder, greedy for the wonderful liquid. She could feel something inside her, a dark shadow, the traces of Hecate on her soul, driven back by the purity of her new Goddess's milk.

"Drink deep," purred the Goddess. "You are one of mine now. Hecate cannot touch you without contending with me."

Hands touched Christy's legs, soft and gentle, spreading her thighs apart. An eager face pressed against her pussy beneath the pure waters, a tongue probing the teen's folds. Christy moaned around the Goddess's nipple, still nursing, as Iris licked and nuzzled at her pussy. Pleasure stirred inside Christy, joining the warmth of Ishtar's motherly gift.

The teen let her hands explore the Goddess's lush body as Iris sucked harder at her pussy, the rainbow spirit's deft tongue probing deep into her hole, brushing all those wonderful nerves. Christy found Ishtar's other, heavy breast, rolling her nipple and coating her hands in the Goddess's sweet milk.

"That's it," purred the Goddess, stroking Christy's brunette locks. "Let yourself be pleasured. You have earned this moment of peace. Your road shall be hard, but you shall receive such happiness at the end of it."

Christy moaned around Ishtar's nipple, swallowing another mouthful of sweet, divine milk. Iris's tongue slipped between her asscheeks, the spirit probing Christy's asshole as her fingers plunged deep into the teen's pussy. A spasm ran through the teen, her pleasures mounting.

She was going to cum.

"That's it. Let yourself go. Give yourself over to Iris's pleasure."

Christy obeyed her new Goddess. Her pussy spasmed about Iris's probing fingers, and her asscheeks clenched about the spirit's face. Her body writhed as wave after wave of rapture rolled through her. Her lips sucked harder, milk squirting into her hungry mouth, dribbling down her chin to her small breasts. She rode her climax into ecstasy, and then slowly came back down, her body suffused with bliss, the Goddess's gentle hands stroking her hair and back.

She released the nipple, licking her lips to get every drop of the Goddess's gift. "Thank you, Ishtar."

"You are most welcome." The Goddess smiled, and leaned down and kissed her on the lips. It was an amazing kiss. Only one of Kyle's made her heart beat faster.

Ishtar had forgiven her, but would Kyle? She doubted it.

"Iris will guide you back."

"My pleasure," the rainbow spirit smiled, pressing her nubile body up against Christy.

"You may receive one boon from my daughter. She will stay with you until you use it."

Iris gasped, then hugged Christy tight. "How wonderful."

"Do not give into despair. Kyle will need you before this is all over."

Hope beat in Christy's breast as she walked the rainbow path out of the Spirit Realm back to the real world. Erinyes glowered, still in Kyle's form, but the teen had no fear of Hecate's daughter now. She had been washed clean of the foul Goddess.

Mount Asashi, Hokkaido, Japan

Fumi drifted on the cusp of death, her body burning and cold at the same time. She had no energy, was barely even conscious. The only thing keeping her badly wounded body going was the copious seed the kami had pumped into her right before her duel with Zaritha. And every moment she felt herself slipping farther and farther down into the darkness.

She clung to the only thing that mattered to her—Kyle.

His image was in her mind, her will to live clutched at his fingers, straining to hold on as she slipped centimeter by centimeter. Someone was bound to visit the hot spring and find her, get her to help. She just had to hold on to Kyle a little longer.

She felt a presence nearby. Snow crunched and warm, strong fingers grasped her body. "Kyle," she moaned, barely more than a whisper. Somehow, he had come for her, found her upon the slopes of Mount Asashi. She was lifted, her naked, wet body draped across a warm back. Her shivering form drank that warmth.

She was being saved. "Thank you, Kyle."

"I'm not Kyle," Kyle answered.

"I love you," Fumi murmured. "I love you..." Relaxing her grip, she drifted off into unconsciousness.

Warmth wrapped her. Rough blankets covered her and she lay on a lumpy mattress. Confusion wracked Fumi. She wanted to ask where she was, but she didn't have the strength. A salty-bitter scent tickled her nose—cum.

Something settled on her face. Wet and soft, a spicy musk filled her nose, mixed with the scent of cum. Her Yuki-onna instincts kicked in and she opened her mouth. Wonderful, warm cum dripped into her lips, mixed with that spicy musk. Her tongue licked out, nuzzling through the a spongy, warm material, finding more cum in the hot depths.

Her body absorbed the energy. It was weak, not fresh from the source, but she could feel it nourishing her body, healing her burns. She drifted back off to sleep.

South Hill, Washington

Kyle and his harem piled into Shannon's expanded SUV, an excited energy in the air. Fatima's two concubines, Kayleah and Ann, were clutching each other, hopeful looks in their eyes. Kyle clutched the powered up Panacea in his hand, rainbow light shining color around the inside of the SUV. His mom was inside the house and Kyle still felt the blissful rush of endorphins from their love making.

He was trembling with excitement as Shannon backed the SUV out of the driveway. Aaliyah was clutched against him, a smile filling her dusky face. "This is going to work," she reassured him. "We're going to get our wife back."

Kyle nodded. Finally, he was going to put something right. After he healed Fatima, he was going to track down Fumi. She had called once when she reached Hokkaido, excited that she was on the trail of some magic that would allow them to be intimate without Fumi stealing his essence.

And then he would find Christy. He was going to tell her she was forgiven and he hoped she would come back to him. She had made a mistake, but she had fixed it and helped save Aaliyah. Once he had his wives together, they could deal with the detective and his suspicions.

Then everything would be back together.

"I don't want to be disturbed while we're in the hospital," Kyle said.

"I can cast a spell," Phillipa, Britney's mate and a witch, suggested. She was cuddled on Britney's lap, his best friend looking quite happy as she nuzzled at Phillipa's neck. "That's okay, right?"

"Yes it is," Britney purred, nipping at her flesh.

"I can keep anyone out, too," Aaliyah pouted. "Kyle just has to make the wish. This is Harem business."

"Oh, okay," Phillipa shrank. "I was just trying to be helpful."

Aaliyah sighed. "I'm sorry. Why don't we both do it. No point in taking chances."

"No point," Kyle agreed.

He glanced out the window, watching the stores pass by on Meridian. It would only be ten minutes before they arrived. "Aaliyah, I wish that we can safely drive faster so I can reach my wife sooner."

"Nicely put," Aaliyah smiled. "Done. We'll be there in two minutes."

Mount Shasta, California

Tourmaline shivered as she huddled on the wintry slopes of Mount Shasta. For days she had been been staking out the cave where Amber's trail had ended. The traitor had disappeared into the spirit realm and Tourmaline did not possess the skill to follow. Her new master, Principal Burke, had sent her after the treasonous bitch. Because of Amber's betrayal, the coven were dead or captured and Tourmaline couldn't wait to inflict her revenge.

"Why does it have to be so damned cold where you ran to," she groaned, her breath frosting the air. She rubbed her tanned cheeks, trying to work some warmth into them. Her heating spell was fading and she would have to cast it again. "Come on, Amber, finish up in there."

"She will be out soon," a voice hissed.

Tourmaline jumped, looking around. A disturbance crawled through the snowy brush towards her composed of rippling air, like a dancing mirage. The form resembled a giant spider and it crept towards her. Tourmaline's heart caught in her throat, fear immobilizing her.

"Wh-what can I do for you, Erinyes?" Why is she here? I haven't betrayed Hecate.

"You hunt Christy?"

"Yeah, I hunt Amber. My Master sent me to kill her. He feared she would somehow elude your justice." Is that why she's here? Is the spirit offended that I pursued her quarry?

"You will not prevail."

Tourmaline frowned. "I have a stronger aura than Amber. I admit it's not much stronger, and I will have the element of surprise. I will strike her dead before she even knows I'm here."

"She has Ishtar's favor now," Erinyes spat; Tourmaline could feel the anger radiating off the spirit. "Ishtar's daughter travels with her. I cannot touch her directly."

"I see. Which daughter?"

"Iris. But, I can aide you. Your Master has Hecate's favor."

"I welcome your help," Tourmaline carefully answered. "Together, we'll cut out her pretty heart and avenge my fallen sisters."

"But death is far too good for her," cackled Erinyes. "She needs to be humiliated. She needs time to absorb the cost of betraying Hecate."

A smile split Tourmaline's tan lips. "How?"

"Did you know an Incubus is imprisoned nearby."

An Elemental of Love twisted by lust. Tourmaline's smile grew into a pleased smirk. "I think that would be perfect. I do have some skill in trapping and controlling elementals."
Chapter 19 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 18 |   Bottom
Chapter 19: The Cure for the Sister
Posted: December 23, 2014 - 10:55:44 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

The Detective was following them. None of the others in the SUV had noticed the unmarked, maroon vehicle trailing two cars back, but Britney had. Rakshasa always had sharp senses, and she had to be on alert, ready for any threat to Kyle.

Kyle, his wife, and their concubines were full of excitement, staring at the Panacea clutched in his hands. Britney was glad that the cure for Fatima was at hand. The feisty, young woman had handled herself well in the fight against Ms. Franklin, and she would be a great ally if Britney's fears were realized.

"What's wrong?" Phillipa, her mate, asked, snuggling up against Britney.

"We are being followed by the Detective," Britney answered, stroking her light-olive face.

"I didn't like him. He's suspicious. He knew I was lying."

"He is a detective. They are paid to suspect everyone." Britney feared they had missed something at the cabin, some clue that had tied them to the dead witches. "I will speak to him when we reach the hospital. Make sure he understands to leave you alone."

"Thank you," Phillipa smiled. "Nothing bad's gonna happen, right? We didn't leave anything behind."

"He might suspect, but as long as he never gets his hands on the weapons, he will have no physical evidence to directly tie us to their deaths."

A sad smile flitted across her mate's face—Ms. Franklin, Karrie, Lorrie, and Rashawn had been her friends. Phillipa may not have chosen wisely, but Britney could understand the loss she felt, and hugged her tight, giving her a kiss on the forehead.

The SUV, enhanced to be quite spacious inside by Aaliyah, pulled into the circular driveway in front of the new entrance to Good Sam. Shannon parked it, and every one began piling out. The maroon car stopped on the other side of the circle; Britney could feel the Detective's eyes upon her.

"Let's go save Mistress," Ann smiled, dancing about. She was one of Fatima's two concubines, a Freshman with strawberry-blonde hair and a quick smile.

"I need to attend to something, Kyle," Britney said.

"What?"

"The Detective followed us. You go and fix your sister-wife."

Phillipa gave her hand a squeeze, then Britney strode across the parking lot, the wind gusting, blowing the mane of her curly-brown hair into her face. Britney pushed it away. She had never much cared about the bushy mass of her hair. Or her clothes, preferring the comfort of loose sweats to the discomfort of looking attractive.

The Detective slid out of his car, a friendly smile on his wrinkled face, but his brown eyes were penetratingly sharp. "Why, Miss Britney Kingston, just the young lady I was hoping to talk to."

Britney raised her eyebrow, eyeing the man. She could kill him in two heartbeats. One to summon Waterclaw, the magical katar the Genie had given her, and the second to plunge it into his heart. The Detective had once been a fit man, but he was aging, his body losing the fight against sloth. He wouldn't be able to react fast enough.

But that would only cause more problems than it would solve.

"And what can I do for you, Detective?" she asked, using her most calm and rational tone, projecting a placid demeanor.

"Can you tell me where you were on the night of January 22nd?"

"I was at home, spending time with my girlfriend." She added a slight smile. "We kept each other quite busy. For days."

"Doing what?"

"S&M. My Phillipa does so love to be tied up and spanked. She makes the most delicious moans."

The Detective blinked his eyes, and Britney barely discerned the shock her answer caused. He had a great poker face. "Kids these days. When I was your age, we just drank beers behind the corner store or made out in the backseat of our parents cars."

"Is not progress amazing?" She let her smile drop. "Why do you want to know where I was?"

"I just had to verify where Phillipa was."

"She was between my thighs. She has quite the skilled tongue."

"You are a shameless girl." His eyes squinted. "Not at all what I expected after talking with Principal Burke."

Britney shrugged. "So now you know where she was, you should not have to disturb Phillipa again. She is grieving the loss of her friends and does not need you making things harder on her. She is very delicate."

"Oh, then why do you tie her up and spank her? If she can take some light S&M, I'm sure she can handle answering my questions."

"Well, she was with me from Wednesday after school until this morning. You can speak to my mothers if you want to verify that."

"I did."

"And?"

"Mothers lie to protect their children."

"And what could my mothers be lying about?" She forced a sweet smile. "Unless you suspect us?"

He gave her a big smile. "I suspect everyone. And you, young lady, are very suspicious. What are you doing here at the hospital?"

"Kyle's wife is sick."

"Right. Since Wednesday. One of Kyle's wives goes missing, another wife falls mysteriously sick, associates of both your girlfriend and Kyle's missing wife are found murdered." His grin grew broader. "I've seen the pics of your girlfriend doing some quite strenuous activities with her book club. They were quite explicit. If you're protecting her, you should know that you could be in just as much trouble. And you don't want to go to jail over a cheating girlfriend."

"Her past is hers. We only started dating on Wednesday."

"How interesting. So many strange things happened that day."

"Do not mistake coincidence for correlation, Detective."

"You have a bright future ahead of you. Straight A's. Scholarships. A bright future. You wouldn't want to waste all that potential by attaching yourself to a sinking ship."

"I have no idea what you mean."

"You do. I can tell. Your girlfriend and Kyle are mixed up in something bad. Giving a false alibi is a serious crime."

Britney was unfazed, giving him a level look. "What false alibi have I given? Do you have any evidence to suggest I am lying?"

"Not yet. But I'll get it. Last chance to come clean."

Britney was reconsidering not killing the detective. But they would just replace him. It would be wasted energy. A line of retreat should be considered. Aaliyah and Phillipa could devise a way to protect the house.

"I have nothing to come clean about, detective."

"What a shame to see such promise wasted." He reached into his pocket, pulling out a business card. "If you ever change your mind, I'll do my best to get you leniency."

"Have a nice evening, Detective." She turned, and strode to the hospital. Every hair on her body felt like it was standing up—the cops definitely had evidence against Kyle and maybe even Phillipa.

Kyle strode through the hospital, followed by his Genie wife and their concubines, the women giggling with eager excitement. Nurses and orderlies in scrubs gave them glances, but none interfered when he leveled a stern gaze at them. They reached Fatima's room.

"Aaliyah, I wish that no one comes through this door and interrupt my pleasure. Anyone that wants to will remember something more important that they need to do."

"Done," she smiled, touching his hand clutching the glowing Panacea.

"Ishtar, ward this door against all those that are curious," chanted Phillipa. She glanced at Aaliyah. "Just in case."

"I guess." The Genie looked a little annoyed. "It's better not to take chances."

Kyle strode in, followed by the women, his thick jacket falling to the floor before he peeled off his T-shirt. Aaliyah peeled off her blouse, her round, dusky tits popping into view—she hated wearing bras—a grin on her face. The concubines were giggling and laughing, undressing each other. Only Kyle had to get naked to fuck his unconscious wife in order to heal her, but the concubines were a horny bunch of women and they were always up to have fun with each other.

He kicked his shoes off and shoved his jeans down, his cock hard, pointing at his sister. Ann and Kayleah were peeling back the blankets and hiking up his wife's hospital gown. A diaper clad her, and the cute concubines peeled it off, stroking their mistress's tight pussy lips.

"We'll get her wet for you," Kayleah said as Ann buried her face between Fatima's thighs, licking her pussy while Kayleah stroked her strawberry-blonde hair. "Lick our Mistress's pussy, you dyke bitch."

Ann moaned, licking harder; a soft sigh escaped the sleeping Fatima's mouth. Her mouth was glued to Fatima's pussy, and Kyle could hear how eagerly she pleasured his sister-wife. His cock was fully hard watching the innocent, young teen work her magic. Aaliyah pressed against him, her pussy wet on his hip, as she reached around to grasp his hard cock.

"You're eager," she whispered in his ear.

"And you're not?" He looked at his wife. "I can feel how wet your pussy is."

"I've missed her enthusiasm."

"Me, too."

"She's all ready, sir," Ann reported, looking up, her face sticky. "Nice and wet."

Ann and Kayleah slipped off the bed, the bleached-blonde concubine seizing Ann's face and licking Fatima's juices clean. Kyle mounted the bed, stroking his sister's naked thigh, delighting to feel her silky skin. He placed the Panacea between her budding breasts, her nipples two points on either side of the shimmering stone.

"I'll save you," he whispered.

"You will." Aaliyah crawled on to the bed, hugging Fatima.

He rubbed his cock across his sister's bare pussy, gathering Ann's saliva and Fatima's excitement, shuddering as he slid through her silky lips. He pressed forward, sinking into her hot, wet depths, her pussy tight about him. A soft sigh escaped her lips, her eyelids fluttering. It felt so wonderful to be inside her again.

Kyle drew back, then thrust forward, her hospital bed rocking. A growing symphony of feminine moans filled the room as the concubines pleasured each other in a pile of naked, squirming flesh that spurred him to fuck his unconscious wife faster. The Panacea grew brighter, and he could feel its magic interacting with his aura, focusing down on his cock, ready to flood into Fatima when he came.

The bathroom door of the hospital room opened and out stepped the pixyish nurse Kyle had seen the first time he had visited Fatima. She was short, petite, her black hair cut in the cutest bob that framed her shocked face. Even in her loose, magenta scrubs Kyle couldn't help notice her large breasts and round curves, and the pink aura shining about her.

"What is going on?" she gasped. Then her eyes fell on Kyle. "You can't be doing that!"

"Grab her!" Kyle groaned, his hips pumping away—there was no way he was going to stop until he healed his sister.

A bevy of naked concubines scrambled and seized the nurse—she didn't fight much, her cheeks scarlet as she was surrounded by naked women. "What are we going to do about her, Master?" asked his newest concubine, Lois. She was a lesbian that joined the harem to enjoy as much female flesh as she could. "She's quite fetching."

"What were you doing in there?" Ms. Capello asked. "Why were you in the bathroom?"

"Cleaning," the nurse muttered.

"She wasn't," Aaliyah answered. "Such delicious thoughts tumble through her head."

Kyle concentrated on his sister, leaning over her, kissing her lips as Aaliyah slid off the bed. His wife could deal with the nurse. More energy flowed through him from the Panacea, its light dimming. He pushed his tongue into his wife's lips, her mouth warm—she didn't kiss him back. He fucked her harder, her pussy squeezing down on him, her hips twitching.

"You were masturbating in there," Aaliyah purred. "I should have sensed your thoughts, but there was already so much lust in this room."

"No I wasn't," the nurse protested.

"Shh, it's okay. I understand. He is a powerful man. It's only natural you would want to join with all of his women. Look around. Isn't this the most beautiful sight. All these women submitting, serving, finding such joy in it. Don't you want that?"

"I don't want that. And why is he fucking her? And what's that glow?"

"He's healing her."

"I am!" Kyle groaned, his lips kissing to Fatima's ear, his orgasm building. "Come back to us, Fatima. I'm giving you a weapon. It's from me and mom. Use it. Face your fears and come back to us. We all miss you. Mom, Aaliyah, Ann, Kayleah, the other concubines. You're strong. You'll win and return to us!"

A soft sigh escaped the nurse's lips. Her pussy spasmed about his cock as she came in her sleep. Her sheath massaged him. She was eager to be healed, instinctively knowing what she needed from her husband. His cock tingled, all the energy from the Panacea rippling through his aura, ready to be poured into her.

He slammed into her. His cock erupted. Thick cum and awesome energy shot out of his cock. Kyle groaned, his mind lost to the flood of powerful energy. His orgasm overwhelmed him with an intense rush as his spunk and the Panacea's power pulsed out of him. For a moment, Fatima glowed as her aura absorbed the energy, her pussy squeezing down like a vice on his cock and a shuddering spasm wracked her body.

Then it passed and Kyle collapsed onto his sister-wife's body.

"What was that?" the nurse gasped.

"Giving her a chance," he panted, crawling off his sister and turning to look at the nurse. Her top had been pulled off and her bra unhooked, a pair of round, heavy breasts being groped and squeezed by several different women.

"What are you going to do to me?" she whispered.

"What would you like me to do to you?" Kyle asked, walking over.

"I won't tell anyone."

"We're not going to hurt you." He reached out, stroking her cheek; she shuddered.

"She wants to join us," Aaliyah whispered, leaning in to nuzzle at the nurses neck. "Right, Mindy. Your thoughts burn to join his harem."

"How do you know that?"

"You can join," his wife continued. "Just fall to your knees and suck that big cock into your mouth."

"I'll get in trouble. I'm not supposed to do things like that."

"You won't. Right Aaliyah."

"I promise. If Kyle wishes it, then that's how things are."

"Doesn't his cock look so big," Chyna purred on the other side, her heavy breasts pressing into the nurses side. "And tasty. Join us. It's so much fun serving him. Right, girls?"

A chorus of yes sounded.

"Even my mom services him. So just fall to your knees and suck on his cock and join us."

A soft sigh escaped the nurses lips, then she fell to her knees, sucking his cock between her lips with a hungry fervor. Kyle ran his hand through her short, silky hair, groaning as she bobbed hard, her hands reaching around to grab his ass, pulling him into her lips. Kyle fucked her mouth, his balls slapping her chin.

"Another beautiful woman," smiled Aaliyah as her concubine, the dark-skinned Teleisia nuzzled at the Genie's pussy. "You'll soon have an army."

"He will need one," Britney announced, striding in, Phillipa clinging at her side. "That Detective is very persistent."

Kyle didn't answer, he was enjoying his blowjob too much. Mindy's tongue danced about his cock as she sucked, savoring the flavor of Fatima's pussy staining his shaft. The submissive nurse stared up at him with her green eyes, begging for his approval as she bobbed faster and faster.

"You're doing great," he told her, rubbing his hand across her cheek. Her eyes closed and she moaned around his cock, vibrations shivering through him. She definitely knew how to please a man. "You're one of my concubines now."

"Another one," sighed Britney.

"I'm feeling a little randy," Phillipa purred, nuzzling her mate's neck. "Could we... ?"

"We need to be ready in case something happens. When we're back at home, I'll play with you."

"Are you gonna cum in her mouth?" Alexina purred, pressing her nubile body against him, her blonde hair streaked with pink matted to her sweaty forehead. "I think you should cum on her face and have her wear it through the rest of her shift."

"That didn't work out well when I did it to you," Kyle reminded.

"Make better wishes," she purred, her lips hot on his neck. "It would be so hot, Master."

It would. His cock suddenly erupted, flooding the nurse's mouth with spunk. He pulled his cock out, aimed at her face. Mindy didn't flinch as his white cum showered her face, running in thick lines down her nose and cheek. Kyle grunted as a last shot splashed on her forehead. She did look so beautiful.

"Aaliyah, I wish Mindy can wear my cum for her entire shift, still fresh and moist, and no one will think it's wrong."

"Done!" she gasped, her body shuddering on her concubines lips.

Kyle turned back to his sleeping sister. "We're waiting," he told her. "Come back soon."

There was nothing more to do here. It was all up to Fatima. She had the weapon, she just needed th courage to face the nightmare and defeat it. Everyone dressed and Kyle said farewell to his newest addition. "You'll watch her, right, Mindy?"

"I will, Master," she nodded, her face shiny with cum.

"Good."

"We should increase the security at the house," Britney suggested as they headed back to the car. "Transform it into a refuge against any attack, including the police."

"Do you think it'll come to that."

Britney nodded. "We missed something, Kyle. They have something on you that ties you to the scene. It will not be long before they make their move."

"Great," he muttered. "Okay, let's figure out what we need to do to transform the house into a bunker."

Monday, January 25th – Kamifurano, Hokkaido, Japan

"You delightful kami!" a man moaned, drawing Fumi out of her exhausted sleep.

She was wrapped in warmth, dancing heat on her face. She struggled to open her eyes. A man grunted, a woman moaned, a mattress squeaked. The scent of sex tickled her nose and she breathed in that wonderful scent.

Fumi opened her eyes.

And saw nothing. Panic flooded her. She struggled to move, but she was too weak. The bed rasped beside her. I'm in a motel room. Her nose detected the scent of a man's arousal. A woman gasped and moaned. A woman's riding a man in the next bed.

"That's it," purred the woman. The voice was so familiar.

Fumi struggled to remember. She had been at the hot spring. The kami had taken her sight as payment and—

Zaritha had attacked her with fire. That's why the voice sounded familiar. She had been captured by the fire witch. Her body burned, remembering the pain she had experienced as that woman's horrible flames danced upon her flesh. Fear clutched at Fumi and she struggled in the confines of the heavy blankets.

"Don't move!" moaned Zaritha. "You're still injured."

"Such a sweet whore!" groaned the man in Japanese. "Oh, yes! Work those hips! I'm gonna fill your cauldron up."

"Good," Zaritha purred. "Give me all your seed."

Fumi felt so weak, her stomach a pit. She felt like she hadn't consumed any cum for weeks. She didn't even have the strength to push the heavy blankets off herself and escape the woman that had tried to murder her.

"Yes!" the man moaned and Fumi could smell the scent of his cum flooding into Zaritha's cunt. "Oh, yes!"

"Good," purred Zaritha. "Sleep and regenerate."

The man groaned and then a soft, rasping snore echoed through the cabin.

Fumi could smell the cum, her nostril flaring as she inhaled. Even scared, she licked her lips at the scent of cunt. Her body needed that life-giving substance. The bed shook and moved; Zaritha crawled onto it, straddling her face, and Fumi remembered her dream.

"Have you been feeding me?" she asked.

"Every hour," Zaritha purred. "Your wounds have almost healed."

"Why?"

"You freed me." A drop of cum fell out of Zaritha's pussy on to Fumi's lips, and she licked the salty fluid into her mouth, her body purring with delight. Then the pussy was pressing into Fumi's lips. "Your arrow knocked off my slave bracer. I came back to save you."

Fumi didn't care, her body needed the cum.

"Umm, keep licking me. Your tongue is so delightful, Fumi."

She wormed her tongue into every part of Zaritha's spicy pussy, savoring the heat of her flesh as she searched for every bit of the life-giving cum. It was not as satisfying as cum straight from the source, but it was better than nothing. The woman gasped and moaned, rubbing her pussy across Fumi's lips.

"That's it! Keep licking me! Make me cum and get the last bit of his spunk out of my hole."

Yes! Give it to me!

Fumi found Zaritha's clit, flicking her tongue across the woman's sensitive bud; Zaritha gasped, her hips bucking hard. Fumi kept batting the nub, then sucked it between her lips, nibbling with her teeth. The woman loved that, her screeching loud, and a flood of more juices squirted into her face. Zaritha's pussy clenched, expelling more of the man's cum from the depths of her hole.

So wonderful.

Zaritha rolled off of her, a big smile on her face. "You are getting quite good at that, Fumi."

"Thanks, I guess." Fumi licked her lips, cleaning the last traces. "What are you?"

"An Ifrit," she answered.

"You attacked me?"

"I did. I was forced to. You freed me from a dangerous man's control."

"And he sent you to kill me?"

"Yes. He wanted your bow."

Fumi tried to sit up, panic flooding her. She needed that bow.

"It's in the corner. Do not worry. You're going to need it."

"Because he'll keep trying to kill me?"

"Worse. He is Kyle's enemy. He just wanted you removed before you reunited with Kyle."

"Who is this man?"

"Someone close to Kyle. The principal at his school. Kyle has no idea."

"We have to help him!" Fumi wished she wasn't so weak.

"We will. When you're better. With our help, Kyle will be able to defeat the bastard!"

"Then we need to hurry and get me better. I need more cum!"

"I think you're strong enough to get it right from the source," Zaritha grinned. "I'll go find you a few men to fuck."

"No. That'll kill them. Blowing them will be enough."

The Ifrit snorted. "Suite yourself. It'll be longer."

Fumi never wanted to feel another man dying to feed her body. "Blowjobs will be enough."

"Okay. I'll be back."

She felt heat on her face, fire burning, and fear beat in her heart. Then the door opened and cold air blew in as Zaritha slipped out. Fumi laid back on the bed, determination flooding her. I will get stronger and get back to you, my love!

South Hill, Washington

"Are you really going on a date with my principal?" Kyle asked his mom as she put the finishing touches on her makeup. He couldn't remember the last time he had seen her dressed up.

"I am." She glanced at him. "You ... healed your sister last night, right?"

"Hopefully," Kyle nodded. "It's really up to her spirit at this point."

"Well, Fatima's a fighter. So I should have nothing to worry about."

"But, what about last night?" Kyle found himself thinking about making love to his mom all day at school. Between his sister-wife's recovery and thinking about his mom, Kyle barely had time to worry about Fumi and Christy, let alone pay attention to his schoolwork. "I mean, we made love, Mom."

Her cheeks blushed. "That was a one time thing. It's not right. We shouldn't do that."

"But we enjoyed it, right?"

"I won't lie. It was like being with your father again." She let out a sigh. "It was wonderful. But he's dead and you are not your father. I've grieved long enough for him. I'll always love your dad, but I need more in my life. And, no, I don't need to be part of your ever growing harem." She gave him a look. "Did I see one of the nurses from the hospital I saw downstairs."

"Mindy is a great woman," Kyle said defensively.

"I'm sure she is. They're all great women and girls, but I don't want to be part of a crowd. I just want someone to be with who cares only for me."

"And that's my principal?"

She shrugged. "Who knows. Maybe. Or maybe tonight will be a complete disaster. But it's time I lived again. You and Fatima are growing up and soon it'll just be me in this house." She turned and gave him a kiss on the forehead. "Now, you and your concubines aren't going to burn down the house with whatever's going on downstairs?"

"Phillipa is casting some defensive spells to augment Aaliyah's protections."

"Do you think you'll need them?"

Britney's warning filled his mind. The cops were suspicious of him. "Probably not," he lied. "I guess, have fun on your date."

The doorbell rang.

"Oh, that must be him," she said, her cheeks growing flustered. "How do I look?"

"Just fine, Mom."

"Good. Oh, I hope this goes well. I haven't been on a first date since, well, I was Fatima's age."

"Yeah, Uncle Ethan told me some stories about you and dad."

Her eyes widened. "Well, we may have had some wild times. Not unlike you and your women."

"Mr. Burke's here," Carla reported. "He's handsome. All the girls in school gossip about him. Have fun, Mother."

"Thanks." His mom gave Carla a hug. "Keep my son out of trouble."

"We'll try." Both women giggled, then his mom headed downstairs.

Carla smiled at him. "I know how to keep you out of trouble, Master."

"How?" he asked.

She peeled her top off, exposing those wonderful, round tits. "If you're too busy fucking, then you can't get into trouble."

Faiza looked stunning even in such a conservative, dark-purple dress. She had dusky skin and lush lips, her eyelashes dark and mysterious. The man who called himself Principal Burke smiled at the sight of her, eager to delve into her soul and make Kyle's mother his instrument.

His weapon.

"You look beautiful tonight, Faiza," he grinned, holding out the single, red rose.

Dark color suffused her cheeks. "Thank you, Stanley," she answered, taking the rose and inhaling it delicately. "Let me just put this in a vase and we'll get going. Would you like to come in?"

"I would." He could feel the air humming with electricity. Phillipa was casting a spell. Something had been done to pull Phillipa out of his influence. As one of Ms. Franklin's coven, she should have fallen under his power, but she was calling on Ishtar now. Kyle and his women always seemed to find new ways to trouble him.

"I hope you will treat my mother-in-law well," the Djinn said.

His heart stopped at the sight of her beauty. Such power beat in Aaliyah's body. His cock hardened, thinking about all the fun, and painful, ways he could extract that power. Her screams would be exquisite, her youthful body trembling as he used her in every way imaginable until she would only be a husk to be discarded. He wanted to seize her right now. His hands trembled to hold her lamp again.

But homunculi prowled the house and spells had been warded into its foundations. Kyle could summon his artifact. The man calling himself Burke did not live this long by taking unnecessary risks. He had learned patience over the centuries.

Kyle came downstairs, giving him a hard stare. A topless teen, one of his whores, pressed into Kyle's back. "You'll be a gentleman."

Burke almost snorted with laughter. The gall of this youth. He surrounds himself with more and more women, and yet wants his mother to be kept on a pedestal. Faiza walked back into the room, the rose in a crystal vase full of water. Kyle scowled.

The boy is jealous. He's known her flesh and he is not happy about my poaching. Burke suppressed his smile. He could make use of their carnal relationship.

"Shall we?" Faiza asked, nervous excitement about her.

"Yes, let's." He glanced at Kyle. "Don't worry. I'll return your mother unharmed."

"Did Kyle say something to you?"

"Just showing concern for his mother like a dutiful son."

He took Faiza's hand and led her out to his conservative Toyota Prius, the perfect car for a Principal to own. He'd prefer something flashier, but that would not do. He held the door open for her, his hand touching hers as she climbed in, and whispered a spell, "Let this woman be putty in my hands, dark goddess."

Faiza shivered.

He walked around the car, sliding inside and pushing the button to start the Prius up, then he looked at her; she gave him a shy smile. "Unzip my pants and pull my cock out."

"What?" she blinked.

"When I give you an order, slut, you obey." His voice was hard as ice; she flinched, confusion brimming.

"Is this a joke, Stanley?"

"Did I tell you to talk, slut?"

"No." She reached for the door handle. "This was a—"

He touched her; the spell stopped her. "When I give you an order, slut, you will obey, or there will be consequences."

"Sorry," she whispered.

He let go of her. "Now pull my cock out, slut!"

She swallowed, reaching over, her dusky hands shaking as she unzipped him. He could smell the fear pouring off of her. He was going to have so much fun degrading her. Her hand reached in, pulling his hard cock out, her fingers soft.

He seized her dark hair, pulling her face down hard. She gasped in pain; his cock grew harder. "Suck it, whore! That's all your mouth is good for!"

That's all every woman's mouth was good for.

His cock slid into her hot mouth; he shoved her all the way down until her lips touched his pubic hair, his dick buried down her throat. She panic, struggling to get back up, to breath. Her struggle was so sweet. With his free hand, he put the car in drive and pulled out from the curve.

"That's it, whore," he laughed. "Suck my cock."

Terror was replacing fear. Her hands pushed on his body. He only laughed. Her throat constricted around his cock, tight and hot. He wasn't going to last long in her struggling throat. She cried, vibrations humming through his cock. He groaned, fighting to stay focused on his driving. His balls boiled.

"Keep working my cock. Cry harder. That's it, whore! You're going to be mine!"

His cock erupted, shooting his cum down her throat. He grunted, pulling hard on her hair. He loved defiling his enemy's mother. She swallowed his cum, polluting her body with his essence. He would pollute all of Kyle's women before he was done. Kyle had such a fine harem, and they would all scream for Burke's pleasure in his dungeon.

He let go of Faiza. She popped her head back up, gasping, tears staining her mascara down her face. She looked at him, her eyes bewildered, his cum staining her lips, and her cheeks red with exertion—she looked even more beautiful.

"I don't understand, Stanley."

"What are you?" he demanded.

"A slut," she whispered.

"My slut." He sized her chin. "Right?"

"Yes," she whispered. She had strength, but she was helpless to fight the spell. How he would love to break her for real, but he needed her ready. He had a lot of work to do with her tonight.

"How wet are you?"

She didn't answer, her spirit still fighting the spell. He shoved his hand down to her dress, squeezing her breast hard through her blouse, his fingers finding her hard nipples. He twisted and pinched; her eyes widened and a moan of pain escaped her lips.

"Answer the question, slut!"

"I'm ... wet." She looked down, shame burning through her.

"Of course you are. You're a slut."

She was perfect for what he needed. He pulled into his garage, climbing out of the car and walking around to her side of the car. He grabbed her by the hair, hauling her out; her screams were so delightful as he led her through his house and down into his basement.

"We are going to have such fun tonight. But don't worry, I'll return you unharmed." He chuckled, his feet and laughs echoing down the staircase. "I promised your son, after all."

His cock was already hard as he imagined which flail he would use on her pretty behind as he worked his magic on her.

"That's it," Chyna purred. "Work those tits up just like that."

She leaned against Kyle as they sat on the living room couch. Nurse Mindy had her tits wrapped around his cock, her silky flesh rubbing up and down. Kyle groaned every time she brushed the sensitive tip of his cock, his orgasm nearing.

"She's a quick learner," he groaned to his first concubine.

"Yes, she is," Chyna approved. "Master is going to cum all over those big tits."

Mindy smiled and worked her tits up and down his cock faster. "Please do it, Master," she moaned. "I loved wearing your cum all night at the hospital! I want to rub your semen into my tits and feel your cum drying on my skin all night long."

"Keep doing that and you'll get your wish!" he groaned, his hand running through her short, black hair.

Mindy's tongue licked his cock on the downstroke, just a flick before her pillowy tits slid back up; his body twitched.

"You dirty slut," Chyna laughed. "Very nice!"

She licked again, her tongue swirling about his entire head before she slid her tits back up. Kyle's hips twitched, his cock throbbed, then his cum erupted in a fountain of white, splashing onto Mindy's chin and neck before falling onto her generous tits.

"Yes! Thank you, Master!" she moaned as a second blast of cum erupted, her tits sliding up to squeeze even more cum out of his cock.

"You're welcome," he groaned, leaning back into the couch and panting. "You did very well, Mindy."

She beamed.

"When are you coming to bed?" Aaliyah asked. "We have school in the morning."

Kyle glanced at the clock. It was after midnight. He thought his mom would have been home hours ago. He was growing worried. "When she's home."

"She is fine. I can feel her."

"Where is she, Aaliyah?"

The Genie concentrated. "She's almost here. In fact, she's rounding the corner."

Headlights flooded through the window as a car pulled up to the curb. Kyle went to the window to see his mom, her hair mused, being escorted to the house by his principal. Not only was her hair mused, but her dress was rumpled. The pair looked like they had been fucking; Kyle's stomach soured.

He scowled as the pair kissed on the porch. They're acting like horny teenagers. He walked to the front door and ripped it open. "Hey, Mom."

"Oh, hi, dear," she said, pulling away from her date. "You're still up."

"Yeah."

Her cheeks were dark with color. "I had a good time, Stanley."

"So did I," he leered, then slapped his mom's ass. She just giggled and gave him a fond look. "Good night, Faiza."

"Night." She stepped into the house, closing the door.

"So you had a good time, Mother," Aaliyah smiled.

"Yeah, couldn't you tell," Kyle grumbled.

"I did." His mom yawned. "Boy, did he wear me out though. Why don't we all go to bed. It is a school night, after all."

"Yeah," Kyle muttered. He didn't like his principal screwing his mom one bit.

Tuesday, January 26th

Detective Donnar read through the lab report again. The same brand of shoes that Kyle wore were found at the scene. Another bit of circumstantial evidence. Not conclusive, but combined with the license plate, the Detective was hoping for his warrant to raid the Unmei household.

Kyle and his harem were somehow involved in whatever tragic event happened out at the cabin. The forensic techs were still baffled. They had excavated some of the disturbed dirt at the scene and found a bear made of solid iron. And then there were the wounds that had killed the victims. A triangular-shaped puncture wound consistent with a katar. A wound made by a long thin blade, possibly a spear, and Ms. Franklin was beheaded by a single sword swipe. But the weirdest was the arrow wound.

Wounds are consistent with a broadhead arrowhead embedding in soft tissue, though no evidence could be found of the arrows removal. A broadhead arrow should cause additional trauma when removed due to the triangular arrow twisting inside the body and the point catching on the flesh when removed.

"One more question Kyle will answer when I nail him," he muttered, reaching out to grab his coffee mug.

The fax machine came to life and he sat up. This was the fourth time since he sent his warrant request. He stood up, crossing to the machine and snagged the paper it spat out. A smile crossed his lips.

He had his warrant.
Chapter 20 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 19 |   Bottom
Chapter 20: The Fiery Spear
Posted: December 31, 2014 - 10:24:36 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Tuesday, January 26th – The Spirit Realm

"How much longer do I have to walk?" Christy asked as she trudged through the strange, shimmering landscape of the spiritual realm. Nothing seemed real. Everything was blurry, like a watercolor portrait—bright colors smeared across the landscape.

Iris's flesh danced like a rainbow as she skipped and giggled alongside the witch. Christy no longer had to walk the path Iris had formed, Erinyes could no longer seek vengeance upon her for betraying Hecate. She had been claimed by Ishtar and served a far more benevolent goddess.

"How long did it take you to reach Ishtar?" Iris asked, cocking her head.

"I don't know," Christy shrugged.

"Exactly. Time, distance, those thing do not matter here. They are constructs of your reality. You will have to walk as long as it takes and not a step more

"Well, who made that rule?"

Iris blinked at her. "Rule? It is not a rule, it just is."

"It's frustrating. Kyle needs me. And I need him. Ishtar said so."

"And you'll get there when it is time for you to get there. Kyle will wait for you."

"Will he?" she asked, her fear and insecurities coming back. "Can he forgive me for what I did to Aaliyah? I couldn't even forgive myself."

"Ishtar forgave you."

Christy sighed. There was nothing to do but to keep walking and hope that whatever abstraction governs this realm decides she's walked enough.

Puyallup, WA

Aaliyah leaned against the doorway to Fatima's hospital room. Over a day had passed since Kyle had performed the ritual and there were still no changes. Nurse Mindy, his newest concubine bustled about Fatima's bed, making sure the young teen was comfortable while Kyle sat next to Fatima, holding her hand.

Kyle tried to hide his disappointment, but Aaliyah could see the cracks marring his stony expression.

"Be patient," Phillipa said, resting her hand on his shoulder. "Time moved differently in the Spirit Realm where she was trapped."

"Come back," Kyle whispered, bringing his sister-wife's hand up to his lips.

Aaliyah's heart broke for her husband.

"Mistress," Chyna said, sidling up to her.

The Djinn slipped her arm around the dusky-skinned concubine, pulling her tight. "Yes?"

"Toni and I had an idea to try and cheer Master up."

Aaliyah turned and looked into her hazel eyes. Kyle was lucky to have such a caring group of concubines. Her father's harem had been filled with plotting and jealousy, the wives and concubines forever vying for dominance. "What is it?"

"Well, can I make a wish if that wish will benefit Kyle?"

"Of course." Aaliyah smiled, reaching out to stroke her cheek. "You're part of the harem."

Chyna's grin broadened.

Kyle barely noticed Toni's lips as she nuzzled at his neck. His cheerleader concubine was trying to cheer him up on the ride to school. But it was clear the Panacea hadn't worked. His sister either failed to defeat the nightmare, or he had done it wrong.

"She will wake up," Aaliyah said.

"Reading my thoughts again?"

"I didn't have to, my love. I can see your pain."

"Is it working?"

"It is," Phillipa, Britney's witch mate, assured him. She was cuddled on Britney's lap. "I could feel the Panacea's power pulsing through her aura. Just be patient, Kyle."

Normally, Kyle could be patient. Years of kendo and judo had grounded him, but he was just so tired of being separated from the women he loved. Shannon pulled her SUV before the school and Kyle and his concubines all piled out. Ms. Capella gave him a brief kiss before she hurried inside, while the other concubines all took a little longer to say their goodbyes.

As they walked through the school, his women peeled off to head to their first classes. He blinked when Toni turned, heading away from their Math class. "Toni?" he asked. "Where are you going?"

"Sorry, Master, I need to get ready for the pep rally in second period." She shrugged. "Guess I get out of math."

"Lucky you," Kyle muttered and continued on to class alone.

His passed his friend Corey, the pair nodding his head. Corey was trailed by the submissive Aleah, his girlfriend and sex slave. Kyle blinked as he watched Maricruz walk by with her arms wrapped around two women.

"Hey, Kyle," the Hispanic woman smiled, her aura a dark red, and both girls pressed against her had bright pink, submissive auras. "I really need to thank you."

"Oh, what?"

"For letting me be open," she smiled. "You made it okay to walk around with a pretty girl on both arms."

Kyle gave a snort. "I guess I have." He looked down the hall and he noticed a few other guys with their own small harems. "I hadn't even noticed."

"I get it. Christy's missing." Her face fell. "You don't think she's ... dead. Like the others."

Kyle shook his head. "I know she's alive. She left me a note. She ... ran off."

"It's so sad. Ms. Franklin was the sweetest teacher. She kept trying to get me to join her book club."

"Yeah. She was a..." ... bitch. A monster. She tried to murder my wife and she put my other wife into a coma! " ... a good teacher." He hated the lie.

"Well, you take care," she smiled.

"You, too, Maricurz."

The hallway was quickly growing empty as students disappeared into classrooms. He rounded the corner and groaned as he saw Braiden glowering at him, backed up by two jocks: a Black guy named Frankie Tyler and a brute named Zane Wilkie.

"I'm surprised you don't have half the girls hanging on your arm right now," Braiden sneered as Zane cracked his knuckles.

"They had class," Kyle shrugged, walking forward, his fist balling up. Braiden used to be his friend, but when Kyle started dating Christy, Braiden had turned into a complete asshole. "Why don't you have any girls hanging on your arms? Oh, right, none of them would touch you, Braiden."

His cheeks reddened.

"You're hogging all the girls, Kyle," Frankie said. "Got to stop, man. There ain't enough to go around these days. Too many guys have been copying you."

"I get it. You tried to be me. You tried to get a bunch of girls to fawn after you and treat you like you were hot shit." Kyle stopped before them, his anger and frustration boiling through him. Christy had run off, Fatima was in a coma, and Fumi was off in Japan. The cops were investigating him and Principal Burke was nailing his mom. His fist clenched beneath the strain. "But none of them wanted to serve a bunch of pussies like you."

"The fuck did you just say, asshole?" growled Zane, straighting up. He was easily six-and-a-half feet tall.

"You three are a bunch of pussies. All the women at school can sense it. That's why none of them want to fawn all over you."

"I'm gonna crush your face." Zane stepped forward. "I'm no pussy."

"Then why did it take the three of you to confront just me?" Kyle demanded, looking up at the brute without flinching. "You three are so scared of me, you had to band together to try and find a pair of balls. I doubt you managed it."

"I'll fucking knock your head off."

"Then do it!" He took a step forward, glaring up at the brute. Kyle had faced a charging bear when he fought Ms. Franklin's cabin. Those beasts had been far larger than this guy. "If you're not a pussy, then just fucking hit me instead of talking about it."

Zane's face furrowed, confusion sparking in his dull eyes. He threw an uncertain glance at Braiden. Asshole's probably never had someone stand up to him. It clearly was a new experience for the brute.

"What's wrong with you?" the big guy growled. "I'll fucking tear you apart! I got fifty pounds of muscle on you."

"More like fifty pounds of shit that's too scared to do anything. So get the fuck out of my way, pussy."

Zane threw a second glance back at Braiden. "Uhh."

"Go on and hit him," Braiden said.

Kyle thought that was good advice.

Zane was caught off guard as Kyle's fist planted into his stomach. The brute stumbled back, a bewildered look on his face as he coughed and spluttered. Kyle leveled a look at Braiden and Frankie, then strode forward and pushed between the pair.

"What's going on out here?" Mrs. Skinner, the math teacher, asked, poking her head into the hallway.

"Just heading to class," Kyle said, smiling as he walked towards her.

"Were they harassing you?"

"Trying," Kyle shrugged. "But they were too scared to."

A smile curled her lips. "You three come with me. Principal Burke is going to want to have a talk with you."

"Kyle punched Zane," Braiden whined as the busty math teacher escorted the three off.

The man calling himself Principal Burke hated going through the paperwork that his job entailed. For years he had worn this disguise, preparing for the day when the lamp re-emerged and he could hold it in his hands once more. This time he would have the Djinn's power. Irritation flashed inside him, his hands itching to rip the pointless papers before him. He hadn't counted on Aaliyah emerging into the hands of such a threatening, young man.

A knock rapped at his door. "Come in." He was glad at the interruption.

Shadow walked in, one of his most dangerous servants, wearing her disguise as the busty math teacher. She was trailed by three students.

"Yes, Mrs. Skinner," he said, maintaining the farce. The real Mrs. Skinner and her husband, the computer science teacher, were buried beneath his basement; Burke wanted more allies in the school in case Kyle grew unmanageable.

"You asked for candidates," Shadow purred. "I think you'll find these three have the proper motivation."

His eyes fell on the confused faces of Braiden, Frankie, and Zane. "Really?"

"The three attempted to accost Kyle."

Burke grinned. "You have done good work as always, my dear."

"Thank you, Master."

"Master?" Braiden blurted out. "What is going on?"

"Tell me, Braiden, how would you like to inflict harm on Kyle Unmei?"

He could see the hate burning in the young man's blue eyes. Yes, he will do nicely. "Return to your class, Shadow."

As Shadow left, Burke opened his desk drawer and pulled out three obsidian blades—the foci to enhance the three youths into deadly weapons. He was slowly drawing his noose about Kyle's neck. Unlike Ms. Franklin, he wasn't going to let the youth catch him unprepared.

The bell rang, sounding the end of third period. It was his English class taught by his busty concubine. "Mr. Unmei, if you could stay. I need to talk to you."

"Right, talk," giggled Darleen. "Time for some intimate, one-on-one teacher-student counseling.

"Yes," Ms. Capello nodded, a hot grin on her face. "Would you care to stay."

Darleen froze, then glanced over at Kyle, her cheeks crimson. "Umm, no. I don't think my boyfriend would like that."

"Then run along."

"Yes, Ms. Capello."

Kyle waited, a few of his male classmates giving him high fives—Ms. Capello was one of the hottest teachers in school and all of her male students had voiced their desire to bury their face in her pillowy cleavage.

"Are you looking to have some fun?" Kyle asked her, his cock hardening.

"We want to show you something," she said, reaching into her pocket and pulling out a golden skeleton key.

"What's that?"

"Something Aaliyah made. Though it was all Toni and Chyna's idea."

She closed her classroom door, then stuck her key into the lock, twisted, and opened the door. The hallway didn't appear, instead a large room strewn with soft pillows on the ground, comfy chairs, a large television, and a table covered in large variety of sex toys.

"Your harem away from home," she smiled, handing him the key. "Aaliyah made one for each of us. Whenever you're feeling the need to have a little extra-curricular fun, just use your key on any door in the school and slip in here with whatever cutie you like and relax." She rubbed his shoulder. "Try and forget about your problems."

Doors opened in the room and his concubines began entering, then Aaliyah appeared, a big smile on her face when she saw him. "Do you like it?" she asked.

"I do," he nodded.

"Now you don't need to worry about getting in trouble," she said, winking. "You can have all the fun right in here."

"Let's have a big orgy, Master," Chyna exclaimed. "We'll help you forget all about your problems for an hour."

His cock hardened as he stepped into the room. The concubines clothes were falling to the floor, they were such a lusty group. It didn't take much to get them to strip naked and frolic. He did have a beautiful bunch of women. Well, they weren't all his. Teleisia was Aaliyah's, and Ann and Kayleah belonged to Fatima, but that meant they were practically his. Marriage was all about sharing.

He pulled petite Ann to him, cupping her face and kissing her hard while Toni pulled his pants down and sucked his cock into her hungry lips. His cheerleader concubine knew how to blow a guy, sucking hard while bobbing her head.

Kyle let himself explore all of Ann's youthful charm. She was the smallest and youngest of all the women, her breasts were just sprouting like Fatima's, but snowy white. She gasped into his lips as his fingers played with her hard nipple before he let his hand go roaming down her body and found the heat between her thighs.

"That's it!" moaned Chyna in the background! "Pound my cunt, Mistress! I love it!"

Kyle broke the kiss; Aaliyah had a strap-on and was fucking Chyna doggie-style, his wife's dusky ass clenching as she drove into the concubine's cunt. More and more debauchery spread through the room as Ms. Capello pulled Lois between her thighs, the Native American concubine eagerly going down on the teacher.

"She'll come back to us and enjoy this wonderful place soon," Ann whispered. "Believe in her, Master. Fatima loves us and is coming back."

Kyle peered into the sincere depths of Ann's blue eyes. He found himself trusting in her sincerity. "Thank you. I know she will."

She fell to her knees, joining Toni, licking at the exposed parts of his shaft. His balls boiled as the two girls began sharing his cock, sucking on the tip and kissing each other's soft lips around his headed. He seized Ann's blonde and Toni's auburn hair and released a flood of cum onto their hot faces.

"Take it, sluts!" he grunted as white splashed across their faces. "Now lick each other clean."

"Gladly, Master," purred Toni before she almost attacked Ann, pushing her to the floor and licking at his cum.

He strode across the room, his eyes fixed on Lois's cinnamon ass waggling as she feasted on Ms. Capello's cunt. The teacher moaned, smiling at him. "I think she's all ready for you."

"I am, sir," Lois moaned, looking up, her face sticky. "I'm growing to like your big dick!"

She was a lesbian that had joined the harem for all the interesting possibilities it brought, such as feasting on Ms. Capello's delicious snatch. She returned to her meal as Kyle fell to his knees behind her and buried his cock into her wet depths.

"God, you are tight," he groaned, smacking her ass. "It's so hot to fuck a lesbian!" He gripped her hips, her ass cheeks rippling as he pounded her.

"Fuck her harder," moaned the teacher. "Every time you bury into her, you push her face into my pussy! I love it! Go to town on the little slut!"

"What a good idea," Kyle groaned, hammering her pussy. She groaned, pushing back. "Are you gonna cum on the slut's face?"

"I am!" screamed the teacher, her large breasts heaving.

Kyle leaned over, burying his face between her soft tits as she gasped and moaned, cumming hard. Lois moaned her appreciation, her cunt squeezing down on Kyle's cock. Ms. Capello gave another shudder, holding Kyle tight.

"I'm gonna cum again, Master!" gasped the teacher. "Oh, fuck! The little minx knows how to work a pussy!"

"Cum on the whore's face! She loves it! Her pussy gets tight whenever you flood her mouth!"

"Oh, yes! That's it, Lois!" Ms. Capello shuddered again and Lois's pussy went wild around his cock.

"That's it! Cum on my cock! You love it!"

"I do!" panted Lois. "So wonderful! Cum in me, sir. Let me feel that hot load burning inside me."

Her pussy massaged his cock, eager for his cum. His balls tightened and he drove hard into her. He grunted, then his pleasure pumped out of him. He stumbled back, falling down onto some pillows, gasping for breath as his blood pumped with satisfaction.

"I have a pussy full of Kyle's cum!" Lois shouted. "Who wants a taste?"

Carla and Alexina pushed their faces between her thighs, both concubines working hard to lick her clean. Kyle's cock stirred as he watched Carla and Alexina's ass wave at him, their pussies winking at him between their thighs.

He had time to find another hole to enjoy before lunch was over.

Aaliyah appeared, falling down beside him. "Do you like the room?"

"I do," he smiled, pulling her to him. "Let me show you how much I like it."

Her hand found his cock, soaked with Lois's cunt. "I can feel," she smiled and kissed him, her hips straddling his waist, her pussy engulfing his dick.

Kyle closed his eyes and let himself enjoy his Genie wife's pussy; his problems could all wait for later.

Her husband was in much better spirits after school. He had kendo practice tonight, and he seemed to actually be looking forward to it. Shannon pulled the SUV into the driveway at Kyle's house, passing beneath the protective magics she and Phillipa had cast Sunday night. With a single thought, she could make this place a fortress.

But only at Kyle's command.

"Your mother is home," Britney said as she climbed out.

"How can you tell?"

"I can smell her." The Rakshasa looked around, frowning.

"What's wrong?" Aaliyah asked. Kyle's friend and guardian possessed senses keener than any human or even Djinn.

"I thought I smelled the detective."

"Maybe he's been pestering mom," Kyle groaned. "Come on, let's get inside."

His mom came bustling out. "Oh, hi, Kyle."

"What are you doing home?" he asked her.

"I forgot a file for a meeting," she smiled. "I'm just heading back. I think I'm going to be late to—"

Tires screeched. Sirens blared. Britney hissed.

Police cars roared up the street, stopping in front of his house. Cops poured out, led by the balding detective, a folded piece of blue paper in one hand, a grin on the other. She prepared herself to activate the defenses as Britney let out a dangerous growl.

"No," Kyle whispered. "Not yet."

Aaliyah's heart beat as the mortal authorities tramped across the lawn towards them. Say the word, my love, and they will be banished from your domain.

"Faiza Unmei," the Detective said, brandishing the blue paper. "This is a warrant to search your house for any evidence in the murders of Michelle Franklin, Karrie Robertson, Rashawn Underhill, and Lorrie Gore."

"What?" her mother-in-law gasped as armed police surrounded Aaliyah and her family.

Let them search, Kyle commanded. I wish that any incriminating evidence is hidden.

She tried to grant the wish, but her father's restrictions halted her. That's not hearth or harem, she sent back.

They will remove anything they find, stealing it from me. How is that not hearth?

Aaliyah tried again and found that worked around her father's commands. Done.

Kyle stumbled as Aaliyah removed the shoes he wore—her power seemed to know they were one of the items the police officers would be searching for. She concealed Fatima's spear, a pair of Fatima's boots, and clothing that she, Kyle, Britney, Phillipa, and Fatima had been wearing that night, then she had the entire house scrubbed clean of dirt and minute traces of blood.

"What is going on?" her mother-in-law gasped. "Murder? This has to be a mistake. Kyle didn't have anything to do with those deaths. He was home."

"Just stand over there, ma'am," the Detective nodded, then glanced at Kyle and frowned. "Where are your shoes?"

"I lost them during gym class," he quickly answered. "Um, I think my classmates must have stolen them."

"Yeah," Alexina nodded. "He's been missing his shoes all day."

"That's right," Lois added.

"And he was home Wednesday night," Chyna added. "We spent a quiet evening making love. Right girls."

"Yep," Toni nodded. "We had quite a lot of fun."

Kyle's mother was talking quietly into her phone, pacing back and forth. Aaliyah walked over to her. "It will be okay, Mother. There is nothing here that they can find to connect Kyle. Okay."

She froze, glancing at the cop. "Did you ... wish?"

Aaliyah nodded. "So do not fear."

"But they suspect him. Aaliyah, once the cops suspect someone they will hound them for years."

A crash came from inside and her mother-in-law flinched. "I can restore any damage they inflict. Be calm, Mother."

"How? The cops think my son is a murderer." She looked at Aaliyah, her dark eyes swimming with fear.

"Your son saved me. It wasn't ... that, okay."

She began pacing again, her breath coming in rapid gasps. "I need to call Stanley. He'll know what to do."

Burke smiled at the weapons that had been Braiden, Frankie, and Zane. They were his familiars now. He had armed the boys with spells, augmenting their strength, their reflexes, and removing that pesky fear that kept humans from truly committing to an attack.

He wiped his brow, the spells had been taxing changing such unwilling subjects, but it would be worth it when he moved against Kyle. The boy had a Djinn artifact and Burke wanted to avoid direct confrontation if at all possible.

His phone rang, a smile curled his lips. "Hello, Faiza." Another one of his weapons.

"The police are searching my house, Stanley," she sobbed; it wasn't the real Faiza but the construct he had created in her mind. His cock hardened with the memory of Faiza's screams as he shaped the new, more obedient personality. "I don't know what to do."

"I'll be right over," he grinned. Another opportunity. Faiza needed one last step to armor her against her son's powers.

"Nothing!" demanded Detective Donnar. "No shoes that match any of the prints, no clothes soiled, no blood residue, and no weapons?"

"I've never seen a house this clean," Officer Reynolds said. "It's spotless."

Hours of searching had yielded nothing that seemed promising. Anyone that had been involved in the cabin massacre had to have been splattered with blood. There had to be traces in the house, on clothes, tracked in on the soles of shoes. Luminol could make even the most minute traces of blood appear. Not even the most careful cleaning could get it all.

"We might be on the wrong trail," Officer Reynolds groaned, standing up and rubbing at the small of his back.

"Shit!" the Detective growled. "We're not. Kyle's car was at the scene. His wife is connected to all the victim and she is missing! Kyle is neck deep in this mess!"

"Coincidence," shrugged the officer. "That's what a defense attorney will say. They'll imply his missing wife, connected to the victims, was the culprit. We haven't even found the car."

"Keep searching! There has to be something!" His fist balled up as anger simmered inside the Detective.

"You're going to need to get the Captain to sign off on the OT if you want us to keep searching."

"Dammit. Bag what we got."

Detective Donnar just knew Kyle was guilty. He could see it in the smug, little bastard's face, in the way he strutted around with his harem. He had all these women brainwashed into cheerleading for him. They would say whatever lie he needed. They probably were all in on it. Some twisted game gone horribly wrong.

"I'll get you," he promised. "One way or the other."

It was time to start thinking creatively.

"Fuck me!" moaned his mom from upstairs. The moment the cops left, Aaliyah had restored the house, and then mom and her boyfriend, Principal Burke, had headed upstairs. It grated on him to hear her moan like a whore for the man.

"She's just doing what we do together," Aaliyah whispered as he sat on the couch in the living room, trying to ignore her passionate cries.

"That's it, Stanley! Make me cum again! You fucking stud!"

"That's my dad's bed he's fucking her in!" Kyle snarled.

"You're dad is dead." Aaliyah put a hand on his shoulder. "He would want her to be happy."

"There's happy, then there's getting fucked like a two dollar whore!"

"Oh, yes! You fucking stud, Stanley!"

Kyle grit his teeth as her bed creaked louder.

"Faiza, you wonderful whore!" groaned his Principal.

"Does he have to call her that!"

"You call your women that," Aaliyah reminded him.

He glanced at his wife. "That's different. I ... I just get a little carried away. And it's hot, right."

"Very hot," she agreed, her smile sultry and full of promise. "It's no different with them."

The bed stopped creaking.

"Thank god," Kyle muttered.

A few minutes later, Principal Burke walked down the stairs, a flushed smirk on his face. "You have quite the mom," he grinned. "Have a good one I hope everything works out with the police."

"I'm innocent, so it will."

The Principal nodded. "Well, you and that lovely wife of yours take care."

"Good night, Principal Burke," Aaliyah politely called out. "Maybe next time you would stay for dinner."

"Maybe," he grinned, his eyes hungry as they gazed at his wife. Kyle clenched his fist and thankful the asshole headed to the front door.

Kyle sat back down and Aaliyah pressed up against him. "I can feel your lust." Her hand stroked the bulge in his pants. "Listening to them excited me as well."

He flushed. As angry as listening to the Principal violate his mom, he couldn't help his cock swelling up in his pants. "I'm just a young guy. Everything makes me hard."

Faiza didn't want to obey his command.

"Seduce your son," Burke whispered in her ear as his cums defiled her body.

She wanted to yell, "No." But she couldn't. Memory of pain and fire flashed. She shuddered, remembering the taste of the whips and pokers and pinchers.

"I will, Master," that horrible, terrible, false persona Burke had fashioned answered.

The fake Faiza, Burke's creature, forced her to stand up naked, Burke's disgusting cum leaking out of her body. She was forced to walk out of her bedroom and down the stairs. It was a nightmare. She was helpless, trapped in her mind, screaming with futile rage. She just couldn't seem to break the fake Faiza's control over her body.

Her son and Aaliyah cuddled on the couch, her daughter-in-law's hand stroking her son's crotch. Aaliyah murmured something when their kiss broke. "I'm just a young guy. Everything makes me hard," Kyle answered.

"I bet," the fake her purred as Faiza cried in her mind. "Why don't you show mommy."

Kyle turned and blinked. She was naked, the Principal's cum leaking out of her pussy. "Mom?" he blinked in surprise.

"Come up to my bedroom so we can talk about your growing body."

His eyes were fixed on her ass as she walked back upstairs.

"Go on," Aaliyah grinned. "I know how much you enjoyed making love to her last time."

It didn't seem right to Kyle. This wasn't how his mom behaved, but his cock was so hard, and he had enjoyed every taboo second of making love to his mom. "Why don't you join us," Kyle said to his wife as he stood up.

"I would love to."

Holding his wife's hand, he led her upstairs. Chyna was coming out of the bathroom and she flashed him a thumbs up as he headed into his mom's bedroom. His mom knelt on her bed, her naked, freshly-fucked pussy pointed right at him.

"I need you so bad," she moaned. "Just fuck me hard and cum in me, Kyle. Mommy needs her big boy to make her feel better."

He couldn't look away from her dark bush matted with juices, and stripped his clothes in record time. Aaliyah just genied hers away, her lithe, dusky body gracefully walking around the bed to face his mother.

"And could I join?" his Genie purred.

"Yes," Faiza gasped. "Let me taste your pussy."

Kyle's cock grew even harder as his mom buried his face between his wife's thighs. Maybe if he fucked her hard enough, she'd forget all about Burke and join his harem. He liked that idea as he crawled onto the bed behind her.

"You got a beautiful ass, Mom."

"Thanks," she purred. "But Mommy's pussy needs attention right now. So stick your big, thick cock in and give Mommy what she needs."

Kyle dived into her wet depths, groaning as she squeezed her pussy down on him. He drew back, then slammed into her sloppy hole. She grunted and moaned into Aaliyah's pussy, her hips thrusting back. Aaliyah writhed, her dusky tits shaking. It was so wrong to be buried in his mom's cunt. So taboo.

He loved it.

"Fuck your mom," the Genie moaned. "Make the slut moan."

"Yeah!" Kyle groaned. "You're just a slutty mom!"

"I am! I'm a slut for my son's big, fat cock!"

Their flesh slapped together, the bed creaking as he fucked his mom harder than the principal had. Her pussy gripped his cock, her hips slamming back into his thrusts. She moaned into Aaliyah's pussy, her cunt hot and wet, gripping his cock hard.

It was so much more animalistic than when they had made love Sunday night. She was almost a completely different woman. His mom was possessed with lust, acting like such a whore as she reveled in their forbidden sex. Her body trembled, her pussy growing tighter about his cock.

She came hard, screaming into Aaliyah's pussy, her cunt massaging Kyle's dick, spurring him to pounder her harder.

"This is my pussy!" he growled. Not Burke!

"Yes!" she groaned. "Yours, Kyle! I'm all yours! Give me your cum! I need it so bad! Mommy needs a big dose of her baby boy's seed! Squirt in deep."

"Cum in her, my love!" moaned Aaliyah, her dark eyes fluttering. "Oh, Mother! Your tongue is wonderful! Keep licking me right there. Cum with me Kyle."

"Yes!" he grunted, his cum boiling out of her body, bathing his mom's pussy with his spunk as his wife exploded on his mother's lips.

Burke smiled as he watched Faiza's bedroom through her vanity mirror. He had cast a simple scrying spell on it before he had thoroughly enjoyed her body. Kyle was pumping away at his mother, lost to the taboo lust. Burke smiled; he was going to ward Faiza from Aaliyah's power. Aaliyah was a Noble Jann, one of the most powerful beings in all creation, and Faiza was a woman. If Kyle made the right wish, he could rip her out of Burke's grip.

But Aaliyah was bound to a Master, and that put certain limitations on her powers. She could never be forced to use her powers on Kyle. Only Kyle could make a wish that would affect him.

And Burke could transfer that protection to Faiza.

Kyle groaned and Burke smiled as he dumped his cum into his slutty mother's hole. "Hecate, armor the woman with the seed of the Djinn's Master and ward her against his Djinn's powers."

The energy flowed out of him and into Faiza, binding with the cum Kyle sprayed into his mother's pussy. Faiza's back arched and another orgasm erupted through her as the spell took effect. Now the Djinn's powers could never affect Faiza without her permission, granting the woman the very protection that warded Kyle from Aaliyah.

Now she was ready to be wielded against her son.

As Fatima lay in the center of the pile of female flesh, lips and fingers teasing every inch of her body, she knew it wouldn't last. A dull fear was slowly creeping over her. A vague idea permeated her lust-filled mind—darkness is following me. She ignored it, losing herself in the pleasure of the entirety of the Rogers cheer squad. All the rumors about these girls were true—they were a bunch of sluts.

She looked out past the squirming pile of cheerleaders at the wall of the locker room. There was nothing there. No dark, malevolent presence that would bleed through reality and send her running. Samantha pulled her back down, the cheerleader's lips finding her nipple, sucking hard.

It's just my imagination running wild, she told herself, her lips finding a cheerleader's juicy pussy. Things like that don't actually happen without Aaliyah's power.

Fatima worked her tongue through the cheerleader's tasty twat, ignoring the flashes of endless running that kept intruding on her pleasure. Fingers penetrated both her asshole and her pussy, working in tandem to bring her to a quick, hot orgasm.

She moaned into the cheerleader's twat as her orgasm built, flicking her tongue to give the teen as much pleasure as she was receiving. Fatima's body spasmed as hot lips sucked her clit between hungry lips. The pleasure grew inside her, about to burst through her body and—

The fear returned, stabbing through her pleasure.

She bolted up and looked at the locker room's wall. Darkness consumed it. A figure stepped through. Shadowed eyes fixed on Fatima.

Terror filled Fatima. She pushed a cheerleader off of her, fingers ripping out of the slut's pussy as Fatima nimbly gained her feet and ran. She didn't care that a tiled wall was in front of her. She had to get as far away from the dark figure as she could.

Fatima's body passed through the wall as she ran.

And ran.

An eternity passed as the vengeful spirit hounded Fatima through empty space. She pumped her legs as fast as she could, putting every ounce of her energy into running. No effort could be spared, not even to wonder where she was and where she was going.

... Come back to us, Fatima...

The voice whispered through the empty space.

The terror that gripped Fatima lessened. She knew that voice. "Kyle?" she called out, her body slowing.

The darkness grew near. She couldn't waste any energy on thinking. She had to run.

... I'm giving you a weapon...

"A weapon..." Memories flooded her mind of training with a long spear. "A yari."

Her body slowed.

"Why am I running?" she whispered. "I'm the descendant of warriors. I'm a 3-dan in sojudo. I shouldn't be afraid of the dark."

She threw a glance over her shoulder. The dark girl, a gaping hole in her stomach, was dissolving the world behind Fatima.

Her fear returned; how could she fight the dark figure?

... It's from me and Mom. Use it...

Kyle's voice was stronger, firmer, buttressing her courage and driving back the terror.

... Face your fears and come back to us...

Her steps slowed, her body turning to face the darkness streaming towards her. She shook, fear urging her to run and flee, whispering despairing thoughts. I cannot beat the darkness. She dissolves everything she touches. She hates me. I killed her!

... We all miss you. Mom, Aliyah, Ann, Kayleah, the other concubines. You're strong...

"I'm strong," she whispered, the fear retreating before Kyle's words. "And I'm tired of running from you. You've hounded my steps for ... I don't know how long. Days, hours, centuries! And I'm sick of it!"

Fire burned hot inside her.

... You'll win and return to us...

The darkness flowed from the spirit of Karie Roberston, whirling about Fatima. She was encircled, the darkness cutting off any chance of escaping from the dead witch's shadow. Fatima could remember the feel of the yari gripped in her sweaty hand as she plunged it into Karrie's guts. The darkness pressed in as Karrie's shadow stepped closer, hungry to consume Fatima's flesh.

But it didn't touch her.

Fatima blinked, her fear dwindling. She smiled. "Your darkness cannot touch me, Karrie! I was chosen by Fireheart!" She pictured her flaming yari, the weapon Aaliyah had brought from Genie Land. "I am fire! And no darkness can touch a flame that burns hot and bright!"

Rainbow light swirled in the air spinning fast, glowing, forming a long rod. She seized it and felt the rough, solid feel of a wooden haft. The light grew into a long, straight blade at the tip. Energy pulsed through the light, full of love—Kyle's and her mother's.

"I am Fatima Unmei! I am afraid of you no longer, Karie! You are dead and I am alive!"

The rainbow light vanished, leaving behind a brilliant yari. Fireheart burned in her hand. With a cry, she stabbed the spear's long, straight point into the dark form of Karie. Light exploded, illuminating the unknown. The darkness had no substance. Karie was merely a shadow upon her mind. There was absolutely nothing she had to fear.

Fatima woke up.
Chapter 21 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author




Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 20 |   Bottom
Chapter 21: The Desires of the Succubus
Posted: January 06, 2015 - 08:18:59 pm
Updated: January 07, 2015 - 04:01:43 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Wednesday, January 27th – Kamifurano, Hokkaido, Japan

Fumi licked her lips as Zaritha led in the two men, snow swirling through the motel room's doorway. Another blizzard was smothering the mountain town of Kamifurano. She could "see" the individual snowflakes swirling on the wind thanks to Windfeather, the bow Kyle had gifted her. Her sight had been the price to be with him, but thanks to the kami dwelling within the bow, she could see the currents of the air painting the solid objects in green in her mind.

And her attention was fixed on the two men the Ifrit had brought, her mouth salivating. She was almost recovered; the cum she had been ingesting quickly was healing the terrible burns Zaritha had inflicted upon her. But that was when the Ifrit had been a slave to Principal Burke, Kyle's enemy. Fumi was eager to get back to Kyle. She had tried to call him but the winter storm had knocked out the phone lines.

"They look handsome," purred Fumi, writhing on the bed. "Such strapping men."

"Have at her, boys," laughed the Ifrit.

"Yes, Mistress," mumbled one of the men, stumbling forward, his hands fumbling at his pants. Fumi had a momentary pang of guilt—Zaritha was dominating these men with her power, bringing them in to feed Fumi's appetites.

But I need to get better to get back to Kyle, she reminded herself.

"Let me see those cocks," she purred, her arousal growing, filling the air with the lily-scented perfume of her musk.

They were hard and reached for her, the men's bodies lean and compact. Her pussy itched, but she couldn't let them stick their cocks in there. She never wanted to kill a man that way again. She let go of Windfeather, the world going black for her again, and knelt on the bed.

She could smell them, sweat and spicy cologne mixed together. The bed shifted as one crawled on it, his knees rasping across the sheets. Then the second one joined him, crawling to her face. She licked her lips, trembling with anticipation. That salty-musk of balls and cock filled her nose, and the wonderful sent of precum.

"That's it," moaned the guy as her lips instinctively reached out and found the tip of his cock. She savored the taste of his precum, her lips sucking hard, eager for the treat of his spunk. "What a hot slut!"

I am a slut! A slut for yummy, delicious cum!

She worked her tongue around the tip, teasing him, eager for the man to give her what she needed. He held her head, working more and more of her cock into her mouth. His heavy balls slapped her chin as the tips of his cock brushed the back of her throat. He wasn't long, but that didn't matter to the Yuki-onna.

The other man smacked her ass, sending a stinging bit of pain through her; she felt so dirty and moaned around the first man's dick. He tastes like a his name was Mamaro, she decided, and the other man feels like his name is Ichigo.

"What a dirty whore," Ichigo laughed, his hard cock rubbing against her thigh. "She is dripping wet. Eager for my cock."

His dick brushed through the curls of her bushy pubic hair, then brushed up her tight slit. She moaned into Mamaro's cock, pushing back with her hips, eager to feel him buried into her—

No! He can't stick his cock in there!

She tried to pull her mouth off Mamaro's cock, but the man held her firm. "No you don't, slut! You keep sucking my dick until I cum down your hungry mouth! So stop fighting!"

Fumi pulled harder, but the man was too strong as his hips hammered his cock over and over into her lips. Ichigo's cock penetrated her pussy, sinking into her wet depths. It felt so wonderful in there, the pleasure and her body's hunger driving almost all thought out her mind.

So good. It won't hurt for him to thrust in a few times, her hunger seemed to purr.

She pushed her hips back, her pussy clenching down on him. A purr escaped her throat, vibrating around Mamaro's cock. Ichigo's hands gripped her hips, his cock slamming into her juicy depths. She could smell her excitement and hear the wet sound of his cock sluicing through her hot hole. He fucked her harder, slamming in and out of her pussy, the pleasure washing away concern from her mind.

That's what I need. A nice, thick cock in my cunt. Fuck the consequences.

"None of that," purred Zaritha. "I don't need to hear the little thing bleating with guilt. Stick it into her ass."

"Yes, Mistress," Ichigo said, his cock ripping out of her pussy.

No! Stick it back in! I was so close! Please!

Ichigo's cock, wet with her pussy juices, slid through her supple asscheeks, nudging at her puckered backdoor. The tip spread her open, Fumi grunting as he pressed against her sphincter. Then he pushed into the depths of her bowels. New pleasure burned through her, not as good as the inferno his cock had created in her pussy, but satisfying. She bucked her hips back into his hard thrusts, squeezing her ass down on his cock, eager for his cum.

"She is such a slut!" laughed Mamaro, thrusting his cock in time with Ichigo. Both men buried their cocks into her at the same time, then drew back and slammed them back in.

She felt so used and filthy. She loved it, rocking back against both men, savoring their cocks violating her holes. Her fingers gripped the sheets as her orgasm neared, swelling inside her.

Mamaro's hands tightened in her hair. "Take it, slut! Drink every, last drop!"

I will!

His thick, delicious cum squirted into her mouth. Salty delight exploded on her taste buds. She swallowed, the vital warmth spreading through her. It reached her swelling passion. Her orgasm burst. Waves of pleasure slammed through her. She swallowed more cum, feeding her hunger as her cumming ass milked Ichigo's cock.

"That's it, slut!" panted Mamaro, pulling his cock out of her lips. She could hear him falling back on the bed, panting.

"Oh, fuck me harder!" she moaned. She threw back a glance and wished she could see the passion twisting across Ichigo's face.

But she could feel his passion as he hammered her ass. "Oh, fuck! You came with my cock up your ass! What whore! Shit! My wife never lets me do this!"

"Cum in my ass!" Fumi moaned, rocking back. "Fill me up! I need it so bad."

"Yes, please do," panted Zaritha, her bedsprings creaking.

"Are you masturbating?"

"Oh, yes! It's so hot! They're defiling your body. Cum in her ass!"

"Yes, Mistress!" Ichigo buried his cock into her. Cum pulsed into her depths.

Her body absorbed the vital energy. A second orgasm rippled through her. She moaned, the dark world swimming about her. She collapsed onto the bed, his cock ripping out of her ass, and shook in a ball.

"Yes, yes, yes!" she purred. "That's what I needed!"

Zaritha's pussy clenched about her plunging fingers. The Yuki-onna lay on the bed, her asshole gaping open, a little bit of the man's cum leaking out of her bowls. The Ifrit's orgasm burned hot through her. It was such a wonderful fire. The air danced around her fingers as she lifted them to her lips and savored her spicy, molten passion.

"I think that's it," Fumi moaned. "I think I'm recovered."

Finally! Zaritha didn't realize how long it would take to restore the girl. It would have gone so much faster if Fumi had been willing to kill a few men. But she had her morals, and it wasn't worth her tears just to speed up this process.

"It's time for us to go to Kyle," Fumi purred, stretching on the bed.

It's time to get my revenge of Burke. Aaliyah could wait until Zaritha had destroyed that bastard for presuming to bind her. "Yes, it is," Zaritha said, standing up, clothing appearing on her body in a flash of fire. "You two."

"Yes, Mistress," the man that had fucked Fumi's ass panted, his cock small and pathetic now that he had cum.

"Get dressed and return to your rooms. Forget all about this."

The fires that burned inside these men, letting her control them as puppets, would snuff out once they had followed directions. They pulled on their pants and walked out into that horrible blizzard raging outside to return to their hotel rooms. The Ifrit hated Hokkaido.

Fumi grasped her Si'lat made bow, fixing her completely white eyes on Zaritha. "Do you have any clothes for me?"

"I did not think to grab your clothes when I rescued you from the hot springs," the Ifrit admitted; she did forget those simple, mortal concerns. While Zaritha could create her own clothes out of creation's fire, she could not create them for others. An Ifrit's powers did not lay in that direction like a Jann. Like Aaliyah.

"I guess Kyle won't mind if I show up naked. She glanced at the door. "But, um, I might freeze to death."

"We'll be traveling as fire," Zaritha answered. "You will be perfectly warm."

"Okay," she nodded, walking with grace over to Zaritha and holding out her hand, a love-sick smile smeared across her lips.

Zaritha took her hand, then led her to the door and threw it open. An icy wind swirled about them and Fumi gasped. Zaritha pushed out her heat, the snow slamming into it melting into water droplets. She strode outside, snow steaming into water on the walkway.

"So, is this going to hurt?" Fumi asked.

"I don't know," the Ifrit answered. "It won't hurt me. But, you can always get home on your own. A Yuki-onna shouldn't have any trouble bamboozling any man to help you get back to Kyle."

"No. I want to see him as soon as possible. Let's do this."

Zaritha pulled Fumi tight to her, wrapping her arms around the Japanese girl. She shivered in Zaritha's arms, clutching tight to the warmth burning inside the Ifrit. She could feel the girl was willing, and transformed them both into a whirlwind of fire.

Their essences mixed and swirled as Zaritha shot them up into the air, driving back the wind-blown snow as she sped them faster and faster away from this terrible island. The Pacific ocean was dark blue as the sun set. They raced across the ocean. They left the sun behind, but it would be just rising again by the time they reached South Hill.

The coast finally neared, forested mountains rising up. She flashed across those, then flew over the Puget Sound. She found the mouth of the Puyallup River dumping into Commencement Bay, following the dark river to the town that bore its name, then turned and crossed the valley and up to South Hill.

Zaritha returned them to flesh. Fumi stumbled away from her, falling onto the wet grass of Kyle's lawn. Zaritha stood on the sidewalk staring at the house. She could feel the Jann's power warding the house. It would be best if she didn't enter Kyle's seat of power.

"Are we here?" Fumi asked as rain drummed down on her, matting her long, blue-black hair to her olive skin.

"The Unmei residence," Zaritha answered, the rain hissing off her heat. "Tell Kyle I will meet him five blocks south of the school on 86th Avenue fifteen minutes before school starts. There's an empty lot that is well obscured by brush from the road."

"I will," Fumi nodded. "Thank you for all you did for me."

"You're welcome," Zaritha purred. Thank you for gaining me Kyle's trust. It will make defeating Burke and capturing Aaliyah so much easier.

She flashed back into fire and sped off.

The raven watching Kyle's house, perched on the power line across the street, took flight despite the heavy rain weighing down its feathers. The raven's master would need to know what it had just witnessed.

Fumi shivered in the heavy rain and let out a yelp of happiness. A startled bird took flight across the road. She stood up, clutching Windfeather in her hand. The rain was icy cold and another, powerful shiver shuddered through her.

She crossed the damp lawn, holding her body tight, and reached the covered protection of the porch. She pushed the doorbell. She shivered again, but not because of the cold; she was finally about to be reunited with Kyle. She had gone through so much to be with the man she loved.

No one came.

She rang the door bell again, then knocked on the door. She had no idea what time of day it was. She could see what the wind touched, but that couldn't tell her it was the afternoon or the middle of the night.

Footsteps creaked down the staircase, padding across the room. The door opened and a willowy woman stood in the doorway naked. "Yes," the woman yawned. "Are you okay? You're naked? Are you here for Kyle?"

"Yes," she said. "I'm Fumi."

The woman let out a squeal. "You're Fumi? I've heard so much about you."

The woman gave her a hug, her naked flesh so warm.

"You are one of Kyle's concubines?"

"Well, I'm Aaliyah's actually," she answered. "But Kyle is free to use me however he wants. I'm Teleisia."

"It is so nice to meet you."

"Kyle has been so depressed lately. He's missed all three of you."

"Three?" Fumi thought for a moment. "So Christy never came back?"

Teleisia shook her head. "And Fatima still hasn't woken up yet, despite Master casting this spell. It was quite hot. Both the orgy at my basketball game, and the fun we had in Fatima's hospital room."

"Orgy?"

Teleisia took her hand, leading her inside. "Yep. Kyle needed to charge this gem with lust, so my basketball game seemed like the best to try it out."

The concubine led her by the hand to the stairs. On the second floor, Fumi was taken into a small bathroom. Teleisia opened the counter and pulled out a towel. "Allow me to dry you, Mistress."

"Mistress?"

"You're going to be one of Kyle's wives," she said, rubbing the soft towel across Fumi's back. "That means you're going to be my Mistress." The concubine let out a throaty purr. "And trust me, I'm looking forward to it."

The towel worked lower, reaching her butt. Fumi shivered as Teleisia's delicate touch sent fire burning through her. Fumi had never desired a woman before, but she could remember how delicious Zaritha's pussy tasted when the Ifrit had been feeding her cum.

Teleisia reached her legs, sliding the towel up and down, the fibers brushing against her pussy, stirring up her passion. "You smell delicious," the concubine purred, and then Fumi gasped as a tongue swiped through her slit. "Oh, you taste as good as you smell."

"Are you supposed to do that?" Fumi asked.

"Fumi, you are going to get your pussy licked by a lot of girls. Every one of the concubines knows how to please a woman, and they'll all be eager to lick at your sweet snatch." Then she took another lick, her tongue wiggling up inside Fumi.

"Oh, wow!" she moaned.

"You are all ready for Kyle," Teleisia reported. "Your pussy is more than wet enough. If..."

"If, what?"

"Well. We all know what you are. It is safe for Master to fuck you, right? You fixed your ... problem?"

"I fixed it."

"Good. Then let's go and wake him up. I know he'll be just dying to be with you."

"I know I am," Fumi smiled.

Her stomach churned with nerves as Teleisia led her to a door. She opened it up. Fumi wondered if her bow was deceiving her. The room beyond that door was far too big to fit in the house. She could see a TV on the wall, pillows strewn across the floor, shelves full of DVD's, plush couches and love seats dotting the room.

"How?"

"Aaliyah. You do know what she is, right?"

"A Genie."

"Yep, so she created a dimensional pocket to house Kyle's suite."

"Suite?"

"Yep. There's—"

A door opened. "So the Yuki-onna is back," purred Britney. "What happened to your eyes?"

"The price to be with Kyle," Fumi answered. "You have nothing to worry about."

"Good. Enjoy yourself." The door closed.

"Britney's intense, but she's very protective of Kyle," answered Teleisia. "She and Phillipa live in that room."

Phillipa? Wasn't that the name of the witch we captured? Questions whirled in Fumi's mind.

The concubine opened another door, a hallway led deeper out, lined with doors. "There is a room for each of the concubines, and bigger rooms for the wives. This is your room." Teleisia touched a door as they passed. "And then this is the Master Bedroom. It's where we all sleep."

She opened the door. Fumi, thanks to her bow, witnessed a huge bed, the largest she had ever seen. It was crowded with women and she could make out the muscular form of a man in the center—Kyle. Her excitement grew, lily tickling her nose.

"Kyle," she whispered, trembling more.

Some of the women stirred.

"Kyle." She said it with more force then last time.

A woman sat up. "Is that Fumi?" Then she squealed. "Wake up, Master."

"What, Chyna," grumbled Kyle.

"Fumi's here!"

"What?" Kyle bolted up in the middle of the bed, the other women stirring. "Fumi. You're back." Such joy was in his solid voice.

"I am," she smiled, tears forming in her sightless eyes. "I did it."

He crawled across the concubines and crossed the room to her, his cock hardening before him. He swept her up in his strong embrace. She thrust the bow into Teleisia's startled hands. Darkness fell on her, but that didn't matter, she was in Kyle's arms. Her fingers found his face, his lips curled into a big smile.

"You came back. One of you came back." He crushed her to his naked chest, her breasts pressing against his hard muscles.

"I did," she sighed, savoring the crush of his strength. "I love you, Kyle."

He picked her up, spinning her about. "I love you, too, Fumi." He sat her down, his hands stroking up her back to touch her face. "Your eyes ... they're solid white."

"I'm blind," she answered. "That was the price I paid so we could be together."

"Did it hurt?" His fingers were tender on her face.

"No." She smiled, kissing his fingers as they brushed her lips. "It was a small thing to give up to be with you."

"So we can really make love and it won't... ?"

"I will not kill you. You are the one man I can be fully intimate with and not harm. You are my one, Kyle. And ... I want you now. I have gone through so much for this moment. Make love to me."

"Yes, Master," a concubine called out. "It'll be so beautiful."

"Like a fairy tale," another answered.

"Bring our wife to bed," Aaliyah purred. "And find solace in the joy of her embrace."

He scooped her up, his lips finding hers. She held his neck, delighting in his love. She didn't need to see to experience his passion. She could feel it in the beat of his heart, the tenderness of his caresses, the strength of his arms.

The bed was soft and silky beneath her. The air was thick with feminine lust. She could hear the concubines stirring, kissing, caressing, moaning. Kyle's musk overpowered hers as he draped his strong form across her body, his lips find hers. His hand slid up and cupped her small breast, thumbing her nipple. She moaned into his lips.

"You are so beautiful," he whispered, his lips moving to nuzzle her neck. "Like a porcelain doll."

"But I'm not fragile," she purred. "I can be loved vigorously."

He laughed, kissing down to her breasts. He nipped her nipple, then sucked on it. She loved that feel, the pleasure shooting down to her hot pussy. A woman pressed against her side, nipples hard. The woman leaned in, her breath hot on Fumi's ear, and licked.

"Doesn't his mouth feel wonderful on you?" purred Aaliyah.

"Yes," Fumi answered, turning her head. If she could see, she would be looking into the dusky woman's eyes. "He's amazing."

"You're his wife now," Aaliyah continued. "My wife."

Their lips met. It was such a soft and gentle kiss. Fumi relaxed into the kiss. She had never been attracted to women before, but this just felt right. Their kiss grew more passionate as Kyle kissed down her flat stomach until he was spreading her thighs wide, his lips kissing through her thick pubic hair to find her sweet pussy.

His lick was wonderful, so much better than Teleisia had been. His tongue worked through her folds, dipping into her pussy, then up to brush her clitoris. She shuddered, moaning into Aaliyah's lips. Kyle's tongue sent pleasure gusting through her body. She writhed on the bed, kissing her wife harder. Aaliyah's gentle fingers found her small breast, teasing her hard nipples, adding small flurries to the great gusts Kyle generated.

"Oh, Kyle. Love me!" she purred, breaking Aaliyah's kiss.

"Let yourself go," Aaliyah whispered into her ear. "Cum on our husband's face. Give him what he wants."

"My pussy juices?"

"Your pleasure. That's what he wants. He wants you to feel such amazing pleasure. He loves you so much. He missed you so badly."

"I missed him," Fumi purred, the pleasure growing and growing inside her, a great storm.

"Then cum." Aliyah's lips kissed down her neck and found her hard nipple, sucking them into her lips. It was such a different feel than Kyle's lips. She was gentler, not trying to suck her entire nipple into her lips, but kissing and teasing.

Kyle's lips found her clitoris, his tongue batting her nub. His fingers spread her pussy open, then he shoved two in deep. Her pussy clenched about them. He fingered-fucked her, sucking harder on her clitoris.

"Kyle! You're going to make me cum! Oh, yes! Oh, that's what I needed! I'm going to explode on your face!"

"Do it!" moaned Aaliyah.

Her climax howled through her body. She bucked into Kyle's hungry mouth. Her pussy convulsed on his finger. She screamed his name, adding her cries to the concubines moaning and panting around them.

"I need you, Kyle!" she gasped. "Fuck me! Stick that big cock in my pussy! Please, Kyle!"

"I'd love nothing less," he growled.

"Fuck her hard," Aaliyah moaned. "She's been denying herself for so long. Make her cum!"

Kyle crawled up her body, his hard cock nudging her thigh, sliding up to her eager hole. She could feel his strong body above hers, reaching out with one hand to feel his hard pecs, giving his nipples a twist.

"Naughty wife," Kyle growled. "You've been gone so long! I've missed you so much!"

"And now I'm fully yours!"

"I trust you, Fumi," he whispered, stroking the tip of his cock against her pussy lips.

"Thank you," she whispered, then she wrapped her arm around his neck and pulled him down for a kiss.

His cock thrust into her wet depths.

She moaned; it was so wonderful. Thick and hard, burying deep into her. This is what her body had been craving. Her pussy convulsed, another orgasm rocking through her. She needed his cum; her body was ready to feast on his vitality.

His hips pumped. Her hips writhed, matching his thrusts. She rose to meet him, her clitoris crushed by his pubic bone. His strong chest pressed against her tiny breast as he fucked her harder and harder.

"Give her what she needs," purred Aaliyah. "Give our wife the sweet cum she craves."

What a loving creature Aaliyah is! As Kyle pumped his cock in and out of her depths, she reached her hand out and found Aaliyah's flat stomach, she pushed her fingers lower and found her Genie wife's bare pussy. She stroked her lips, then shoved two fingers into the Genie's depths, matching Kyle's rhythm.

"Oh, Fumi!" gasped Aaliyah, her pussy hot and velvety about Fumi's fingers. "You wonderful woman. Finger me! Let me share in your joy."

Kyle broke their kiss, his arm reaching out and pulling Aaliyah against them. "I have you both," he grunted. "My beautiful wives."

She probed Aaliyah's pussy faster as Kyle's strokes grew more intense. "So wonderful!" she moaned. "I'm so lucky to have you two!"

Her thumb rubbed Aaliyah's clitoris; the Genie quivered, her pussy squeezing down on Fumi's fingers. "Thank you, Fumi! Thank you for sharing!" She shuddered and moaned, her pussy cumming on Fumi's fingers.

"You're welcome, my wife!" Fumi liked that word. "I ... I think I'm going to love this marriage! Now cum in me, husband! My pussy has been craving this for so long!"

"Gladly! I'm going to give you so much cum! You'll be leaking it out of your pussy for days!"

"Wonderful!" Her thighs squeezed about his hips. "Give it to me!"

"Fumi!" he groaned, slamming into her. Then that wonderful, hot cum pulsed into her. She shivered, her pussy rejoicing at the feast. She drank in his vital energy. Her orgasm exploded.

"Kyle!"

She shook. She convulsed. Her mind was flooded with bliss. She was filled with energy. Every nerve in her body pulsed with rapture. More cum shot into her. A flood of Kyle's life. But he didn't die. He collapsed on her, groaning with passion, his lips kissing at her.

He didn't die.

Her body shook as the tears came. For once, she hadn't killed the man she loved.

"You never have to be afraid of your hunger again," Kyle whispered in her ear. "You have me to keep you fed."

His lips kissed her tear-stained cheek. Such joy filled her.

Kyle pounded Fumi's pussy as she knelt before him, her face buried beneath Aaliyah's dusky thighs. His new wife was insatiable. Her succubus hungers needed to be fed. He had already fired two loads into her hot depths and was about to dump a third.

The concubines had been fucking each other just as long, and his bedroom was filled with their wonderful musk—hot pussy. He loved that odor, mixing with Fumi's lily-scented pheromones. The aroma seemed to give him more strength.

"Cum in her!" moaned Aaliyah, her round breasts quivering as he came on Fumi's lips. "Give her what she needs!"

"Hasn't she had enough?" Kyle grinned. "Don't you want some, Aaliyah."

"I do!" she moaned. "But she needs it more."

His cock itched, his balls tightened, and he flooded Fumi's cunt for the third time. She gasped and quaked her orgasm whipping through her body. His hands slid down her back as he buried into her, delighting in the pleasure pumping out of him.

"Fuck, that was good," he said, collapsing back onto the bed.

"Master," purred blonde Alexina, pressing against him and kissing him, her lips stained with a few different concubine's cunts. "You look a little tired."

"I may have worn him out," giggled Fumi. Then she squealed as Chyna began sucking his cum out of her pussy. "Oh, wow, that's it! The concubines are really growing on me."

"We should probably try and get some sleep," Kyle said, glancing at the clock. It was three in the morning. Fumi had shown up after midnight. "We have a big day tomorrow."

"What's going on?" she asked.

"We're going to investigate the Principal at Kyle's school," Aaliyah answered. "Kyle's mom acted real funny after he left here last night."

"Yeah," Kyle nodded. "So I wished to know if she's under a spell."

"And I can't tell you that," Aaliyah answered. "I need Faiza's permission."

"See, something's off about that," Kyle said. "Explain why you would need her permission."

"Well, the only person I need permission to affect with my powers is Kyle. It's a safeguard to keep me from being used against him. It's part of the Laws that bind Djinn. Only Kyle should have this protection, and yet Faiza has it as well."

"It's suspicious," Kyle nodded.

"Zaritha told me there was someone—"

Kyle's phone rang. "Answer that someone," he said, then turned to Fumi. "So, who's this Zaritha?"

"She's the Ifrit that was sent to kill me."

He blinked. "What? By whom?"

"Master," Toni called out. "The phone's for you."

"Not now." He looked at Fumi's blank, white eyes. "Who sent the Ifrit to kill you?"

"Master, you really need to take this call."

"It can't be that important," he shouted.

"It's Mindy. Fatima's awake."

His heart almost stopped; the room grew quiet for a moment, and then Ann and Kayleah let out whoops of joy, followed by the rest of the concubines. Kyle was wondering if the night was a dream. First Fumi returns and now his sister-wife was finally awake from her nightmare.

"We have to go right away," he smiled. "Let's get dressed."

"Too slow," Aaliyah said.

"I wish we were all clothed!"

In a blink of the eye, Kyle, Fumi, Aaliyah, and all the concubines were clothed. Fumi gave a started gasp, but the concubines were all used to Aaliyah's powers. "Let me wake Mother," Shannon called out.

"No," Kyle said. "Something's not right with her. Principal Burke has done something to her."

"Principal Burke?" gasped Fumi. "He's the man that sent Zaritha to kill me."

"What is going on?" Britney demanded from the doorway. "This has grown louder than your usual orgy."

"Fatima's awake!" cheered Ann and Kayleah.

Anger grew in Kyle. "Principal Burke sent an Ifrit to kill Fumi."

Britney bristled. "I sensed no power from the man."

"We'll talk on the drive to the hospital," Kyle declared. "Rouse your mate."

Britney nodded. "If your wife could assist in readying her. She is quite tied up at the moment. You seem in some haste."

"Aaliyah, I wish that."

Minutes later they were piling into Shannon's SUV and Kyle listened with astonishment as Fumi told about her battle with Zaritha, the terrible burns she suffered, and how she had freed the Ifrit from the Principal's controls by shooting off her bracers.

"And then she nursed me back to health and brought me here," Fumi shifted, clutching her bow. "She wants to meet with you before school."

"About?"

"Fighting Burke."

Kyle nodded. "Good. He's done something to my mom. Aaliyah, I wish that your homunculi will keep my mom in the house. No one enters or leaves."

"Done."

"As long as she's trapped there, he can't do anything else to her." He didn't like keeping his mom prisoner, but he couldn't let this monster touch her anymore. He would protect her.

Shannon parked her SUV. "Let's go see her! I've missed her so much."

Kyle nodded. "She definitely livens things up."

"Um, maybe I should wait," Fumi said. "I need my bow to see and..."

Kyle glanced at the bow clutched in her hand, his mind looking for a solution. "Well, Aaliyah, I wish that, um, Fumi's bow could transform into glasses when she wants it to."

Aaliyah gave a frown. "I think that is possible now that she is your wife."

The bow swirled into green energy, then shrank in her hand until she held a pair of cute, green glasses with tinted lenses. She pulled them on and smiled. "It works the same. Thank you very much."

Kyle smiled at her, then he looked at the hospital and his heart sped up. "Let's go see Fatima. I bet she's bouncing off the walls."

Aaliyah giggled. "She's been asleep for a week. I can only imagine.

Kyle strode into the hospital, Aaliyah and Fumi at his side, the concubines following behind them. They crammed into the elevator, an excited buzz humming in the air. The elevator dinged and Kyle led the way, his stride lengthening and quickening the closer and closer they got.

"I don't need to lie in bed," Fatima's voice objected through her door. Kyle smiled; she sounded as feisty as ever.

He pushed open the door. "She seems fine, doctor," Mindy, Kyle's nurse concubine, insisted, facing a young doctor in blue scrubs and a white coat. "We should listen to her." Ever since Kyle had claimed the cute nurse as a concubine, she had been ordered to keep an eye on his sleeping sister.

"We should run some tests and make sure—"

"I don't think that's necessary," Kyle objected, striding forward, his concubine's filling in behind him.

"Visiting hours are long over," the doctor objected.

"Kyle!" Fatima shrieked. She was sitting on her bed in her white, hospital gown, her dark, slanted eyes burning with joy. She practically launched herself at him, throwing her arms around his body. "I listened to you! I fought the nightmare. Thank you, thank you."

Kyle clutched her tight, his lips kissing her forehead. She was so warm in his arm. "It's good to hold you."

"Young man!" the doctor objected. "You have to leave."

"Yeah," Kyle agreed, scooping Fatima up into his arms. Her arm went around his neck, her lips hot as they kissed and nuzzled at his neck. "We're out of here."

"You can't!"

"He can, doctor," Mindy said, dropping her stethoscope on the floor to join with the other concubines. "He can do what he wants."

"We saved you, Aaliyah!" Fatima cheered, reaching out to take Aaliyah's hand.

"You did. We have a lot of catching up to do."

"How long was I asleep?"

"A week."

Fatima blinked. "Wow, we do have a lot to make up for." She giggled wickedly. "Let's get home. I'm feeling horny."

"Shannon's car is roomy enough, Mistress," Kayleah said. "Ann and I missed you a lot."

"That's so sweet! After I'm through with Kyle and Aaliyah, I'll make the both of you scream."

"And what about your other wife?" Kyle asked as they entered the elevator.

"Christy," snorted Fatima. "You didn't forgive the bitch, did you?"

"She ... ran away. I don't think she's ever coming back."

"Good."

"He meant me, Fatima," Fumi said.

Fatima let out a pleased squeal. "Did you see Niqualmie then?"

"I did. Thank you for suggesting it, Fatima."

"So, is she a good fuck?"

"She is," Kyle grinned. "She's insatiable."

The elevator doors opened as Fatima giggled, squirming in his arms. "Then I want her sitting on my face and your cock in my pussy, stat!"

Kyle's cock swelled. "Right away."

Auburn-haired Carla opened the door to Shannon's SUV. "Um, are we all going to fit in that?" Fatima asked.

"It's bigger than it looks," Aaliyah answered.

"Did you genie it?"

"Of course," she laughed. "It's very convenient."

Fatima gave a wicked laugh as Kyle ducked into the spacious rear. "Do you take your ladies in here and have naughty fun with them?"

"What do you think?" Kyle asked, setting her down on the spacious, pillowed floor, his fingers caressing her dusky cheek.

Her hand snaked down and squeezed his cock through his jeans. "That you are a big pervert, big bro, and you have a whole harem of hot chicks eager to please."

Kyle grinned at her, giving her lips a kiss as her fingers fumbled with his jeans. Her tongue was aggressive, shoving into his mouth. He could feel the fires of her passion growing as his little sister snapped his jeans open and shoved her hands inside. Soft and warm, jerking his hard cock.

Fumi stretched out beside them, nuzzling their lips. Fatima turned her head, breaking the kiss with Kyle to plant an aggressive smooch on Fumi's hungry lips. Her hand jerked Kyle harder, shudders of pleasure roared through him.

"Aaliyah, I wish we were all naked."

"What a wonderful idea," she purred.

Fatima's naked, developing body appeared beneath him, her breasts budding. He bent down, captured her hard nipple, sucking it between his lips. Fatima squealed into Fumi's lips, then broke the kiss, looking down at Kyle.

"Hungry for my youthful charms?" Fatima laughed.

"Always." He nipped her other nipple. "Your tits are so cute."

"They are," Fumi purred, her hand sliding up to pinch Fatima's other nipple, rolling the brown nub between her fingers.

Fatima's hand reached out, grasping small breasts, giving her nipples a twist. Fumi gasped and purred, her wonderful, lily-scented passion flooding Kyle's nose. His cock squirted in Fatima's jerking hand, shooting white cum all over her thighs.

"Oh, no," Fatima gasped. "Premature fire."

"Sorry," Fumi giggled. "My pheromones got to him." His Japanese wife turned around, her head diving down to lick up his cum spilled white across Fatima's thigh. Kyle backed off, letting Fumi clean his cum off his sister. Some splashed on Fatima's bare, tight slit, and Fumi's tongue found it, nuzzling her pussy.

"Ohh, I like her a lot," Fatima panted. "Come sit on my face and let's give our husband a lezzie show. I need his cock hard to fuck me!"

"Sure," Fumi purred, shifting her hips to straddle her head. Fatima's licks were loud and sloppy, and Kyle's cock stirred at the sight.

"Let me help you, Master," Ms. Capello purred, crawling towards him, her heavy breasts swaying. "I want my student ready to perform."

Her mouth engulfed his cock, her tongue swirling, coaxing his cock back to a full erection. Fumi's tongue worked through Fatima's slit, revealing her pink depths as Fumi's tongue flicked about. She was getting Fatima nice and wet for his cock.

"That's it, slut," Kyle grunted, his cock swelling in his teacher's mouth. "You're such a bad teacher!"

She moaned around his cock, her brown eyes flashing up at him.

"Get my cock ready to fuck my wife like a good concubine."

Alexina crawled behind Ms. Capello, burying her face into the kneeling teacher's pussy; Ms. Capello sucked harder. His cock felt ready, so he pulled out and the teacher moaned and gasped as the blonde concubine pleasured her.

"You're ready, Kyle," Fumi purred, looking up from Fatima's pussy, tart juices coating her lips. "I can smell it."

"Then fuck me!" Fatima's cried, her voice muffled by Fumi's pussy.

Fumi rose up, her perky breasts jiggling. Kyle dove between Fatima's spread thighs and shoved his cock deep into his sister's pussy. She was tight and hot, and Kyle savored being buried into her taboo pussy. There was something special about fucking your family member.

He pumped his cock in and out of her, their flesh slapping together. Fumi's face swam before him, her all-white eyes squeezed closed behind her green glasses. Her arms reached out, seizing his shoulders and pulling him. Her lips, covered in Fatima's tart pussy juices, latched onto his. He thrust his tongue into her mouth, savoring the feel of her and the taste of his sister. He fucked Fatima harder, his sister gasping and panting into Fumi's pussy.

"That's it! Fuck me, big bro! That's what I need! Give it to me! Let me feel your strength!"

Their flesh slapped as he fucked her harder and harder, burying his cock all the way into her. Her pussy convulsed about his cock and she cried out his name into Fumi's pussy. He loved the feel of a cumming cunt about his cock—he gave his sister this pleasure.

"Kyle, you fucking stud!" she moaned. "Keep fucking me! Oh, yes! I'm going to cum again! Love you so much, big bro!"

Her pussy kept going wild on his cock, milking him. Fumi broke their kiss, throwing her head back. "Fatima!" she gasped. "Oh, yes! I'm about to explode! You're stirring my cauldron up! Oh, yes! I'm cumming!"

Her lily pheromones flooded the SUV. A chorus of feminine moans filled the car. It sounded like every concubine was cumming, flooding the back of the SUV with more and more feminine musk. Kyle's balls boiled and he buried himself into Fatima's pussy.

"Take my cum, little sister!" he grunted as his orgasm pulsed out of him in wonderful, intense shudders. "Take every little bit of it!"

"That's what I needed!" Fatima moaned. "Flood me! Give me your cum! Knock up your baby sister!"

His pleasure reached it's peak, and then it passed. He fell to the floor of the SUV, hugging Fatima. Fumi slid off and cuddled up to Fatima's other side. He felt Aaliyah's round breasts press against his back, her arms draping around him.

His family was almost complete. Are you ever coming back to me, Christy?

Mount Shasta, CA

Christy stepped out of the Spirit Realm. Iris stood at her side before she flashed into a rainbow and wrapped around Christy's neck, forming a bright necklace. She took a deep breath, reveling in the musty smell of the cave. The real world looked normal, no more that strange, bizarre, ever changing landscaped that looked like a runny watercolor painting. Things were solid and real here.

Her cell phone chirped. She pulled it out. There were a lot of missed calls from her parents. And one from Kyle.

Her heart beat faster. She called her voice mail, a sudden hopeful tremble passed through her even as her stomach twisted with fear. She had to skip nine messages from her mother before she reached Kyle's.

"Hey, Christy ... It's, um, Kyle." He paused to take a deep breath. It was so wonderful to hear his voice. "I ... know things didn't end well between us. But ... I need you."

Tears ran down her cheek. This was the garbled phone call I heard in the Spirit Realm.

"I loved you ever since I laid eyes on you. I still love you. You made a bad decision. But it doesn't have to be permanent. You came back. You helped us save Aaliyah. You may have made a bad decision, but then you made a good one. The right one. And I need your help again. Fatima is under a spell. We don't know how to break it. You made the right decision once and came back. I can only hope that you'll make the right decision again. I love you. Come back to me. Even if you can't help."

A smile grew on her lips even as her joyful tears flooded down her cheeks. "He loves me, Iris."

I told you to have faith, Iris whispered in Christy's mind. Love can accomplish such great things.

"I need to call him," she said, navigating through her phone's menus, scrolling through all her contacts.

"Hello, Amber."

Christy jumped, flinching at her coven name. She looked up to see Sable Purcell glaring at her at the cave's mouth, a tourmaline pendant around her neck. The last time Christy had seen Sable, she had been lying unconscious outside Ms. Franklin's cabin.

"You shouldn't have betrayed the coven!" Sable hissed, holding out her hand, a pink gem clutched in her hand.

Fear spiked in Christy's heart as Sable threw the gem down onto the stony floor of the cave. It shattered, flooding the room in pink light, and birthed an Elemental.
Chapter 22 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author




Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 21 |   Bottom
Chapter 22: The Lust of the Incubus
Posted: January 13, 2015 - 02:58:14 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Wednesday, January 27th – Mount Shasta, CA

"You shouldn't have betrayed the coven!" Sable hissed, her voice echoing through the cave Christy had just stepped into from the Spirit World.

Christy's heart hammered in fear as her former coven sister threw down a pink gem onto the stony floor of the cave. The gem shattered, flooding the room in brilliant, pink light. It slammed into her like a force, pressing against Christy's amber aura.

Lust burned in the pink. Passionate, burning desire.

An Elemental of Love, twisted by foul magic, sprouted from the shattered gem. The Cherub had been twisted into an Incubus. The elemental sprouted pink, slimy tentacles that writhed about the small cave as it swelled. At the center was a bulbous mass surrounding a hungry mouth.

"FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX!" a chorus of deep voices boomed, the vibrations traveling through Christy's body. "FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX!" The tentacles slithered out at Christy and a new voice hissed beneath the chorus, "I can smell your lust, girl. I need to feel your flesh. To taste your passion. To cum in your depths. Surrender to me and I shall take you on a journey of such passion."

"FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX!"

"Feast on her flesh," laughed Sable, commanding her Incubus. "Let her feel your ecstasy until you consume her utterly."

"Ishtar, cool this Spirit of Tainted Lust," Christy chanted. She had contested with Tourmaline over an Elemental's control at the cabin. And now she had Iris with her, feeding off some of the spirit's power. She could easily wrest control away. That night, it had taken three witches to stop Christy from controlling the Maniae.

Only it wasn't working. Tourmaline was keeping control. The girl was stronger than when they last faced, her power boosted somehow. The tentacles launched at Christy.

"Ishtar, clad your devoted servant in your protective embrace!" Christy chanted. Her prayer went out to the Goddess Ishtar, and she could feel energy humming around her as her amber pendant flashed.

The tentacles struck her wards, the energy bowing beneath the eager desire of the Incubus. The tentacles slithered about her wards, trying to crush them and touch her flesh. Her heart hammered faster, fear and lust warring inside her.

The Incubus's lust bled through, washing over her in waves of heat. There was a part of her that wanted to let her wards drop and enjoy the Incubus's embrace. It's death. He'll use me up until there is nothing left of me.

"Iris! What should I do?"

Stay alive, the spirit answered, rainbow light flashing around her. You have to break Sable's control and not get touched by the tentacles. You'll most certainly be lost if it touches you.

"Can't you do anything?"

I am your guide, not your protector.

Christy drew in a deep breath. Her wards were holding, keeping the slimy tentacles just inches from touching her skin. They were wrapped about her, almost cocooning her in pink. She could barely see Sable on the other side of the Incubus, but she could hear the witch chanting to maintain control.

"FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX!"

She wracked her brain for a spell that could help her. She had to get the tentacles off her wards before the Incubus's attack drained her aura of power and her defense failed. Her panic rose. It was claustrophobic surrounded by the tentacles. They were so close to her she couldn't move. It was like she was bound.

Could that spell work?

"Ishtar, your humble servant is in peril, cut the shackles binding me and free me from bondage!"

Light flashed around her. The Incubus howled in pain. The tentacles wrapped around her ward were sliced to pieces, falling to the ground where they wriggled like fat worms. The pink blob recoiled, sliding towards Sable. Relief flooded Christy and she backed away.

"Partake of my lust," Sable hissed, "and be healed."

A single tentacle, one of the few uncut, snaked between Sable's legs. It ripped the crotch of her pants open and buried into the witch's pussy. Sable let out a throaty moan, her back arching as an orgasm rippled through her body.

"FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX!"

The severed tentacles sprouted new growth.

I need to take Sable out.

"Ishtar, afflict my enemy with fatigue and lull her into sleep!"

The spell, feeding off her amber aura, slammed into Sable's tourmaline aura. They were almost even in power, but tourmaline was one step higher than amber. Christy put all her energy into the spell, trying to beat past Sable's defenses before she recovered from her orgasm.

"Hecate, protect your servant from her enemies spell!" Sable screamed, her counterspell repelling Christy's attack back.

Christy pushed her aura against Sable's, but she just didn't have the power to break Sable's defenses.

"Nice try," Sable laughed. "But you are weaker than me. I serve a new master and Principal Burke has given me so much power! Take her, Incubus!"

"FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX!"

The tentacles lashed out. Christy didn't have time to digest what Sable screamed. She dived to the right, the slimy tentacles striking the wall behind her. She scrabbled to her feet, her shoulder bruised and throbbing, and raced around the wall, chased by the tentacles. If she could flank the Incubus and reach Sable directly, Christy was sure she could overpower the witch.

Three tentacles lashed out, slamming in front of her, cutting off Christy's path.

"Ishtar, ward me in light to blind my enemies!"

Brilliant, rainbow light exploded from her.

"Fuck!" Sable gasped, stumbling back.

The Incubus's tentacles spasmed, the Elemental blinded, and Christy scrambled beneath them, ducking low. But not low enough. Her ward brushed one, and it reacted, clenching about her ward with a crushing grip. Christy tripped, forcing more of her power to go into her wards as more tentacles surged towards her.

"You fucking bitch!" Sable gasped. "Hecate, restore my sight."

Christy cast the bond cutting spell, slashing the tentacles that grabbed her and scrambled to her feet. She was almost to Sable and the outside of the cave. Sable blinked, her eyes focusing on Christy, and then she gasped in surprise.

They crashed together, falling to the hard stone floor. Christy dropped her wards as she gripped Sable's hand and twisted. Kyle had shown her a few aikido moves. Sable screamed in pain as Christy bent her wrist.

Then she looked at the Incubus and its tentacles reaching for her. "Ishtar, cool this Spirit of Tainted Love. Smother its ardor beneath your gentle caress."

The tentacles froze, twitching in the air as she fought against Sable's control. The witch was in pain, unable to focus. Christy twisted harder, trying to rip Sable's elbow joint as she kept her chant going, forcing the tentacles to retreat, putting the Elemental back to sleep in its gem.

"No!" Sable moaned in pain. "You won't win, Christy! I'll avenge Celestite, Onyx, Garnet, and Opal's deaths! You will pay for betraying us!"

"What we were doing to Aaliyah was wrong! We were going to kill an innocent being!"

"Bitch! I will see you pay! Hecate, protect your servant and deliver pain to her foe!"

"Ishtar, protect—"

Pain wracked through Christy, and she fell off of Sable. She forced through the pain, clutching her amulet. She chanted the counterspell, throwing off the pain. Something slimy and wet touched her leg.

Lust flooded her mind with bliss. Her legs spread, letting the tentacle have access to her dripping pussy. More amazing tentacles wrapped her body, ripping her useless clothes away. She moaned and gasped, lifting up into the air. The tentacles found all the wonderful spots on her body. Suckers latched onto her tits, milking her hard nipples. A thick tentacle wormed into her mouth, her taste buds exploding.

And the tentacles that shoved into her pussy and asshole brought burning passion inside her. She orgasmed over and over, waves of pleasure hammering her insides as the tentacles worked in and out of her. Pussy juices dripped from her, landing in the open mouth of the Incubus below her.

You can't succumb to the lust! Iris whispered in her mind.

Why not? It's so wonderful.

You'll die, Christy!

It would be so wonderful to die feeling this pleasure.

Dimly a woman laughed. "Drain the life out of the whore's body!"

Fight! Please, Christy!

I don't want to. This feels too amazing!

If you die, you'll never see Kyle!

South Hill, WA

Shannon pulled up the SUV at the meeting spot. Kyle climbed out, followed by his three wives and Britney. The concubines crowded the door, peering out the door. Kyle stood in the center of an empty lot. It had been part of a failed housing community. Thick brush obscured them from the road. The rain hammered down. On his hip hung Earthbones in its scabbard.

"The least she could be is on time," complained Fatima, leaning on Fireheart, her yari. The sharp blade gleamed above her head, steam rising from it as the rain boiled off. "We're going to get drenched waiting."

"Perhaps I can help," Britney said. The rain suddenly bent around them, deflected from their skin as Britney's katar, Waterclaw, flared blue. "Yes, I think this shall do."

"Definitely," Fumi smiled. She held Windfeather in her hand as a bow, ready to draw and knock an arrow. "But Zaritha will be here. She is eager to get revenge on Principal Burke for binding her."

"Yes," Aaliyah nodded. Her hand touching his back. She stood right behind him. "Being captured and bound to a sorcerer is one of my people's great fears. And she is an Ifrit. Her passions burn hot. She will want revenge."

"Yes, I do!" a voice hissed. A dusky-skinned woman strode out of the brush, her face beautiful and fierce. Steam rose around her, the rain evaporating before it even touched her skin. She was dressed in red silks, her hips swaying, as she stopped before Kyle.

"You're Zaritha?"

"I am," she purred, bowing to him. "I'm pleased to meet you without disguises."

"What?"

Her skin rippled and wavered like heat dancing on asphalt. When it faded, a different woman stood there, pale skin, gray eyes, light-brown hair falling in curls around her shoulder. Kyle's cock stirred; he remembered fucking Lexie last week. Then she rippled again and Zaritha's dusky beauty returned.

"You were a passionate lover," she purred.

"Is that what we're here to talk about?" he demanded. Kyle wanted to crush Burke for enchanting his mother. "I thought you wanted to destroy Burke."

"Such heat," she grinned. "Burke will be difficult to defeat. He is quite powerful."

"So are we!" Fatima exclaimed. "We kicked Ms. Franklin and her scrawny bitch's ass."

"And while you did that, Burke lurked beneath your nose."

"So what! We'll kick his ass, too. He's scared of us."

"Why do you think that?" Zaritha frowned.

"He sent you to kill Fumi and get her bow." Fatima brandished her spear. "These are power, and he's going to run scared before them."

"And you are just going to attack him?" snorted the Ifrit. "You would die. Do not think he's afraid of you. He is merely cautious. I was trapped by him. He is powerful."

"Then what do you propose?" Britney asked. "If he is powerful, then how may we contend against him?"

"What do you know of a sorcerer's power?"

"A sorcerer, witch, warlock, of one of the myriad other words used to name an individual that has entered into a covenant with a powerful spirit that often masquerades as a god or goddess. This individual than draws upon that spirits power, channeled through his aura, to effect spells. Usually, a prayer or invocation is uttered and the patron spirit sends the power to the individual."

"Exactly," Zaritha nodded. "And you can see the limitation."

"I don't," Kyle said, glancing around.

"There are two weaknesses to such methods," Britney explained. "One, the invoker can be stopped from uttering the prayer by silencing his voice in some manner. Though I have read a truly great practitioner could utter his prayer in his thoughts."

"And we should assume Burke is one of those," Fumi said.

"A safe assumption."

"So the other way is to cut him off from his patron spirit?" Kyle asked.

Britney nodded. "Yes. If you could interrupt that connection, for whatever reason, he would be powerless."

"Well, how could we do that?"

"Phillipa?" Britney asked, turning to the SUV.

Her mate stepped out, the water bending around her as she strode forward. Britney put an arm around her, pulling her tight. "Let me think," Phillipa said.

"I was contained in a magical circle," Aaliyah said, a hard edge to her voice.

The witch flinched and pressed tighter against Britney. "Perhaps. But how could we get him trapped in it?"

"Lure him somewhere," Fumi suggested. "Have it drawn on the floor and wait for him to step in it."

"But he's human," Phillipa said, shaking her head. "The circle could cut off his connection to Hecate, but he'd still be able to just step across it. Unlike Aaliyah, who is a spiritual being, he wouldn't be trapped by it."

"Then make it so big he can't avoid it easily."

"Like at his house?"

Zaritha shuddered. "His house has many protections about it. I'm not sure that is a good idea."

Kyle squeezed his fist. "Well, there's only one other place we know he can be at."

"You want to attack the high school?" Britney asked.

"I like it!" Fatima grinned. "Let's just go into his office and make him release Mom!"

Britney peered at him. "But would he not have defenses at the school?"

"He must," Fumi agreed.

"But they would not be as formidable," the Ifrit said. "Students and teachers traipse all over that school. He couldn't have anything too dangers set up or there would be accidents. And that would attract notice."

"So we put a magic circle around the whole school. Is that possible?" He glanced at Phillipa.

"No. I could never power such a circle."

"Aaliyah could," Fatima said. "Right?"

"In theory, but that seems far out of the scope of Hearth and Harem."

"I could be the foci," Zaritha suggested. "You could feed me your power without needing to grant a wish to your mortal master. That should get around your limitation. Then I feed it to the witch and she can power the circle."

"I thought you would be fighting with us," Kyle frowned.

"If there's a magic circle up, I'd be helpless. Besides, if you can't handle him by yourself once he's divorced from his goddess's powers than we cannot beat him."

"We can kick his ass even with his powers! Right, big bro?"

"There is still a problem," Aaliyah said, folding her arms. "I will not give my powers to an Ifrit without certain safeguards."

Kyle glanced at his Genie wife, her arms folded. "And what are they?"

"She has to join your harem."

Zaritha gave Kyle a look. "You want me to serve a mortal, little Jann?"

"If you want to get revenge on your enslaver, then that is the cost." Aaliyah's head tilted back, her back straight as she faced Zaritha. She seemed so majestic. "Besides, it is the only way I could be certain I can feed her my powers. My father's limitations may preclude it otherwise."

Heat burned in her eyes, her breasts rising. Her face grew tense for a moment, a ghost of a sneer on her lips. "Very well. Kyle is a great lover. I can agree to that. Do we need to consummate it now?"

"I think that would be best," Aaliyah nodded, her back straight, her dusky face imperious. "A simple blowjob will do. On your knees, before your Master, concubine."

Kyle's cock was rock hard as Zaritha stepped forward, her clothes melting off. Her breasts were heavy and round, jigging as she walked. She fell to her knees, her fingers unzipping his pants and pulling his cock out.

"That's it, Ifrit slut," Aaliyah sneered. "Suck your master's cock."

Her mouth was hot and Kyle's back arched as she engulfed him. Her mouth sucked hard, her tongue flicking about. Gentle hands cupped his balls, warmth bathing through him. He gripped her black hair as rapture burned through is body.

"Fuck, she's good!" His hips thrust forward, driving his cock down the Ifrit's throat. Her dark eyes looked up at him, burning like coals. "That's it! Take my cock. You're my newest slut!"

She sucked harder, her fingers massaging his balls.

"You like being called a slut, don't you? I can tell. You're sucking harder. You're eager for my cum."

"She is going to town on you," laughed Fatima. "Make my husband cum, slut!"

"Yes. Prove how eager you are to be his," Aaliyah purred.

"He grows closer," purred Fumi. "I can smell his cum rising."

His balls tightened and his cum flooded her sucking lips. Zaritha swallowed, still looking up at him. His pleasure shot through him in intense pulses, his back arching. He loved this moment. One, last blast of cum filled her lips.

"Satisfied?" she asked, licking the traces of his cum from her lips.

"Yeah," Kyle panted.

"Then we should strike today. After school. He has to work late. That will be the best time."

"Sure. Let's get this over with."

"But, we need to ready the magic circle," Phillipa said. "There will have to be many anchor points for a circle that big. How am I supposed to walk around school all day and set them up?"

"What do they need?" Kyle asked.

"Silver placed in and around the school. A seven pointed star must be drawn and everyplace the lines would intersect both the circle and each other has to be at least marked. And there should be even more for a circle that big."

"The concubines could do it," Britney suggested. "If we give them each three or four points to mark, it will not look unusual. They could do it as they go about their day."

"The sooner the better," Kyle muttered.

"But wouldn't the markings get found?" Fumi asked. "It is a busy school."

Kyle frowned, thinking in his mind for the right wish. "Aaliyah, I wish for, um, how many would we need?"

"A circle this big, I'd say sixty," Phillipa answered. "We'll want lots of anchor points to make it strong."

"Aaliyah, I wish for sixty solid silver, invisible dildo that I or my concubines could use for pleasuring other women."

Aaliyah smirked. "Done. They are right there," she said, pointing down at dirt.

"Really, big bro? Invisible dildos? That's ridiculous!"

Kyle fixed his sister with a look. "Do you have another idea how to deposit silver across our school without them being easily found."

Fatima opened her mouth, then sighed, "I guess not. But dildos?"

"Harem," Kyle shrugged. "I work with the limitations I can."

"It is very wise," Aaliyah nodded.

"Then we need to map them," Phillipa said.

"I can do that," Zaritha said, fire flaring before them, the flames twisting around into a three dimensional map of the school then overlaid a seven pointed star inscribed by a circle around it.

"That'll work," he nodded. "Let's figure this out. Britney, I'd say this is your area."

The raven watched until Kyle, his women, and the Ifrit left the empty lot. It's master would need to be informed of his servant's betrayal. Ignoring the heavy rain, the raven took flight and winged to the school.

Detective Donnar's phone rang. He was still stinging over the lack of any concrete evidence found at Kyle's home. He was sure the little bastard was responsible for those four murders. He didn't have enough evidence to take before a judge to get arrest warrant after the search found nothing.

His cell phone rang. He pulled it out of his pocket. "Hello."

"It's Principal Burke."

"How can I help you?"

"I believe I have some evidence on Kyle's involvement in those murders. You really need to come down here at once. I'd bring some backup, too. It's pretty damning evidence."

The detective grinned.

Mt Shasta, CA

If you die, you'll never see Kyle.

Iris's words burned through Christy. She pictured the olive-tan face of her husband, his almond-shaped eyes full of so much love. The lust was driven away as she concentrated on her love for him. And his love for her.

He forgave her. After all she did, he had called her up and asked for her help. He want's me back! I'm free of Hecate! And he's forgiven me! I can't lose that now!

She bit down on the tentacle in her mouth, biting through rubbery flesh. Foul ichor filled her as the Incubus howled. She spat out the rubber flesh, gasping for air. The two tentacles driving in and out her pussy and ass worked harder, pleasure tumbling through her.

But she fought it.

She focused on her love, and cried out, "Ishtar, cool this Spirit of Tainted Love. Smother its ardor beneath your gentle caress."

The tentacles fucking her spasmed and twitched.

"No!" Sable screeched. "Hecate, inflame this Spirit of Tainted Love. Fan its ardor with your passionate breath. Let lust consume it."

"Cool your ardor, Incubus!" Christy yelled, pushing all her energy into fighting Sable's control. She had love on her side. "Purify this Tainted Elemental. Wash it clean of the foul energy that has twisted it away from Love. Let it once again be an innocent Cherub."

The tentacles began to withdraw, driven back by Christy's love for Kyle, reminding the monster of its true nature.

"No!" Sable hissed, her voice thick with hate. "Do not relent! Do not go back to being such a weak Elemental. Indulge in her flesh. Drink her passion! Taste her lust!"

"Cool your ardor and let love again flourish." The tentacles lowered her to the ground as the pink blob contracted and spasmed.

"No! You fucking bitch!" Sable screamed, drawing a knife from her pocket. "I'll fucking gut you myself."

Fear squirmed in Christy's stomach as she faced the unhinged witch. Sable's spray-tanned face twisted in murderous rage. She stalked across the cave, passing the blob that was glowing pink, morphing back into what it was always meant to be.

Sable stabbed at her.

Christy caught her arm, stopping the blade from biting into her flesh. The force of the attack drove her back, the sharp rocks of the cave wall biting into her back. Her sweaty hands gripped Sable's, striving to keep the enraged teen from gutting her open.

"I'll rip out your entrails! You betrayed the coven! Ms Franklin and our sisters are dead because of your treachery."

Over Sable's shoulder, a Cherub rose, white wings beating as the pink, angelic form floated into the air. "Cherub, pierce Sable's heart with love!"

The Cherub drew its bow and fired a pink arrow at Sable's back.

The knife clattered from Sable's hand. Her face twisted into joy. "My love," she shouted, then embraced Christy and thrust her tongue into the surprised girl's mouth. "I love you so much," she moaned between kisses. "Let me be yours always. Please."

"But ... I have a husband," Christy said, surprised by the reaction. She didn't intend to dominate Sable with love.

Sable fell to her knees, looking up at her with beseeching eyes. "Just let me be yours. Please. Let me be near you." Her hand touched Christy's naked thighs, sliding up to her groin. "I can please you."

God, she is beautiful. Christy's body was still burning with lust as Sable's fingers touched her aching pussy. And Fatima has concubines. Why not me?

"Will you be my concubine?"

"Yes! Please! Just let me be with you!"

"And you'll please my husband, too?"

"Will that make you happy?"

"Yes, it will, Sable."

"Then I will," she smiled and buried her face between Christy's thighs.

Christy moaned, leaning against the wall, Sable's tongue working hard and fast through her pussy. She gripped the teen's honey-blonde hair, humping her pussy into Sable's licking tongue. It wasn't the first time Sable had eaten her pussy out, but she had never been so eager before.

"That's it, slut!" hissed Christy. "Eat my pussy. You're my dyke concubine now, aren't you?"

"Yes, I am!" she moaned. "Thank you, thank you, thank you, Mistress! I'm so glad I can love you!"

Her tongue flicked at Christy's pussy. The pleasure burned hot through Christy. Her back arched into Sable's mouth, grinding her cunt on the eager witch's lips. Christy's hands found her nipples, tugging and pulling as her orgasm built.

Sable's hands seized her asscheeks, fingers dipping into her crack.

"Finger my ass! Make me cum on your lips!"

Sable's fingers shoved into her asshole. New, warm pleasure burned through her. Sable moaned, reveling in her pussy, humming against her clit. Christy's eyes squeezed shut and she shuddered and moaned. Her orgasm burned through her. Her stomach muscles clenched. She bent over her new concubine and creamed her lips.

"Did I please you," Sable asked, looking up.

"So very much," Christy panted. "I can't wait to share you with Kyle." Her eyes widened. "Shit! He needs my help."

"He's in danger," Sable nodded, licking her lips clean of Christy's juices. "My former master hates him and wants Aaliyah."

Christy froze. "You said Principal Burke was your master?"

Sable nodded. "He was also Celestite's master. She was working for him the entire time."

Panic flooded her and she looked around for her cell phone. It lay on the cave floor and she sighed in relief that it still worked. She called her husband, her hands shaking, eager to her his voice and fearful of the danger he was in.

South Hill, WA

Shannon pulled her SUV up, her face pale. "It'll be okay," Kyle told her, then leaned down and kissed her on the lips.

"Be safe," Fumi called, clutching her bow. Like Shannon and Mindy, she had no place at the school.

Kyle touched his wife's face and gave her an even more passionate kiss. "We will be."

They had to act like everything was normal. There was no way they could tip off Principal Burke that they were on to him. The concubines each had their invisible dildos, and knew where they had to be dropped. Kyle had a few in his backpack. He would take care of the first on the way to Math class.

"Remember. Act normal."

"We won't let you down, Master," Chyna said.

"And if there's any trouble, you retreat to the room." Everyone had a key that could transform any door in the school into a portal to an extradimensional room Aaliyah had created. Once they were in the room, they could exit out the rear, gym door. Shannon would be parked on the street not far away from there, and they could race to her SUV.

"We can do this," Toni nodded. "You can count on us, Master."

"This'll work, big bro," Fatima said.

He glanced at Aaliyah. "Maybe you shouldn't go."

"I have to. We can't appear to be suspicious." Kyle was certain Aaliyah was Burke's goal. It was the only thing that made sense. "I'll be fine. At a moment's notice, you just have to wish me by your side. I'll sound the alarm if anything goes wrong."

It didn't help to make Kyle feel better. "Okay. Let's do this. Just act natural." He wished the tremble in his hand would go away, but too much adrenaline was pumping through him. He opened the door and stepped out into the rain.

His intercom buzzed. "Detective Donnar is here to see you, Principal Burke," his secretary said.

"Send him in," he answered, pressing the button on his phone.

The door opened and the balding detective walked in. Through the door he could see a few more cops standing in the office. All his careful plans were falling apart. His raven had witnessed the entire meeting between Kyle and Zaritha.

How had that Ifrit been freed? Did Fumi do it? He pushed down his irritation. That didn't matter now. Kyle was moving against him today. His new plan just might succeed before Kyle was ready to attack. If he was cut off from his Goddess, he would have to rely on his other powers and Kyle was not to be trifled with. Not after the devastation he had wrought at the cabin.

Best to move now before he's ready to attack.

"So, what's this new evidence that you want to show me?" the Detective asked.

"This." He reached down and pulled his desk drawer. He seized a handful of feverfew blossoms, crunching the white petals in his hand.

"A flower? Seriously, Principal? Are you just jerking my chain?"

"Hecate, blind this man to the truth and feed him my lies."

The Detective's eyes widened as the spell fell upon him.

"And let his men also be blinded and fed my lies," Burke continued, the feverfew petals in his hand smoking, the vapors wafting out the door towards the other cops.

"Let them believe that Kyle Unmei is a dangerous threat. One that must be taken care of immediately."

The Detective blinked his eyes, then his face hardened. "We're here to take Kyle Unmei into custody!" The Detective's voice was thick with anger, his hand drifting to his gun. "Where is he right now?"

The bell rang, sounding the end of second period.

"Heading to his English class. Second floor. Room 207."

The Detective stood, striding out of his office. "He's going to be upstairs, Room 207. We're not going to take any chances with him. He's armed and dangerous."

"Right, Detective," one of the cops answered.

Burke leaned back in his chair, grinning. Then he grabbed his phone and dialed.

The phone rang twice. "Mrs. Skinner," Shadow answered, his servant poising as the Math teacher. "This isn't a good time. My third period class is about to start."

"When Aaliyah arrives, seize her and bring her to my office. Zane will accompany you."

"Yes, Master," Shadow purred.

Burke leaned back. Maybe it was all for the best that Kyle moved against him today. This new plan was fraught with risk, but he could end this annoying disguise. Five years he waited for the Jann's appearance, biding his time. His auguries had been correct and all the tedium would soon be at an end.

Kyle pulled on his shirt as the bell rang signaling the end of second period. He had English next, taught by his concubine Ms. Capello. He grabbed his backpack out of his locker, reaching into the back pocket and found the invisible, solid silver dildo. He had to drop it off on the way to English, then he would have covered every point he needed to.

"Hey, Kyle," Corey said, catching up to him as he walked briskly to the locker room's exit.

"Hey," he nodded as the shaggy-haired ginger caught up. "What's up."

"Dude, I had the craziest night. And it's all thanks to you."

"Oh, yeah?" Kyle wondered as he crossed headed out into the rainy courtyard that separated the gym from the main building.

"Aleah's sister was home last night and she made a gift of her."

"What, Aleah did?"

Corey nodded. "Her sister's just as submissive as she is and now I got myself a small harem." Corey made a fist pump. "Dude it's all thanks to you. Let me tell you, sisters in the same bed is so fucking hot."

Kyle grinned at him. "Glad to hear. I haven't tried that one out yet."

"You should, man." Their footsteps squeaked on the linoleum floors of the main educational building. "Well, you take care. Got to go to Math. I'll say high to your pretty wife." Aaliyah had math with Mrs. Skinner for third period.

Kyle dropped the silver dildo behind the trash can at the base of the stairs. "Oh, yeah, tell Aaliyah I'm done with my task."

Corey drew back his arm and made a whipping sound. "You got to control your women."

"She's a wife, not a concubine," Kyle laughed. "Not like Aleah and her sister."

"Who needs a wife when you got a pair of sexy redheads sharing your bed?" Corey grinned. "Later, man."

Kyle nodded, and turned to head up the stairs to the second floor when his cell phone vibrated. He whipped it out and his heart almost stopped.

It was Christy.

His hand shook, and an excited buzz pumped through his blood. Taking a deep breath, he tapped his screen and held his phone up to his ear. "Hey, Christy." He winced. I haven't seen her since the attack last week, and that's all I have to say?

"Kyle." There was such a cautious hope in her voice. "I got your message. I ... uh ... I'm really sorry I didn't get back to you. There wasn't cell coverage where I was."

"It's good to hear from you," he said, climbing up the stairs.

"You mean that?"

"I do. I meant what I said in the voice mail. I ... I miss you. Come back, we can work this out. Aaliyah's fine. Even Fatima's coming around. Slowly."

"Oh, so you she's fine now? You don't need my help?" She sounded crushed.

"No. But I need you, Christy." He swallowed. "If you can handle sharing me. I have three other wives. I want you to be with us, but..."

"I do," she whispered. "I get it. You can love them, and still love me. And ... I miss you so much. But there's something I need to tell you. You're in danger."

"Did Burke send someone after you?" Kyle asked. He hadn't thought Christy was in danger; she didn't have one of the artifacts like Fumi had.

"Yes. Sable"

"The witch that got away? Fuck, so that's what happened to her. Are you okay?"

"I'm fine," she answered. "I, um, I have a concubine now. I kinda had a Love Elemental hit her with its power and, well, she's probably going to be in love with me for the rest of her life. It was a pretty powerful blast."

Kyle laughed as he reached the top of the stairs. "Listen. I can't talk more. But I know about Burke. Can you get back soon?"

"I'm in California."

Kyle walked around the corner, nearing his English class. "Okay. I'll have Aaliyah wish you—"

"Kyle Unmei!" a voice boomed.

Kyle spun. The detective that had searched his house and three Pierce County Sheriff Deputies advanced on him, their boots pounding on the linoleum floor. The cop's faces were stony, their bodies tensed; Kyle's heart beat faster.

"What?" he asked, slipping into an aikido stance.

"You're under arrest for the murders of Michelle Franklin, Karrie Robertson, Rashawn Underhill, and Lorrie Gore."

There was no way Kyle was going to let himself get arrested. Not when they were so close to moving on Burke and saving his mom. He reached out to Earthbones, summoning his sword. Beneath the linoleum was a concrete slab and the vary strength of the earth that had been poured into it. He could—

A deputy pulled out a taser. Two darts streaked through the air and struck Kyle. Pain erupted through him, driving out all thoughts. His cell phone fell from his grip, Christy's urgent voice cut off as it shattered on the floor. Kyle's legs stopped working, the electric jolt robbing him of motor control. He fell sideways, the lockers rushing up at him.

His head crashed into metal. Darkness overtook him.
Chapter 23 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author




Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 22 |   Bottom
Chapter 23: The Watery Dagger
Posted: January 16, 2015 - 04:23:47 pm
Updated: January 16, 2015 - 09:32:24 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Wednesday, January 27th – Mount Shasta, CA

"Listen. I can't talk more," her husband said over the phone. Joy burned inside Christy. It was so amazing to hear his voice again. "But I know about him. Can you get back soon?"

"I'm in California." Some of her excitement died. It would take almost a full day of driving to get back home. Christy stood naked in a cave in on the slopes of Mount Shasta. At her feet, her new concubine Sable knelt, staring up with love. Just minutes ago, Sable had been her enemy, wanting to kill Christy for betraying the coven. But Christy had use a love elemental on Sable and now the witch was wholly besotted with her.

"Okay. I'll have Aaliyah wish you—"

"Kyle Unmei!" a muffled voice shouted over the phone.

"What?" Kyle answered.

Christy's heart beat faster. "What's going on Kyle?" she asked.

"You're under arrest for the murders of Michelle Franklin, Karrie Robertson, Rashawn Underhill, and Lorrie Gore."

Arrest? "Kyle! Are you okay?"

She heard some strange, buzzing noise, then Kyle cried out in pain.

Panic gripped her heart. "Kyle!"

The phone went dead.

She stared at her cell phone, her hand shaking.

"What's wrong?" Sable asked, still kneeling before her. Christy's enemy turned concubine, thanks to a Love Elemental, looked so scared, her orange, spray-tanned face twisted with concern. "Is it ... him?"

Burke! Anger began to replace fear. Burke was the man behind Christy's former coven, directing them to capture Aaliyah. Was Burke moving against my husband?

"We need to get to South Hill immediately!" Christy snapped. She could contact Aaliyah. If the Genie's telepathy worked at such a distance. But could Aaliyah answer my wish? It had to benefit Kyle and still fall under her restrictions of hearth and harem.

Guilt twisted her stomach. Would she even listen to me after what I did to her?

Rainbows flashed around her, Iris dancing in the air. "Iris, could you make a path that would get me to South Hill faster?"

I can she beamed. Is that what you want to spend your boon on?

"Yes! I need to be with Kyle right this instant. He's in trouble."

I don't move that fast, Iris giggled. Take Sable's hand and we shall travel upon the rainbows

She seized her concubine's hand, the other clutching her amber pendant swinging beneath her naked breasts. It wasn't too cold in the cave, but she really wished the Incubus hadn't ripped her clothes to shreds.

Rainbow light danced around them, then they were soaring through the skies.

South Hill, WA

Aaliyah wasn't able to go straight to math class after gym. She had to drop off one of the silver dildos. It also meant she couldn't walk with her husband across the courtyard before they had to split off. Beside the Gym was the music department. She slipped into one of the music rooms, unoccupied during this period, and threaded her way through the chairs and then the collection of drums and other strange instruments.

Her finger traced one made of different lengths of metal bars laid out side-by-side on one instrument. She tapped one with her fingernail and a sharp, chiming note rang out. She smiled and struck another one and a third before she remembered she had class.

"I cannot tarry," she sighed. School was something she enjoyed. It was structured and solid. Be here at this time. Then go there. So wonderfully ordered and solid, even if she had math class next. She dropped the silver, invisible dildo behind one of the strange instruments.

A thought popped into her mind. "I wonder if Fatima played with hers. I bet she did." Her cheeks flushed as she pictured Fatima working the invisible dildo out of her tight, bald pussy, her lips spreading up around seemingly nothing, revealing her beautiful, pink depths.

"Maybe Kyle would like to have fun in English. Ms. Capello could tutor him later and..." She sighed. We must attend to Burke and cleanse this wonderful place of his presence.

She crossed back out of the music room, not bothering to play the strange instrument. A minute later, she strode through the hammering rain, hunching in the coat she wore as she hurried across the courtyard to the main building.

The bell rang. She was late for class.

Her shoes squeaked as she strode through the hallway, water dripping off of her, leaving damp puddles in her wake. Her math class was on the first floor, and she quickly reached it, pushing into the door. "Sorry I'm late, Mrs, Skinner," she said, smiling at the woman.

"That is inexcusable," the teacher snapped, her face, framed by brown curls, stern. "Not right at all."

She looked down. "I'm humbly sorry."

"You need to see the Principal. Zane, come with us as well."

Her insides twisted. She couldn't go to the Principal. Everything she knew about High School said this was an overreaction. "Are you one of his?" she asked, backing into the hallway.

"Seize her, Zane!" snapped the teacher.

A tall, brawny youth stood up, one of the brawlers that played football. He walked towards her, his face twisted. There was something not right with his eyes. Kyle! she sent as she turned, and ran down the hallway.

Her wet sneakers squeaked on the slick floor. She stepped in the water she had tracked in. Her foot slipped, she stumbled forward, arms whirling. She caught herself on the beige lockers, struggling to keep from falling over.

Kyle! They're trying to capture me! I need you to wish me to your side!

A strong arm seized her as she pushed away from the locker, spinning her about. Zane loomed over her, pain flaring in her arm. She kneed him in the balls, just like Fatima would. She put all her strength into it.

He didn't flinch. No man could have taken that blow without flinching.

Why won't you answer me, Kyle!

Fear twisted the Djinn's stomach. They had neutralized her husband somehow. Principal Burke was on to them.

"Hey!" a youth shouted. Corey ran out of the classroom and seized Zane's hand. "What the fuck, man! Let her go."

Zane backhanded him. Corey flew back, landing on the ground in a heap, his legs twitching. He groaned, struggling to stand, a lump forming on his temple. No human could backhand someone with that much force. Sorcery had enhanced Zane.

Mrs. Skinner stepped out of the classroom, stepping over Corey's stunned form without a single glance. "Bring her," she commanded in a cold voice as she swept by.

Zane obeyed, dragging her along.

Fatima! Fumi! I'm under attack! Kyle's not responding! I'm on the first floor, down by the math rooms!

The bell rang, sounding the start of third period. Britney frowned at Kyle's desk. He should have arrived before the start of English class. Her hair bristled. Something was not right. There were no reasons he should have been delayed.

She caught Ms. Capello's eyes. The concubine looked tight with worry.

"Ms. Capello, I must use the restroom," Britney declared, standing up and striding to the door. She had to make sure Kyle was safe.

"Of course," the teacher nodded. "Find him."

"Find whom? Your husband, Ms. Capello?" Iseul asked, a sneer in her voice. She was Christy's friend and believed the rumors about Kyle's involvement in Christy's disappearance.

"Be quiet!" Ms. Capello snapped. "Everyone, read from stanza 314. Silent reading."

Britney strode out of the classroom, looking around. She had thought she heard something in the hallway, but it had been muffled by the walls and it was always so noisy between periods. On the ground was a broken cell phone, bits of plastic surrounding it. She strode forward; Kyle's scent flooded her nose.

And his blood.

Red smeared across a dented locker. She reached out with her mind, imagining the smooth surface of Waterclaw, hiding so much power in its blue depths. The katar flashed into existence in her hand. Kyle's scent was mixed with the burnt, ozone smell of an electrical discharge, gun oil, leather, sweat, and Detective Donnar's musk.

"That bastard," she hissed, striding down the hallway, each step longer and faster than the one before it. The change was coming on her, stripes darkening her face as adrenaline pumped through her system.

She leaped over the banister at the stairwell, landing almost at the base of the stairs, then strode to the front doors. She burst through the glass doors into the rain, looking around the parking lot. An unmarked car surrounded by a pair white, Pierce County Sheriff patrol cars turned onto 86th avenue, driving north from the school.

Britney hissed in rage, then pulled her golden, skeleton key out, stuck into the main doors and opened them. She stepped into the extradimensional play room Aaliyah had created. Every door on campus was connected to this room if the key was used. She immediately opened the door onto a biology classroom.

"Phillipa, come now!" she barked as the matronly substitute teacher, filling in for Ms. Franklin, blinked in surprise at her.

"Excuse me? Who are—"

Britney growled, baring her teeth. They were sharp now. The change was fully on her.

Her mate stood, grabbing her backpack. Phillipa rushed past her surprised classmates and stepped through the door.

"You just can't leave!" gasped the teacher, pushing down her fears to stride towards them.

Britney pulled the door shut. The substitute wouldn't be able to reach them now.

"What's going on?" Phillipa asked. "Is it Burke?"

"Probably. The cops have arrested Kyle. He was wounded." She opened the door and it looked out on the rain at the rear of the Gym. Shannon should be parked on the shoulder through the small gate in the nearby fence. "We are going to rescue him."

"Okay!"

Britney ran out into the rain, her mate following. She leaped over the gate, her body filled with energy that needed to be used. The SUV was twenty feet away. Fumi was climbing out, her asymmetrical bow, Windfeather, in hand.

"Kyle has been captured," Britney hissed. "Get in the car. We are going to rescue him."

"Aaliyah's under attack!" Fumi snapped, rushing by. "We need to save her."

"I protect Kyle first. He's the one I am sworn to."

"Well, I know Kyle would want Aaliyah protected before him."

Britney glanced at the Japanese teen as she strode to the gate. "Then save her. I am going to save Kyle." She ripped the SUV's door open, jumping in. Phillipa followed, fear covering her porcelain face.

"What's going on?" Shannon asked. She was the oldest concubine, the mother of Chyna, and her hazel eyes bulged with terror. "Are we evacuating?"

"Aaliyah's in trouble," Mindy, Kyle's newest concubine, said. She clutched her first aide kit on her lap. She had been a nurse until Kyle had claimed her.

"Kyle has been arrested. The cops are driving north on 86th Avenue. We are going to rescue him. Drive! Now!"

Her last words came out as a spitting hiss. Shannon yelped in fear, then put the car into gear, whipping out onto 128th Street, and performed an illegal U turn. The engine roared as she floored it towards the four-way stop sign where 128th Street crossed 86th Avenue."

"Which way is north?" she asked as the car braked.

"Right! And speed!"

"I am!"

Shannon ran the stop sign at 86th avenue, the tires squealing on the wet asphalt. Rain hammered on the roof, the windshield wipers squeaking as they wiped back and forth on the fastest setting, sloshing water off. Britney peered ahead. She could make out the cop cars crossing 9th Avenue. They were heading to the freeway.

"Faster!" she hissed.

Fatima hated history. It was the most boring subject. She sat in the back, her concubine Ann sitting next to her. She leaned back in her chair, her skin itching. She just wanted the school day to be over with so they could kick Principal Burke's ass and free her mom from whatever spell he placed on her.

Her eyes flicked to the clock. Only a minute had passed since third period started. Today was going to be so long.

"It'll be okay," Ann whispered, reaching over to take her hand. Her concubine had a sweet smile on her innocent face.

"Yeah," Fatima said, giving her hand a squeeze back.

"It's good to have you back, Fatima," Mr. Sokoloff said. "We were all worried when we heard you were in the hospital."

Fatima groaned inside. Everyone had made a big deal about that. It was so annoying. "Yeah. But I'm fine now. Eager to learn." She was proud she kept a straight face through the lie.

"Good. Because you missed out on most of the Reconstruction era. Which is just one of the most fascinating periods of our..."

Fatima! Fumi! I'm under attack! Kyle's not responding! I'm on the first floor, down by the math rooms!

Adrenaline spiked through Fatima at Aaliyah's fearful thoughts. She leaped to her feet. "Follow, Ann!"

"What are you doing, Fatima?" gaped her teacher.

"Going to save my wife!" she said, holding out her hand. She reached out for that wonderful, burning, ever changing fire as she rushed up the aisle.

"Sorry, sir," Ann squeaked behind her.

She reached the door, letting Ann past. Her concubine produced her key and stuck into the lock as Fatima's yari flashed into existence in her hand.

"Shit!" her teacher gasped as he stared at Fireheart. Three feet of steel rose from the point of her spear. She gripped the haft in her hand and followed Ann into the playroom.

"First floor, Mrs. Skinner's classroom. Hallway."

"Yes, Mistress," Ann gasped, her voice tight with fear.

"Then you go to the SUV. Do not follow me."

The door opened onto the hallway. Fatima leaped through it.

"Be safe! I love you!" Ann called.

Corey lay in a stunned stupor on the floor, his forehead bruised. Aleah, his concubine, cradled his head. "Which way did they go?"

Aleah looked up, eyes full of tears, a choker tight about her neck proclaiming who owned her. "That way."

Fatima dashed down the hallway, rounding the corner. Aaliyah struggled in the grip of one of the football players while Mrs. Skinner strode before them. Fatima grit her teeth, set her spear, and charged at the football player.

Karrie's dark eyes opened in terror...

Fatima pushed that memory down. Karrie had tried to murder Aaliyah. And this football player was trying to kidnap the Genie. She didn't hesitate then, and she wasn't going to hesitate now. The hulk turned as she raced down the hallway, her yari leveled at him.

He didn't even grunt as her spear was thrust into his gut.

"The fuck?" Fatima gasped.

She yanked her yari out, the wound oozing black blood. The hulk rippled, his skin fluid like the surface of a lake rippling after a rock had broken its surface. The skin darkened, growing hard and waxy. A carapace formed, thick and disgusting with spindly hairs.

"Kill her," Mrs. Skinner hissed.

The insectrosity's arm lashed out. Fatima caught it on the haft of her yari. The force threw her back anyways. She tucked her body, holding her yari out, as she spun. She landed hard, rolling and coming up in a crouch.

"Are you okay?" Aaliyah asked, clutched in the clawed fist of the insectrosity, dragged behind it as the thing advanced on Fatima.

"Fine," she muttered, slipping into her stance. Fire burned on the tip of her spear. She wanted to roast the insectrosity, but that would risk hurting Aaliyah.

The thing lashed out with its fist. She caught it on the blade of her yari, deflecting the blow. Her edge didn't do a thing to its hard carapace. She let its arm slid past, then thrust her yari's tip at its chest. Her weapon cut through his shirt, exposing more dark carapace.

"Fuck," she muttered, ducking his next blow, falling back. Poor Aliyah gasped and grunted as she was hauled behind the creature.

I need to be smart.

She eyed the creature, holding her yari up in a defensive posture, falling back carefully. No panic. She threw a look over her shoulder. She had couldn't back up forever, the hallway juncture was approaching. Twenty steps and she would be pressed against lockers.

"The joints!" Aaliyah gasped. "He's armored, but the joints are always vulnerable."

Fatima hadn't considered that. While she practiced sojudo in armor, she wasn't trained to actually fight an armored foe—it was only worn for safety. There were gaps in the insectrosity's carapace at the knees, the elbows, beneath the arms.

She feinted, stabbing for the chest. The monster's posture shifted, telegraphing his overhand blow for her head. She ducked, shifting her thrust down. Air rushed over her head; the insectrosity attack just missing. Her yari had a three-foot blade, practically a double-edged sword, at the end of a five foot haft, and the edge of her blade bit into the things knee joint.

It didn't roar as sinew and ligaments were cut. But it's leg buckled. She had wounded it. "Not so tough! I'm going to enjoy stepping on you and scraping you off my shoe, bug."

The shadows around her shifted, moving like oil slicking the surface of water. "Kill her, children," hissed Mrs. Skinner.

Fatima trusted her instincts. Shadows lanced at her, turning into stabbing spears. She was already moving, her body diving for the floor. She rolled, coming up in a stance; her arm throbbed. Her sweater was cut, blood oozing into the dark fabric.

"I'm going to kick your ass for that!" Fatima yelled, her anger burning hot inside her.

The insectrosity lunged. The shadows stabbed.

Fumi raced towards the main building, Windfeather in hand. She had never been to Rogers High School. She only had her instincts to guide her. The rain was cold, filling her vision with green streaks, making everything indistinct. She sent a gust of wind at the building, driving back the rain for a moment. The wind crashed into the building, rippling along its surface.

Painting a pair of doors green in her mind.

She raced towards it, everything growing fuzzy as the rain fell again. There were advantages to her new sight—it didn't matter that her long, black hair was plastered across her face and eyes by the driving rain—but there were disadvantages.

I'll never see the pink-white beauty of a cherry tree in bloom.

She pushed those thoughts down, ripping open the door and striding into the school. She stood in a hallway. Tiny currents eddied down a hallway, painting lockers in green across her vision andflowing around Fatima. Her wife was wielding a spear as she dodged the attacks of some horrible, vaguely humanoid monster, Aaliyah clutched in its grip. And between Fumi and the fight stood a woman, her arms moving, like she was directing something.

Something hazy, almost insubstantial, knifed out at Fatima. Her sister-wife danced, spinning her yari, the air distorting around her yari's tip from its fire, deflecting the insubstantial attacks. They were almost shadows of real objects.

Fumi fired at the woman directing the shadows. Her arrow planted in the woman's back. The woman fuzzed, growing as insubstantial as the shadowy attacks that threatened Fatima. Her arrow was solid, embedded in the midst of the shadows. The shadow woman grabbed her arrow, pulling it through her body, then throwing it to the ground, her body fuzzing back into solids.

"I see Zaritha failed to kill you," hissed the woman, turning to face Fumi.

She was already firing a second arrow. The woman fuzzed and ripped the arrow from her body, a cackling laugh echoing down the hallway. The woman's hands moved. The shadows lanced out at Fumi.

Fumi summoned a wind to pull her back, landing with grace on her feet, firing another arrow.

"These are useless against me," cackled the shadowy woman, her body fuzzing. She reached into her chest to pull out the arrow.

Fumi unleashed gust of wind through the air. Winds howled down the hallway, rattling lockers, knocking over a trash can tossing garbage. The woman's fuzzy figure blew apart. "Guess they're not so useless," Fumi gasped, relief washing over her.

"That's great!" Fatima showed, her flaming spear lancing at the big brute, attacking at its joints while Aaliyah struggled in its grip.

Fumi fired an arrow at the monster's elbow holding Aaliyah. His arm moved, her arrow striking carapace and clattering to the floor before it dissolved away into wind. Fumi drew a second arrow, watching the beast's movements, trying to time the perfect shot.

Shadows fuzzed in front of her. The woman reformed.

"You can't banish shadows, girls," she hissed. "We are everywhere! No wind can sweep us away."

Fumi fired her arrow at the figure. The woman fuzzed before her arrow landed, passing right through the woman. Then the shadows attacked. Fumi sent wind whirling about her, disrupting the shadowy essences. She was blind, she couldn't see past the fierce winds surrounding her.

Fumi needed a plan. She couldn't keep hiding behind her wind. That wasn't going to save Aaliyah. Fumi couldn't even be sure the shadowy woman was attacking her. She could have turned her attention back to Fatima.

How do you banish shadows?

Light?

Fatima had kept the woman's shadows at bay with her flaming yari.

"Fatima! We need to switch opponents!"

The SUV's engine roared as Shannon floored it down 9th Avenue. The convoy of cop cars that had captured Kyle were approaching the light at the Costco ahead. Shannon jerked the wheel, passing a car, the tires squealing on the rain-slicked road.

"How are we stopping them?" Shannon asked, her voice tight. "They have guns."

"And I have Waterclaw," Britney answered. She reached out to the rain hammering down, guiding the droplets that fell, gathering a ball of water above the SUV. Water could never be controlled or tamed. It could only be channeled and guided.

She channeled the water. The heavy ball arced away from her car, an orb of undulating blue. Britney watched its trajectory. It was on target. The ball crashed onto the hood of the lead cop car. The hood crumpled beneath the water's weight, the rear popping up, then slamming back down.

"Shit!" Shannon gasped.

"Stop behind them and duck behind the engine block in case they engage you," Britney said, the adrenaline flooding through her and the stripes burning black across her body. "Phillipa, follow me. I will need your spells to help defeat them."

"Okay!" she gasped, her voice tight with fear.

Britney reached over and gave her hand a quick squeeze. "It will be okay, my love."

She nodded.

The SUV squealed to a halt. The cops were climbing out of their cars, staring in amazement at the wreckage of the lead car. Britney ripped open the door, leaping out. The rain hammered cold upon her, matting her bristling, honey-brown hair.

She didn't care. She had to save Kyle.

A growl escaped her lips as she charged at the cop hanging back at the rear cruiser. He was leaning into the drive door, talking on the radio. He heard her growl and turned. The cop gasped, the radio falling from his hand as he frantically tried to rip his gun out.

"Knife!" he shouted right before her katar punched through his bulletproof vest and sank into chest. She ripped the katar out, the cop slumping down, blood pouring out of the thick hole.

Detective Donnar and the four other cops turned. Guns were drawn as she whipped her knife before her, sending droplets of rain streaking away from her, splashing into the nearest cops face. He stumbled back, blinking his eyes, trying to wipe the water away.

Guns barked.

Britney was already moving, diving behind the cop car. The air exploded with gunfire. Metal pinged as bullets raked the cop car she hid behind. She loved the thrill. She was testing herself against the best warriors Pierce County had to offer. This is what she was born for. She opened her mouth to let out a roar.

Phillipa screamed.

Britney's roar died. Her mate fell back, blood pooling out of her stomach. Everything faded. She no longer felt the cold rain, heard the barking guns, smelled gunsmoke and metal. Only a deep, dark rage filled her, surging out of the abyss of her soul.

They shot her mate.

Mindy crawled out of the SUV, her first aid kit in hand. Britney could do nothing for her Phillipa. Kyle needed to be rescued. The cops needed to pay for hurting her mate. The gunfire died. The cops were reloading.

Britney jumped onto the trunk, took two steps across the cruiser's roof, and leaped at the cops. She landed between two of them, Waterclaw flashing. One was Hispanic and he cursed as her katar sliced through the air and cut through his thigh. He collapsed in a spurt of blood. She spun about, coming face to face with the second.

His gun was pointed right at her.

He fired.

She channeled the water, forming a sheet before her. The bullets struck the water, slowing the bullets down as she ducked and rolled. Fragments of the bullet's copper jackets peppered her back with searing heat, burning through her soaked sweatshirt.

Britney ignored the pain. The cop's clip emptied. She guided the wall of water into a compressed ball and launched it at his throat. He collapsed, clawing at his crushed trachea. Britney peered around, looking for the Detective and the other two cops.

"Flank her!" Donnar shouted. "We need to keep her pinned."

Britney took a deep breath. Heavy, booted footsteps ran by the cop car she crouched against. She peered her head up over the hood. Detective Donnar's gun barked, sparks flashing on the trunk. She ducked and glanced at the trunk of the car. A cop's boot stuck past the fender.

She channeled water, a wall of rippling water springing up behind her as she charged at the trunk.

"How the fuck is she doing that?" Donnar cursed, his gun barking. She trusted the wall to protect her.

The cop crouching at the back of the trunk stepped out, his gun coming up at her chest. She reached out with her left hand, pushing the gun to the side. It fired, hot gas brushing her cheek, a searing-hot spent casing striking her left hand.

"Fuck!" the cop cursed before she slammed into him, punching with her dagger. She fell with his body, landing atop him, and jerked her katar out before ducking behind the cruiser.

"How is Phillipa?" Britney shouted, glancing at Mindy working over her mate's body.

"Bad. She needs an ER!"

Everything had gone wrong today. Britney knew this was all Burke's fault. I'll rip out his entrails and feast on them if Phillipa dies!

"Shit, Wilson's down!" a cop shouted.

"How long on back-up, Frank?" Donnar called back.

Britney peered around the trunk, her wall of water was still undulating and she could make out the Detective and the other cop crouching behind the damage lead car.

"One minute!"

"You hear that, Britney!" Donnar shouted. "You're a smart girl. You have to know that every cop in Puyallup and Pierce County is hauling ass for here. I don't care how you're controlling the water, you'll be cornered and die."

Britney didn't answer, a plan formed in her mind.

"Think about that poor girl bleeding out behind you. Your girlfriend is dying. Do you want that?"

"No!" she hissed. Her blood boiled. She had to end this.

She guided the water wall to her, adding more and more, forming a thick shield of water in front of her as she charged over the cop car. The shocks squeaked and the metal crumpled as she ran across the trunk and roof. She leaped to the second car.

"Fuck!" Frank hollered, his gun barking.

Bullets struck her wall of water, cavitation bubbles rippling in the bullets' wake. But her wall was thick enough, the bullets slowing so much they hit Britney with the force of a thrown rock, bruising the Rakshasa.

She leaped and landed on the ruined cop car, looming over Donnar and Deputy Frank. She could smell the fear on both of them. She threw the wall of water at Franks, crushing him to the ground beneath the waters weight as she launched at Donnar.

His gun barked. Pain flared in shoulder. She crashed into the Detective, her katar taking him in the belly. Donnar grunted as he landed on his back, Britney falling on him. She twisted her katar in his gut. "You shot her!" she hissed. "You shot my Phillipa!"

He coughed and sputtered, his hand twitching, then he fell still.

Pain burned in her left shoulder. The bullet was lodged against her shoulder bone. She ignored the pain, ripping her katar out. In the distance, sirens approached. More cops. She forced down the pain and walked to the unmarked cop car and ripped open the back door.

Kyle lay unconscious in the back, a sheet of blood covering his face from a wound on his temple. He still breathed, his face pale-olive. The cops hadn't even bothered to give him first aide. She unbuckled his seat belt and tried to pull him out with one arm.

"Shannon!" she shouted. "I need help!"

The cop cars were roaring towards them as Shannon ran over, her face pale. They screeched to a halt behind the SUV. Two cars, the cops spilling out, aiming shotguns at them. Despair filled Britney. She was shot, her left arm useless, blood pouring out of her.

"Sorry, Kyle." She slumped down as Shannon ran up.

"What are we going to do?" Shannon asked, her face pale.

"I fight," Britney growled, forcing herself to stand. She was a warrior. She was going to die swinging her blade. "Surrender to the cops once I fall."

"Fatima! We need to switch opponents!" Fumi shouted.

Fatima whirled her flaming yari keeping the stabbing shadows at bay. Mrs. Skinner, her body stained with shadows now, had turned her attention back to Fatima when Fumi had surrounded herself with whirling winds.

The insectrosity that had been the football player lunged, dragging Aaliyah behind him. Fumi's arrow struck his elbow joint. The monster roared in pain, releasing Aaliyah. The Genie ran into the corner.

"Finally!" Fatima shouted. She channeled her fire with all the anger inside her. Flames exploded from her yari, driving back the shadows attacking her and striking the insectrosity in the face. It lurched back, bellowing, its eyes blinking.

She dived past it, racing towards Mrs. Skinner. Her body seemed liquid now, made of inky shadows. Fumi's arrows streaked down the hallway and the creature behind her roared loud.

"Banzai!" Fatima screamed, aiming her yari at the shadowy teacher.

Shadows stabbed at her, halting her charge. She swung her fiery spear and the shadows were dispersed by her flames.

By my light. Just like the nightmare had been.

Mrs. Skinner took a step back as she approached, her flames burning brighter and brighter, a white-hot fire shining at the tip of her spear. She fed it with all the anger and passion possessed in her small body.

This bitch tried to kidnap my wife! She tried to kill me! She tried to kill Fumi! "How dare you try to harm the people I love!"

She lunged with her yari shining pure light. Mrs. Skinner's body rippled, flowing like shadows back away from her lunge. Fatima bellowed her rage, stabbing and stepping forward, working through her forms as she tried to let her blade find the shadow teacher's flesh.

"Stop that! Just stand still so I can kill you, bitch!"

"I am the shadows! I cannot be touched. I can always flow away from the light!"

Fatima stabbed.

"You can never touch me. You are a weak, insignificant worm. I will enjoy watching the light fade from your eyes!"

Fatima feinted, attacking to the left. Mrs. Skinner flowed to the right and she change her thrust. Mrs. Skinner reacted, her body rippling back away from the point. The tip of Fatima's yari was mere inches from finding the shadow's form.

It wasn't enough.

A great wind roared, sweeping down the hallway. It struck the shadowy teacher, pushing her forward onto Fatima's spear. Mrs. Skinner's body rippled as her spear penetrated shadowy flesh. Fatima pushed all her anger into her yari; the fire burned even hotter. Pure light shone through the inky teacher, dissolving the shadows, leaving unmarred flesh behind.

Her light flared so bright, Fatima had to squeeze her eyes shut.

When Fatima opened her eyes, an old woman was impaled on her spear, her body twisted by the ravages of age. The hag's body slumped, sliding back off her spear, a burned hole in her stomach, smoke rising in small tendrils up.

"Fatima!" Aaliyah shouted. Her Genie sister-wife threw her arms around, hugging her tight. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine!" Fatima said, hugging her back.

The insectrosity was gone, reverted back to his human form. The football player lay dead, his body pincushioned by Fumi's arrows. Fumi walked over, throwing her arms around the both of them, hugging them tight.

"What's going on?" Fatima asked. "Why didn't Kyle come?"

"He's been arrested," Fumi said. "Britney went to rescue him."

"We can't stay here," Aaliyah shouted. "Burke's office isn't far. He has to have heard the fight!"

Fatima glanced down the hallway, fear itching at her guts. Burke could step around the corner at—

She let out a gasp of fear. Burke appeared, his handsome face twisted in anger. "Let's go! There he is!"

Aaliyah produced her key, used it on the door, and opened it onto the special room. Burke's eyes narrowed on Fatima as he strode down the hallway. Aaliyah dived in, then Fumi, and Fatima followed last, slamming the door behind her.

"He can't get in here, right?" she asked, leaning against the door.

"No," Aaliyah said.

"What happened?" Ann asked, throwing her arms around Fatima.

"Why haven't you evacuated to the SUV?" Fatima asked, looking around at all the concubines.

"Britney commandeered it to save Kyle," Fumi answered. "I guess we just have to hunker down in here."

Christy hurtled down through the thick, gray clouds wrapped in rainbow light, her hand gripping Sable's. The clouds suddenly gave way to rainy South Hill, hurtling down at a group of three cop cars, the ground littered with dead cops.

What is going on?

The asphalt road rushed up at her. The rainbow light vanished and hammering rain struck her, ice cold knifing through her naked body. She stood next to a wounded Britney, the fierce girl's face twisted in rage, blood staining her shoulder. Kyle lay inside unconscious.

"What's going on?" Christy asked.

"Where did you come from?" Britney gasped, then she shook her head. "That does not matter. We are surrounded by the police."

Christy looked over and blinked at the cops aiming shotguns at them from behind their car.

"Mistress?" Sable whined.

"We need to work a sleep spell," Christy said, grasping Sable's hand. "Quickly!"

"Lie facedown on the ground!" a voice boomed through a megaphone. "Hands on your heads, ankles crossed! Now!"

"Ishtar," Christy chanted, raising her hand up as her amber pendant flashed between her naked breasts. Her teeth wanted to chatter so bad, but she forced herself to ignore the cold rain. "Protect your servant and put to sleep those that threaten her!"

"Ishtar," Sable chanted beside her, looking the opposite way.

"Lie facedown now or we'll ... open ... what's going... ?"

Ishtar's spell took affect, the cops dropping down, their shotguns clattering on the asphalt. Christy turned to Britney, shivers wracking the wounded woman's body and she hugged herself. "Let me heal you, Britney."

"No! Phillipa is hurt!" She pointed to the shot girl. "She cannot die. Help her."

"Sable," Christy said. "Go help Phillipa."

"Jade is alive," Sable whispered, using Phillipa's coven name, and stumbled over to the wounded witch.

"What's Phillipa to you?" Christy asked, touching her shoulder.

"My mate."

Christy blinked, wondering what had happened while she was in the Spirit Realm. No, that can wait. She cast the healing spell. She had worked it before when she healed her mother's ovarian cancer. The bullet worked out of Britney's shoulder, falling to her lap, then the flesh knitted back together.

She turned her attention to Kyle, grasping his head and bending down to kiss his bloody forehead. Then she prayed, "Ishtar, share your love with this man and restore him to his health." Her amber pendant flared bright, bathing his face. His angular eyes opened, staring up at her, blinking in confusion.

"Christy?"

"Yes," she whispered, tears joining the rainwater dripping down her face. She tensed, waiting for the hatred to appear in his face. He sat up, his arms reaching out, then he pulled her to him in the backseat of the cop car.

"You came back."

She shivered in his arms, absorbing the heat of his body as she clung to him. "You needed me."

His lips captured hers and she forgot all about the cold.

Burke's feet echoed as he strode down the hall, barely giving the corpse of Shadow a glance. He muttered a shield spell as he reached the door Aaliyah, Fatima, and Fumi had disappeared into. It was a janitor's closet. They were trapped like rats.

It was time to end this.

He ripped open the door, ready for their attack.

A mop handle spilled out. They were gone.

A great rage burned inside him. He turned, seeing the students peering out of their classrooms. "The school's on lockdown!" he snarled.

Classroom doors were slammed and locked.

"So Shadow couldn't handle some teenagers," the Vicar sneered as he strode up still wearing the disguise of the dead Mr. Skinner. Besides the useless Sable, he was the last member of Burke's coven. "She always was a useless cunt. You should have left her to rot in that Magyar hovel."

"Kyle and his whores are dangerous," Burke growled. "We have to assume the cops can't hold Kyle for much longer."

"What should we do."

"Something is keeping Faiza in her house. Take Braiden and Frankie and go fetch her. It is time to end this."

The Vicar smiled, a staff of black forming out darkness appeared in his hand. Then his body folded, teleporting through Darkness thanks to Shadowedge, the Ghul artifact he possessed. Burke strode back to his office. He had long prepared this school. It was time to activate its defenders. It was time to fight.

He was not going to let Aaliyah slip out of his hands again. For almost thousand years he had been obsessed with that lamp. Ever since he picked the lamp up from that Moslem's corpse and felt its power. He was so close. His fingers clenched, remembering the feel of the brass lamp slipping out of his fingers as the Mediterranean had swallowed them both up.

He opened a locked cupboard and pulled out a simple candle made of black wax. The focus for the spell. He lit it and the sickly-sweet scent of maidenhair leaves billowed through the air, wafting down all the halls of the school. Students, teachers, and janitors inhaled the scent.

They would defend their school.
Chapter 24 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 23 |   Bottom
Chapter 24: The Choice of the Mother
Posted: January 19, 2015 - 08:55:10 am

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Wednesday, January 27th – South Hill, WA

Kyle held the shivering Christy on his lap, her wet, naked body pressed against him. He was so happy to see her again. He had missed her this last week, fearing he would never see her again after she fled in guilt.

"I'm so sorry," she whispered when she broke the kiss. "I was such a cunt for what I did to Aaliyah."

"It's okay," he told her, stroking her damp hair.

"It's not. What I did was so terrible."

He held her tight. "You're back. You helped us save Aaliyah. You just saved me. That's all that matters."

"I don't think this is the time," Britney said, peering down into the back of the cop car. "More police are approaching. We need to clear the scene."

"Right," Kyle nodded.

Cradling Christy, he climbed out of the cop car and looked around. Phillipa stood with Mindy and—

"Is that Sable?" Kyle blinked. Last time he had seen the witch, he had struck her in the face with the pommel of Earthbones at the cabin the night he had rescued Aaliyah.

"She's my concubine," Christy whispered. "I, um, attacked her with a Love Elemental and she's going to be besotted with me for the rest of her life."

Kyle laughed. "What have you been up to?"

"A lot," she admitted as he carried her to the SUV.

"Master," Mindy smiled, peeling bloody, surgical gloves off her hand.

"What's going on?" Kyle asked, looking around.

"The police, bewitched by Burke, arrested you," Britney answered. "While you were incapacitated, Burke moved on Aaliyah."

"What?" Fear beat in his heart. "Is she okay?"

"I do not know. Fumi went to her aide but I chose to rescue you."

"What!" he growled, rounding on her. "Aaliyah was in danger and you didn't help her!"

Britney was unfazed. "I protect you, Kyle."

"You protect us all."

"But you first."

Christy shivered in his arms and he turned and walked faster to the SUV. If Aaliyah's hurt... He would deal with Britney if that happened.

Shannon climbed out of the SUV as he strode up, the MILF concubine smiling in relief. Kyle gave her a nod and ducked into the back of Shannon's vehicle. Christy gasped at the extra-dimensional space.

Aaliyah! Kyle sent, his heart hammering.

Did Britney free you? his Genie wife sent back.

Relief flooded Kyle. She was safe. Yes. With Christy's help. Are you okay?

Christy is with you? Her sending was full of confused emotions.

Is that a problem?

There was a pause. If she saved you, then there is no problem. I am with Fumi and Fatima and the concubines. We're in the room. Burke is after us.

That was easily fixed. I wish for all my wives and concubines in the room to be in the SUV!

Done! Relief spilled through her thoughts.

In a flash, the back of the SUV was filled with his concubines and wives. Kyle was greeted by a great chorus of, "Masters!"

"We were so scared," Toni said, clutching Alexina.

"There's blood! Are you okay?" Chyna asked.

"I'm fine. Christy healed me."

Britney and Phillipa piled in. They weren't part of the harem.

"What's she doing here?" Fatima growled, standing in the center of the concubines, leaning on her yari.

"She saved me," Kyle said, pulling her tight.

"And I'm thankful for that," Aaliyah said, sitting on Kyle's right, hugging them both and kissing Christy on the lips.

"You forgive me?" Christy whispered. "What I did to you was so wrong, I..."

Aaliyah touched Christy's lip with her finger. "You saved our husband."

"Thank you," Fumi said, her bow transformed into her glasses and she hugged Kyle and Christy from the other side.

Kyle savored the feel of his three wives and looked over his shoulder at Fatima. "She made a mistake."

"Yeah, and I almost spent my life stuck in a nightmare because of her mistake." Her yari vanished in a flash of fire and she fell into the midst of the concubines, pulling Kayleah and Ann to her. "You can cuddle with the nasty bitch, but I want no part in it."

"Maybe I should go," Christy whispered. "I don't want to—"

"No," Aaliyah said. "You're part of the harem."

"Yes," Kyle agreed. "You're my wife. You're the first woman I loved."

She smiled and kissed him, her lips hot against his.

"Where are we going?" Shannon asked, pulling the SUV away.

Kyle knew he should answer, but Christy's lips were so hot and it was so wonderful to kiss her again.

"Home," Britney answered. "We need to bunker up and plan our next move."

"There's a lot of police heading this way," Shannon called from the driver's seat.

Christy shifted on his lap, her legs straddling him, her pussy grinding into his growing bulge. This really wasn't the time, but Kyle's blood was boiling and Christy was so wet and lithe on him, her tongue wiggling into his mouth.

"Can you cast a spell, Phillipa?" Britney asked

"Let me think. Perhaps veil. I could cloak the car in invisibility."

"That does not sound safe."

Kyle broke the kiss with Christy, turning to Aaliyah. Her dusky face was flushed and she leaned in, kissing him. Christy's lips nuzzled at his neck and cheek, joining Aaliyah's in a three-way kiss. I wish I was naked.

His clothes vanished, his hard cock pressing into Christy's wet pussy. She moaned, grinding harder, sliding her wet silk across his girth. Her hips shifted, the tip of his cock nuzzling her hole, and then she engulfed him. It was so wonderful to be buried inside her and he let out a deep groan.

"Does her pussy feel good?" purred Fumi.

"Yes," Kyle groaned.

Christy turned her head, looking at Fumi. "Hi!" she purred, her hips rising up and down. "So, you're Fumi?"

"Yes. We didn't have time to properly meet last week at the cabin. Does our husband's cock feel good inside you."

"So good," she panted, leaning back, her perky tits bouncing before Kyle's face. Aaliyah captured one pink nipple, Christy's pussy squeezing down on his cock as she let out a pleased squeal.

"You guys are having fun without me," pouted Fatima.

"You could join us," Fumi purred. "Come squeeze between me and our husband."

"Come suck on Christy's nipple," Kyle said. "I know how much you loved to do that."

"She'll just betray us," Fatima said.

"I won't!" she moaned. "I'm all Kyle's! I love him! And you, Fatima! I was just a jealous bitch. But I get it now."

"Come join us," Fumi smiled. "I'll finger you."

"Fine," Fatima said, then wormed her naked body between Fumi and Kyle.

He had all four of his wives in his arms. Fatima's lips latched onto Christy's right tit, moaning as Fumi's hand wormed between her thighs. Christy's hips rose faster, her pussy tight and wet on his cock. Kyle let his hands slide down Fumi and Aaliyah's backs, cupping their supple asses, pulling them closer together.

"All mine," he groaned. "Finally."

"Yes! Fumi moaned, her lips nuzzling at Fatima's neck. "You finally have all of us."

His cock erupted into Christy's pussy.

"Master, you should finish up," Shannon said. "We're getting close to home."

"Yeah," Kyle panted, Christy gasping and moaning, her pussy cumming, milking the last of his cum out of his cock.

"I'm so close," Fatima panted.

The SUV turned the corner onto Kyle's street. Shannon hit the brakes.

"What's wrong?" Kyle asked, his thoughts heavy with lust.

"Get your weapon's Master!" gasped Shannon. "The front of the house has been ripped open!"

Christy slid off of him, gasping for breath. Kyle stood up, walking forward and peering out the front windshield. Through the driving rain he could see the front of his gray house smashed open, splintered lumber dotting the lawn. "Aaliyah, clothes!" In a flash of yellow, Kyle was clothed.

"Step on it, Shannon!" Fatima shouted, her yari appearing in a burst of flames.

Kyle reached out, remembering how Earthbones felt in his hand, bearing the strength of the very earth. His weapon appeared in a swirl of golden light, the katana glinting as Shannon sped forward. He held onto her seat as she slammed on the brakes. The SUV skid to a halt on the wet road.

Britney was the first out, her katar in hand. Kyle followed her, Fatima on his heels. "Stay in the car, Aaliyah."

"Phillipa and Sable with me," Christy said. "We're going to hang back and provide support."

Braiden, his former friend, stood in the wreckage of the house. Only there was something different about him. His skin had a gray pallor and was waxy, his legs and arms long and gangly. His head twisted almost all the way around to look behind him.

"Kyle," he hissed. "And the lovely Christy."

"What the fuck happened to you?" Kyle gaped.

"The same thing that happened to Zane," Aaliyah called from the SUV.

"He's been enhanced. Burke made him a familiar," Christy shouted. "That's really not him anymore. Burke ... despoiled him." Disgust was thick in her voice.

"I've wanted you for so long," Braiden hissed, his eyes focused on Christy. "Once Kyle's dead, we'll finally be together."

Anger burned inside Kyle. His mom was inside the house and he could hear something huge and hulking crashing through the house. Piles of dust, Aaliyah's homnoculi, littered the living room. Braiden turned, facing Kyle and his women, his body moving in a strange, jerky fashion.

Kyle didn't have time to mess around with his former friend. His mom was in danger.

He reached through Earthbones and commanded the ground beneath Braiden's feet to open and swallow the monster. Braiden leaped as the ground ripped open, soaring straight at Kyle. A green arrow flashed out and Braiden twisted in the air, barely dodging the missile, then landed at Kyle's feet.

Kyle shouted out his kai, focusing his attack, and swung at Braiden. The spindly creature writhed and wiggled, sliding his body around the blade and attacking Kyle's face with sharp claws. Kyle ducked the swipe and Britney hissed and charged in, her katar punching at Braiden's guts.

"I'll protect mom!" Fatima shouted. "Come on, Fumi!"

"Go with her, Christy!"

"Right!" she nodded. Kyle saw Fatima charge into the breech followed by Fumi and the witches.

Braiden danced away, laughing. "Christy is going to moan and cum on my cock. I've wanted that saucy bitch for so long."

"You can't have her!" Kyle roared, Braiden nimbly dodging another sword strike.

Britney hissed and stabbed, her face darkened by black stripes.

Braiden slithered out of the way. "I'll devour her cunt. She'll never remember you after she's had my pleasure."

Kyle let the words roll off of him. He found his center, focusing on his movements as Britney's katar stabbed, spraying water. He was fast and nimble. Britney was faster than Kyle was and she couldn't keep up with Braiden.

But they had the elements on their side.

"Bind him, Britney," he shouted, swinging his sword.

Braiden went to weave around Kyle's attack, but the rain falling about him caught him, wrapping around his body, Britney's katar shining with blue light as she controlled the water. Braiden's silted eyes widened as he thrashed in the rain's grip.

His sword cut Braiden in half.

Fire roared from inside the house, exploding windows, black smoke pouring out.

"Your sister is getting carried away," Britney said, already loping to the house.

"Yeah, she does that," he agreed, running after her.

Fatima roasted the monstrosity that had been Frankie, her fire consuming the creature and catching the wall on fire. Greasy smoke filled the air. She didn't care if the house burned down. Her mom was in trouble.

"Let's go!" she shouted, racing up the stairs.

"Let me deal with the fire!" Fumi shouted. "It's distorting the air. I can't see."

"I'm with you, Fatima," Christy shouted, her footsteps echoing behind her.

Fatima still had mixed thoughts about Christy. But she was following her into danger, so that counted for something. She reached the top of the stairs and turned into her mother's room. The door was smashed open and a pile of dust from one of Aaliyah's homunculi lay before it.

A man stood inside her mom's room, his arm held tight about her mom's throat. Fatima gaped at the placid look in her mom's eyes. She didn't struggle at all in the man's arms. Her eyes narrowed at the stranger dressed in a black robes, a pendant carved of some clear crystal flashing about his throat, a staff carved of a black wood in the other.

"Let her go!" she snarled, dashing forward. The man turned, placing her mother between them and Fatima stopped her charge, keeping her yari leveled at him.

"We will exchange your mother for the Djinn," the man said, his voice booming loud, a grin crossing his craggy face. He looked ancient, with tufts of white-gray hair circling the bald crown of his head.

"Fuck that! You let mom go or I'll gut you."

"Be careful," Christy said. "He's got a celestite aura. He has power."

"Doesn't matter. There's only one way out and that's through us." Fatima fixed her fiery gaze on the man. "So do the smart thing and let my mom go."

"You think this is the only way out of here? How limited your imagination is."

"Ishtar," Christy chanted, "protect your servant and put to sleep those that threaten her!"

The man's pendant grew brighter. "You need more power than that to bewitch me, child."

"Your time's running out. Fumi's putting out the fire and Kyle and Britney will be up here soon. You can't fight us all."

"True. You children have dangerous toys." His flinty eyes narrowed. "But so do I."

His staff crackled with black energy. The air warped around the man and her mother, bending and distorting like Fatima was looking at them through a the bottom of a coke bottle. Then the air sprang back to normal and they were gone.

"Fuck! Christy, what the hell was that?"

"I don't know," she answered. "It was that staff. It must be an artifact like your weapon."

"Well, fuck, where'd he go?"

Foot steps crashed nearer and Kyle burst into the room, his katana held before him. "Where's mom?"

"Some guy just took her."

"Aaliyah!" he cried out.

The Genie popped into view in a swirl of dust. "Yes?" she asked, looking around.

"I wish my mom is back here."

"I cannot affect her, remember," she said, placing her arm on him. "Not without her permission."

"Right," Kyle muttered. "Fucking Burke. Then where is she? I wish to know."

Aaliyah closed her eyes. "The principal's office at your school."

"Then let's go. The police will be here any minute. The neighbors are already gawking."

Aaliyah could feel the cold anger in Kyle as she pressed up against him in the back of SUV. His hard muscles were all tensed, his knuckles white as he gripped the hilt of his sword. Fatima let out a constant hiss of curses, each more vile than the last.

"Did everyone place their dildos?" Kyle asked. "Is the magic circle complete?"

The concubines all nodded their head. "We did, Master," Teleisia answered.

"Then we can still do the plan."

"We do not have the element of surprise," Britney said. "The enemy has retreated to a stronghold. Burke must have defenses at this school that—"

"He has my mother." Kyle's voice was a low rumble. "I will tear that school brick by brick if I have to. We are going with the plan. The witches will power the circle, drawing on Aaliyah's power funneled through Zaritha. Burke will be cut off from Hecate and we'll destroy him! Aaliyah, I wish Zaritha was here."

The Ifrit appeared in the center of the SUV, her dark eyes flashing with anger. "Why have you summoned me early?"

"We're attacking now," Kyle answered.

"Now? What has gone wrong? Has Burke learned of the plan?"

"Yes."

"Then we need a new plan. We can't attack now. This is stupid!"

Insolence danced in the Ifrit's eyes and Aaliyah narrowed her eyes. "You forget your place, Ifrit," she said, jutting her chin out. "You are one of Kyle's concubines. It is not your place to question your husband and master."

The Ifrit opened her mouth, a fiery retort on her lips, then her eyes bulged. She had sworn the oath to be his and that was a powerful act for a Djinn. "Sorry, Master," she muttered, her face twisting as she spat out the words. "We will attack. Are there any changes to the plan?"

"We have three witches to power the circle."

"Three..." Zaritha worked her lips, her eyes narrowing. "Very well."

Aaliyah peered at the Ifrit. Why does that displease her?

"We're approaching the school!" Shannon shouted.

"Once we get out, you keep driving. I don't want you or any of the concubines caught up in this. Park in that empty lot we met with Zaritha this morning."

"Yes, Master."

"But..." Mindy objected. "What if someone is hurt. You'll need my first aid bag."

Kyle reached out, cupping the nurse's face and peering into her green eyes. "I do not want any of you hurt."

"Yes, Master," she whispered, a tear spilling down her cheek.

The SUV screeched to a stop. Britney was the first out, followed by Kyle. Aaliyah went out last. The rain hammered down on the red brick buildings of Rogers High School. The three witches stopped at the entrance to the parking lot and a silver line flared up, reaching out in a curving arc—the magic circle they had drawn around the school.

"Good luck," Christy said, hugging Kyle. "Get your mother back."

Britney was hugging Phillipa as Aaliyah walked up. She embraced and kissed Kyle, Fatima, and Fumi. "You will be triumphant," she declared, fighting at her fear. "And we will be waiting for your safe return."

"We'll come back," Kyle nodded. "I finally have all four of you. I'm not losing you now."

Aaliyah watched as Kyle, Fatima, Britney, and Fumi strode towards the school, their weapons in hand. She clutched herself, the rain beading down the slick material of her jacket and hiding her tears.

"Let's begin," Zaritha said, seizing Aaliyah's hand. "Open yourself up to me, Jann."

"Mistress," she reminded the Ifrit. "And your future Sultana."

"Right." Fire danced in the Ifrit's eyes as Aaliyah opened herself up, then gasped as the Ifrit seized the vast power brimming inside her and directing it to the three witches. Their chants began, one praying to Ishtar, the other two to Hecate. The silver circle burned brighter, the air crackling with energy.

Aaliyah swayed, struggling to hold on to her senses as she poured her power into Zaritha.

The man who called himself Burke felt the magic circle powering up. The connection to his goddess was severed. He had expected this. There was no avoiding it. But he was more than a sorcerer. Burke had dabbled in every form of the arcane. Kyle would think him helpless.

He would disabuse the boy of that.

His eyes flickered to the Vicar and his black staff. "You would not survive challenging me," Burke reminded his follower.

The Vicar's flinty eyes held him for a moment. "Perhaps not."

"Split them up."

Students piled out of the school as they approached. Their eyes were all vacant. Their hands clutched makeshift objects, wielding them as weapons. The metal frames of chairs and desks, the broken wood of flagpoles, heavy textbooks, and whatever else the students could find.

"Burke," Kyle groaned.

With a roar, the students charged.

"Kyle?" Fatima asked, giving him a nervous glance. "Do we... ?"

"No." He reached into the ground he stood on with Earthbones and commanded it.

The earth rumbled and split, then thrusting out of the depths of the earth was a wall of bedrock, clods of dirt and the parking lot's asphalt spilling off of it. The students crashed into the wall, yelling and screaming. More of the earth groaned as he encircled them, pinning in the hundreds of students in a prison.

"That should hold them for a short time," Kyle said. "Let's go and deal with Burke."

"There might be more," Britney said as they ran around the wall of stone. "That may have been half of the student body."

"We'll deal with it," he said. "Burke's office is by the main doors anyways. Let's just hurry."

The wall was wide, covering most of the parking lot. He glanced at the sword and wondered what the limits of its power were. He had commanded all that stone to rise up and he barely felt winded from the effort.

Fatima outdistanced them as they reached the doors. Fire blossomed from her spear and crashed into the main doors, blowing them open and spraying the hallway with glass. Fire alarms squawked, and water sprayed down from the sprinkler system. Britney used Waterclaw to stop the spraying water.

"You always have to be flashy," Kyle muttered as he strode into the hallway.

An old man stepped out of the main office.

"Bastard! Where's my mom?" Fatima snarled.

"The terms are simple," the man said. "Your mom for the—"

The air warped about the man and he disappeared and then reappeared five feet away as one of Fumi's arrows streaked through the air. The man smiled, his staff crackling with black energy. "I was so glad that was your answer."

"You can't cast spells in here," Fatima shrugged. "You can just teleport about with that staff."

"Witchcraft is hardly the only form of powers. The very air is alive with power. The natural world is all around us, and it brims with energy."

The air around them danced and rippled. Kyle tensed, holding his sword up.

"It remembers what had once existed here. Before men had bulldozed this land and built this building. Nature remembers."

The building began to dissolve around Kyle, trees sprouting up from the ground, towering up and up, the ground rippling as curves and mounds appeared. The school faded and Kyle stood in a pristine wood.

And everyone else had vanished.

"Shit."

He looked around, trying to see anything but thick ferns and towering pine trees. Birds chirped in the trees, a deer and her fawn walked past in the brush, and mosquitoes hummed in the air. Sunlight streamed down through the dense canopy.

He stepped back and something brushed his shoulder. He whirled to see a tree branch touching his arm. He took two steps back, his entire body tensed. He reached into the earth, trying to sense where every had gone through the vibrations they made.

He sensed only animals.

The blow struck him from behind, cracking across his back and driving him to his feet. Pain flared and he coughed. His sword went skittering into the underbrush. He threw a look over his shoulder. No one was behind him.

The second blow caught him in the side. His ribs cracked and pain flared.

Fumi watched in amazement as Kyle, Britney, and Fatima all whirled about in confusion, then stumbled about in different directions. "What the fuck is going on?" Fatima demanded, whirling about, her spear almost cutting into Fumi's side. "Where did all these trees come from?"

"Trees?" Fumi asked. They were still in the hallway, the currents of air painting the walls bright green. Britney drifted down a different corridor, her body in a low crouch as she hissed and swung.

Kyle was nearby and she reached out to touch him. He jumped at her touch, whirling around and backpedaling.

"What is going on?" she demanded.

The man's struck Kyle with his staff, knocking her husband to the ground, Kyle's sword falling from his grip. Then the man cracked the staff into Kyle side, throwing him back. Kyle didn't seem to defend himself, looking around in bewilderment.

He cast some sort of illusion. Fumi drew her bow and fired an arrow at the man.

The air distorted and her arrow passed through nothing. Then the man was standing down the hallway. She change her aim, firing a second time but he teleported again before her arrow could reach him.

"You can see through it?" the man asked in surprise.

"I'm blind. I can't see anything."

He vanished. She looked around and—

His staff cracked into her back and she fell forward with a grunt, clutching her bow. She landed on her stomach, ignoring the pain, and rolled over. He stood over Kyle, raising up his staff to crack it down on her husband while he scrabbled around on his feet, his hands running across the floor like he was searching for something—his katana.

She sent a gust of wind out, striking the man, knocking his staff to the side so it landed harmlessly beside her husband. The man vanished again, appearing above her. She caught his staff slamming down at her with her bow, pushing back, then sent a violent wind down the hallway, pushing the man away.

"Little bitch," he growled, righting himself.

She gained her feet, whirling to face the man and firing an arrow. He vanished. She spun about, aiming directly behind her and firing as he appeared. He grunted in pain, her arrow embedding in his shoulder.

"You are going to be a problem," he grunted.

"Thank you," she smiled.

He vanished. She spun about and fired. He didn't appear behind her like she expect. She whirled around.

He was right in front of her.

His hands seized her and then everything distorted about them. She felt compressed, every inch of her flesh drawn down to a single point. And then it all popped back into normally. They were in a classroom, desks painted in green all around them. He pushed her away and she tripped over a chair, sprawling onto the ground.

He was gone by the time she regained her feet.

"Where am I?" She had never been to this school before. It was big, with several buildings, and she could be in any of them.

Her husband was in danger and she had no idea how to get to him.

Kyle scrabbled through the underbrush trying to find his sword. The ground was wet and covered in dried pine needles. A thick, loamy scent filled his nose as he searched. He shoved his hands into the ferns, trying to find his sword.

The attacker returned, cracking him in the side.

"Fuck!" he coughed, his sides aching as he breathed.

He couldn't see where the attacks were coming from. His foe was invisible. He peered around, hoping for some clue and wishing he had his sword in his hand.

The blow struck his left arm, numbing pain flaring up to his shoulder.

"I need to do something! I need my sword back!"

Then why don't you summon it, dummy!

He reached out and summoned his sword. It appeared in his right hand in flash of golden light.

The invisible attacker struck his right wrist. The pain was so intense. He wanted to drop his weapon, but he held it tight, pushing to his feet. He had to stay moving. He dodged around the trees, trying to stay out of the attackers reach.

His body hurt so bad.

How do I fight someone that's invisible? There has to be a way to sense him or make him appear.

He had dealt with an illusion before. The night he had rescued Aaliyah, the witches had glamoured the bridge and made it appear to be broken. When he had unleashed the power of his sword, the power of solid, real stone, it had banished the illusion.

"Yes!" he shouted, turning and swinging his sword down at the ground. He had to be in some sort of illusion. Yellow energy flared from his blade as he slammed it forward. The blade slammed into the pine-needle-strewn soil Yellow energy surged around him, whipping into the brush. Trees and brush vanished, replaced by a swath of the schools hallway and the startled expression of the old man and the black staff, an arrow embedded in his shoulder.

Kyle swung at him and he vanished in that ripple of light. Kyle let his swing carry him around. The man liked to teleport. If I could teleport, where would I appear? Behind my enemy. He spun about, his sword slashing through the air.

The air rippled, the man appeared, raising his staff up with one hand.

Those flinty eyes widened as Kyle's blade cut the man open.

The hallway was empty. Fatima, Fumi, and Britney were gone, split up by the illusion. Kyle was at the far end of the hallway from the main office. Ignoring the pain in his side, he strode forward. He was going to kill Burke and rescue his mom.

The forest vanished. Britney blinked in surprise, looking around. She had wandered into a classroom. Her hair stood up and she hissed, racing for the door. She burst into the hall and nimbly avoided colliding with the sprinting Fatima.

"What the fuck happened?" the younger Unmei asked her, leaning against her flaming yari.

"An illusion befuddled us."

"I thought magic wasn't supposed to work in here."

"Our weapons are magical and they work. We only cut off external magics. Whatever the illusion was, it was internal. He drew on the power already contained within the circle. I suspect it was shamanism."

"So Burke may not be as powerless as we thought?"

"Yes. Let us find your brother and Fumi."

"Right!" Fatima raced ahead towards the front of the school. Britney easily caught up.

The office was ahead and Kyle strode through the doors. They slammed behind him, a purple energy springing up around the door. Fatima slammed into it, bellowing with all her fiery passion.

And bounced off, flying back into Britney. The Rakshasa caught the girl, the pair falling onto the hard floor. Fatima rolled over her, regaining her feet. Britney hissed as she flexed her back, popping out into a crouch.

"Holy shit," the smaller girl gasped. "What was that?"

"Burke has activated some sort of barrier. I am afraid your brother is on his own."

Energy roared up behind Kyle. He glanced back at a purple barrier, wavering in and out through the door and walls. Fatima crashed into and bounced back into Britney. If Burke wanted to fight Kyle alone, then he was more than happy to give the bastard that.

Kyle kicked the flimsy door open to the principal's office. The hollow door splintered in, the cheap door frame ripping apart. He strode in, his sword held before him, ready to kill his principal. Burke was waiting, a dagger to his mom's throat.

"Hello, Kyle," he grinned, his brown eyes hard, narrowing.

"Let my mom go and I won't kill you."

"Threats, Kyle? Do you even know who you are dealing with?"

"Nope. And I don't give a shit. You let my mom go and this can end here."

"Did you kill the Vicar?"

"The man with the staff? Yeah. I cut him almost in half." Kyle grinned, the man's blood stained his blade. "And I won't hesitate to do the same to you."

The knife tightened at his mom's dusky throat, pressing in just enough for a bead of blood to run down to her blouse. His mom didn't react to the pain. Instead, she pleaded with him: "Kyle, you have to cooperate with him. He'll kill me."

"Then I'll kill him." Kyle said, trying to sound as hard and cold as he could.

"Now, now, Kyle," Burke purred. "Why be so blase with your mother's life. I know how much you love her. I watched the two of you last night. I could see how much you loved her body when she was gasping beneath you."

Kyle's grip was sweaty.

"Just give him what he wants, and I can be all yours," she husked. "You are an amazing lover. The best. So much better than your dad. I can be all yours."

Burke grinned, almost friendly, almost the kind-hearted principal. "Just hand over the Djinn and your mother can walk away."

"I can't," Kyle said. "I won't. I won't give you my wife."

"Then your mother dies."

"No!" His arms trembled, his stomach clenched. He needed to do something.

He reached into the earth below their feet. He could cause a small earthquake, jostle Burke and free his mom. It was dangerous, but he couldn't just sit here and let the man kill her. He commanded the earth to shake.

It resisted.

Never before had the earth failed to obey him. He put all his will into the sword, channeling it down into the earth. Shake! Rumble! I command you! Obey me!

Another will prevented him, ordering the earth to be still and calm. The will was far stronger than his own.

He caught Burke's eyes, saw the smirk on his lips.

"How? Your magic can't work in here."

"I have long studied shamanism. You may have cut me off from my witchcraft, but there are more ... primal powers that can be used. Now, lay down your sword or I will kill your mom."

He looked his mom in the eyes. He couldn't just stand here and watch her die. What choice did he have? He wouldn't hand over Aaliyah, but he could hand over himself. He lowered his blade.

"N-no!" his mom shouted, her face suddenly contorting in pain. She was fighting Burke's domination. "Y-you ca-an't. H-he'll kill..."

Burke snarled as his mom's body shook, trying to move in his grip, like her limbs were bound by invisible chains.

"Mom! Fight!" Kyle shouted, his spirits buoyed. He pulled his sword up.

"Drop that sword or I'll cut her throat!" Burke hissed.

"No!" his mom shouted! "I-I love ... you!"

He stared into his mom's eyes. She shoved her body forward. The knife cut into her throat. Her blood was a dark flood pumping out. A numb horror came over Kyle as she let out a gurgling gasp.

"I love you, Mom."

She smiled for a moment, then she fell limp in Burke's arms, blood sheeting down her body.

"Stupid bitch!" Burke threw his mom's body to the floor, then pointed his dagger at Kyle.

Kyle attacked, swinging his sword. His anger was a cold fire that drove his blade. He would avenge his mother. He would cut Burke into a thousand pieces.

Burke shimmered, his body melting like wax into a blob on the floor. Kyle's swing went through where Burke's chest had been. The blob became a gray-furred wolf that snarled and leaped, striking into Kyle's side. Teeth snapped and blood spurt from his arm.

He stumbled into a bookshelf, the wolf-Burke snarling at him.

"You killed her!" Kyle snarled, swinging at the wolf.

Burke shimmered into a small cat, leaping nimbly out of the way. In mid-air he melted into a cougar, snarling and swiping his claws at Kyle's legs, raking through his jeans. Kyle stumbled, catching himself on the desk.

He swung at the cougar as it advanced. The office was too small for the big cat to move effectively. Burke shimmered into a wolverine, launching at Kyle's wounded leg as Kyle sword swung over Burke's furry body, the blade crashing into Burke's desk.

Kyle ignore the pain of the wolverine's razor teeth biting into his calves. He reversed his blade, stabbing down at the wolverine's head.

Burke became a serpent warped around his thigh. Kyle's blade missed by an inch, stabbing into the floor. Fangs sank into leg. Venom burned, shooting pain up into his groin. Kyle stumbled back, dropping his sword, tears blurring his vision.

"No! You're not going to beat me, Burke!" The pain swelled with every beat of his heart. He reached down and grabbed the serpent's neck, prying it away from his leg, squeezing with every ounce of his strength. He would see the man dead even if it killed him.

Burke shimmered and flowed like wax. Kyle's hand squeezed harder, but the serpent's neck grew thick. Burke stood before him, Kyle's hand gripping the man's shoulder. The dagger, red with his mom's blood, stabbed into Kyle's side.

Kyle collapsed.

"I do not know why I was so fearful of this confrontation," Burke said, standing over him, the dagger stained with both Kyle and his mom's blood. "You were far weaker than I gave you credit for. Celestite must have been a fool to have been defeated by you."

Kyle struggled to hold on as his vision swam with black.

Burke knelt down, the dagger poised over Kyle's heart. "I guess it's just old age. I have lost that recklessness of youth. When you're young, you think you are immortal. That nothing you do can ever go wrong. But the older you get, the more you realize that you can die. And when you're as old as I am, well, you become too cautious."

I can't die. He'll kill my wives. He'll drain Aaliyah. I have to fight.

Kyle reached out his aura to his discarded sword, holding his hand before him, pointed at Burke's chest.

"Is this some last, desperate attempt at life?" Burke asked, amusement tinging his voice. "Humans always struggle to the bitter end. I love it. I'll make sure your wives fight—"

With a flash of golden light, Earthbones appeared in Kyle's hands, the blade thrusting right through Burke's chest. The principal's brown eyes widened in shock. He struggled to speak but the katana had ripped right through his heart.

"Your heart's not beating," Kyle croaked. "You only have a few seconds before your brain consumes all your oxygen and you black out. I'm the last face you'll see."

Burke gurgled, then his body collapsed forward atop Kyle.

Blackness threatened to overtake Kyle. His blood pumped out of his side and the venom burned through him. At least I protected my wives.

Something changed inside the circle. Zaritha could feel it. A great power had been snuffed out. Burke was dead. The bastard was dead! She wanted to laugh for joy.

But she had her mission to accomplish.

She ripped Aaliyah's powers away from the witches. The three of them stumbled, breathing heavily as the silver circle vanished.

"Kyle did it," Christy breathed.

Zaritha gathered her fires. It was time to kill the Djinn and fulfill her true master's orders. She lashed out with her fist, flames wreathing it. Aaliyah turned to face her and ... Zaritha hesitated. Her fist stopped right before it burned through the little houri's throat.

Why did I hesitate?

"Zaritha!" Christy gasped. "What are you doing?"

"You serve Rashid ibn al-Marid." Aaliyah eye's widened. "You were sent to kill me?"

Zaritha didn't understand why she hesitated. She had dispatched her Sultan's enemies for two thousand years without mercy, betrayed her own Sheikh for Rashid. But she couldn't bring herself to kill this little waif. The witches were spreading out. They would beginning to cast binding spells. She had to act.

She seized Aaliyah and pulled them both into the Unseen Realm. If she couldn't kill the bitch, she would drag her to Rashid and let her Sultan deal with her.

The crow watched its Master die through the window. The crow didn't care that the man who called himself Burke had perished. The crow didn't even care that for the first time in almost a thousand years, it was free of the man's control. The crow ruffled its feathers, flicking off the drops of water that penetrated through the pine trees boughs.

The Goddess seized the crow.

The crow had felt the Goddess's touch once before, that day in the crows distant memory when it had come across the drowned corpse of the knight on the lonely strand—Alphonse of Toulouse. The Goddess had reversed the knight's fate and had set the crow to serve him. And now she seized her servant back.

The crow took flight, landing on the window sill of Burke's office. The glass was enchanted by Burke to allow the crow's passage and it stepped through, hopping on it's black-scaled legs. It cawed once, savoring the smell of blood in the air.

But the Goddess wouldn't let the crow indulge in its hunger.

The crow alighted down on the woman's body, peering into her sightless eyes. The crow opened its mouth and swallowed the soul escaping her corpse. Its task complete, the crow took flight as a girl cried out in horror and pain, and phased through the window and out into the downpour.
Chapter 25 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author




Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 24 |   Bottom
Chapter 25: The Servants of the Sultan
Posted: January 23, 2015 - 08:36:40 pm
Updated: April 13, 2015 - 05:00:52 pm

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Wednesday, January 27th – The Unseen World

Aaliyah was held by fire.

Zaritha must serve Rashid ibn al-Marid Aliyah realized, fear spiking through her. She was in the clutches of the cruel Sultan of the Djinn. I allowed the serpent to nest in my bosom and treachery was my reward. Her powers had still been tied into the Ifrit, still feeding the witches and powering the magical circle around the school, when Zaritha turned.

She had been unable to defend herself. Not that Aaliyah could have done much to fight against an Ifrit with her powers restricted by her father's edict. Only with Kyle's command could she unleash her powers in any direct or meaningful way.

Zaritha has seized me and is carrying me to our enemies! she cried out in her mind.

Kyle didn't answer.

Zaritha was pulling them into the Unseen Realm—her home. They were between the dimensions. Perhaps her thoughts couldn't reach Kyle while they were in this nonspace. Fear clenched her heart. The Ifrit had reduced them both to the elements that formed their bodies. For Aaliyah, that was dust. For Zaritha, fire. And those flames wreathed her, trapping her dust in a prison of heat. She was helpless, unable to control where they went.

And she knew where they would appear. In Sahabah, the capital of the Djinn and the court of Sultan Rashid. If the Marid did not execute her outright for conspiring against the Sultanate, she would be thrown in a prison of sapphire. Her telepathy could never make it through the blue gemstone. She would be unable to communicate to Kyle and free herself.

She was never going to see him again.

No! He rescued me from the witches! He'll find a way to rescue me from the Marid. He has the weapons to be able to assault the Marid.

She was suddenly flesh. Zaritha's hand squeezed tight about her throat. She reached out for Kyle immediately. Her thought rebounded, striking sapphire. The gem was blue, the color of water and intellect—the Marid's color—and her thoughts couldn't worm past it.

But it wasn't the Sapphire Cells. It was dark where they were, but the crystal on her feet was rough, faceted, not smooth and worked like the cells. Zaritha's grip relaxed on her throat and she sucked in a breath of air.

"Where are we?"

"I don't know," the Ifrit answered, then fire danced above her outstretched hand, illuminating them.

They were surrounded by rough, crystalline walls. The light danced on the facets on the walls, floor and ceiling, reflecting the sapphire back at them. Aaliyah drank in the beauty of this place, touching the smooth side of a sapphire stalagmite thrust from the floor.

"We're in the Sapphine Caves," she whispered, looking at the Ifrit. "Why would you bring us here?"

"I didn't," Zaritha spat. "I meant to bring us to Sahabah."

"So you do serve Rashid."

"For longer than you have existed, little houri."

Aaliyah's cheeks flushed at the insult. "You will speak to me with respect. I am your future Sultana as well as your Mistress."

Zaritha snorted. "You will be dead when I deliver you to Sahabah."

Hope blossomed in Aaliyah's heart. They would have to leave the caves to travel to Sahabah. She would easily be able to contact Kyle and then he would merely wish her back to his side. Aaliyah straightened her back, putting an imperious tilt to her head. "Then let us go see Rashid."

Zaritha smiled. "You would like that. I'm not stupid enough to let you step foot outside of these caves without a diamond anchor about your throat." Just like sapphire stopped thoughts, diamond stopped teleportation.

"Then how do you plan to take me to your Master?"

"I guess I'll have to summon help."

"No." Aaliyah reached out and seized Zaritha's cheeks, staring into her red eyes. "You forget who your Mistress is. You will lead me out! Now!" She had to be strong. She had to have the will of the Sultana to get out of this.

"What are you talking about?" laughed Zaritha. "I serve Rashid. I am his most favored servant. The one he trusts with the most delicate of tasks."

"Like kidnapping me?" Aaliyah shook her head. "No. You were supposed to kill me. I saw the burning fist. You would have killed me, but something stayed your hand. And now we are back in our realm where you cannot kill me without breaking the Laws."

"Nothing stayed my hand!" snarled Zaritha. "I am supposed to bring you back to Rashid."

She's lying. She swore to be Kyle's concubine and she hasn't realized what that implies. "Then why didn't you take us to Sahabah? Why here? We're in Ghul territory. As far away from Sahabah as one can be."

"Something went wrong," Zaritha shrugged. "You interfered somehow."

"If I interfered, why would I dump us in the Sapphine Caves and not Khoshilat Maqandeli. My father's court would be a far better place to end up."

"What does it matter where we are!" Zaritha spat, knocking Aaliyah's hands back. "We're here and soon I will deliver you to Rashid."

"No!" Aaliyah seized her shoulders, staring into her eyes. "I am your Sultana. You are my husband's concubine. You swore the oaths. You are part of my harem. And you will obey me, Ifrit!"

"Never! I'll never serve a weak, little houri like you. I merely used your husband to enact my revenge on Burke. I am not your plaything."

"I disagree!" Aaliyah pushed down on Zaritha's shoulders, trying to press her down to her knees. "Submit and pleasure your Mistress!"

Zaritha's knees buckled, lowering down, her red eyes wide with confusion, then her fires roared up and she let out a scream and pushed Aaliyah back. Aaliyah stumbled, tripping on a facet of the sapphire floor and she fell on her backside, the Ifrit looming over her.

"You think you can dominate me!" the Ifrit hissed.

Fire burned about Aaliyah and fear flooded her for a moment. But the fire didn't touch her skin, only her clothing, burning it all away. She lay naked before the Ifrit, her dusky body heaving. Zaritha seized her black hair, pulling her face into the Ifrit's cunt.

"You will eat my pussy! Revel in a lowly commoner's snatch, Sultana!"

Her pussy smelled of spice, rubbing against Aaliyah's lips. There was something exciting about being forced. Her tongue licked out, pressing through Zaritha's dark labia and through her pink folds, drinking the passionate fire of the Ifrit.

"That's it, little houri! Eat my pussy. I see Kyle taught you how to be an obedient slut."

She worked her tongue faster, the Ifrit humping her hips against the Jann. Aaliyah wormed her tongue in deep, moaning and savoring the flavor of her. Zaritha's body arched, her moans echoing through the crystalline caves.

Aaliyah was skilled at pleasing a woman, her tongue lithe and agile. She found her hard nub, flicking it with her tongue, batting it around, stirring up Zaritha's pleasure. She nibbled, then sucked on the nub.

"That's it! Oh, yes! Such a skilled whore! Lick my pussy! Drink my passion!"

Zaritha came hard.

Aaliyah grabbed the Ifrit's knees and pulled. The woman was unprepared and fell onto her back on the sapphire floor, her round tits jiggling. Aaliyah moved quickly, straddling the Ifrit's face before she could react and shoving her pussy down on Zaritha's lips.

"And now you have to worship your Mistress, slut!" Aaliyah moaned, grabbing one of Zaritha's dark nipples and pulling hard, stretching out her tit. "Come on, lick my royal pussy! Revel in how wonderful I taste.

Zaritha's face struggled beneath Aaliyah's pussy, trying to escape, but Aaliyah kept grinding herself, smearing her aching cunt across the Ifrit's face. Pleasure tumbled through her as she forced the Ifrit to submit.

Aaliyah groaned when Zaritha's tongue parted through her pussy.

"That's it, slut! Submit and worship your Sultana!"

Zaritha moaned into Aaliyah's pussy, working her tongue through the Djinn's delicate folds. She sucked Aaliyah's labia into her mouth, nibbling and tonguing them, giving Aaliyah such wonderful pleasure.

Aaliyah played with Zaritha's nipples, stretching out her concubine's tits and letting them snap back down. Zaritha gasped and moaned every time, sucking harder as her breasts jiggled and shook.

"That's it! Make your mistress cum!"

Zaritha's hands wrapped around Aaliyah's waist, seizing her bubbly ass. Fingers dipped into her crack, teasing her backdoor. Aaliyah purred as the Ifrit shoved a finger deep into her bowels. The Djinn's back arched as burning pleasure filled her.

Her hips rocked, moving her clit to Zaritha's hungry lips. The Ifrit latched down and sucked hard on her nub, nipping it with her teeth. The pleasure swelled inside Aaliyah, growing to encompass her entire core.

And then it burst.

"Yes!"

A whirlwind of rapture filled her, howling through her body. She danced and convulsed on her concubine's face. Her pussy clenched, juices squirting out to flood the Ifrit's hungry mouth. Her cries of passion echoed over and over through the caves.

"So wonderful! That's how you please your Mistress."

Zaritha screamed, then pushed Aaliyah off. "I am not your servant!" She stood up, summoning fires to consume Aaliyah's pussy juices smearing her face and neck.

Aaliyah saw her opportunity and let herself transform into Dust so she could escape.

Zaritha's hand lashed out and seized the dusty whirlwind Aaliyah had become and forced her to be real again. "You will not escape me again. I will not fail like I did last time!"

"Last time?"

"When I sunk the ship carrying you to the bottom of the Atlantic. You should have just slept at the bottom of the ocean for eternity. You could have had your sweet dreams. But you repaid my mercy by resurfacing. Now you'll face the Marid's wrath!"

South Hill, WA

Fatima paced before the door to Rogers High School's main office, a barrier of energy blocking it, thrown up by Burke after Kyle went through. Britney and Fumi were nearby, both so calm and collected. Fatima didn't get it. She itched to be in there and kick the bastard's ass, to help Kyle rescue their mother.

"Come on!" she snarled, stabbing Fireheart, her magical yari, into the drywall. The spear's blade sank in an inch before it encountered the barrier.

"It encompasses the entirety of the office," Britney said.

"I know that! You don't have to tell me what is obvious!"

The purple barrier vanished.

"He did it!" Fatima chortled and dashed into the main office, passing the secretary's desk and burst into Burke's office.

She stared in horror at the carnage. A raven cawed, flapping away through the closed window.

Kyle lay twitching on the floor, the body of Burke sprawled across him. Kyle's katana, Earthbones, was thrust through Burke's body, the blade stained with the warlock's blood. Fatima's mother lay on the floor farther in the office, her throat cut, blood staining the front of her clothes.

"Mommy?" Fatima whispered, her yari falling from her grip. She crossed the room, falling to her knees before Faiza Unmei. She touched her cheek. She was warm. But not as warm as she should be.

"Kyle!" Britney snarled behind her. The Rakshasa grunted, a body thumped to the floor. "He is badly wounded. We need the witches."

"What about your mother?" Fumi asked.

"She's..." Fatima couldn't bring herself to say it.

"She is dead. Fumi, go and fetch Christy. Kyle needs her healing magic. I can smell venom on his wounds."

"I'm sorry, Mommy," Fatima whispered, brushing a stray lock from her mother's forehead. She leaned down and kissed her forehead. "I wasn't fast enough to save you."

"Aaliyah isn't answering," Fumi said. "I tried to wish Christy here, but she's not responding."

"Stay with him. I will go fetch them," Britney growled. "I can run fast."

"What's wrong with Aaliyah?" Fatima asked, pulling her gaze away from her mother's peaceful face.

"I don't know," Fumi answered, stroking Kyle's hair.

Christy let her spell fizzle as the last embers blew away. Zaritha and Aaliyah were gone.

Aaliyah! I wish you back by my side where our husband wants you!

Nothing happened. Aaliyah didn't respond.

"What just happened?" Phillipa asked. "Why did she do that?"

"I don't know," she answered, her insides clenching. This was the second time she had seen Aaliyah kidnapped. How am I supposed to tell Kyle she's gone this time?

"What do we do, Mistress?" Sable asked.

Christy looked at the High School. "We wait here until they come out. Just like we planned."

Her body trembled in the driving rain as she peered towards the school. What happened in there? Burke was clearly dead, but were there any casualties? Aaliyah had been the gateway of communication.

"There's Britney!" Phillipa called out with relief.

Christy turned and saw the inhuman girl racing towards them, crouched over, almost running on all fours. Her face was darkened by black stripes, her bushy-brown hair bristling like a fierce mane. In moments she had crossed the parking lot, stopping before them.

"Kyle is badly wounded. He needs your magic."

Fear clenched her heart. "Right."

They ran after Britney, the Rakshasa setting a more human pace. They raced around the wall of stone Kyle had conjured to trap the brainwashed students, their feet splashing through puddles. Britney rushed through the shattered ruins of the main doors, beckoning them onward.

Christy followed. At the end of the hallway a man lay dead in a pool of blood, a black staff lying by his feet. She paused, staring at the staff, her aura reacting to it. There was something familiar about it and—

"Christy!" snapped Britney. "Your husband is dying."

"Right," she nodded, ripping her eyes away.

She fell to her knees at Kyle's side. He trembled, his left leg was swollen and turning black, some sort of venom eating away at the tissue. She seized his hand, and cast the spell, "Ishtar, share your love with this man and restore him to his health."

Her amber necklace flared, feeding the power the goddess had given her through her aura and into Kyle's body. He convulsed, her power driving back the venom burning in his veins. She could feel the evil of it. This was no natural venom. It resisted her magic.

She clenched her amulet, forcing her will to focus, to banish Burke's foulness from her love's body. Sweat beaded her forehead as she warred for Kyle's body.

The venom was winning.

A hand touched her shoulder. Sable's tourmaline aura poured into her, adding power, enhanced by Burke himself, into Christy's. She renewed her fight, pressing against the venom. Phillipa's hand took her left shoulder, her jade aura joining the fight.

"You can do it," Fumi whispered.

"I can't," she groaned.

The venom was insidious, retreating before her healing power, sliding down veins and capillaries. Just when she thought she had it eradicated, the venom flared up in a different part of its body. Burke had crafted it to be impossible for a witch to heal.

I need to burn it out of him somehow. Every drop of the venom had to be destroyed simultaneously. "Fatima! I need your fire!"

Fatima stared down at her mother's corpse.

"Fatima! Your fire! Now!"

"What?" the young girl asked, prying her eyes up.

"Summon your fire and give me its power or Kyle will die!"

Life seemed to spark in Fatima's eyes. She held her hand out and her spear burst into flames. Fatima directed the fire, and the energy rushed into Christy's body, pure and hot. She poured that purity into Kyle's body, sending the flames into every part of his body, eradicating the venom.

She almost collapsed when she released the spell.

Kyle's eyes opened.

"Kyle!" Fatima shrieked, hugging her brother with a fierce passion. Then Fumi was wrapping her arms around the pair of them.

Christy smiled in relief, standing up on wobbly knees.

"You saved him! Thank you, Christy!"

"Yeah," Christy nodded. She wanted to hug Kyle, but she needed to grab something. "I'll be right back."

She headed back to the hallway, her heart beating for joy, and picked up the black staff. It hummed with power. An artifact, like Kyle's sword, but it didn't command an element. It commanded an abstract—darkness.

Shadowedge... The words appeared in her mind, rising out of the darkness.

Christy looked at the corpse of the man who had taken Faiza through a portal of darkness. "You used Shadowedge to teleport."

She could almost feel how to teleport, the staff almost whispering to her, and she reached out to the darkness present everywhere, merely hidden by the light. She opened herself out, letting her aura touch the darkness and opened up a hole. She stepped through it, her body folding and compressing, then she appeared at the other end of the hallway.

"How useful," she smiled.

"What are you doing, Christy?" Fatima yelled.

"We are going to have to flee," Britney stated.

"What?" Kyle whispered, sitting up.

Christy stepped into the room, clutching the staff the other man had been wielding. She knelt down next to Fumi, putting her arms around them. Where's Aaliyah?

"The police know we are responsible for killing several of them," Britney answered. "With Burke dead, it will only be a matter of time before the cops arrive here. We must be away. Flee the country."

"Fine," Kyle groaned. "Where's Aaliyah?"

"Zaritha took her," Christy whispered.

He blinked. "What?"

"That bitch!" snarled Fatima.

"When Burke died, Zaritha attacked Aaliyah, then the pair disappeared in fire."

Kyle's heart sunk. "She must be one of the servants of the Marids. Fuck!"

"And she's not answering us," Fumi added. "Zaritha must know some way to stop her powers."

Kyle refused to think of the alternative.

"She must have taken Aaliyah to the Genie world." Kyle grabbed his sword, ripping it out of Burke's body as he stood up. "That's where we were always heading for. Why wait."

"How?" Christy asked.

"You don't know?"

She shook her head. "Britney?"

"I know of no way to enter the Unseen Realm."

The certainty Kyle had felt for a moment fled him. His eyes turned to his mother's corpse. A black feather lay on her chest. He walked over to her, kneeling beside her body. She had sacrificed herself, breaking through Burke's spell to keep the bastard from using her against Kyle.

"Thanks, Mom," Kyle whispered, leaning down to kiss her forehead.

"We cannot stay, Kyle." Britney's voice was urgent.

"I know." He felt like he should be crying, but it was all stoppered up inside him. Aaliyah needed to be rescued. He could grieve for his mother latter. She would understand. Fatima squeezed his shoulder, falling down to her knees beside him.

"Bye, Mommy," she sobbed, her tears falling down on their mother's face as she bent down to kiss her forehead. "If I had only been faster..."

"Kyle!" Britney's voice was firm and harsh. "Sentimentality can wait! Unless you want to fight our way through the police."

"You're right." Kyle stood up, then bent down and grabbing his sister's shoulders, pulling her to her feet. "We need to find a source of information."

"We can start Googling when we are in the SUV," Britney said. "And perhaps our witches could cast a scrying spell. But first, let us depart."

Fatima sniffed. "There's Niqualmie. She helped Fumi out."

"Yes," Fumi nodded, a smile crossing her delicate face. "You love Aaliyah. You need to find her. Niqualmie would definitely be helpful."

"I do not see the harm in trying the spirit," Britney admitted.

"What's this Niqualmie?" Christy asked, slipping beside Kyle as they started walking out of the school, the butt of her new staff thunking on the ground.

"She's a Native American spirit that helps lovers," Fatima explained. "She's up on Mount Rainier."

"Yes. At Paradise," Fumi answered. "I summoned her by stripping naked and lying in the snow. She told me about the hot spring where I purchased the ability to sleep with Kyle and not kill him."

"Kill him?" Christy gasped. "What's this?"

Fumi explained what she was to Christy as they trooped out of the school and into the rain. Christy's mouth dropped and her eyes widened. The rain was still hammering down on them, but Britney used her dagger, Waterclaw, to keep them dry, bending the rain around them. Police sirens could be heard in the distance, racing towards the High School.

"Don't move anyone," Christy said. "Ishtar, cloak your servant and her companions with invisibility. Let none see us or sense our presence."

The air rippled around them right before a pair of Pierce County Sheriff patrol cars screamed by, blaring their lights and sirens, pulling in to the schools parking lot. The students Kyle had trapped in the circle must have come free from Burke's control and called for help.

"It is safe," Britney said. "Hurry to the SUV. Witches, can you change the vehicles appearance?"

"Yes," Christy nodded. "Though with the rain, I could only change the color. If I make the shape difference, it will be a little obvious."

"That should be fine. And the license plate."

"Not a problem," Christy smiled, squeezing the staff in her hand.

Kyle frowned. "Should you have picked that staff up?"

"Hmm?"

"The one that belonged to the Vicar."

"Oh, it's just an artifact," she answered. "Like your sword. Only it controls an abstract not an element. It uses Darkness to teleport."

"Darkness?" Kyle raised his eyebrows.

"That doesn't sound great," Fatima stated. "That sounds pretty shady."

"It's an artifact. It's not good or evil. Nothing about darkness is bad. Just like nothing about light is good. It's how you use them. I think it will be very useful." She looked Kyle in the eye. "Unless ... I mean, if you think it's bad ... I could get rid of it."

"I guess so," Kyle said, staring into her pleading eyes. "I trust you."

"You shouldn't," Fatima muttered.

"I do. She came back. She helped us. She proved herself."

Fatima flared up. "We'll see. I'm going to keep an eye on you, Christy."

Christy put her arm around Fatima's shoulders, pulling the shorter girl to her. "That's fine. I have definitely earned your mistrust. Be suspicious. I'll win you over."

"Master!" Chyna squealed as they rounded the corner into the lot, the SUV coming into view where it was hidden. His first concubine, her dark brown hair plastered wet to her dusky face, ran over. Her big breasts bounced in her loose sweater. Then her arms were tight about him, clinging to him. Thanks to Ms. Franklin's spell, she couldn't bear to be without her Master. "You're alive! You're safe!"

"Where's mother?" Shannon asked. All the concubines had started calling Faiza mother, showing respect to their mother-in-law.

"Burke killed her," Fatima said. "He ... he..." Her voice broke into sobs and her two concubines, petite Ann and bleached-blonde Kayleah hugged her, holding her tight.

"I'm so sorry, Master," Mindy, Kyle's newest concubine, whispered. The former nurse joined Chyna in hugging him.

"We need to disguise the vehicle and leave, Kyle," Britney reminded him. She had her own arms wrapped around Phillipa, her captive turned mate.

Alexina, Carla, Toni, Ms. Capello, and Lois pressed around Kyle, ignoring Britney, all trying to hold on to their Master. Only Teleisia stood apart. "Where's Aaliyah?" The Black girl looked about, her face growing concerned when she didn't see her Mistress.

Kyle broke from the mob of his lovely concubines and put his arms around Aaliyah's concubine. "We're gonna get her back," he promised Teleisia.

Fatima stared out the window, her soul weighed down with grief. She felt so cold and empty inside. She missed those passionate fires that burned inside her, filling her up and driving her to move about, to never stay still, to pester and annoy and love with such passion.

"What are we going to do when we get to Paradise?" Christy asked. "What if summoning the spirit doesn't work?"

"It will," Fumi assured her. "Everyone in this car loves Aaliyah. And Kyle loves her the most."

"Then we should all do it," Teleisia said. "If one person's love can summon her, it should be even easier with a dozen."

"It would prove to the spirit how dedicated you all are," Britney mused. "Which I surmise is the whole point of lying naked in the snow."

Kyle laughed. "Yeah. Way to state the obvious, Britney."

How can he laugh? Mom's dead.

She looked at her brother, the man she had loved for years, peering into his eyes. They were dark, hard as flint, but at least they were alive. Not like hers. She moved across the enlarged interior of the SUV, stepping over the concubines to Kyle. Fumi was on his right, Christy on her left, that Black staff clutched in her hand.

"Fatima?" Kyle said when she plopped onto his lap, pressing against his body.

"Give me some of your warmth," she whispered.

"What?"

She shifted, straddling him. "I need to feel alive. To feel something inside. I need to burn again."

"What are you talking about."

She seized his hand, pulling it to her budding breast beneath her sweater, forcing his hand to squeeze down on her pliant flesh. "This." His fingers pinched her nipple. She felt a stirring of life in her nethers.

"Is this really the time?"

Fatima pushed her hands beneath his sweater, feeling the warmth of his hard muscles. She moved up to his chest and felt the life beating in his heart. "Love me, big bro. I need to be filled with it. With something."

She pressed her lips against his. She tried to find the energy to kiss him, to thrust her tongue in and melt his bones with her passion. But no fires burned inside her. His lips moved, his tongue pressed into her mouth, his fingers pinched at her nipple.

She closed her eyes. His strong hands roamed her body as they kissed, sliding down to squeeze her bubbly ass through her skirt, up her side and fondling her immature breasts. His cock grew rigid beneath her, rubbing against her pussy.

Life grew inside her as the friction sparked kindling inside her.

She let out a sigh, moaning in disappointment when he broke their kiss to rip her sweater off. Her dusky breasts were exposed to her brother's hungry gaze. He bent down and sucked a hard nipple into his mouth, nipping and biting—the fires grew.

"Kyle," she moaned.

A second mouth engulfed her lips. Christy joined Kyle, sharing some of the witch's passion with her. A soft hand slid beneath her skirt, squeezing her butt as Fumi's lips kissed her shoulder, moving to her neck.

"Let me help you, wife," Fumi whispered in her ear, her fingers dipping into Fatima's butt-crack, teasing her asshole.

Fatima shivered and moaned in delight as her fingers penetrated in to her asshole, pushing in deep, igniting amazing pleasure inside her. Fatima found it so wonderful to feel again, to forget her grief for a few pleasant moments.

"I think the little slut wants this," Christy purred, her hand pushing between Fatima and Kyle, rubbing his throbbing cock.

"I do!"

The zipper rasped and Kyle grunted, "That's it, Christy. Guide me into her."

Fatima lifted her hips up as Christy guided their husband's cock to her hungry hole, sliding across her bare lips. The tip of Kyle's cock pressed to the opening of Fatima's burning pussy. She lowered herself, her back arching as she slid down every amazing inch of his thick shaft.

"Kyle! Oh, yes! I need this!"

"Fuck me, Fatima! I missed you so much! Let me feel your burning heat! Set me on fire! Warm me up!"

Her hips rose up, sliding around the tip of his cock, then slamming back down. She rose up again, humping faster. Kyle's hands seized her ass, spreading her open, making it easier for Fumi to wiggle a second finger into her tight backdoor.

"Oh, yes! That's it! So fucking wonderful!" Fatima bounced faster, Christy's fingers on her clitoris, strumming her, the witch's lips nibbling on her shoulder.

"Cum, little slut. Cum on our husband's cock!" Christy moaned, diddling her harder. "Let's hear your sweet voice."

The pleasure swelled in her core. Her hips slammed up and down, her fingers digging into Kyle's shoulder. He grunted her name, his head tossing back as her tight pussy worked its magic on his hard cock.

"Cum on me! Bathe my cock in your fiery lust! Do it, sis!" Kyle grunted. "Then I'm going to cum so much inside you."

"Do it!" she groaned. "Knock me up! Put a new life in me!"

"Cum in me!" she screamed, fires roaring through her. She was a woman. She could make new life.

"Fatima!"

His cum burned into her, a molten flood that her pussy drank up like a hungry sponge. Her walls contracted, muscles spasming in her stomach. She slammed down on him, burying him as deep as possible.

She collapsed against him, burying her face in his neck. Her fires died down. The horrible, numb grief was roaring back. But it wasn't as bad. She wasn't completely ash inside. Kyle held her. A new life might be growing in her. If not from today, then from all the other times they had fucked. She had her new family. Fumi and even Christy were there for her, along with Ann and Kayleah and all the other wonderful concubines.

It was a low, throaty moan that broke her out of her reverie.

"Britney!"

She threw a look over her shoulder to see Britney and Phillipa writhing together. Fatima's eyes widened as she witnessed Britney's cock plunging in and out of Phillipa's wet cunt. "She really is a futa!"

"We will be finished in moments!" panted Britney. "After the exhilaration of the fight, I needed to relieve some pent-up energy."

"Release away," Fatima giggled. "Knock her up. Then we can be pregnant together."

"What?" Kyle gasped. "Pregnant?"

"You might have planted a baby in my tummy," Fatima smiled. "You've fucked me enough."

"But ... I'm too young to be a dad."

Christy giggled. "I forgot to tell you, but the spell that bonded you and Chyna together is tied to the baby growing in Chyna's womb. You knocked her up that first time."

"What?" Chyna shrieked. "I'm pregnant with Master's baby? Ohmygod, ohmygod! That's amazing!"

"Maybe we should get a pregnancy test, stud, and see how many other women in this SUV you knocked up," Fatima giggled.

Fumi stripped naked with Kyle, Christy, Fatima, and the concubines, then plunged into the snowy field of Paradise on the slopes of Mount Rainier. The witches had bewitched the park ranger, making sure he wouldn't interfere as the troop of naked woman sprawled out into the snow.

"Shit!" Chyna gasped.

Fumi only hoped it wouldn't take as long as when she summoned the spirit last week. Only Fumi was a Yuki-onna and had resistance to the cold. The others were all humans. Kyle was in the center, his poor cock withering in the cold, shrinking so small.

I'll have to warm him up when we're done.

"Aaliyah better be doing cartwheels!" Fatima moaned as she sank down in the snow. "Oh, fuck!"

"No one has to do this if they don't love Aaliyah enough," Kyle said, stretching out. His muscles tensed as shivers wracked his body.

"I love her enough," Fatima huffed.

Their talking quickly died down as they looked up at the dark clouds. They threatened to snow at any moment. The weather could turn bad in a heartbeat up here. This was so dangerous. Fear beat in her breast as she kept looking around at everyone. They were all growing quiet, the cold seeping into their bodies already.

"No one fall asleep!" she called out, her body already starting to shake as the cold began to seep into her. "Just keep concentrating on your love for Aaliyah."

"Yes!" chattered Ann. "I need her back! Please, Niqualmie!"

Other concubines began calling out her name, sending out their need. Surely the spirit had to sense this much love and respond. The wind blew, blowing snow on their bodies, stealing any warm air that manage to accumulate around their bodies.

Such love... a voice whispered on the wind.

"It's her!" Toni gasped. "It worked.

Aaliyah...

"How do we get to her!" Kyle called out. "How do I reach my wife!"

Unseen Realm...

"Yes, how do we get there?" Fatima gasped.

"Please, tell us!" Christy shouted.

"Yes! I need my Mistress," Teleisia sobbed.

Majlis al Jinn...

Sahabah, The Unseen Realm

Sultan Rashid ibn al-Marid sat upon his sapphire throne as the petty grievances were brought before him. Holding court was always tedious, but he had to appear to care for all of the Hidden People, even the troublesome Jann. Sheikh Sihab ibn al-Jann was a weaselly, groveling Jann. So unlike his father.

Rashid felt Zaritha return to the Unseen Realm.

What is she doing back here? Anger simmered in him. If she had killed the Jann's daughter then why didn't she return straight to me?

And she had brought someone with her brimming with power. Aaliyah. He wasn't sure where they had appeared, he had merely sensed them entering. They were in a hiding place. But there were many of those around the Unseen Realm.

His anger grew at his servant's abject failure.

"Court is adjourned for the day."

The buzz among the courtier and nobles was great. The Unseen Realm was a place of stasis. He could already hear the whispered gossip speculating on what part of the Realm was slipping from the Marid's grasp.

How could she have brought Aaliyah here? I cannot spill the blood of a noble Djinn within the Unseen Realm. Not without cause. She had not, yet, rebelled. No law said her father could not offer his daughter's hand to a mortal. He could feel the blade hovering over his throne—that old crone's prophecy. Never before had he felt so sure that the blade would fall and end his reign. That Jann would spell disaster if she was not disposed of.

When the court was cleared, he summoned his most dangerous weapons.

Five figures strolled into the throne room. The air seemed to warp around the five individuals, the Unseen Realm rebelling at their presence. Each of these five had broken the shackles that bound their race, blaspheming against creation. They had made dark pacts with outside forces to keep from falling into Haawiyah and suffering eternal torment.

They could kill Aaliyah without consequence to Rashid.

"Great and Noble Sultan," bowed Makerah, the unbound Marid, an mocking smile on his lips. "What can your humble servants do for you?"

Rashid ignored the sneer in his son's voice.

"The Great and Noble Sultan does not want to dirty his precious hands," laughed Aljihm, a blackened Ifrit, his body fissured with glowing, red lines.

"Eat," snarled Jowah, the Ghul so twisted and bent he walked on all fours like a beast.

"Soon," purred Aalizunah, stroking Jowah's head like he was her faithful hound. The whorish Si'lat stood naked, her body ripe and inviting, an illusion hiding the twisted, vile thing she had become.

"And who do you want us to kill?" demanded Khiana. The Jann's stained beard bristled. Once Khiana had been a great foe to Rashid, but the fool had grown desperate. Now he cared about nothing except his greed.

"Aaliyah has returned home," Rashid growled. "She is in the company with my foolish servant Zaritha. I do not know why my servant did not follow my instructions. Nor do I care. Search the five Sheikdoms and find them. Bring me the Jann girl's head."

"And what do we do with your servant?" Khiana asked.

A sliver of fear went through Rashid. Zaritha can free the Ifrit from my control. She knows where Kalila is. She had to die. Kalila could never be freed. "I am greatly displeased with her. Dispose of her as well."

Jowah cackled. "Ifrit always taste delicious."
Chapter 26 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author




Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 25 |   Bottom
Chapter 26: The Passion of the Concubines
Posted: January 29, 2015 - 09:25:05 pm
Updated: April 13, 2015 - 05:00:55 pm

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Wednesday, January 27th – Paradise, Mount Rainier, WA

Majlis al Jinn...

"That's where we need to go?" Kyle demanded, his entire body trembling. He tired to ignore the burning cold as Niqualmie, the Native American spirit, spoke to him and his harem. Kyle, his three wives, and their concubines all lay naked in the cold, risking death to summon the spirit and find the way to reach Aaliyah.

The spirit didn't answer.

"Where is that?" he shouted. It sounded Arabic.

Silence.

"What do we do when we get there?"

"I think she's gone, Master," gasped Alexina. "I'm so cold. I can't move. I just want to sleep."

"Fatima, fire!" Kyle gasped. "Warm us up."

"Yeah," she moaned.

A boiling heat crashed down on them. Snow melted into billows of steam that wafted about Kyle and his women. Fatima's spear burned with fire. Fumi was on her feet, helping a shivering Toni stand up, his Cheerleader concubine's skin turning blue as she clung to his Japanese wife.

"We need to get to the SUV," Fumi gasped. "We need to warm up as fast as possible."

"Right," Kyle groaned, forcing himself to stand up. Other concubines were staggering up. Fatima held her spear, an arm around both of her concubines shoulders, her frail body trembling hard. "Get her to the SUV," he ordered Ann and Kayleah.

"We will," Ann promised, her strawberry-blonde hair matted with snow.

Kyle found Alexina still lying in the snow. Her blonde hair, streaked with pink highlights, was plastered about her naked form. He scooped her up in his arms, holding her tight. "I got you."

She sighed, a smile on her lips.

Christy held the staff she retrieved from Burke's dead servant. She bent over Chyna and Carla, both concubines clutching each other as they shivered in the melting snow. Christy touched them, then darkness engulfed the trio and they appeared by the vehicle. Kyle had reservations about that staff—it had belonged to the Vicar, one of Burke's minions—but it seemed to be useful. Christy, with Britney and Phillipa's help, hauled the freezing concubines into the SUV.

"Get out of the cold!" Britney yelled at him. She was fully dressed. Neither her or Phillipa had joined them out in the snowy field.

Kyle walked to the SUV, his feet sinking into the cold snow. His toes were so numb. He couldn't feel anything. Alexina trembled in his arm. Christy warped back into the field, grabbing her own concubine, Sable, and Ms. Capello, warping them back to the vehicle. She was amazing. Naked and cold, she was helping everyone get back to the car faster than he was.

His feet slipped and he almost fell. Alexina clung to him. His muscles burned and his toes felt like they were on fire as he stomped through the snow. He shook. He wanted to just lie down and let the cold steal through him.

He forced that impulse down.

When he was halfway across the field, struggling to keep walking, Christy appeared at his side, warmth rolling off of her. She must have cast some spell on herself, warming the air like Fatima had with her spear.

"Not me. Get someone else," he told her.

She smiled at him, pressing her body against his side. She was so warm and lovely. "You're the last two out here. Now hold tight to Alexina."

Darkness engulfed them. Their bodies were fold in half and turned inside out. There were no sensations except the feel of Alexina in his arms and Christy pressing against his side. Then their bodies unfolded.

He staggered as the cold crashed into him, almost dropping Alexina before he caught himself on the SUV. Shannon and Missy seized Alexina from his arms, pulling her inside the warmth. Christy went in, then Kyle.

It was warm and humid inside. So blessedly warm. Kyle's body was still trembling, his limbs burning with the cold. Hands seized him, his loving concubines and wives, pulling him into the mass of squirming flesh.

"We need to warm up," Alexina chattered in his arms, pressing her body against his. Her lips were on his.

"Hold and touch each other," Missy, a former nurse, explained. He saw her pulling Shannon into a tight embrace, their lips meeting in a kiss.

Kyle's cock swelled, no longer shrunken and tiny by the cold, but thawing out. Alexina felt so wonderful in his arms, her breasts pressing into his strong chest. Women gasped and moaned around him, the SUV rocking as they shifted about. Flesh pressed into his back, small breasts, wiry pubic hair, the scent of lilac—Fumi.

"Warm yourself up," Fumi whispered in his ear as Alexina's hands seized his cock, guiding him to her warmth.

Kyle groaned as he buried into Alexina's pussy. His hips moved, sliding his cock in and out of her. He rolled Alexina on to her back, holding her tight as he made love to his concubine. Her hands rubbed up and down on his back, the warmth restoring to her fingers as the passion built inside her.

"Oh, Master," she purred beneath him. "Warm me up hard!"

He stroked her face, the snow melting out of her blonde hair, and slammed into her. They had all survived the ordeal and he wanted to revel in all their flesh. He looked around and loved the sight. Shannon and Mindy had slipped into a sixty-nine, Chyna, Lois, Carla, and Ann were locked in a daisy chain, and Toni and Ms. Capello were tribbing hard. Kayleah licked Christy's pussy as Fatima straddled Christy's face, sliding her pussy about. Fumi feasted on Teleisia while Sable rimmed her ass.

Kyle loved his harem and only wished Aaliyah was here to join in on the debauchery.

"Cum in me, Master!" moaned Alexina. "Please. I need it. Make me warm!"

"Yes!" gasped Fatima. "Cum in the little slut."

His sister-wife ground her face harder on Christy's tongue, her budding breasts jiggling as she worked her hips. He loved watching his sister and he fucked the concubine beneath him harder. Alexina gasped, her body shuddering and her pussy milking his cock, eager for his load of hot cum.

Kyle groaned and erupted into her pussy, the cold all forgotten in the bliss of Alexina's cunt.

He needed more. His concubines had risked so much for Aaliyah. They deserved this indulgence. He crawled over to the daisy chain, pressing his body behind Lois's cinnamon skin, his hard cock rubbing on her ass. He could see her face buried into Ann's tight slit, licking hard. Lois loved pussy.

"I'm going to fuck your ass," he whispered into Lois's ear, pressing his cock between her butt-cheeks.

"Yes, Master," she moaned, the grinned, pussy juices smeared on her lips. "You're the only man I would ever fuck."

Kyle wrapped an arm around her, squeezing a round tit and thumbing her nipple. She shuddered as he forced his cock into her ass. She moaned into Ann's pussy, pressing her hips back. Kyle was glad Lois had submitted to him. She was a lesbian Domme and it was so hot that he had purchased her with the promise of pussy.

"Shit!" she gasped. "Lick me harder, Carla. Master's fucking my ass, so you need to eat my pussy out, whore! Oh, yes! I'm going to cum!"

"Yes, you are," Carla purred, her tongue licking harder, sliding up to brush at Kyle's balls as he reamed the Native American's tight ass.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Ann gasped, her body shuddering and Kyle could smell her sweet musk as she creamed Lois's lips.

Fatima seized Ann, pulling her concubine from Lois's lips and breaking the daisy chain. His sister scissored her legs with Ann, the two teens, the youngest in the vehicle, worked their maturing bodies together, grinding pussies.

"Fuck, that's hot!" gasped Lois, humping her hips into Kyle's thrust.

"Hump your pussy against mine, slut!" Fatima moaned, her arms reaching out and catching Ms. Capello's hand and pulling the teacher to her. Fatima sucked a nipple into her lip as Ms. Capello knelt. Fumi slid behind the teacher, burying her face in Ms. Capello's snatch and feasting.

The sight of his teacher kneeling, one wife sucking on her heavy, swinging tit and the other feasting on her pussy sent Kyle's cock boiling. He buried into Lois's ass, flooding her with his cum. Lois groaned and gasped, shuddering as he pulled out of her. Carla's licking mouth brought her off as Kyle looked around for someone else to fuck.

"Your cock's all dirty, Master," purred Chyna, her mouth sucking his cock into her lips, licking Lois's ass from his cock. "Umm, that's better."

Christy stepped over the orgy, her perky tits glistening with sweat, and hugged him, pulling him down to the floor. "Want to eat my pussy while that slut gives you a titty fuck?" Christy asked.

Kyle grinned at his wife, licking his lips.

Christy straddled him as Chyna's heavy breasts engulfed his cock, sliding up and down with her pillowy softness. Christy's neatly trimmed pussy reached his lips and he dug his tongue through his wife's tangy flesh. She moaned over him, then leaned down, licking the tip of his cock whenever it emerged from between Chyna's tits.

"Do you like my tits, Master?" Chyna purred.

Kyle groaned into Christy's pussy, working his tongue deep into her twat. "Oh, yes he does," Christy purred, her hips twitching as he pleasured her. "You're doing such a good job, slut."

"Thank you, Mistress," she grinned. "This is how we met. My tits wrapped around his cock."

Christy giggled. "That seemed so long ago." Her tongue licked Kyle's cock then Chyna's tits slid up again.

"I'm glad you came back. He missed you so much."

Christy popped the tip of Kyle's dick into her lips, sucking hard, then let go. "I'm so glad I came back. I ... I just wish I hadn't been such a jealous bitch."

So did Kyle.

But she was back and soon they would rescue Aaliyah. His tongue worked harder and harder into Christy's pussy, then he moved his lips down to her aching nub, sucking her clit between his lips. She squealed on his lips, her tangy juices splashing on his face.

"You are amazing at eating pussy," Christy sighed, rolling off of him.

"You taste delicious," Kyle smiled.

Sable's spray-tanned hands seized Christy, pulling her back and the pair fell into a writhing embrace. Fumi pressed against him, her bow transformed into a pair of glasses about her head, allowing her blind eyes to "see."

"You're close to cumming," she purred. "I need your cum in me."

Chyna pulled her tits away, holding his cock. "I insist, Mistress. Feed your pussy."

Kyle groaned as Fumi straddled him. It was so wonderful to be buried in her pussy. She worked her lithe body up and down on him, her pussy squeezing and milking him. She leaned down, their lips meeting in a kiss, her hips rocking, sliding his cock in and out of her silky embrace.

"I love you," she moaned. "My man. Cum in me, please! Give me your seed."

He grunted, feeding her succubus pussy the life force she needed. His cum squirted out of him in powerful pulses. She went wild on top of him, her pussy drinking in his cum. She shuddered and gasped, her small breasts rubbing into his muscular chest.

"Fuck me next, Master," Toni called out.

Fumi rested on his chest, nuzzling at her ear. "Go get her stud," she purred.

The orgy was dying down in the back of the SUV. Britney and Phillipa had retreated to the front seats, letting Kyle and his harem warm themselves up. As much as Britney wanted to move away from this spot, she let them indulge in their passion. They had all risked their lives and they needed the release.

And so did she.

"Are you hard again, my love?" Phillipa purred, pressing against Britney and reaching down to stroke her cock swelling in her sweatpants.

"I am," Britney shuddered. "You always excite me. It is a shame I do not have any of our toys here."

Her mate shuddered, reaching into her sweatpants to pull out her turgid cock. Britney, like all Rakshasa, was a hermaphrodite. Luckily, her species could breed with a human female, mating with the woman for life. When Britney had seen Phillipa naked and afraid at the cabin, she had known this was the woman she would love all her life.

And after I broke her to my will, she'll be my obedient and loving mate.

"Let's have some fun anyways," Phillipa purred. "You can bite me and claw me. It's almost like having nipple clamps and whips."

Phillipa was such a pain slut. And Britney loved to hurt her and see her pale skin redden with welts. Phillipa pulled off her sweater, exposing her creamy breasts. They were pale, slightly olive from her Korean heritage. Britney engulfed her dark nipple, pierced by the iron slave ring, nibbling hard, letting her teeth bite in like a nipple clamp, the iron ring hard against her teeth. She seized the ring between her teeth, pulling hard and stretching out her breast.

"Oh, yes!" Phillipa gasped in pain. "Harder. You don't have to be gentle with me."

"My mate," Britney moaned, her hands pressing beneath Phillipa's jeans, her sharp fingernails clawing at her asscheeks, leaving red lines that brought sweet gasps to Phillipa's lips.

Britney chewed harder on her breast, letting her mouth wander around, leaving red bite marks, every nip bringing such shuddering pleasure from Phillipa's mouth. Britney could smell her tart excitement over all the other scents permeating the vehicle.

She worked lower, pushing Phillipa's jeans down and exposing her black, bushy pussy. Britney inhaled that wonderful sent of her arousal, then bit her clitoris, clamping down. Phillipa bucked into her lips, shudders wracking through her.

"That's it! I'm cumming, Britney! Hurt me more! Make me scream!"

Britney nipped and bit her mate's pussy, tugging on her thick labia before she wormed her tongue into Phillipa's tunnel, digging as deep as she could, eager to please her wonderful mate as much as possible. She jabbed a finger inside, letting her nail scrap along the sensitive flesh of her pussy walls, loving the way Phillipa squeezed down on her.

"You know what I need! Thank you!" Phillipa moaned. "More! Make me cum again!"

"Gladly," purred Britney, nipping her labia as her finger scraped through her pussy to Phillipa's G-spot.

She scratched the bundle of nerves hard.

"Yes, Britney!" her mate screeched, her hips writhing in pleasure.

Britney lapped up her pussy juices as they flooded out, reveling in the sweet flood. She loved pleasuring her mate, pressing her face as deep as she could into the wonderful pussy juices rushing out. Her cock throbbed and as she licked her lips clean, it was time to fuck her mate.

Phillipa wrapped her arms around Britney, pulling her down and kissing her hard. Britney guided her throbbing cock to Phillipa's tight opening, jamming into her wet depths. Britney loved burying into her mate, joining with her.

"Phillipa!" she moaned, humping her hips. "That's it! Take my thick cock!"

"Harder! Fuck me harder! Make it hurt!" Phillipa shuddered beneath Britney, her hips rising to meet the Rakshasa's thrusts.

The seat creaked beneath them as they made love, their bodies moving together. Britney nipped and nibbled at her neck and cheek, moving up to capture her sweet lips, biting and chewing on them. Her fingers found Phillipa's nipples, pinching as hard as a nipple clamp.

Phillipa's pussy squeezed down on her cock, her hips bucking up to meet Britney's thrust.

The passion swelled inside Britney, moving down her cock to itch at the tip. Her thrust grew faster as she burned to cum in Phillipa's sweet depths. Her mate's hand slid down, squeezing her ass, then dipped lower.

"Phillipa!" Britney gasped as her mate's fingers penetrated her pussy, wiggling into Britney's wet depths. "You wonderful woman. Oh, yes!"

"Cum in me! Breed me!" Phillipa's fingers curled in her pussy, brushing Britney's own G-spot.

Her cock buried into Phillipa's tight depths. The cum erupted out of her. She shuddered and collapsed on her mate. Pleasure pulsed out of her and into her love. She captured Phillipa's lips, kissing her as the pleasure slowly bled out of her.

"That's was good," Phillipa sighed, nuzzling at Britney's neck.

Then Britney noticed what was happening outside. A winter storm howled and all she could see was white snow obscuring everything. She glanced back at the orgy. If Kyle had learned where to go, they wouldn't be leaving any time soon.

The Sapphine Caves, The Hidden Realm

Aaliyah stared at Zaritha, trying to peer into the Ifrit's mind and figure out her thoughts. It was clear to the Jann that Zaritha was conflicted on some level. The Ifrit had been ordered to kill her, but hadn't. And instead of taking Aaliyah straight to the Marid, she had instead dropped them in the Sapphine Caves.

And this was, perhaps, the greatest hiding spot in the entirety of the Hidden Realm.

Of course, so long as she was in here, Aaliyah couldn't communicate with Kyle through the bond they had. She couldn't let her husband know where she was. She couldn't even answer his wishes. She had no idea what was happening to her family.

"Are we just going to sit in here forever?" Aaliyah asked. Twice more she had tried to escape, but the Ifrit was too quick.

"I'm thinking," she muttered. The Ifrit was probably trying to work out a way to alert the Marid's where they were without letting Aaliyah communicate with Kyle.

"What you need to do is let me go. I am your Sultana and head of the Harem you belong to."

Zaritha scowled. "I serve Rashid, not you. You cannot be the Sultana without deposing the rightful ruler."

"But you can't deny you belong to Kyle. You swore the oaths. You are his."

"I didn't mean it," she muttered.

"That doesn't matter. You swore an oath. You cannot violate that oath."

"And what about the oath I swore to Rashid?"

"Marriage oaths supersede oaths of fidelity," Aaliyah reminded her.

"Marriage oath," Zaritha sneered. "A concubine barely swears that."

"It still comes first. You serve Kyle."

"Fine," she spat. "But I don't see him here."

"And I'm his first wife. You shall obey me."

Zaritha gave Aaliyah a considering look. "Kyle never clarified the structure of his harem." She smiled like a hungry cat. "So I'm not sure if I have to obey you."

Aaliyah narrowed her eyes. She needed to convince Zaritha to obey her or she was never getting out of these caves. She knew she couldn't defeat the Ifrit. Jann powers did not run to the martial like an Ifrit and her powers were bound by her father's edict. Until he released her, she could only use her powers to aide Kyle with hearth and harem.

"There is a pool of water over there," Aaliyah said. "I would like to bathe."

"Fine," Zaritha sighed. "Why not."

Aaliyah walked over, tugging on the chain and forcing her captor to follow her to the pool of water glinting in the sapphire floor. It was quite beautiful down here, all the crystal facets catching the light Zaritha had conjured, the gemstone walls sparkling with brilliance. The entirety of the cave was made of sapphire, blue as the ocean depths.

Aaliyah dismissed her clothes, one of the few, minor powers still available to her. She didn't even have to bathe herself, she could just make herself clean. Being presentable to her husband was an innate part of her duties.

But she had a plan.

A bottle of her favorite body wash and a pink loofah appeared on the floor. She didn't have to make herself clean, she could summon the items she needed to keep up her appearances. She stepped into the water, sinking down, shivering at the cold touch, her nipples hardening.

"Warm my bath, Ifrit," she said in her most imperious tone.

"What?" Zaritha demanded.

"As a concubine, you should know that attending to a wife in the bath is one of your duties regardless if Kyle told you to obey me."

Zaritha scowled, then sighed and touched the water. It warmed around her, the surface steaming. It was good that she was getting the Ifrit to obey her commands. If Aaliyah could train Zaritha into the habit of obeying her in small matters, she could work up to larger commands.

"Now attend me."

"You mean I have to bathe you?"

Aaliyah looked at her. "Of course. Use the body wash and the loofah and wash me, concubine."

"Fine." In a flash of fire, the Ifrit's clothes vanished.

She was quite lovely, with skin darker than Aaliyah and breasts that were large and round, nipples dark points. Aaliyah let her eyes drift down to Zaritha's sleek stomach and the dark bush that adorned her pussy.

"I'm going to enjoy watching your execution," muttered Zaritha as she squirted the lavender-scented body wash onto the loofah, rubbing it to produce a film of suds. She pressed the loofah hard against Aaliyah's skin, trying to make the experience as uncomfortable as possible.

Aaliyah didn't flinch. I need to be strong. I am one of Kyle's Sultanas. One day I shall sit by his side as he rules. I need to have the dignity and poise that befits my eventual station. I will not let this Ifrit get to me. I will master her.

Despite Zaritha's rough touch, Aaliyah's blood pumped warm through her body, racing down to her aching pussy and hard nipples. She was making this Ifrit clean her. She was beginning to dominate her. Just like when she had taken Teleisia as her own in Math class, Aaliyah was slowly exerting her power over this beauty.

She let out a little sigh as Zaritha worked on her ass, the loofah dipping between her crack to brush at her asshole. Aaliyah did so enjoy having her ass licked by a beautiful woman. Then Zaritha worked down her thighs, soaping her sleek legs, sliding up and down, the loofah tickling her shaved pussy.

"You're enjoying this," accused the Ifrit.

"Of course I am," Aaliyah purred. "It is always pleasurable when a bathing attendant washes you, teasing your body. It makes the orgasm that much more intense."

"Orgasm?"

Aaliyah nodded, looking over her shoulder at the Ifrit. "After you finish washing me, you get to have the honor of satisfying me."

"I won't."

"It's your duty, concubine." Aaliyah turned, her breasts jiggling, and stared down at the kneeling Ifrit. She ran her fingers through Zaritha's black hair. "Now be more gentle on my front. And make sure you thoroughly wash my nipples and breasts."

Zaritha grounded her teeth as she worked the loofah up Aaliyah's body. Aaliyah smiled, loving the defiance smoldering in the woman. She burned hot, but Aaliyah was going to channel that fire to consume what Aaliyah wanted, not Zaritha.

The loofah was soft and spongy on her breasts, brushing her aching nipples and sending more pleasure shooting down to her pussy and aching clitoris. Zaritha worked longer on Aaliyah breasts, teasing her, and Aaliyah did not hide the sighs that escaped her lips.

"Now lower," she commanded.

Zaritha took a deep breath, a tremble running through her body. She knew what was coming up. The Ifrit soaped down her stomach, the anticipation growing in Aaliyah's body as the sponge worked in circles closer and closer to her pussy.

She shuddered as Zaritha ran the loofah between her thighs, pressing it into the soft folds of Aaliyah's twat. The Jann grasped Zaritha's shoulders as her body trembled, the pleasure burning through her. Zaritha worked faster, pressing the spongy material into her lips, caressing the bud of her clitoris. Wonderful shudders shivered through her every time the loofah touched her clit.

But she wanted more.

"Use your mouth. Clean my pussy. Lick up every drop of my passion."

"Yes, Mistr ... Aaliyah."

Aaliyah smiled at the Ifrit's slip as the dark woman buried her face between Aaliyah's thighs. The Ifrit must have grown aroused at washing Aaliyah's lithe body, and now her tongue flailed through Aaliyah's pussy with passion.

"That's it. Lick your Mistress's pussy, concubine." Aaliyah shuddered, smearing her pussy about Zaritha's eager lips. "You're doing so good."

Both her hands held onto Zaritha's shoulders and the Ifrit wrapped her arms around Aaliyah's body, squeezing her ass and keeping Aaliyah from falling over as more and more pleasure burned through her. The Ifrit's tongue felt amazing, the pleasure intense and burning through Aaliyah.

"That's it! Lick me! Drink my cream! Worship your Sultana's snatch, slut!"

Zaritha's fingers dug into her ass, pulling the Ifrit's face deeper into Aaliyah's pussy. Her orgasm swelled, churned by Zaritha's tongue. Aaliyah squeezed her shoulders as her body tensed, eager for the cum to roll over her.

"Yes! So good! Drink it all, whore!" She shuddered, delight burning through her. Her back arched and her dark hair flew about her dusky shoulders.

She fell back into the water, still convulsing, loving the warmth engulfing her, washing away the soap. When she broke the surface, Zaritha stared at Aaliyah, her dark eyes wide and her face smeared with Aaliyah's cream.

"Do you want to cum?" Aaliyah asked.

"Yes," she moaned. "Would you... ?"

"Your pussy is so hairy. Kyle doesn't like that."

"Of course," she moaned and fire burned beneath the water, consuming her pubic hair and leaving her so clean. "Please."

"Please, Sultana," Aaliyah corrected.

Zaritha bit her lip. "No. You're not my Sultana."

Aaliyah shrugged, climbing out of the water and willing her body dry. "Comb my hair now, concubine."

"But I need to cum."

"So. You can cum when you call me Sultana."

"I won't," she spat, climbing out of the water. She knelt behind Aaliyah, almost spitting with outrage.

Aaliyah conjured a comb, handing it to the Ifrit. She smiled and hummed as Zaritha carefully combed her hair, working out the snarls like a good concubine. It was a beginning. If she went slow, she just might bring the Ifrit to her side and then the pair of them would return to Kyle. Then the Ifrit could begin to make amends for daring to kidnap her Mistress.

I will spank her ass with a hairbrush for being so bad, Aaliyah decided.

Paradise, Mount Rainier, WA

Christy tried to sleep, but she couldn't stop thinking about the staff—Shadowedge. It called to her, itching at her mind. Everyone else was sleeping. After freezing in the snow and the orgy, everyone was wiped out. They couldn't go anywhere, the blizzard had descended upon them.

They certainly couldn't go to Oman where Majlis al Jinn was located. According to Google, it was a cave on the Arabian Peninsula. The second largest cave in the world and, according to local superstition, was the meeting place of the Djinn.

Christy pulled away from the pile of female flesh around her, breaking out of Sable's embrace. Her concubine sighed in her sleep, shifting about. Fatima's arms wrapped around Sable, pulling her close without waking up. Christy moved to the back seat, sitting on it. She reached out to the darkness, remembering how Shadowedge felt in her hand—polished, hard wood. It appeared in her hand, coalescing out of the darkness.

Like Kyle's katana or Fatima's yari, she discovered she could summon and dismiss it. As she held it in her hand, the ever present darkness of the world communicated to her. She wondered just how powerful this was, her mind delving into the staff.

How much can I transport with you? she mused, letting her aura examine the artifact.

As much as you like... the staff whispered back.

She frowned. You're intelligent? Kyle never reported his weapon talked back to him.

You are intelligent...

Christy blinked, wondering what that meant.

But you talk.

No. You interpret...

So my mind is just turning what you share with me into words I can understand?

Yes...

So I can transport this entire SUV?

If you can imagine transporting this entire SUV... answered Shadowedge. Darkness is everywhere ... Light only hides it...

Christy looked around. She could sense darkness everywhere even with the SUV's dome light on, shining weak light about the cabin. Darkness was elemental. Like light. It was one of the four abstracts. Power came as either the four elements, the four abstracts, or the four emotions. Darkness could be summoned at any time just like the rest.

So, could I transport this entire SUV across the world?

If you can imagine it...

"Where's my phone?" Christy muttered, her heart beating faster. Could this staff be the solution to their biggest dilemma?

"What's that?" a sleepy Toni asked, brushing her auburn hair off from her face.

"Do you know where my cell phone is, Toni?" Christy asked.

"In your jacket pocket?" she muttered. "Do you need it right now?"

"Yep."

"Go to sleep," Chyna muttered, hugging Toni.

"Christy needs her cell phone," Toni admonished.

"Why?" Fatima asked, sitting up and staring at Christy, her eyes narrowing. "And why do you have that staff out?"

"I think I can transport us to Majlis al Jinn," Christy answered.

"Really?" a groggy Kyle asked.

"Is it safe?" Fatima demanded.

"I transported you out of the snow."

Fatima worked her lips. "I guess."

"Here's your phone," Alexina said, holding up her coat in one hand and her cell phone in the other.

"Why do you need it?" Kyle asked, standing up. Christy admired his muscular, naked form as he crossed over to her, sitting down on the seat.

"I need to visualize it."

"That makes sense," Fumi nodded, slipping onto the seat on the other side of Kyle, leaning her head against his shoulder.

"You're going to take all of us?" Kyle asked, glancing at the concubines.

"Well, yeah," Christy nodded.

"But what about the concubines?" he asked. "I'm not taking them with us into the Hidden Realm."

"Why not?" Chyna demanded, then flushed. "Why not, Master?" She sounded more demure the second time.

"You wouldn't be safe. It's going to be dangerous. I'm only taking my wives, Britney, and the witches because they have power. Everyone else has to stay."

"We can't stay here. It's a blizzard out there," Shannon pointed out. "Without your powers, we'll die up here."

"Then we'll find someplace safe," Kyle decided.

"We're wanted by the police," Shannon objected. "They got my license plate, Master. You saw the news reports."

"We want to go with you and help you save Aaliyah," Teleisia said. The Black teen was Aaliyah's personal concubine. "Please, sir."

Alexina placed her hand on his knee, gazing up at Kyle with pleading eyes.

"No. It's not safe. I don't want you hurt."

"What if you had the witches enhance us," Mindy suggested. "Like what Burke did to those boys. You know, Braiden and the other."

"You want me to turn you into monsters?" Kyle gaped.

"We wouldn't have to be monsters," Shannon said. "Sable was telling us about it. We could be made to be faster, stronger, to instinctively know how to fight. It's up to the witches on how they ... enhances us."

"Then we'll be with you. Your army to help you defeat the Marid!" Carla declared.

"Yes!" Toni agreed.

"They could go back and forth between their forms," Fatima mused. "I saw Frankie transform into that monster in our house before I roasted him. Is that how it works?"

"It does," Christy nodded, her mind working through the problem. "We'd need spirits though. Where we would get those?"

"Mount Rainier is lousy with them," Sable smiled. "Can't you feel them flitting around."

"No," Christy said.

"Well, I can. I do have the most powerful aura in the car." She glanced at Kyle. "Okay, the most powerful aura belonging to a witch."

"I don't know," Kyle muttered.

"It wouldn't hurt them," Christy assured him. "So long as Sable, Phillipa, and I decide not to. And we wouldn't."

"I think it is a good idea," Britney said from the front seat. "Kyle, we are setting off into the unknown. Sultan Rashid will have resources at his disposal that we cannot possibly imagine right now. Every bit of help would be good."

"Yep," Fatima chimed in. "I want my Ann and Kayleah turned into a pair of sexy, supernatural ninjas."

"Sexy ninjas," giggled Kayleah. "Like in Anime!"

"I agree," Fumi whispered.

"I don't want them harmed."

"We'll only enhance them," Christy smiled, placing a reassuring hand on Kyle's wrist.

"Then let's do it and then head to Oman. Aaliyah can't wait forever."

The Spirit Realm

The woman opened her eyes, gasping and shuddering as she awakened in the darkness. She was sticky with the afterbirth, wiping it from her eyes and fully-matured form. She struggled to move, to force her limbs to work for the first time.

"That's it, my darling daughter," a voice hissed in the darkness. "Take your first breath."

The woman looked around, trying to see. A form moved to her, strong arms wrapping around her and pulled her to the speaker. A heavy breast rubbed against her cheek and the woman opened her mouth, sucking in the hard nipple.

Wonderful, nourishing milk flooded her body.

As she nursed, the woman struggled to remember. Memories lurked just beyond her reach, snagged in the cobwebs of the past. She sucked harder as her surrogate mother rocked her mature body.

"That's it. Drink, my daughter," the voice groaned. "You need your strength after your rebirth."

"Who am I?" the woman asked, releasing the milk-laden nipple.

"The instrument of my revenge," the voice answered. "Don't you remember anything?"

"No," the woman answered. "It's all so close to me. Just out of reach."

"That's okay." Hands pulled the woman's lips back to the milk-heavy tit. She latched on, sucking hard. "Good, drink deeply. You will need all your strength for the task ahead of you."

Curiosity burned in the woman's depths and she again released the nipple. "Task? What revenge am I supposed to help you with?"

"I have been grievously wronged. We both have."

"By whom?"

"Kyle, Christy, and Britney," the voice answered. "Kyle has slain my most powerful servant, a man I had plucked from death, just like I plucked you. Christy betrayed her oaths to me and caused the death an entire coven of my follower. And Britney has stolen and enslaved one of my devout servants. All three deserve to pay for what they've done." Hands cupped the woman's cheeks. "And you, Faiza, will see that all of them pay."

"Who are you?"

"Hecate. Your Goddess."

The Sapphine Caves, The Hidden Realm

Zaritha watched Aaliyah sleep, her insides twisted with her humiliation even as her pussy demanded satisfaction. She wanted to shove her hand between her thighs and stroke her aching hole. But she couldn't—Aaliyah had commanded her.

Why am I obeying the little houri? she demanded of herself for the hundredth time since she had bathed the woman. I never believed I was really going to be his? How can she boss me around?

She wanted to strangle the houri in her sleep. All she had to do was reach out and squeeze her thin neck until she died. But she couldn't. Zaritha was beginning to feel the oath she had sworn to Kyle when she became his concubine. It restricted her. She had to submit to his will and that left it's mark on a Djinn.

But she had also to submit to Sultan Rashid's will.

She was going to explode.

And she needed to cum so bad.

Zaritha thought about disobeying her ... Mistress. No, she's my prisoner. I will not submit to her!

If only she wasn't so horny. Before she fell asleep, Aaliyah had forced her to finger the houri's pussy until Aaliyah came again. "I need a nice cum before I can sleep," she had proclaimed, seizing Zaritha's hand and guiding it to her sopping depths. "And remember, no touching yourself." Then she had smiled wickedly. "Unless you call me Sultana."

Zaritha had managed to remain strong as she worked her fingers in and out of Aaliyah's wet depths.

Now she didn't see a way out of this mess. She had two oaths to serve, two masters, and she couldn't serve one with out violating the other. "These oaths are going to rip me in half," she muttered.

"Such a predicament," a voice hissed.

Her skin crawled. She made her light burn brighter. A Ghul crawled down the tunnel, his skin black and twisted. He moved like a beast, his tongue lolling from a mouth full of sharp teeth. Zaritha gasped and her skin crawled.

The thing was Jowah, one of Rashid's blasphemous servants.

"What are you doing here, beast?" she demanded, standing up.

"Rashid sent me," it hissed, licking its chops. "To feast."

"On Aaliyah?" Fear shivered through the Ifrit for her mistress.

"On both of you. Rashid is wroth with your failure."

With a snarl, the Ghul pounced.
Chapter 27 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 26 |   Bottom
Chapter 27: The Passion of the Concubines
Posted: February 06, 2015 - 04:34:21 pm
Updated: April 13, 2015 - 05:00:57 pm

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Thursday, January 28th – Paradise, Mount Rainier, WA

"So what do we need to cast this spell?" Kyle asked Christy.

The witch looked at her husband, then out at the eager concubines kneeling on the floor. She remembered what she had read in the books on spells on how to enhance a creature or a human into something else. "We need a focus to bind the spirits we captured too," she answered. It had taken Sable a few minutes to bind the spirits into her tourmaline pendant. "Something that is attuned to the master of the familiar and can be carried by them. With the focus, they can trigger their change when they want or when you want it."

"Okay," Kyle nodded. "And what should that focus be?"

"It's traditionally a weapon for humans," Phillipa answered from the front seat. "Since the majority of human enhancements are used as soldiers or guards."

"Like Braiden and those other two?" Kyle asked. Burke had done something to Braiden, Kyle's former friend, and two of other his classmates, giving them the abilities to turn into vicious monsters.

"That's exactly what they were," Christy nodded.

"So we need to get weapons."

"Oh, it doesn't have to be weapons, sir," Sable said. The witch had tried to kill Christy yesterday on Burke's order, but Christy had used a Love Elemental to defeat the woman. Now Sable loved Christy with every fiber of her being. Christy had no choice but to take her on as a concubine or leave her to forever pine and suffer.

And there were perks—Sable knew how to eat pussy.

"What do you mean?" Christy asked her concubine.

"Well, I heard of this one witch that liked to enhance women for sex, and she used dildos and vibrators."

"Oh, that's awesome," giggled Chyna. "No one thinks twice when women carry their personal massagers around."

"They just think it's gross," Ms. Capello agreed. "Trust me. You should see the look on someone's face when they find your vibrator."

"Well, we don't have either of those," Kyle sighed. "If Aaliyah were here..."

She could conjure them. Christy felt her husband's pain. She reached out to rest a comforting hand on his thigh. We'll get her back. I'll do everything I can to save her.

"It would not be hard to procure either weapons or sex toys," Britney said from the front seat. "With the staff Christy possesses, she could easily teleport to an appropriate location and retrieve the items."

"You mean steal them?" Christy gasped, giving the Rakshasa a glare. "I'm not a thief."

"We are wanted for murder. Why balk at petty larceny?"

Christy opened her mouth to respond, wanting to argue with Britney almost on reflex, but then she snapped her mouth shut. "I guess you have a point." Christy didn't like agreeing with Britney. Ever since she had started dating Kyle, Britney had treated her with disdain, hating the fact Kyle was dating her.

Well, I did end up betraying Kyle, so maybe Britney was right to be wary of me.

"Let's go rob a sex store," Alexina giggled.

"I've always wanted to go in one," Fatima beamed. "I think with this many women, we need to have a supply of interesting toys to add some flavor."

"Definitely," Missy, the former nurse, agreed. "There are some wild ones out there."

The teenage concubines all giggled with excitement. "Let's do sex toys, Master," Lois grinned.

"Oh, yes, please, Master," begged Chyna while Toni nodded, her auburn hair swaying about her naked shoulders.

"I guess we're robbing a porn shop," Kyle said, a grin spreading across his face. "I've always wanted to go in one, too, Fatima."

"Is everyone ready?" Christy asked as she stood in the center of the SUV.

"Yes," Fumi said, adding her voice to the chorus of all the others.

Fumi could only see her wife standing up thanks to Windfeather. Currents eddied through the extra-dimensional space of the SUV, most caused by the shifting and breathing of the many occupants, and her artifact interpreted those slight breezes as a green vision. She pushed Windfeather up the bridge of her nose. The bow was currently shaped like a pair of glasses. She was thankful to Kyle for coming up with this solution. If she didn't touch the artifact, she couldn't "see."

Fumi would never regret losing her sight, not when it gave her Kyle.

She leaned her head on his shoulder while Fatima clung tightly to the other side. She could sense Fatima's fear, despite her bravado, as Christy prepared to use the staff to move the SUV to the porn shop.

"Do you remember what the Castle parking lot looks like?" Britney asked from the driver seat.

"Yes."

"How do you remember it so clearly?" Fatima asked with a mischievous tone. "Have you been there?"

"I've never been to any porn shop," Christy gasped. "But how can you not miss it? It's huge and on the way to the Tacoma Mall."

Fumi had never heard of Castle before. It was a chain of porn shops with a medieval theme.

"Okay, I'm going to take us there now. Get ready."

Fumi tensed, remembering the way it felt when the Vicar had teleported her in the school during the fight yesterday. Kyle's strong arms tightened about her, pulling her in tight to his muscular chest. She squeezed her eyes shut, an unconscious reflex, but that didn't stop Windfeather from painting an image of the world in green in her mind.

The image vanished.

The world folded about itself.

She couldn't breath, couldn't move, couldn't scream. Everything was compressed and twisted. It felt so much longer than the brief teleportation yesterday. Panic begin to trickle in. What if something had gone wrong and they were—

The world unfolded. Her vision returned. She gasped in a breath.

"We're here," Christy said, nodding her head, pride filling her voice. "That wasn't so bad."

"It was," Britney muttered. "You folded space. We should be reduced to strings of meaningless atoms right now. I felt it. You overcame the weak nuclear force."

"Well, magic," Christy shrugged.

The Concubines flooded out of the car into the rain. It wasn't nearly as cold down here in Tacoma as it was up on Mount Rainier. The rain made her vision murky, and she couldn't see as far, but it was enough to reveal the side of a three-story tall building, its roof crenelated like a medieval castle.

"I surmise we will set off the alarms if we break in a door," Britney said

"I got it," Kyle said and his katana, Earthbones, appeared in his hand. He pointed it at the building and Fumi could almost feel his commands reaching out to the building from the sword. Stone ground on stone and the the plaster coating the wall cracked and crashed to the ground, revealing a wall of cement cinder blocks that were ripping out and forming a doorway for them to fit in.

"Okay ladies, find your sex toy," Christy said with a clap. "And a bowl that can be filled with water. We'll cast the spell in there, I think."

The concubines all rushed through the hole, Kyle hot on their heels. Britney leaned against the SUV content to stay outside. Fumi hesitated, wondering if she should stay and help Britney stand guard or if she should go in there.

"Come on," Fatima said, seizing her hand. "That place is full of naughty toys."

The younger girl pulled her along, bounding with energy. Fumi couldn't help but smile and let her wife led her into the porn shop. Her vision improved inside and they seemed to come through the DVD section. What must be adult videos were strewn across the floor, the shelf knocked over by the concubines entering.

"Sex toys are over here," Fatima said, skipping ahead of Fumi. "Come on, I want to try one out on you."

The store echoed with concubines gasping and giggling, exclaiming what toy they found while Christy barked orders. "Find a bowl or something we can fill with water. And don't spend all night picking out your toy. Just grab one."

"Ooh," Fatima cued, then picked up a long, think cylinder of plastic that bulged with progressively wider spheres. "Do you know what these are, Fumi?"

Fumi shook my head.

"Anal beads!"

Fumi's butt-cheeks clenched.

"Drop those pants and let me stick this up your ass."

Fumi thought that sounded fun. So she shoved her sweatpants down her sleek thighs. She knelt and pointed her ass at her wife. Fatima fell to her knees, her hands on Fumi's butt-cheeks, spreading them apart, her tongue darting in to rim Fumi's ass.

"Oh, that's nice," Fumi panted as her wife licked her asshole, swirling about the puckered sphincter before wiggling her tongue inside.

"How kinky," Phillipa smiled as she walked by. "You two have fun. I need to pick up some nice nipple weights and a paddle. And maybe a clit clamp. Britney and I didn't grab any when we left the house."

"Wow, those two are wild," Fatima giggled as she pressed the anal beads against Fumi's asshole. "You ready?"

"Oh, yes," she purred.

She shoved the first bead in, so tiny it didn't have any problems, just stretching her open enough to feel nice. Then the second bead passed through, spreading her open. Fumi groaned with the third one, and the fourth one felt nice as it popped in. Her bowels clung to the beads as they worked deeper, rippling through her.

She leaned against the shelf, Fatima pulling them out, then shoved them back in. Her juices trickled out of her pussy, filling her nose with that wonderful scent of lilies. Fatima's lips kissed between her thighs, moving to her pussy.

"Oh, yes!" Fumi gasped as Fatima's tongue found her pussy, swiping through her lips. "You delightful slut."

Fatima giggled. "I just love licking my wife's pussy. So tasty." She pulled the anal beads out then shoved them deep into Fumi's ass, a fifth and sixth beads popping in this time.

"I'm so full!"

Fatima giggled into her pussy, tonguing her clit as she worked the beads faster and faster through Fumi's bowels. Her wife knew how to pleasure her, and wonderful trembles passed through Fumi's body, bringing her closer and closer to her release.

"Harder! Fuck me harder, Fatima! They're so wonderful! We're taking these with us!"

"You're going to have to use them on me sometime!"

"I will! You'll love them!" A small burst of pleasure trembled through her, a tiny orgasm giving her taste of the explosion that was brewing.

Fatima nibbled on her clit, then sucked harder, slamming the anal beads in and out of Fumi's ass. It was so wonderful every time one of those beads popped out of her ass before they slammed back in, spreading her open, filling her up. She arched her back, pushing her pussy down on Fatima's hungry mouth as her pleasure peaked.

"Fatima!" she gasped. "I'm cumming! Drink it! Drink my passion!"

Fatima noisily swallowed the flood of pussy juices that burst from Fumi's cunt as her ass squeezed down on the thrusting anal beads, adding more and more waves of pleasure to her rippling orgasm. The shelf shook as she swayed and moaned.

And then the pleasure passed.

"You two are having fun," Kyle laughed. "I could smell you across the store."

Fumi grinned. "Were you drawn to my irresistible pussy?"

"Definitely."

Kyle pulled Fumi to him, his cock throbbing and his nose filled with her lily-scent. He had to have her. She had flooded the store with her pheromones, and he was the only male around to be affected. He he had to drown the fires her scent had ignited inside him. And only her wet pussy would do.

"I need to fuck you," he groaned.

"I know."

"Then get on your knees," Fatima declared, pulling something red out of Fumi's ass.

"Oh, yes," moaned Fumi, giving a delightful shudder. His succubus wife fell to her knees, wiggling that wonderful ass at him. Christy could handle casting the spell, he had to satisfy his lust and give Fumi the cum she needed.

He fell to his knees, her pussy dripping wet. Kyle grabbed his cock, rubbing it up and down on her pussy, then pressed into her, shuddering as her wet silk engulfed him. She pressed back into his thrusts, tossing her black hair about.

"Come on, Fumi, fuck my ass with the anal beads!" Fatima knelt before Fumi, handing her the red sex toys.

"Oh, yes!" gasped Fumi, her pussy squeezing down on Kyle's thrusting cock as she rammed the bead-covered sex toy up Fatima's ass.

Fatima's bubbly butt clenched and her back arched. She let out a wild howl as Fumi fucked her ass, burying the anal beads into his sister's ass in rhythm to Kyle burying his cock into her tight pussy. He gripped his wife's hips and watched her fuck Fatima's ass harder and faster with the anal beads. Fatima's puckered asshole widened then swallowed each bead.

"Fuck, that's hot," he grunted, his balls smacking into her pussy with wet slaps. "That's it. Fuck her ass, Fumi."

"Oh, she is!" groaned Fatima, flashing him smokey looks over her shoulder, her mouth stretching into a wide, narrow opening as she moaned. "Fuck me! Oh, yes! This is an awesome toy!"

Watching Fatima's asshole spread around those beads, opening wide then closing shut was so obscene. Kyle's lust was boiling over. Fumi's pussy felt like heaven wrapped around his cock, and her pheromones were burning through his blood. He neared that wonderful moment when all he wanted was to unleash a flood of cum into Fumi's pussy.

He couldn't stop if he wanted to.

"Kyle!" Christy shouted.

"Almost done," he groaned to his wife. "Just a few more strokes."

"Yes, yes! Give me your cum! Feed me!" Fumi's pussy rippled down his cock, hungry for his essence.

"Cum in her, bro!" moaned Fatima! "Shit! Shit!"

"We're ready, Kyle," Christy complained. "This is important."

"Yeah. I just can't stop!"

"My fault," Fumi gasped. "I needed it."

Christy sighed than knelt next to him and kissed him on the lips, her hands stroking his body. "Hurry up."

He found her perky breast, squeezing it through her shirt. Christy let out a soft moan. Kyle shuddered, his balls boiling, and erupted into Fumi's pussy. His Japanese wife let out a piercing moan as her pussy convulsed about him, She drank in all his cum, absorbing his energy. Her body writhed, electrified, and then she collapsed on the floor, shuddering in bliss.

"Thank you," she moaned. "Oh, yes. Such a meal!"

"Good," Christy said. "I need you for the spell, Kyle."

"Okay," he panted, standing up, bliss pumping through his body. He just wanted to cuddle with Fumi and sleep, but they needed to cast this spell so they could save Aaliyah. "So what do you need from me?"

"Your essence," she told him. "It will allow you to command when the concubines change into their ... enhanced form."

"Oh, sure," Kyle panted. "So, how do you get my essence?"

"You're going to jerk off into a pot of water."

He laughed. "Of course I am. Can I use your hand to jerk me off?"

She pressed against him. "Absolutely."

The concubines were kneeling in the center of the store, each clutching their sex toys. Some had small vibrators, others thick dildos, and Chyna had several balls connected by a string that glistened with someone's pussy juices.

"The spell has a few steps," Christy explained. "I teleported to our schools chemistry lab for a few more ingredients. The water is boiling and I need you to cum in it."

"Sure."

The concubines parted and Kyle knelt before a silver pot that boiled, though there was nothing apparent that was providing the heat. It smelled a little rotten, and the water had a reddish cloud about it.

Christy seized his cock, still wet with Fumi's pussy, and began stroking him. He hardened beneath her delicate touch, shuddering as her hand slid up and down his greased cock. The concubines all looked at him lust shining in their faces.

"You can do it, Master," cheered Carla, a big smile on her lips.

Toni clapped, pumping her arms in the air like she was cheering at a game, and Chyna spread her legs apart and shoved those balls into her pussy, her tight slit spreading wide open and swallowing them up. She shivered then yanked them out. It was so sexy watching her lick them clean. Ms. Capello had her heavy tits out, pinching her nipples, and Lois seized Teleisia, forcing Aaliyah's Black concubine to her lick her pussy for Kyle's amusement.

"Make him cum, Mistress!" Sable cheered, her fingers busy working in and out of her pussy.

Ann and Kayleah scissored their pussies together and Alexina and Missy sixty-nined. Shannon seized the balls from her daughter's hand and shoved them into her own pussy, still coated with her daughter's pussy juices.

"Fuck, that's hot," Kyle grunted.

"Isn't it," Christy whispered in his ear, her breath hot. "All these women, showing off, wanting your attention."

Women gasped and moaned. Kyle shuddered, her hand bringing him to the brink. His cum shot out, splashing into the water. The boiling solution hissed and popped, reddish smoke curling into the air.

"Ishtar, bless this potion. Let the seed of transformation be kindled. Shape those that accept with my imagination."

The potion stopped boiling like a switch had been flipped, the surface of the water suddenly clearing into crystal clear liquid. The room became deathly quiet, all the concubines sitting up, staring with breathless expectation

"Concubines, dip your sex-toy into the liquid," Christy smiled. "Then hand them to Kyle." She turned to him. "Then you hand it back to them and say, 'I bind you to my will, transforming you into my instrument.' While you say this, push out your aura like when you use your sword."

Kyle nodded as Chyna crawled up, his first concubine, her balls clutched in her hand, still dripping with her mother's juices. "I'm yours, Master," she grinned, dipping her sex toy into the clear liquid then handing it to Kyle.

He pushed out his aura and spoke Christy's words. Energy sprang up between him and Chyna, surrounding her with his aura as the spell settled down upon her. She shivered, her hazel eyes dilating until they were almost completely black.

"Oh, wow," she whispered. "I really don't feel different."

"I left your free will intact," Christy said, "Can you feel your ben wa balls?"

"That's what those are?" Kyle blurted out and Christy blushed and looked down. How does she know ... right, Ms. Franklin molested her. "Sorry, guess that's not important to know right now."

"Anyways," Christy shot a glance a Kyle, "reach out your aura to it and concentrate on changing."

Chyna closed her eyes and she seemed to ripple, letting out an almost orgasmic moan. In a single move, she sprang to her feet, moving with an almost feline grace.

"She doesn't look different," Kyle frowned.

"But I feel so different," she moaned.

"Her reflexes have been increased along with her strength," Christy said. "She should be capable of fighting anyone in hand-to-hand combat."

"Oh, yeah," Fatima smiled, then suddenly launched an aikido attack at the concubine, throwing a punch a fierce punch at Chyna's face. She wasn't holding back. That attack would land hard on Chyna's face if the concubine didn't do anything.

Chyna moved like water flowing, easily dodging the attack. The concubine seized Fatima's arm, pivoted, and threw Fatima over her hip. Fatima hit the floor hard, gasping and coughing.

"Oh, Mistress, I'm so sorry," Chyna gasped. "I just reacted."

"It's fine," Fatima panted. "Why don't you kiss me to make me feel better."

"I think that's going to work just fine," Kyle grinned.

"Oh, yes," Fatima gasped as Chyna began kissing her between the thighs. "Keep kissing me. Make me feel better!"

"Me next," Shannon smiled, holding up a thick, blue dildo.

The Sapphine Caves, The Unseen Realm

"It's so good to be in your arms again," Aaliyah cooed, holding her husband tight.

Kyle's dusky, strong body held her, her breasts crushed against his muscular chest. Joy beat in her. She was with her husband, safe in his arms. He squeezed her tight, like he was afraid to ever let her go again.

"I missed you so badly," he groaned. "You had me so worried."

Aaliyah looked up at him, gazing into his slanted eyes that could be as hard as stone when he was angry, but now were soft as he looked down at her, full of his emotion. He had rescued her from the Ifrit and together they would rule the Djinn.

Their lips met, his tongue passionate. They were in a bed, his body atop her, his strong hands roaming her form, teasing her and exciting her. She couldn't wait to spread her legs and submit to his desires.

"Wake up!" a woman hissed, intruding on her peace.

Kyle began to fade away, feeling lest distinct. Panic clenched her and she tried to hold on, squeezing hold of him. Her body shook hard, a woman screaming at her, banishing the sweet dream.

"What?" Aaliyah groaned, opening her eyes. She was still in the Sapphine Caves bound to Zaritha.

"What a tasty feast," a cold, snarling voice growled.

Sleep fell away as Aaliyah bolted up right, her heart hammering for fear. A bestial, black figure crouched, a long, red tongue lolling from a mouth of sharp teeth. Aaliyah let out a shriek, kicking away from the twisted Ghul. She had never seen one so black and twisted, and the look of hunger on its face sent shudders through her.

"As you can see, I have the Jann in my custody," Zaritha said, standing above Aaliyah. "So long as she is in the Sapphine Caves, she cannot communicate with her husband and use her powers. Go tell Rashid where we are so he can deal with her."

The Ghul licked it's lips and leaped at them.

Aaliyah let out another scream, helpless with her powers bound. She could summon her clothes, her beauty supplies, and transform into a whirlwind of dust. But with the chain about her, she couldn't escape.

Zaritha conjured fire between them, stopping the Ghul's leap. "Why do you attack me? I serve Rashid like you, Jowah. So heel and obey me."

"You serve Rashid no longer." Jowah licked his jowls as he peered at them between the flames. "You have failed him."

"What is he?" Aaliyah gasped.

"Unbound," muttered Zaritha.

A chill ran through Aaliyah. All the five Djinn tribes—Jann, Marid, Ifrit, Si'lat, Ghul—were bound by Laws laid down at the moment of creation. No Djinn could kill a mortal except in self-defense. They could not kill their fellow Djinn except at the order of the Sultan. And they could not dwell in the Mortal World for more than a year without being bound to a Master.

"How has he not been dragged into Haawiyah?" Haawiyah was the fiery hell where any Djinn should be cast who broke the Laws.

"I did terrible deeds," cackled Jowah, his breath a rancid fume.

A roar of insects hummed through the air, spewing from the Ghul's mouth. They crashed into the barrier of Zaritha's fire, their small bodies consumed in the flames. Every small body puffed into greasy smoke and they died by the thousands, the oily smoke rolling across the floor of the cave towards them.

"I don't like the look of that smoke," Aaliyah whispered.

"It's poisonous," Zaritha hissed.

Zaritha fled the smoke, racing past Aaliyah. The Jann went to stand, but the chain connecting her to the Ifrit went taut, pulling her off her feet. She landed hard on the crystalline floor of the cave, pain flaring in her body. Zaritha gasped, jerked short, then turned and yanked on the chain, pulling Aaliyah away from the spreading fumes.

"Free me!" Aaliyah commanded as her wrist screamed in pain and the crystalline floor bruised her side.

"I can't! You're Rashid's prisoner."

The noxious fumes snuffed out the fire as Aaliyah managed to scramble to her feet. "Fire cannot stop death," cackled the Ghul. "It can only make it sweeter.

"Shaitan!" Zaritha screamed, throwing fireballs at the Ghul as it cackled and hissed, leaping about the cave. Another swarm of insects surged at them, consumed by fire, creating more smoke, forcing Aaliyah and Zaritha to retreat down a tunnel, racing side by side.

"Yes. Flee. Let fear season the meat!" cackled Jowah, lopping behind them. "Marinade in terror!"

"You have to release me! I am your mistress. You shall obey me!"

"I serve Rashid!"

"Why?" Aaliyah threw a look over her shoulder at the pursuing Ghul. "Rashid sent that thing to kill you."

The Ifrit stopped, turning to face the Ghul, her face burning with anger. "I served him faithfully and he sends his dog to kill me!"

"What a terrible Master. Kyle and I would never treat you like that. You are such a powerful Ifrit. We would respect you."

"Such sweet words you speak," Zaritha hissed, throwing fire. "Do you really mean it?"

"Yes!" Aaliyah huddled behind Zaritha. "Free me so we can move faster."

The chain dissolved as the Ghul leaped. Zaritha's hands were engulfed with flames, fire flashing down the tunnel, lighting up the blue walls. Jowah dodged each ball of fire, leaping from floor to the side of the tunnel, then racing up onto the ceiling, clawing along, his tongue lolling as he cackled his enjoyment.

"So desperate. So afraid. So tasty."

"Get out of the cave," Zaritha shouted. "Return to Kyle. Let Rashid stew in bitterness and fear knowing his enemies are reunited!" Fire wreathed the Ifrit as the Ghul lunged at her. They collided in an explosion of sparks, their bodies falling to the cave floor. Flames burned brighter as they grappled.

"Zaritha?" Aaliyah gasped, watching the fray. She wanted to do something for the Ifrit. To help her out.

Zaritha howled. The flaming figures rolled about on the floor. Fire crackled and popped, black smoke bleeding off of them. They crashed into the sapphire walls of the tunnel, then fell to the floor in a heap. Zaritha's neck bled, the blood burning as it pooled on the ground. Jowah, his black skin cracked and flaking, gained his feet, fixing his bestial eyes on Aaliyah.

"Will you taste as sweet, little Jann?"

He lunged.

Aaliyah became dust, whirling in the air. She flowed around the leaping Ghul, his clawed hands swiping out to grasp her essence. She moved fast, pulling back her true essence from his touch. He missed. She flowed down the tunnel. She had to find her way out of here and get free of all the sapphire that kept her from communicating with Kyle.

She was aware of everything around her, her sight no longer limited to just a pair of eyes. Zaritha's dark skin blackened around the Ghul's bite, his poison devouring her body. There was nothing Aaliyah could do so she kept fleeing. The Ghul became a cloud of noxious vapors, flowing black behind her.

She raced through the tunnel, reaching the larger cave that Zaritha and her had appeared in. There were three branches out of that cave and she had no time to consider which to take. The one to her left seemed to slant up, so she raced to it, her dust whirling fast, hissing and scouring the sapphire as she past.

Jowah closed the distance, his noxious fumes seemed to move faster than her. Desperation spurred her to whirl faster as she followed the twist and turns of the tunnel. It rose up and she could only hope that it would take her out of all this sapphire.

I will enjoy feasting on you, the foul thing hissed behind her, not words, but currents that vibrated through the air.

She forced herself to fly faster as he closed the distance.

I need to get back to Kyle! I can't die!

He neared, his foul essence reaching tendrils towards her whirlwind.

Sunlight was ahead, streaming from a hole in the ceiling of the cave.

A tendril of foul vapor wrapped touched her whirling dust, pouring into her essence.

Poison burned through her. She coalesced back into her body, falling down on to the hard surface of the cave. The vapors were above her. They contracted into a tight sea of black fog, then Jowah appeared, falling down on her. Up close, she could see half his cheek had been burned away by Zaritha, his gleaming teeth peaking through charred flesh.

She struggled to escape, but it was getting harder to move as his noxious fumes burned through her form. He licked his lips, foul spittle dripping down on her, burning like acid. Aaliyah thrashed with all her strength. But the Ghul's grip was deathly tight.

Then the bestial thing lowered his mouth and bit into her neck, tearing at her flesh.

Aaliyah screamed.

Majlis al-Jinn, Oman

Space folded around Kyle.

He held onto Fatima and Alexina as Christy used her staff. He was ready to take his wives, concubines, and Britney into the Hidden Realm to rescue his wife. He wasn't going to let the Marids hold onto her for a moment longer.

Reality returned and Fatima laughed. "Oh, this feels familiar. We're going to rescue Aaliyah again."

"And we're not going to lose her after this," Kyle promised. I'll hold onto you this time, Aaliyah.

His concubines all let out moans, shuddering as they activated their transformations. They all seemed more beautiful and graceful as they spilled out of the SUV. Kyle climbed out into the blistering heat of the austere desert of Oman. He summoned Earthbones, his katana feeling natural in his hand. The ground beneath his feet seemed alive, whispering to him. There was a wide, yawning space between them, a massive cave.

"There is the opening," Britney said, pointing to a jagged hole in the ground. She had Waterclaw clutched in her hand, her hair standing up on end and faint, dark stripes appearing on her face. She was ready for a fight.

Kyle marched across the desert, shrugging out of his winter coat, letting it drop to the ground. He doubted it would be cold in the Unseen Realm. He reached the opening, peering down into the massive gallery of the cave.

"Power swirls in there," Christy whispered as she stood near him. "The staff's humming."

"Take us down, Christy," Kyle ordered.

"Let's be ready," Fatima grinned, her yari out, the straight blade at the end of the spear burning with fire.

Christy's staffed glowed black. Reality folded and then they appeared at the bottom of the cave. It was huge, a current of wind stirring through the vaulting gallery. The main building of Kyle's high school could easily fit inside this gallery.

"It is the second largest known gallery in the world," Britney said in awe as she looked about, her voice echoing back.

"You can almost hear them talking," Fumi whispered. "Can't you hear the voices?"

"How do we cross?" Fatima demanded, spinning about as the concubines fanned out, looking alert and deadly.

And so sexy. Focus, Kyle. You can ogle your concubines later.

"Ishtar, reveal what is hidden to my sight," chanted Phillipa as she gazed into the depths.

"What do you see?" Britney asked.

"All the power converges near the center. Where the sunlight touches the stone. The fabric of reality is thin right there." She frowned. "But there's a guardian."

"Of course there is," Kyle groaned. "Why can't everything be easy?"

"Then anyone would be able to enter our realm," a feminine voice informed. Mist appeared, coalescing into a beautiful, dusky-skinned woman draped in blue silk.

Britney hissed, "Beware, she is a Marid, Kyle."

The Sapphine Caves, The Unseen Realm

Zaritha struggled to get up as Aaliyah and the Ghul flew over her head. She needed to help Aaliyah. After millennium of loyal service to Rashid, he had cast her aside because she couldn't bring herself to kill one Jann.

"One mistake," she moaned, fighting off Jowah's poison burning through her body. "This is how you repay loyalty!" Her words echoed through the crystalline tunnel. "I was the one that imprisoned Kalila! I am the reason the Ifrit serve you! Why, Rashid?"

Her anger burned against the poison, forcing her to stand up. Fire crackled inside her. A molten sea that she wanted to unleash on Rashid and damn the consequences of killing another Djinn without the Sultan's permission.

She flashed into flames, the pain falling away, consumed by her living fire.

"I will see all your plans dry up like a puddle beneath the burning sun!"

She chased after Aaliyah and Jowah, rushing through the crystalline tunnels. She reached a cave with multiple tunnels branching off. The Ghul's passage was easy to see, his oily essence staining the sapphire floor and walls as he passed. She went left, her fire crackling and roaring, echoing through the narrow tunnels.

"I'll kill your dog and then I'll kill you, Rashid!" she roared.

She burst into a larger gallery, sunlight streaming through a hole in the roof. Jowah was atop the Jann, his hands clutching her arms, his mouth tearing at the meat at the base of her neck. More anger burned inside her.

"That is my Sultana!"

Jowah turned, blood and flesh clinging to his teeth. Her living fire slammed into him, throwing him off her mistress. She wrapped her flames around the unbound Ghul, delighting in his howls of pain as she burned him.

He became noxious fumes, polluting her flames. His poisonous vapors mixed inside her, the pain intense. His fumes were smothering her fire, choking her out by depriving her of oxygen. She burned hotter, reaching into herself, burning her very essence.

"You will not have her, unbound!"

He howled as her flames burned brighter and hotter. She was the sun. Pure and clean. He was foul and poisonous, but fire could consume anything. She burned his fumes, oily smoke filling the cave, pouring out the hole in the roof.

Jowah tried to pull away, finally afraid of fire the way a beast should. But she didn't let him go. She was going to consume every bit of this foul beast no matter how much of her life's essence she needed to expend.

Her anger wouldn't let her stop.

She delighted as she consumed more and more of him, burning every bit of his foul essence until she reached the very center of him, his heart chained with diamond, binding him to the Unseen Realm. It helped to anchor him, keeping him from being dragged into Haawiyah where he and all the foul Unbound belonged.

Zaritha burned his heart. The diamond chain fell to the cave's floor, no longer anchoring Jowah to this reality. She felt the last bit of him die, his soul howling as the Laws dragged him down to Haawiyah.

Her fires burned out and she became flesh again. Her entire body screamed in agony. She had taken in so much of his poisonous fumes to consume him. Her skin was blackened. Her body trembled and her stomach heaved.

"Aaliyah," she croaked, crawling to the Jann.

Her Sultana was feverish and unconscious, her flesh badly savaged, the poison consuming her. She was dying.

Zaritha seized her hand, fighting the pain. She would see Aaliyah lived to spite Rashid. She became fire one last time, pulling Aaliyah with her. Her fire burned weak, sputtering and coughing as she rose through the hole and into the pounding sun.

"Don't die yet," Zaritha moaned as she became flesh. They were in the blasted wastes of the Ghul lands, red rocks dotting a dead landscape. A layer of loose dirt was beneath them, blown about when the wind howled, coating everything in red.

It was what Aaliyah needed. She was Jann. The earth would heal her just like fire would heal Zaritha. Her fingers trembling, Zaritha scooped up a handful of the soil, pressing into Aaliyah's torn neck, rubbing it into her wounds.

A whimper escaped Aaliyah's lips.

Zaritha scooped again, packing more red soil into her wound before she began pouring it across Aaliyah's body, letting the Jann absorb the element that gave her existence, replacing what the Ghul had poisoned.

"You'll live," Zaritha whispered, lying her head upon her mistress's stomach. The Ghul's poison burned through her, slowly snuffing out her flames. "You'll make sure that Kyle defeats Rashid."

Zaritha's let her eyes close.

Majlis al-Jinn, Oman

Britney eyed the Marid carefully, holding Waterclaw before her. The Marid's dark eyes flickered around at the concubines all poised, ready to strike, then at Kyle's wives. Fatima had her flaming spear leveled, Fumi was drawing her bow, and Christy stood ready to begin spell-casting.

The Marid was surrounded. Yet Britney smelled only curiosity, instead of fear, from the Djinn. Britney's heart beat faster. The change began to steal over the Rakshasa as her body prepared for battle. This creature was either so confident in her power that she could handle them all, which scarred Britney, or something else was going on.

The Marid's eyes settled on Britney. "You wield my knife."

"It is mine now," Britney growled. "Try and take it from me."

The woman smiled. "I have no intention of taking it from you. That dagger was given to the Jann as tribute so many millennia ago." The Marid looked about. "You have all five of the Djinn Artifacts." "Five?" Kyle blurted out. "Aaliyah only gave me four."

"It's this staff," gasped Christy.

"Yes. Wherever did you find that? The Ghul's staff had been lost to one of Hecate's minions."

"Does that really matter?" Kyle demanded. "We need to get to the Unseen Realm. Stand aside and let us past or try and bar our way."

"Forceful," the Marid murmured. "I am Sarai, daughter of Rashid."

"The Sultan?" Kyle stepped forward, his sword before him. "So you are our enemy."

"Perhaps." The Marid turned back to Britney. "My dagger chose you. I can sense the deep depths within you. The cunning. The intelligence. You serve this man. Why?"

"Because I must," Britney answered. "I am Rakshasa. I dedicated myself to him when we met as children. I could sense his greatness."

"And do you ever regret that decision? Has your loyalty ever waivered?"

"No."

"Why not? Why does this man inspire you to be loyal? He lacks cunning. I can sense it in his dull eyes. His solution is strength, to batter me aside without trying another tactic first."

"He is strong," Britney answered, looking at Kyle. "He does not flinch from what must be done. His will is great. He has bent many to his service. And he cares. Despite his rocky exterior, warmth burns in his depths. He is the only friend I ever had. I was different. All the kids could sense it. But Kyle did not care. Even if he wasn't a great man, I would serve him for the years he cared for me. He is loyal. He would not betray anyone to get ahead. He will come at you straight on."

"Britney," Kyle muttered, his eyes wide.

"Would you die for him?"

"Without hesitation."

The Marid's eyes narrowed, then she turned to Kyle, kneeling before him. "My father did not steal the Sultanate from just the other tribes when he selfishly held on, but he stole it from his heir. He forced my brother to commit such heinous acts that he became Unbound. Now he is little more than a monster. When I objected, he banished me to watch the portal."

"Unbound?" Kyle asked.

"All Djinn are bound by the Laws. If we break them, there are consequences. My brother broke those rules and, instead of facing the consequences, he untethered himself from all Laws of morality. He is a beast hiding behind a cage of intellect. You will face him when you cross over. My father will unleash all his weapons to stop you."

"We'll defeat him and any others your father sends us," Kyle said. There was no bravado in his tone.

"You seek the Sultanate?" Sarai asked.

Kyle nodded.

"You already have married the Jann heir," she whispered. "You will need most of the tribes support to hold the Sultanate. Defeat my father and end his perfidy, and I will unite the Marid with you through marriage."

"I have four wives already," Kyle said. "And I don't want some woman that is marrying me unless she loves me or submits fully to me." Kyle stepped forward, cupping her face. "Open the gate, pledge me the support of your people, and you can be free to marry whom you want."

She blinked in surprise. "You actually care about my feelings?"

"I only want women who want to be dominated by me. Who agree because that's what burns in their hearts. Do you want to kneel before me and worship me with your body?"

"Not in the least," she answered. "I will open the gate."

To be continued...

There's a new poll out! Ghost of Paris Interlude part 4: The Ghoddess won the poll! What shall be released next? You can vote here!

I have released a part 7 of the revamped Devil's Pact on Smashwords. Read this post for more information if you're interested!
Chapter 28 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 27 |   Bottom
Chapter 28: The Deciet of the Si'lat
Posted: February 16, 2015 - 05:33:38 pm
Updated: April 13, 2015 - 05:01:02 pm

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Thursday, January 28th – Majlis al-Jinn, Oman

Kyle watched as the Marid Sarai, a gorgeous woman moving with grace as she danced in the center of the cavernous cave. Sarai, despite being the daughter of the Sultan Rashid, was opening the way for Kyle and his women to enter the Unseen Realm. He was going to rescue Aaliyah, defeat Rashid, and claim the Sultanate. There was nothing left for him in the real world.

His mother was dead and the police hunted him.

The Marid's dance was fluid, her lithe curves shifting beneath her blue silk. Water trailed from her fingers, falling about her and wetting the rough, brown cavern floor in a circle. Power hummed in the air interacting with his aura. He gripped Earthbones in his hand, his katana flashing gold like it was reflecting unseen light.

"Be ready!" Shannon shouted to the concubines.

His harem encircled Kyle and his wives. They had all been enhanced by Christy's magic, made faster, stronger, lethal. They were his protectors as well as his lovers. They wanted to fight with Kyle for their future. Part of him didn't want any of his women to fight, but Britney had convinced him last week after Fatima's coma.

They all loved Aaliyah and they had as much right to fight for her as Kyle did.

Fumi had a green arrow knocked at her bow, her white eyes flicking around. She could still see thanks to the power of her bow Windfeather. Fatima danced on the balls of her feet, Fireheart burning in her hands. Christy gripped her black staff and Kyle knew she readied to cast spells, Sable and Phillipa at her side to aide her. Britney was crouched low, her hair bristling, and black stripes grew on her face. She was ready to fight and plunge Waterclaw into their enemies.

Water fountained around the Marid, rising up in a column of pure blue before crashing into the high roof of the cave. Water rained warm down on them. The air distorted where the column had risen, writhing like heat waves dancing over a fire, and then daylight flooded through. A verdant oasis appeared through the distortion, crystal water beside green bushes and palm trees.

"Spread out when you're through," Shannon shouted and leaped through the opening. She had covered twenty feet from a standing jump, landing lightly on the sand around the water, darting to the right. The other concubines, all moving with grace that no human woman could attain, flooded through after her.

Britney was next, Kyle racing behind her. He reached the distortion, pushing through a thin membrane, and then he was standing upon the sand of another dimension. The sky above was dark-blue. A hot breeze blew through the greenery. Yellow dunes rose up beyond the oasis, and the wind carried the scent of dry dust.

Christy and the witches were the last to step through. All ready the concubines had formed a perimeter around Kyle, while Britney led Chyna and Alexina on a sweep of the oasis, racing around the water's edge.

"What now?" Fumi asked as the distortion they passed through wavered and vanished.

"Do you sense any people here?" Kyle asked her. Her windsight was harder to fool than normal sight.

"Just our family," she answered.

"Why didn't we ask for directions from Sarai?" Fatima moaned as she looked about.

"Sahabah is to the south," Sarai's voice echoed through the wind. "It lies at the heart of the five tribes. You stand in the land of the Jann. I could have opened the portal to the other five tribes, but I think you will find your wife's family the most friendly to your cause."

"Thanks," Kyle said, looking around, wondering where her voice had come from.

She did not answer.

"So, which way is south?" Fatima asked, leaning on her spear.

"No idea." Kyle looked up at the sun overhead. It looked like it was noon. "Once the sun starts setting, I'll guess we can figure it out."

"Ishtar, your servant is lost in the wilderness, guide her path and point her north," Christy chanted. Then her body spun, facing off to Kyle's left. "Well, this way is north. So behind me is south."

"Britney, have you finished sweeping the area?" Kyle called out.

"There is only harmless wildlife here," Britney called back from the other side of the oasis. "We should find a way to carry water or I fear we will perish on the desert sands."

"I can conjure water," Christy called back. "It's a simple spell."

"Very simple," Phillipa agreed. "Then we do not need to risk drinking from the oasis. Who knows what could be in the water. This isn't our world. It could be enchanted or poisonous. And there could simply be microbes in there that would make us sick."

"Genie flue," laughed Fatima. "That would probably suck."

"This sun will be punishing," Fumi said. "I do not like this heat. We are not dressed for this."

"Can you conjure clothes?" Kyle asked, looking at Christy.

"Well—"

"Master, something approaches!" cried out Toni, her auburn hair flying about her shoulders as she pointed up into the sky.

"Get ready, concubines!" Shannon called out.

Fatima fell into spear stance, fire burning at the straight-blade of her yari. Kyle gripped his katana, looking up at the swirling vortex rushing at them. Fumi fell back, drawing her arrow, Christy and the witches joining her, while Britney raced towards them, crashing through the brush.

"This might not be an enemy, Kyle," Christy said. "We're in the Jann lands."

"Right. Let's not do anything sudden. Just be ready."

Britney stopped beside him, her triangular-bladed katar glistening with water.

The vortex hurtled closer, hissing as it flew through the air. It shot down to the ground, whipping up leaves and dust as it landed before Kyle. Then the vortex coalesced, forming into the shape of a young woman.

Aaliyah.

"Kyle!" his Genie wife yelled, launching herself at him.

Kyle dismissed Earthbones, throwing his arms wide to embrace the naked beauty of his wife. Her lips found his, her tongue thrusting into his mouth. He hugged her to him, pressing her lithe body to his strong form. He couldn't believe that she was here with him. In his arms. His heart beat for joy. He ran his hands up her supple back and down to cup her round ass. She felt so wonderful, just as he remembered her.

She moaned into his mouth, her kiss growing more and more passionate. Her groin ground into his crotch, his cock swelling in his pants. She was inflaming his blood, his lusts pumping through him. He had so many questions for her, but all that really mattered was that she was in his arms.

"Where did she come from?" Britney asked.

Aaliyah broke the kiss, looking over her shoulder at the astonished women. "Zaritha let me go," she smiled. "Oh, Kyle, I thought I would never see you again."

He scooped her up in his arms, holding his wife. She was so light, like she weighed nothing. Her laugh was airy as she put her arms around his neck and gave him another hot kiss. The passion of her lips was a scouring wind blowing all thought from his mind.

"Zaritha let you go?" Christy asked. "That doesn't seem right. Why would she capture you and then let you go? And wouldn't the Marid's have a problem with that?"

Aaliyah let out a moan in his lips, then broke the kiss. Kyle hated that. He needed to kiss her.

"Zaritha didn't take me straight to the Marids," Aaliyah answered as Kyle carried her to the sandy beach beside the oasis. "She had a change of heart. I was heading home to my people when I saw you." She let out a happy sequel. "Oh, my husband, I am so happy to be with you again."

He sat her down on the sand, laying out her naked body. Her round breasts heaved with her breaths, her dusky nipples hard and beading with something white. He thumbed her nipple, gathering the white substance on his thumb.

"I would not drink that," Britney warned. "There is something very wrong here, Kyle."

"I'm pregnant, Kyle," moaned Aaliyah. "My body is beginning to prepare for the baby. My breasts ache! Please, drink of my milk."

Kyle licked the drop off his finger. Bliss flooded his mind. It was as intoxicating as Fumi's scent, and lust burned through his blood. His cock swelled as he fell upon her breast, sucking in the sweet milk. Aaliyah moaned and cooed, stroking his face as her hands reached down to his pants and stroked his aching cock.

"Oh, yes, my husband! Drink my milk! I love you so much! Oh, yes!"

"Aaliyah," he panted between swallows, his lips moving to her other breast as her legs parted and her hairy bush pressed into his stomach, tickling him and growing hot with her excitement.

Shouldn't she be shaved?

Her sweet milk banished that thought.

Fatima moved beside them. "Kyle, you need to stop this. She isn't Aaliyah."

Aaliyah's hands guided his cock to her sopping pussy. He penetrated his wife, groaning for joy. "Of course she is, Fatima," he smiled, seizing his sister's hair and pulling her to his lips, kissing her, giving her a taste of the sweet milk.

Fatima moaned into his lips, thrusting her tongue deep into Kyle's mouth as he buried his cock all the way into Aaliyah's sweet cunt. Pleasure burned through him, Fatima's spear vanishing into fire as she reached out to fondle Aliyah's tit, squeezing and kneading, milk squirting out to fall on their skin.

"Umm, that is delicious," Fatima moaned, leaning down to lick the milk off Kyle's chest.

"This is ridiculous," snarled Britney, striding up. "I will put a stop to this, Kyle."

"Concubines, my wives and I are trying to have a moment, stop Britney."

Kyle didn't bother to look as he pumped his cock in and out of his beautiful wife. Fatima's tongue licked down his chest, kissing and nuzzling where Kyle's cock entered Aaliyah's lovely body. Women yelled behind him, but he didn't care. Fatima's tongue flicked at Aaliyah's clit, then she worked her way up Aaliyah's dusky body and latched her mouth onto Aaliyah's breast.

His sister looked so hot as she suckled at Aaliyah's dusky teat and his cock fucked his wife harder, his pleasure rising. Aaliyah stared up at him with such hungry passion, her hips bucking up to meet his thrust. Milk leaked out of her other breast, and Kyle bent over to get a taste.

"Oh, yes. Suckle, my love! Feast on my milk!" Aaliyah moaned.

He had never been happier than sharing his wife's milk with his sister while he fucked Aaliyah's tight pussy. His balls boiled, slapping into her taint as he pounded her. Aaliyah's moans rang out, mixing with the cries and shouts.

Darkness flashed out of the corner of his eyes. He turned. Christy appeared, folding out of the shadows, her black staff clutched in her hand. "This is ridiculous, Kyle," she snapped, reaching out to him.

He seized her hand, pulling her close to him. She summoned the darkness, trying to pull him with her. He resisted, fighting off her power with his aura. Kyle knew his aura was stronger than hers, and he wasn't going to let her take him away from Aaliyah. His mouth was full of milk and he pulled hard, jerking his wife down to him and he kissed her.

She stopped trying to steal him away as she tasted Aaliyah's milk.

"That's it," laughed Aaliyah. "Feed her my milk."

"She is dominating your master!" Britney shrieked in the background. "Fumi, talk sense into them!"

The pleasure crested in Kyle's balls as he kissed Christy. He drove into Aaliyah and let out a shudder as his cum flooded her hot depths. She gasped beneath him, her pussy convulsing about his cock, milking all the passion from him.

"You're mine, aren't you?" Aaliyah purred as he collapsed on her, pushing Fatima's mouth off her breast.

"I've always been yours, Aaliyah," he sighed, nuzzling her neck.

"We're both yours as well," Fatima smiled, snuggling up on one side.

"Always," sighed Christy as she nuzzled up to the other side.

"Good," Aaliyah smiled. "Because the Marids have taken the form of your loved ones." She pointed at the other women. "You must defeat them before they capture me again."

"They'll never capture you!" Kyle growled, standing up and summoning his sword. He looked out at the women. Britney, the witches, his concubines, and Fumi's forms all rippled. They weren't the women he loved. They were hideous monsters parading in their flesh. "I won't let you harm my wife!" he roared.

Britney glared in frustration at Shannon and her concubines ringing around her, Phillipa, Sable, and Fumi. Beyond she could see Kyle writhing with the fake Aaliyah. Christy and Fatima cavorted with him, both fallen under the spell of her milk. Britney did not know what that thing was. She wanted to strike out, but the stubborn concubines were obeying their master.

"Look at them," she hissed. "Since when does Aaliyah have breast milk?"

"Master gave us orders," Shannon repeated.

"That's right," Alexina nodded, her blonde hair swirling about her body.

"I am your mistress," Fumi repeated. "So stop surrounding us and help us save Kyle."

Shannon frowned, glancing over her shoulder.

"Look at them. Fatima and Christy have fallen under the spell," Fumi continued. "They went over to save Kyle and now they are joining him. Her milk is like my pheromones. They can control people with lust."

"She's a succubus?" gasped Toni.

"I think they're right, Mom," Chyna said. "Aaliyah's pubic hairs aren't shaved. She couldn't have grown a bush that thick in a day. Besides, she knows Master's preference."

"We need to pull them apart and figure this out," Lois agreed. She was the most dominant of Kyle's concubines, the only one not submissive. "This doesn't feel right. I'm with Fumi."

"They'll never capture you!" Kyle roared, rising up from Aaliyah's embrace. "I won't let you harm my wife!"

His sword appeared in his hand.

"Scatter!" Britney yelled and grabbed her mate, pulling Phillipa tight.

The concubines all moved with inhuman grace thanks to their enhancement. Britney scooped her mate into her arms and leaped as Fumi used wind from her bow to rise up into the air. The ground quaked and erupted where they had been standing—Kyle used his sword to control the element of earth.

"This is bad," Phillipa gasped as they landed in the brush.

"Ishtar, touch my enemies minds and put them to sleep!" Christy called out and Mindy, Carla, and Ann fell to the ground, enchanted by Christy's spell.

"This is getting worse," groaned Phillipa.

"Work a counter spell," Britney growled. "We need to find a way to contain them."

She reached into Waterclaw and guided the oasis water. It rose in an undulating column, flowing through the air as Britney guided it. The water surrounded Kyle, Fatima, Christy, and the impostor, forming a dome of crystal water around them, rippling and flashing sunlight.

"I hope that works," she muttered.

Red blossomed inside the dome. Fire slammed into the water. Britney fought against Fatima's passion, trying to keep her barrier from boiling away. She poured all her will into Waterclaw.

The ground shook beneath her feet.

Britney reacted without thought. She seized Phillipa and jumped again. Dirt sprayed her back and a palm tree groaned, crashing to the ground. Her barrier didn't seem to stop Kyle from commanding the earth to attack them.

"I am going to gut that impostor!" Britney hissed, letting Phillipa go, then turned and sprinted at the dome. It was a foolish act, but the change was on the Rakshasa, and she craved blood.

"Be careful!" Phillipa shouted.

The Rakshasa leaped, her triangular dagger thrust before her. The water parted, opening up to allow Britney to sailed through. She landed on her feet before the fake Aaliyah. The impostor yelped in surprise, milk leaking out of her breasts. Britney growled in fury and punched her katar at the impostor's stomach.

A sudden wind caught Britney, pushing her back and slowing her attack.

"Help me, Kyle!" the impostor shrieked as she nimbly danced away from the tip of Waterclaw.

Kyle rounded on her, hatred burning in his eyes. "You tried to kill my wife!"

Fear beat in Britney's heart as the ground rumbled beneath her.

Fumi stared at the dome of water Britney just leaped into, hoping the Rakshasa could accomplish something. Her own heart beat like a madman on drums. The man she loved was trying to kill her, and she didn't know what to do about that.

The globe of water suddenly contracted into a ball, exposing Kyle, Christy, and Fatima. The ball of water was thrown into the air by an eruption of the ground, landing on the shore of the empty oasis. The water parted, revealing Britney standing at the center.

"That's my wife!" Kyle roared and rocks began ripping out of the ground, hurtling at Britney. The Rakshasa whipped thin tentacles of water in front of her, smacking the rocks out of the air. The missiles came faster, but Britney never lost her cool.

Fatima's fire roared at several of the concubines, distorting Fumi's green vision as the air roiled in the heat and she could only hope they dodged the attack. She couldn't worry about them know. Fumi saw her chance and drew back her bow, aiming at the impostor Aaliyah. Shannon and Missy dashed at Fatima, but Christy cast a spell, driving the concubines back.

Fumi ignored it all and fired her arrow at the fake Aaliyah.

Her arrow flew true, guided by the winds. Suddenly, the air whipped up around Aaliyah, blocking Fumi's vision. Her arrow disappeared into the turbulence. When the air died, the fake Aaliyah held her arrow in her hand, twirling it.

"Nice try," Aaliyah laughed. "Using a Si'lat arrow on me is cute."

Is that what she is? A Si'lat? That made her a Djinn.

Fumi detonated her arrow, unleashing a gale of wind that threw Christy to the ground and should have sent the impostor sprawling as well. But her wind seemed to roll harmlessly off the Si'lat. Because Si'lat are made of the wind, like Jann are made of the earth.

"Fatima, the one with the bow is firing arrows at me!" the fake impostor gasped. "Save me."

Fatima turned, setting her spear, and charged at Fumi. The air distorted around the burning tip of Fatima's yari. Fumi flinched, her body remembering the pain of being burned by Zaritha's fire. She reacted without thought, firing an arrow at Fatima's feet.

The arrow landed and a gale exploded from it, throwing Fatima back. Fumi winced, hoping she didn't hurt her wife. But Fatima could be as ruthless as Britney with her spear.

"What are we going to do?" Phillipa gasped.

"I don't know," Fumi groaned. "Kill the impostor somehow."

Kayleah and Teleisia fell on the fallen Fatima, pinning her to the ground. For a moment, they pinned the small woman. And then fire burned around Fatima. Heat roiled against Fumi's face. It was an inferno. Kayleah and Teleisia burst from the flames, crying in pain. Fire crackled, catching the green plants on fire, filling the air with boiling distortions that Fumi couldn't see through.

"You bitches!" snarled Fatima from the inferno.

Phillipa grabbed one of the burned concubines, casting a healing spell as Fumi summoned a great wind to drive back Fatima's flames. Fatima threw her fire at Fumi. So Fumi directed the wind, deflecting the hissing fireballs to the side and setting more plants on fire.

Christy appeared next to Fumi from the darkness. "Ishtar, defend your servant..."

Fumi couldn't let Christy finish her spell. She turned her gust, slamming it into Christy. Her wife's words faltered as the sudden blast knocked her off her feet, hurtling her towards a group of the concubines. They seized Christy, clamping hands over her mouth.

Finally, something in our favor.

Christy vanished, warping away with the power of her staff.

"Bitch!" Fatima snarled.

Heat rushed towards Fumi.

"You tried to kill my wife!" Kyle snarled over and over as he whipped rocks at the Marid pretending to be Britney. The evil creature used water to protect herself, blocking his attacks, proving she was a vile Marid.

This was getting nowhere.

So he charged forward.

The water, rotating around the Marid in snake-like tendrils, surged forward. Kyle commanded the rocks before him to rise up before the water. The Marid's attack struck the rock, but instead of being stopped, they flowed around the rock.

"Fuck!" Kyle snarled as the water hurtled towards him. But the water didn't slam into him. Instead, it rushed past him, swirling in a contracting sphere about him. The water almost touched him as it completely engulfed him. He moved his arm, the force of the rushing water slapping his hand back.

He was imprisoned.

"You have to stop fighting me," the Marid shouted. "I am Britney."

"Your lies are pathetic! Britney would never try to kill Aaliyah."

"I will kill anything that threatens you. I swore to protect you, Kyle. When we met in the second grade. Remember the science fair? We were partnered together."

"If you're Britney, why would you have to kill my wife?"

Through the distortion world of roiling water, the evil Marid's wavering form strode around his rock shield. Kyle struggled to batter through the water, but it slapped him back every time.

I have to do something about her water.

"That is not your wife!" she yelled. "Believe me, Kyle."

"Why would I believe a filthy Marid!"

He commanded the ground beneath him to open, dropping into the earth. He controlled the element. With Earthbones, he ordered the rocks and dirt to open a path before him. He could feel where she stood, sensing the minute vibrations in the earth. Her steps circled; she was wary of where his attack would come from next.

Kyle was beneath her, ready for his strike.

He rose up, bursting from the ground behind her, dirt falling from his body. He raised his sword up, swinging a brutal cut at her back. But the Marid spun, impossibly fast. She had a katar in her hand, the triangular, punching dagger lunging right for his chest.

Kyle flinched, expecting the cold pain of the dagger plunging into his chest.

The strike didn't land. The Marid stopped the katar right before hitting him.

His sword came down and she dodged to the left. His blade struck the ground. His ground. As she rolled, he raised the stone around her. She smacked into a upthrusting boulder, growling as she struggled to her feet.

"Please, Kyle!" she shouted as he pivoted and swung at her again. "You are my best friend!"

Kyle... Aaliyah's voice whispered in his mind.

The Marid caught his sword on her katar and was knocked back by the force of his blow.

Can you hear me, Kyle?

The Ayubbad Wasteland

Cool earth was beneath her. She drew strength from it. The earth was pure and her body absorbed it, replacing her flesh tainted by the foul poison burning through her. Her body imbibed the strength of the earth. The wound on her neck knitted together, replacing her torn muscle and skin with the dirt until her flesh was once more unmarred.

Aaliyah opened her eyes.

For a moment, fear beat through her. Where is the Ghul?

And then she saw Zaritha's head lying on her stomach. The Ifrit's body trembled and shook, a festering wound devouring Zaritha's flesh. The Ghul's poison consumed her body. Aaliyah feared for herself, remembering the painful bite to her neck.

Aaliyah's hand went to her throat. There was no wound, only piled dirt. "You healed me," Aaliyah whispered. "Instead of saving yourself."

Zaritha didn't answer.

Aaliyah sat up, trying to see where she was. Rust-red rocks stretched as far as she could see, the wind hazing the air with bleeding dust. It was the blasted wasteland of the Ghul. She couldn't stay here. She needed help.

Her eyes opened wide. I'm outside of the Sapphine Caves.

She was no longer surrounded by telepathy blocking sapphire.

Kyle, she sent out. Kyle, can you hear me?

Aaliyah! Are you okay? Are the Marids attacking you?

No, she answered. Wish me to your side, my love. Please.

I wish you were by my side.

Aaliyah's power responded and she teleported, her body folding up and then unfolding beside him. "Kyle!" she gasped. Britney was lying before him, blood smeared on her head, while Kyle hammered his sword down at her. "What is going on?"

"That's not Aaliyah!" a woman shouted.

Aaliyah turned to see herself, naked, milk leaking down her breast. She gaped in astonishment, her eyes darting about. The air was filled with the roar of a fire and the shouts and cries of women. Everywhere she looked was chaos. Christy was casting spells at the concubines, and Fatima and Fumi warred with wind and flames.

"What is going on, Kyle?" she asked her husband.

Kyle turned to face her, looking down at her, then at the impostor. "Aaliyah?"

"She's an impostor," the fake Aaliyah shouted. "Kill her, Kyle, before she puts you under her spell."

I'm not the fake! she screamed into her husband's mind as he raised his sword. His eyes were glazed, his mind befuddled.

But you are, he responded.

If I was the fake, why am I speaking in your mind? Is the other one doing that?

"Kill her, Kyle!" shouted her impostor. "Please, my love."

"But, what if she's real?" Kyle asked, shaking his head.

Britney stood up behind Kyle in a low crouch. Aaliyah shook her head at the Rakshasa. Then the Djinn faced her husband and his brandished weapon. She sent out her thoughts to his mind: Only the real Aaliyah can talk to you like this. It's because of our bond. You freed me from my lamp. You're the only one that can command my powers. Make a wish. Prove that I am your Djinn.

His sword lowered.

"No!" the impostor screamed. "You can't believe her lies. I'm your wife!"

"You could be a trick," Kyle groaned, his face twisting in painful indecision. "You could just be speaking in my mind."

Then make a wish. In your thoughts! Prove which one is the real one!

I wish for the real Aaliyah to be at my side, Kyle thought.

Aaliyah granted his wish, flashing the few feet to stand beside him. "It is me, my love."

He glanced at the fake.

"Don't be deceived," the impostor cried out, her hand sliding up to her breast and squeezing out a drop of milk. "Remember who fed you and gave you such bliss."

Kyle trembled, his muscles tensing as he warred with himself.

"Use your sword," Aaliyah whispered. "Stone is truth. And the truth banishes lies."

"I will know the truth!" he roared and his sword burned with golden light. He slammed the point into the ground. A burst of golden light rippled from the blade, racing across the ground, Aaliyah, and Britney on its way to reach the fake.

"No!" The impostor flinched as the golden light rippled past her. Her figure rippled. She grew taller, her body more willowy and her breasts swelled, heavier than Aaliyah's. She was a dusky beauty, her lips lush and cruel.

"Your lies are undone, Si'lat!" Aaliyah hissed at her.

"So they are," the Si'lat laughed. "Such a pity." Her hand flicked forward and a green knife, made of compressed air like Fumi's arrow, tumbled through the air at Aaliyah's breast.

Kyle moved before Aaliyah, pushing her back. He grunted in pain as the green dagger buried into his shoulder. "That's my wife you tried to kill!" he growled and the earth shook.

The Si'lat danced as the earth erupted around her, dagger-like spikes bursting forth in clouds of dust, trying to seek her flesh. She moved with grace, her hands flicking another pair of daggers at Kyle. He swiped his sword to the side, knocking them from the air.

"You bitch! You tricked us!" screamed Fatima and a gout of flame soared at the Si'lat.

The Si'lat leaped out of the way of the fire as Britney surged around Kyle, racing at the impostor. Aaliyah smiled as fear danced in the Si'lat's eyes as Britney's katar punched at her flesh. She dodged the attack, whipping around Britney like the wind flowing around a pillar.

Kyle flicked his sword. A piece of one of the jagged rocks thrust out of the ground broke off and hurtled at the Si'lat. She dodged the first one, her black hair flowing. But not the second one. It struck her in the side.

"No!" she gasped, stumbling into Britney's punching dagger. Waterclaw penetrated between the Si'lat's breast, blood pouring down her cheek. She fell to the ground, gasping and wheezing before them.

Britney twisted her dagger, frowning. "There is something wrapped about her heart. A chain."

"Break it!" Kyle screamed. "Kill the bitch, Britney!"

"Your will!" Britney roared.

"No!" the Si'lat cried as Britney shoved harder with her dagger.

The Si'lat's body rippled. Water squirted out of her mouth and nose. More ripped out of her stomach. Then her flesh billowed away on the wind as she let out a strangled cry. A heart appeared, impaled by Waterclaw and wrapped in a diamond chain. The chain fell apart, the shattered links landing on the sand in a puddle of water. The heart beat once more, then blew away like the rest of her flesh.

Fatima strode up. "Is that really you, Aaliyah?"

Aaliyah smiled, looking around as her bedraggled family began to gather around. Teleisia, her concubine, limped forward, leaning on Phillipa's arm. Christy helped Toni to her feet and Fumi tramped forward with Kayleah and Shannon.

Then Kyle, his shoulder bleeding, hugged her. "It's really you," he whispered. "How?"

"Zaritha," she whispered. "Kyle, you need to wish her here."

"Why?" he asked. "She's our enemy."

"Not anymore. She saved me and was badly wounded. She's still alive." Aaliyah squeezed him harder, his blood wetting her chest. "She's your concubine, Kyle. She was caught between two masters, but she made the right choice and came to my rescue."

"Okay," Kyle sighed and made his wish.

Aaliyah's power reached out and summoned Kyle's concubine to him. Zaritha appeared on the ground, her body trembling and covered in a sheen of sweat. A quiet whimper escaped her lips.

"What's she doing here?" Fatima asked.

"She needs your fire," Aaliyah said. "She's been poisoned by one of Rashid's servants. A Ghul that almost killed us both."

Fatima raised her eyebrows. "She kidnapped you and landed us in this mess."

Aaliyah broke away from Kyle and walked over to the younger woman and hugged her. "She is one of our concubines, and she is wounded."

"Why are we forgiving everyone that kidnaps you, Aaliyah," she sighed.

"Because they are all Kyle's women," Aaliyah answered. "So will you be obedient to our husband's will."

Fatima let out a snort of laughter.

"Heal her, Fatima," Kyle said, his voice firm. "If she was injured protecting Aaliyah, then she deserves to be healed.

"Fine, big bro," Fatima sighed.

"You were able to forgive me," Christy smiled. "I'm sure you can forgive Zaritha."

"I haven't forgiven you yet," Fatima muttered, striding over to the Zaritha. "So, what do I do?"

"She is an Ifrit. She is fire made flesh, and she needs fire to restore her flesh. Engulf her with you passion."

"I can do that," Fatima laughed and fire burned hot, engulfing Zaritha.

"Wait, that is a Si'lat that attacked us?" Britney asked. "Air made flesh?"

"Yes, she was," Aaliyah answered, looking over at the links of chains. What were those?

"Then she will heal. She blew away on the wind. She will absorb it."

"She is dead," Zaritha coughed, sitting up and staring at the chains. "She can't heal from what you did."

"You are sure?" Britney asked.

"We can die," Aaliyah whispered. "You ripped her body apart with the water before she blew away."

"She was Unbound," Zaritha said, and Aaliyah shivered, remembering the Ghul. "When you broke her chain, you destroyed what anchored her in this Realm. She is suffering in Haawiyah where she belongs."

"Who was she?" Fumi asked, kneeling before her. "Do you know her?"

"I presume she is one of Rashid's servants," Aaliyah said, shuddering in disgust at the foul things Rashid employed."

"She is," Zaritha said. "One of his five Unbound."

Aaliyah turned to see the Ifrit sitting up, fire burning on her skin. "Like the Ghul."

Zaritha nodded. "Five Unbound serve Rashid. That is, or was, Aalizunah. She enjoyed killing Mortals as they lay in her embrace."

Fumi shifted. "A succubus?"

"Not like you," Zaritha answered. "She would use more mundane methods to kill them. Usually, she plunged a dagger into their hearts when they spilled inside her."

"Guess it's a good thing she wanted to control you, big bro," Fatima giggled. "You dodged a bullet."

"You lay with her?" Aaliyah asked.

He shrugged, then winced. "I thought she was you."

"You're hurt," Aaliyah gasped.

"A lot of us are," Kyle said, looking around.

"We'll take care of it," Christy nodded, walking over to Kyle and laying her hands on him and began to heal him.

Sahabah

Rashid ibn al-Marid, Sultan of the Unseen Realm, stared in disgust at the broken chain of diamond. Jowdah had perished this morning and now Aalizunah. The Si'lat whore and the bestial Ghul were not the strongest of his Unbound, but it troubled him that two of his weapons were dead.

Could the boy actually unseat me?

He feared that Aaliyah must have brought her husband into the Hidden Realm. Kyle was more powerful than Rashid had imagined ... The prophecy tightened about his neck, a noose threatening to strangle him. He stroked his white beard, pondering what his next move should be. Only the Ifrit could be trusted. The Jann would fall in line behind Kyle, and the Si'lat would swoon like the whores they are for the handsome youth. The Ghul would not care who ruled, and the Marid would question his strength. They all ready whispered behind his back, questioning what had happened to his children.

His enemies were all about him, sharpening their daggers, eager to see his fall. He had ruled the Djinn for two thousand years, crushing all who dared oppose him. But his enemies all had kin.

"You need an ally," a hissing voice whispered from the shadows.

He stiffened, turning around. "Who is there?"

"An emissary."

A distortion moved in his room. A being so hideous that light itself warped around it, unwilling to illuminate Erinyes's foul visage. Rashid gathered his power, ready to lash out with water and drown Hecate's foul daughter.

"What is your message?" he asked.

"My mother wishes an alliance," Erinyes hissed. "Kyle and his women have wronged her greatly. They have slain and captured her servants, and one of his wife is a traitor." Erinyes let out a skittering growl. "My mother wishes for their deaths."

"And what is the cost?" Rashid asked, narrowing his eyes.

"Only to see her enemies undone."

Rashid believed not a single word of it. Hecate's offer always concealed a poisoned dagger. "What help does she offer?"

"Her newest servant," Erinyes purred. "A woman that Kyle will not be able to raise his hand against."

The Spiritual Realm

Faiza lifted her lips from her Goddess's breast, the milk warm in her stomach. She licked her lips, kissing down her Goddess's sleek belly. Hecate purred as she nuzzled at her belly, spreading the Goddess's pale thighs open with her dusky hands.

"Do you accept me fully?" Hecate purred as Faiza's lips brushed her black pubic hair.

"I do, Hecate."

The scent of her Goddess's arousal filled her nose, urging her lips to slip lower. She let the aroma guide her lips. Her tongue licked out, savoring the tart flavor, loving the silky feel of her labia as she pleasured her Goddess.

"Will you be my instrument of my vengeance? Will you carry my retribution to my enemies."

"Yes!" Faiza gasped, licking her clitoris. "I will crush Kyle, Britney, and Christy."

A memory tickled the back of her mind. Those names were so familiar. Faiza wondered if she knew Kyle before her death and rebirth. Was he the man who killed her? She tried to reach into her mind and unlock the memories buried by the trauma of her death.

"Will you be my avatar?" Hecate asked.

She looked up into the depths of her Goddess's eyes. "I will be your avatar. I will carry your vengeance to Kyle."

A face swam before her eyes. Dark, almond eyes, a youthful smile. Something stirred in her heart. Love? Did she love Kyle? She looked at her Goddess, opening her mouth, "Who is he to me?"

Hecate cupped her hands. "Your son."

Memories flooded her mind, her life blossoming before her. She tried to pull back from Hecate's grip, but the Goddess's pale fingers were hard as iron. This was Hecate, the Goddess that put her daughter in a coma and tried to drain Aaliyah's power.

This was the Goddess that Burke had served.

The memory of his whips and domination screamed through Faiza's soul.

"No!" she shouted as the Goddess slipped into her soul. "No, no, no!"

"You said yes," hissed Hecate in her mind. "You're my avatar now."

Faiza felt herself crushed down into her soul as Hecate possessed her body.
Chapter 29 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 28 |   Bottom
Chapter 29: Harem of the Warrior
Posted: February 27, 2015 - 06:31:09 pm
Updated: April 13, 2015 - 05:01:03 pm

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Thursday, January 28th – The Jann Desert, the Hidden Realm

Britney's head throbbed.

Smoke tickled her nose while palm trees crackled about as Fatima's fire spread. Phillipa, her mate, knelt beside her, reaching out to touch her head. Britney winced and Phillipa's hand came away red.

"I'm fine," the Rakshasa growled, her blood still pumping with adrenaline after the fight.

"Let me heal you," Phillipa smiled, her almond-shape eyes full of concern. "Kyle knocked you in the head pretty hard."

"I am not the only one injured," Britney said. "There are others hurt worse."

"And Christy and Sable are attending to them." Phillipa's soft hands touched her face. "Ishtar, share your love with this Rakshasa and restore her health." Phillipa's amulet flashed with jade light and Britney shivered as her split scalp knitted back together and her headache faded. "There, better?"

"It is," Britney smiled.

Phillipa leaned in and gave her a kiss on the lips. Then a second kiss.

"We do not have time for that," Britney said, cupping her mate's face.

"Really?" A smile played on Phillipa's perfect face. "Kyle has just been reunited with Aaliyah. Look at them. We are not leaving for a little while."

Britney glanced over at the growing mob of Kyle's concubines crowding around him and his wives. She took a deep breath, the air thick with feminine lust. An orgy was on the verge of breaking out.

"All the more reason for me to be on guard," Britney said. "They are all slaves to their lust right now."

"Kyle!" Phillipa shouted. "You need to make a wish."

"What?" Kyle asked, breaking away from Aaliyah's hungry lips.

"Have Aaliyah protect us."

Kyle nodded. "Yeah, right. Good idea, Phillipa."

"There, problem solved," Phillipa beamed. "My heart's beating with such excitement. I need to bleed off some energy."

Britney's cock swelled in her sweatpants. "Okay," she sighed as her mate's lips found her mouth, her tongue thrusting in.

The fires burning suddenly extinguished. At least Fatima had the good sense to put those out before letting herself get carried away.

Phillipa pushed them down into the soft soil, her body warm and lithe atop Britney's. Her cock swelled more as Phillipa's hands slid beneath her sweatshirt, grasping her round breast and pinching her hard nipples. Britney moaned into her lips, wrapping her arms around her mate.

She rolled them over, Phillipa's black hair spreading across the ground. Britney broke the kiss, looking down at her mate and her beautiful smile. Britney brushed a lock of her hair from her cheek, then leaned over, nuzzling at Phillipa's neck, nipping her flesh.

Phillipa gasped in pain. "Britney," she moaned, the pain adding to her pleasure. Britney dug her teeth in harder, loving the feel of her lover's flesh in her mouth. Phillipa writhed beneath her, gasping happily, her hands sliding down Britney's back, pushing into her sweatpants and groping Britney's butt, her fingernails digging into her flesh.

Britney humped her hips, rubbing her cock into Phillipa's crotch, pleasure tingling through her. Her hands pushed up Phillipa's shirt, exposing her round, olive breasts and her hard, dark nipples. Britney kissed down to them, nipping the hard nub hard.

"You know how I love it," Phillipa cooed as Britney gave her nipple another bite.

Britney loved the way her mate gasped when she hurt Phillipa. Her cock throbbed hard as she gripped Phillipa's nipple, pulling with her teeth and stretching her tit out. Phillipa gasped and moaned, her hands shoving down Britney's pants to find her hard cock.

"I need this so bad," Phillipa moaned. "Fuck me."

Britney looked up at her mate's flushed face. She inhaled her nose, filling with Phillipa's tart juices. "I think you need to feel a little more pain."

Phillipa's face lit up. "Maybe."

Britney slid down her mate's body, pushing her skirt up. Her panties were soaked with her excitement. Britney tore them off, loving the red marks the cloth left against Phillipa's flesh. Then her face buried into Phillipa's pussy, licking and nuzzling, drinking in the flavor of her mate. Phillipa's labia were fat and Britney didn't hesitate to bite them, pulling on them with her teeth, loving the way it made Phillipa gasp and moan.

"That's it! Hurt me! Umm, I love it!"

Britney bit harder, loving the squirms her mate made as she inflicted more pain. Phillipa's hips jerked, bucking her pussy into Britney's hungry mouth. Britney spread Phillipa's pussy open, working her tongue in deep while she pinched Phillipa's clit hard, abusing the poor nub.

Phillipa was in heaven.

Her screams grew louder, inflaming Britney to pinch harder while her tongue worked around the depths of Phillipa's pussy, drinking in the flood of tangy juices. Phillipa's black hair tossed about her head as she thrashed and moaned, savoring the wonderful pain and pleasure Britney gave her.

"Britney!" she screamed as she came. Juices squirted into Britney's hungry mouth, leaking down her chin. Britney drank them all down, reveling in the passion of her mate's climax. "Oh, yes, yes, yes!"

Britney licked her chops, looking up her mate's heaving form, a big smile plastered on her face. She loved making Phillipa cum almost as much as she loved hurting her. Britney's cock throbbed in her sweatpants, aching to be buried in Phillipa's sweet flesh.

"Roll over," Britney hissed.

Phillipa smiled, rolling onto her stomach, her bubbly, olive-toned ass clenching in anticipation. "Are you fucking my ass?"

"Yes."

"Without lube?"

Britney trembled. "Yes, I am."

"That's going to hurt so much," panted Phillipa, her hands reaching behind her to spread her butt-cheeks apart and exposed her dark sphincter. "Do it! Hurt me! Make me scream."

Britney shoved her sweatpants down, her hard cock popping out, dripping a little bit of precum—it wasn't enough to lube the way. She crawled over her mate, licking Phillipa's cheek up to her ear. "Are you read, my love?"

"I am," she purred. "Do it. Make me burn with sweet agony."

Phillipa was such a pain slut. She was perfect.

Britney thrust her cock into Phillipa's hot, velvety ass. It was so hard to drive into her unlubed hole, Phillipa's flesh resisting her entrance. She had to fuck her mate harder. Phillipa screamed in pain, her body shuddering beneath Britney's thrusts.

"Fuck my ass!" gasped Phillipa. "Tear me up! Do it! Don't be gentle!"

Britney planted her hands on the ground beside Phillipa's shoulders, drawing her hips back—the pleasure was intense, shuddering through her body—and drove her cock deep into Phillipa's bowels. Over and over, the friction burning both their bodies. Delight filled the Rakshasa as she violated her mate's ass over and over.

"That's it! Take my cock! Feel every painful inch of me!"

"I am!" Phillipa sobbed, tears leaking from her eyes. "So much pain! You're ripping me apart!"

Britney licked the salt of her mate's tears from her cheek, her hips hammering her harder and harder. Phillipa squirmed and moaned beneath her. Moans and pants joined her sobs, her hips bucking up to meet Britney's thrusts.

The pleasure built inside Britney, her pussy leaking out a flood of juices, clenching in anticipation of her orgasm. The pleasure flowed down to the tip of her cock buried in Phillipa's tight ass, itching to explode into her mate's bowels.

"Britney! Yes! So hard! Oh, fuck! Love me harder! Make me cum! You wonderful mate!"

Phillipa's ass clenched about Britney's dick, massaging her. Phillipa howled her orgasm, joining the other feminine cries echoing through the oasis. The pleasure swelled at the tip of Britney's cock. She stabbed deep into Phillipa's bowels, her teeth nipping Phillipa's neck.

The cum exploded out of her.

The pleasure was intense, pulsing in time to her eruptions of cum. Britney screeched and hissed as the bliss overwhelmed her.

Then she collapsed on her mate's back, mewling into her ear.

"I love you," Phillipa murmured, her eyes closing.

Darkness was falling on the oasis, the sun setting. Britney took in a deep breath of her mate's scent, loving the feel of her warm body beneath her and closed her eyes. After the fight, and the wonderful sex, she could use a cat nap.

Aaliyah was swarmed by her wives and husband. Around the oasis, hulking homunculi, conjured out of the desert sands, guarded them. Kyle's wish was smart, freeing them to love each without worrying. Her heart beat for joy as Kyle's strong arms wrapped around her.

"I missed you so much," he whispered in her ear as Fatima's lips sucked enthusiastically at her right breast. "I can't lose any more of the people I love."

Grief beat in Aaliyah's heart. She had just learned of her mother-in-law's death at Burke's hand. And then Fumi's wonderful tongue worked between her thighs, nuzzling at her pussy, replacing grief with joy. The Japanese succubus was enthusiastic, her tongue finding all the delightful spots in her cunt that brought such joy to Aaliyah.

"I'm glad you're back," Christy said, almost sounding surprised with herself.

Aaliyah smiled at the woman, pulling her close. Christy's lips found Aaliyah's other nipple, sucking and nibbling, adding the pleasure to the bliss Fatima and Fumi were giving her. She stretched out on the ground, Kyle's strong lips finding hers as she let her lovers lick and suck at her flesh.

It was so wonderful. She was back where she belonged. Kyle's strong hands roamed her flesh, joining the soft touches of her wives. Aaliyah moaned into his lips as the pleasure swelled inside her. Fumi's fingers delicately slipped into her pussy, pumping in and out, as the succubus tongue swirled about her clit.

I love you all so much, she sent to her spouses. Thank you for coming for me!

Nothing could have kept us away, Kyle answered. Even the concubines risked death to find you!

We love you so much! Fatima squealed in her mind. I'd break into hell to save you.

Tears built in her eyes as she felt their love. Her hands reached out, touching all of them, loving the feel of Fatima's budding breasts, Fumi's porcelain face, Christy's wet pussy, and Kyle's hard cock. Her hand lingered on his shaft, stroking him.

She wanted to feel her husband inside her.

Make me cum, Fumi! Get me ready for our husband's love!

*Gladly! the succubus responded, her tongue sucking harder at Aaliyah's bud.

The pleasure built, shuddering through her. She thrust her tongue into Kyle's mouth, swirling about his tongue as her body tensed. And then she exploded. Her body bucked beneath her wives hungry mouths. Her spicy juices squirted into Fumi's lips as the bliss burned through her. Fatima and Christy sucked harder at her tits, prolonging the rolling waves of her passion.

And then the bliss died.

"She's all ready for you, Kyle," purred Fumi.

Fatima tackled Fumi, driving the succubus to the ground to lick Aaliyah's juices off Fumi's face. Their bodies pressed together, both petite, though Fatima's was duskier. Their hips writhed together, tribbing their pussies as they enjoyed each other's flesh.

"She's eager for your cock, Kyle," Christy said, grasping Kyle's dick as he mounted Aaliyah.

The Jann looked up at her husband looming over her, his body covered in rock-hard muscles that made her shiver with desire. Her legs spread for him, submitting to the desires and needs of her husband. Christy guided his cock, proving that she no longer harbored jealousy towards the Jann.

"I love you, Christy," Aaliyah said, finally forgiving the witch completely.

Kyle's cock touched her lips as tears brimmed in Christy's hazel eyes. "Thank you," she whispered, rubbing Kyle's cock up and down Aaliyah's pussy.

"Do you love me?" Kyle asked.

"Absolutely," Aaliyah and Christy said together, then giggled.

Kyle thrust into her.

Aaliyah's body surged with pleasure. She arched her back, humping her pussy into his thrusts. She loved the feel of him in her flesh, squeezing down about him. She loved fooling around with her wives and concubines, but this is what her body truly craved—to be one with her husband and lord.

"Kyle!" she moaned, her arms wrapping around him, pulling him tight into her embrace. Her nipples rubbed against his heavy muscles, tingling with pleasure as her hips bucked to meet him. "Love me!"

"Always," he moaned. "You're my Genie and wife forever."

Their hips moved together, pleasure swirling through her. She kissed and nibbled at his strong jawline, his stubble rasping on her lips. Her legs wrapped around his hips, pulling him tight, not wanting to let him go.

Darkness fell as they made love, the stars coming out above her. She gasped and moaned, every stroke of her husband's cock building the pleasure in her core. He moaned in her ear, groaning her name as her pussy pleasured him.

His thrust grew harder, his pubic bone mashing into her clit. Sparks flew and she worked her hips harder, loving the pleasure. Her fingernails bit into his back as the passion swelled within her, filling up her body.

"Kyle!" she screamed as her orgasm exploded through her.

So wonderful. The stars overhead swam and danced.

Bliss consumed her.

Kyle's hard cock hammered her, prolonging her rapture.

"Kyle, Kyle, Kyle!" she moaned. "Give me your love! Pour it into me!"

"Yes!" he moaned. "My sweet Aaliyah!"

Kyle's words sent another shudder through her. His thrusts were hard and frantic, the need to erupt building in his balls. She couldn't wait, her pussy clenching and spasming about his cock, milking him, eager to fill his cum.

"Aaliyah!"

His cum burst into her, a flood of molten passion. She spasmed beneath him, more rapture exploding through her. She loved this moment, her body drinking in the seed, maybe kindling new life inside her.

"I love you," he whispered."

Aaliyah smiled and kissed him and wanted to hold him forever.

But the concubines were waiting to share their love as well and she let Kyle be pulled away and welcomed their exuberant embrace. Teleisia, Aaliyah's ebony concubine, nuzzled between her thighs, licking up Kyle's cum as it flowed out.

"I missed you, my Queen," she cried, showing her love.

Aaliyah smiled at the ebony beauty. "I missed you as well. Flip around and we'll sixty-nine."

Teleisia squealed, her dark thighs straddling Aaliyah's head and the Genie eagerly licked at her concubines pussy.

Kyle was pulled away by Ms. Capello and Shannon, their heavy breasts swaying. "Christy gave us a few enhancements that the other girls didn't get," Shannon purred as the two women stretched out side by side, pulling Kyle on top of him.

"Oh, yeah?" Kyle asked his MILF concubine, his eyes going from her heavy tits to Ms. Capello's magnificent rack.

"Yes," Ms. Capello purred, pinching her dark, fat nipple. Milk leaked out, white in the starlight, leaking down her tan breast.

Kyle's cock hardened at the sight. "Shit," he muttered, leaning down and sucking on her nipple. Wonderful, hot, creamy milk flooded his mouth. He sucked hard, letting the sweet liquid pour into him, swirling it around, then swallowing it. There was a delightful, melony flavor to the milk, far sweeter than a cow's, and far more delicious.

"I think he likes it," purred Shannon, proffering her heavy tit.

Kyle licked his milk stained lips and moved to Shannon's heavy tit, sucking the milk into his lips, loving it as much as Ms. Capello's. His cock was grasped by Ms. Capello's supple hand, stroking him as he feasted on Shannon's delights.

And then a taboo thought burned in him. "Chyna!" he cried out.

"Yes, Master!" her voice called out, thick with passion.

"Get over here!"

Chyna pulled out of a pile of concubine flesh, leaving behind Toni, Alexina, and Mindy as they sucked and nibbled on each other. She came over, her heavy breasts swaying. She was a younger version of Shannon, just as beautiful, a budding flower compared to her mother's full bloom.

"Nurse your daughter, Shannon," Kyle groaned, moving back to Ms. Capello's breast.

Shannon shuddered and Chyna let out a squeal as she fell on her mother.

"You're lactating!" she gasped before her lips engulfed Shannon's fat nipple, sucking for all her worth. Her cheeks hallowed, letting Shannon's milk flood her hungry mouth.

"That's it, baby girl," Shannon moaned. "Oh, I loved nursing you when you were a child. That's it. Suck Mommy's milk. Drink it all down so you can become a big girl."

"I want to, Mommy!" she groaned. "I want to grow big and strong!"

Kyle's cock throbbed with need. He buried into Ms. Capello's sopping cunt, bending down to suck at her breast while watching the incestuous nursing to his left. Ms. Capello moaned, her hips bucking up to meet his thrusts as her rich milk flooded his mouth.

Shannon stroked her daughter's hair, legs entwining, rubbing their hot pussies on each other's thighs. Chyna's cheeks hallowed as she nursed, adding the depraved sound of her suckling to Kyle's. Her eyes flashed with delight as she suckled from her mother's teat, her hips sliding her wet cunt up and down Shannon's thighs.

"That's it! Oh, yes! You are so wonderful. My beautiful, lovely, passionate daughter! Oh, yes! Oh, fucking yes!"

"Mommy! I love you so much!"

Kyle's balls slapped into Ms. Capello's taint, heavy with his cum. His cock throbbed, his passion boiling over quick. Between the hot milk flooding his mouth, the velvety cunt wrapped around his dick, and the incestuous nursing beside him, Kyle's balls were on the verge of erupting.

"Yes, yes! Suck harder, baby girl!" screamed Shannon, her free hand pinching at her other nipple. Milk squirted up into the air as she body bucked. "I'm cumming! Your wonderful mouth made mommy cum!"

Kyle shuddered as Chyna writhed and spasmed about her mother, her mouth not releasing her tit as she orgasmed. Kyle buried his cock into Ms. Capello, sucking hard at her tit and getting a mouthful of her delicious milk.

Then he came in her, basting her cunt with as much of his cum as he could. The pleasure burst out of him, basting Ms. Capello's cunt with his thick load. He shuddered, swallowing her sweet milk as she climaxed beneath him.

"Fuck, that was wild," Kyle moaned. "I need to thank Christy for this."

"You're welcome," she purred, sliding beside him and taking a suck at Ms. Capello's tit. Then she kissed him and shoved her milk-filled cum into his lips. "You can thank me with this hard cock."

Christy's hand grasped him, and he grinned. "I love you."

Zaritha watched the orgy of the concubines, sitting by herself.

She was alive. She had thought she had sacrificed her life for Aaliyah, a final act of defiance against Rashid for betraying her. And now she had her chance to take the fight to him. She had always been loyal to him. She had secured his alliance with the Ifrit and arranged for Aaliyah's father to fall.

She had a new master now. Her soul was no longer tied between her two oaths. Rashid had discarded her service, and she had no compunctions serving Kyle now. Her heart burned with rage and fire.

He lounged with his wife Christy, their passions spent, and she crossed to him. His eyes fell on her body as she crossed, hunger glinting in his eyes. He had the appetite for all these women heaving their bodies together in the oasis.

She knelt before him, pressing her face into the earth. "I humbly apologize, my husband, for kidnapping your wife. I am your concubine fully now. My heart shall only beat to your cause."

His hands cupped her cheeks, lifting up her face. He stared into her eyes, his fingers hard as stone on her cheeks. "You will tell me everything about Rashid's plans, minions, and defenses. You will hold nothing back."

"Nothing," she smiled. "You are my husband. I swore to be your concubine. I was disobedient, but no longer. I am Zaritha of the Ifrit, and I submit wholly to you."

"Wholly?" he asked, his cock growing hard, shiny with Christy's juices.

"You may take your pleasure in my body," Zaritha answered, her pussy growing damp. "Let my fires warm you this night."

She turned, kneeling, presenting herself, letting her fires burn away the red silks draping her body, revealing her dusky beauty to her master's eyes. His hands touched her, squeezing her ass, her cheeks spread open. She shuddered as his thumb brushed her asshole.

Would he want to take me there?

She gasped as his thumb pressed into her sphincter, stirring burning pleasure through her. She looked over her shoulder, smiling at his muscular body. This was going to be her life. The price for destroying Rashid.

His cock nudged the lips of her pussy, sliding up and down her lips. His thumb stabbed deeper. Her body shuddered, his dick teasing her. She bit her lips, staring at him, wanting him to thrust his cock into her sopping depths.

"Master," she panted, pushing her hips back, the tip of his cock just entering her sopping hole.

"What?" he asked, a grin on his face. "What do you want?"

She could see it in his eyes; he wanted her to submit. To beg him for his cock. He liked to dominate his women. She remembered the afternoon last week when she let Kyle dominate her in the hallway to protect herself from Aaliyah's powers.

"Fuck me, Master," she moaned. "Take me like you did in the hallway!"

"Because you're my slut?" he growled, sliding his dick in just another inch. "Because your horny, Ifrit cunt needs my cock?"

"It does! Fuck me! I'm your slut! Your dirty, Ifrit whore!" Her body shuddered as she spoke, finding delight in submitting to him. "Please, Master, Take your pleasure in me."

He ripped his thumb out of her ass and pulled his cock back. Panic flooded her. Did she do something wrong? She let out almost a whining moan, wanting her Master to just ravish her, to plunge his cock over and over—

His cock shoved into her ass.

She let out a low moan, his lubed shaft plunging all the way into her bowels. He was taking her the way he wanted, not hers. She shuddered, his cock igniting an inferno through her body. He drew back and shoved back in, every inch of his cock building the fire to even more intense heat, melting her.

"Fuck me, Master!" Zaritha gasped. "Oh, yes! Fuck my ass!"

Aaliyah appeared before her, naked and flushed, her eyes sparkling. "You are submitting fully," she purred, stroking Zaritha's cheek.

"I am," the Ifrit moaned, her cheek burning where her Sultana touched her. "He's my Sultan."

Aaliyah smiled, then leaned and kissed Zaritha, thrusting her tongue into the Ifrit's mouth.

Kyle's thrust grew harder, his balls slapping into her taint. Zaritha pushed her hips back, gasping into the Jann's lips as she loved her Master's cock reaming her ass. The pleasure swelled inside her, sparks flying inside her.

Then the fires erupted.

Her pussy clenched and her ass writhed about Kyle's cock. She broke her kiss with Aaliyah, throwing back her head, her back arching, and cried out her cries into the night sky, fire dancing about her skin.

"Fuck, she's hot," groaned Kyle.

Aaliyah crawled past her, pressing her naked body against Kyle's frame. "Is this slut pleasing you, my love?"

"So much," he grunted. "She's on fire. Listen to the slut cum!"

"I am, Master! You made me cum so hard!"

Her orgasm dwindled, but the pleasure kept roaring through her, Kyle's cock still reaming her tight ass. Kyle grunted, his thrusts wild and frantic, full of his strength. His hands seized her hips, pulling her back, burying his cock deep into his bowels.

"Cum in the slut!" moaned Aaliyah.

"Dirty Ifrit!" grunted Kyle and then his cum flooded in her. Zaritha smiled, another, smaller orgasm tumbling through her. Submitting to Kyle wasn't a bad life. And it was far more pleasurable than submitting to Rashid.

Kyle woke up with Aaliyah in his arms, Fatima pressed into his back. Christy was on the other side of Aaliyah, her arms wrapped around the Genie, holding her almost as tight as Kyle did. Fumi was cuddling up to Christy's back, her black hair spread across Christy's shoulders.

It was the first time he had slept with all four of his wives together on the comfortable bower that Aaliyah had conjured as the orgy petered out last night. His concubines were cuddled in twos and threes on their own bowers, looking so beautiful in the gray, predawn light. Around the edges of the oasis were Aaliyah's homunculi, giants made of the desert.

His cock was hard with the need to piss, so he stood up, looking around for a concubine. He walked over to the nearest bed, stepping carefully to not wake up his wives, and shook Toni. His cheerleader concubine rolled over, her auburn hair spilling across the mattress.

"Master," she murmured, her eyes falling on his cock. "Do you need to pee?"

He grinned at her as she sat up and submitted to him. He relaxed his bladder, flooding her mouth, groaning as he relieved himself. There was something so powerful about a woman that is so submissive that she would let him piss in her mouth. She swallowed, her green eyes shining up at him.

"We need to talk, Kyle," Britney said, walking up, unfazed that he was pissing in a woman's mouth.

"About?"

"What do we do now? Our goal was to rescue Aaliyah and that is accomplished. Are we going to take on the Marid's and make you the Sultan?"

"Yes," Kyle nodded, looking around at his sleeping women. "We are going to conquer the Marids. This Rashid will never stop hunting Aaliyah down. He will never let us return to our world unmolested." Kyle grimaced. "Not that there's anything for us to return."

"It'll get better," Toni whispered, lifting her lips from his cock. "Slowly the hole your mother's death left in you will fill up. Focus on your wives, use their love to fill the void."

"And not yours?" Kyle asked and her freckled face blushed.

"And use your concubines' love, too, Master," she smiled.

"Then what shall our next step be?" Britney asked.

"We are a day's walk from Khoshilat Maqandeli, my father's court. I was sent to make alliance with the Mortal that would save my people." Aaliyah stood up, brushing her dark hair from her lovely face. "The Jann will support you, and we can figure out our next step from there."

Kyle smiled. "I guess it's time to meet your family, Aaliyah."

"My father, Sheikh Umar ibn al-Jann, will be so happy to see you," Aaliyah smiled, slipping her arm around Kyle. She wrapped her hands in Toni's auburn hair and guided the concubine's lips to her pussy. Kyle's cock stirred as she flooded Toni's lips with piss, the concubine submitting to his wife just as readily as she submitted to him.

Aaliyah conjured breakfast and clothing to wear for the trip across the desert. Everyone wrapped themselves in black linens, turbans around their heads. Aaliyah looked like a Sultana wrapped in her gold-trimmed robes, and she conjured equally fine robes for Fatima, Christy, and Fumi, their robes trimmed in red, brown, and green.

Aaliyah pointed the direction to go, her homunculi tromping along beside them. Britney took point, then the concubines ringed around Kyle, his wives, and the two other witches. The heat grew as they marched across the sands, sweat beading Kyle's forehead. Zaritha flashed ahead, whirling across the sky as a column of fire, scouting for danger.

"It is so wonderful to be home," Aaliyah purred, her feet stepping light across the sand, somehow not sinking in like Kyle's boots did. She almost seemed to dance as she walked. She took in a deep breath. "That wonderful scent of dry sand. No moisture to clump everything into nasty dirt."

"You don't like the water, do you?" Kyle grinned.

"Oh, water can have it's moments," she smiled. "But I am of the Earth, and Earth and Water can be as bitter enemies as Earth and Air."

"What about Fire?"

"Before the Ifrit betrayed the Hidden People and threw their lot in with the Marid, my people and and Zaritha's were fast friends."

They had to break every hour. While the concubines had been enhanced by Christy's spell, and Aaliyah and Britney seemed unfazed, the others were not so fortunate. Kyle roasted, even in the cooling robes, and Fumi seemed to wilt like a flower.

"I'm a creature of winter," she moaned, taking a long drink from a canteen Aaliyah had conjured. "Not of this dry desert."

"Yeah," Kyle agreed. "I grew up in rainy Washington. I don't think I've ever felt air this dry before." His lips seemed to parch the moment he put down the canteen, the air leaching the moisture out of him. "Do you need a longer break?"

She shook her head. "I have enough of your cum in me to last me the day." Her grin grew sly. "But tonight, I must insist you perform your husbandly duties and fuck me hard."

He stroked her face. "Gladly."

The desert had no features. Only endless dunes of sand, mirages dancing at their peaks. And then, past midday, they crested a dune and witnessed a city rising out of the sand. Slender, white minarets seemed to waiver and dance in the heat above rippling, white walls.

"Khoshilat Maqandeli," Aaliyah smiled. "As beautiful as I remember."

The sight of the city buoyed everyone spirits. They walked faster, eager to reach shelter. In the skies above, whirling sand flew, Jann flitting about them. Aaliyah nodded up at them, her back straightening, her walk and bearing becoming regal. Kyle emulated her, placing his hand upon Earthbones hanging from a belt at his side. The concubines began to strut and even Fumi marched with a more grace then she had possessed all afternoon, no longer wilted by the pounding sun.

"Make us clean," Christy whispered. "We need to look impressive."

"Right," Aaliyah nodded, and the dust vanished from all their clothing as they neared the edge of the city. It was built right upon the sand, a sharp line delineating the alabaster buildings and paved streets from the desert.

Jann flashed down from the sky, the whirling dust taking on their human forms. They looked like Aaliyah, dusky skin, black hair, their eyes dark brown or yellow. They bowed, calling out in Arabic, their words rolling across Kyle's ears.

"What are they saying?" Kyle whispered.

Aaliyah started, then blinked. "Make a wish to understand them," she responded. "This is your home, you need to speak to them."

Kyle did, and suddenly he heard the cries of "Savior," and "the Sultan." He smiled, looking out at these people. They had been waiting for him to drive back the Marid's tyranny. From a distance, the Alabaster buildings had looked pristine and majestic, but up close he could see the cracks in the facade, the disrepair slowly consuming the Jann.

They walked down the main road through the city to the palace, the domes covered in shining gold. Standing at the gates were homunculi, like the ones Aaliyah had conjured, but these gripped fearsome spears. They seemed more solid than the ones his wife had created, made of dust compressed so hard it may as well be rock now.

Aaliyah trembled as they swept in, the homunculi pushing open the wooden doors before them. It was cool in the palace, the hallway did not have walls, only columns, and looked out on small gardens of verdant plants and flowers. Beautiful women lounged in these gardens, wearing gauzy, yellow silk. Aaliyah had been dressed similarly when she had appeared out of her lamp weeks ago.

"Those aren't my father's wives and concubines," she whispered, concern in her voice.

"It's been a thousand years. He's probably found some more," Kyle shrugged.

"Maybe. But where is Hani'ah, Basinah, and Rahiq? What has happened since I was away?"

"I'm sure we'll find out," Kyle nodded as another, more ornately carved door, loomed ahead. Another pair of powerful homunculi guarded this door. Their broad hands reached out, pushing it open onto the court of the Jann.

The floor was made of polished stone that reflected the vaulted ceiling above like a mirror. Columns spread out in two rows down the throne, studded with yellow stones. Richly dressed Jann, all male, stood in fine robes of golden silk, their beards white and oiled. A throne of Tourmaline set at the far end upon a dais. A younger Jann sat upon it, his body lean and muscular, his chest bare, and a golden turban wrapped about his head.

"Who comes before the court of Sihab ibn al-Jann?" a muscular, dark-skinned Jann beside the throne bellowed.

"Kyle Unmei," Kyle announced, projecting his voice with confidence. He could not show any weakness if these Jann were going to follow him He had to be a leader. Like Dad. "And his wives and concubines."

"Where is our father?" Aaliyah called out. "Why do you sit on his throne, Brother?"

A ripple passed through the room and Aaliyah flushed, looking down. She had grown used to being in America where women spoke their minds.

"Your tongue is as bold as ever, dear sister," Sihab announced, rising from his throne.

"My apologies, Brother," Aaliyah muttered. "I forgot my place."

Sahib's turned to Kyle, eyeing him up, his youthful face growing hard. "You are a thousand years late."

Kyle shrugged. "I'm here now."

"He is the one," an old, wizened Jann woman croaked. "He is the one I saw in the frankincense. And he has his consorts and companion. Six shall be one, the Marid defeated." She cackled at Sihab. "Just like I told you and your foolish father."

Aaliyah's face was pale, her body trembling.

"What happened to Umar ibn al-Jann?" Kyle asked.

Sihab swallowed, his eyes hardening as they fell on Aaliyah. "Our father is gone, dear sister. Dead. He sought to contend with Rashid and lost."

"He never had a chance," the crone continued.

Kyle frowned, wondering why this woman spoke and was respected when the Jann clearly did not allow women to voice their opinion. Was it hypocrisy? Or did this woman have that strong of a personality? Every Jann nobleman she cast her gaze on flinched and looked away.

"I told him when he set out on his folly that his daughter would one day emerge. But he lost hope as the centuries piled on."

Aaliyah back went rigid, her eyes watering, but she kept her regal poise. Kyle wanted to hug her and grieve with her. The loss of his mother welled up inside him, but he had to be strong, to become as hard as the mountains if he was going to defeat the Marid.

"Sihab ibn al-Jann, will you swear fealty to the rightful Sultan?" Kyle asked, his voice booming. "I have married your sister and come to fulfill the agreement."

"Do you think you can really defeat Rashid?" Fear tinged the Sheikh's voice.

"Yes." Kyle fixed him with a hard stare. "I have the strength of the mountains at my side." He touched the hilt of Earthbones. "We shall defeat the Marid's with or without your help."

"Kneel to him," the crone cackled. "Do not make your father's mistake."

Sihab slipped from his throne and fell to his knees. "You have my pledge of support. I honor the agreement of my father. The Jann shall be at your back, Sultan."

Khiana stroked his white beard stained with rust as he walked through the midnight streets of Khoshilat Maqandeli. The Unbound Jann brimmed with twisted disgust as he walked through the fading glory of the city. He had not stepped foot in its alabaster majesty since his disastrous attempt to defeat Rashid.

He had gambled all and failed.

But being unbound freed him. He was no longer shackled by the chains of custom and duty that had once held him firm and strong. He could do what he wanted, go where whim took him, and indulge whichever vices he pleased.

And with the reward Rashid promised, he could indulge in vices for the next thousand years.

"Do you think your plan will work?" Aljihm asked, fire glowing through the cracks of his blackened body.

Khiana smiled at the Unbound Ifrit. "Aalizunah and Jowdah have all ready been felled by this mortal and his women. He must have seen through Aalizunah's whorish act and Jowdah was always too stupid to try anything subtle."

"But will the Jann obey you?" Aljihm asked.

"Of course they will," he grinned. "They are a cowed people. Rashid stamped all the fight out of them. They don't even care for the city anymore." He spat in disgust. "Only Sihab provides them with any backbone."

They reached the west wall of the palace and Khiana opened up the hidden door. A narrow tunnel appeared, barely wide for a man to walk down. Khiana strode down it, the Ifrit following. The rough-carved stone led to the far end of the palace, to the quarters of the Sheikh and his harem. It ended at a simple wall that parted when Khiana touched it.

The wall still recognized who Khiana had once been.

Sihab slept with his favorite concubine, Maymunah. She was pretty, her breasts small and naked. Khiana's cock stirred at the sight of her innocence. He crossed the room, climbing onto the Sihab's bed, the mattress shifting beneath his weight. Khiana kicked the sleeping Sihab's foot.

"What?" the young Jann murmured as he came awake. He looked up, horror in his eyes. "You!"

"Hello, my loving son," Khiana grinned, then his hand shot out, punching through Sihab's chest and squeezing his heart. Sihab gasped and groaned, his body spasming. The concubine awoke, her shriek cut off by Aljihm's black hand. Maymunah's skin crisped as the Ifrit reduced her perfect flesh to ash.

What a waste.

"Please, father," gasped Sihab. "Aaliyah's ... here ... with ... him ... the ... Marid ... can ... be ... defeated..."

"I no longer care about that." Khiana's hand squeezed, crushing his son's heart to dust. It was time to regain his Sheikhdom. It would only cost him the life of one, sniveling, rebellious daughter.
Chapter 30 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 29 |   Bottom
Chapter 30: Betrayal of the Father
Posted: March 04, 2015 - 09:30:59 pm
Updated: April 13, 2015 - 05:01:05 pm

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Friday, January 29th – Khoshilat Maqandeli, the Hidden Realm

"You have to work those hips more," Aaliyah said. "Like this."

Kyle lounged on the soft bed in the spacious quarters Sihab, Aaliyah's brother and the ruler of the Jann, had provided last night. Gauzy, yellow curtains hung from between the arches that separated the rooms from the lush gardens of the harem. Ms. Capello and Shannon were pressed on either side of him, their heavy, milk-laden breasts in easy reach of Kyle's mouth. The other concubines lounged about, giggling and laughing, watching as Aaliyah taught Fatima and Christy how to belly dance.

All three women wore silk pantaloons—yellow for Aaliyah, red for Fatima, and black for Christy. The flesh of their thighs bled through the fabric whenever the loose clothing touched their skin. All three were topless, Christy's amber pendant flashing between her pale tits, and they had colorful shawls draped over their hair and silk veils across their faces, leaving their flashing eyes exposed.

Kyle's cock stirred as Aaliyah's hips swayed, her pantaloons barely hanging on to the curves of her hips. Her breasts swayed and jiggled as her hips popped side-to-side. Fatima tried to copy her, but she had a slimmer body and her hips didn't seem to cooperate.

"That's good, Christy," Aaliyah praised as Christy's hips came close to matching the fluid grace of Aaliyah's movements. Christy's round breasts, topped with pink nipples, bounced about.

"Very good," Kyle leered, his cock throbbing hard.

"Not fair," groused Fatima. "They have hips. I'm as flat as a boy!"

"You're beautiful," Kayleah, Fatima's bleached blonde concubine, praised.

"Ugh, this isn't for me." Fatima glanced at the garden, then shot Kyle a look. "You're not even watching me, big bro."

"Sorry," Kyle said, pulling his eyes from Christy's hips. "It's so interesting to watch them."

Christy shuffled forward, hers hips undulating as she neared the bed. Kyle's eyes drifted back to her, mesmerized by her beauty. Aaliyah stood beside her, the dusky beauty even more graceful. His cock throbbed hard, rising fully erect.

"Someone's excited," purred Fumi. "I can smell it." Fumi lounged on a tasseled pillow in green silks, Toni and Alexina cuddled up to her. She had declined the invitation to learn to belly dance.

"I'm going outside. I can't compete with them," moaned Fatima. "Besides, the sun looks refreshing."

"Didn't you get enough sun yesterday?" Fumi groaned.

"Nope! And I'm tired of waiting on the Jann," Kyle's sister complained. "We've been up for an hour. Shouldn't they have summoned us?"

Kyle groaned as Shannon's hand found his cock, her wet nipple brushing his cheek. He turned his head, his eyes still focused on his dancing wives, and sucked warm milk from her heavy breast into his lips. He loved this addition Christy gave Shannon and Ms. Capello when she enhanced all the concubines. The MILF's milk was sweet, with a faint, melon flavor, and he loved the way it coated his throat when swallowed.

"Ann, Kayleah, let's enjoy the outdoors."

"Yes, Mistress," Ann said, rising up with Kayleah. They, like the other concubines, were swaddled in purple silk vests and pantaloons.

"I'll come along," Fumi said, standing up. I can feel a nice breeze coming from out there."

"Have fun," Kyle called out. Fumi, accompanied by Toni and Alexina, joined Aaliyah and her concubines, slipping through the curtains to enjoy the vast gardens.

"Do you want to join them, Aaliyah?" purred Christy, Aaliyah's dusky hands roaming across Christy's pale flesh.

"I think I'd rather play with you and our husband."

"Good," Christy moaned, her hips swaying faster as Aaliyah pressed into her back. Dusky hands groped Christy's pale breasts, sliding up to pinch her hard nipples, rolling them between dusky fingers. Kyle's cock throbbed.

"He's excited," Ms. Capello purred.

"I can see that," Christy sighed. Aaliyah's hands drifted down Christy's pale stomach, pushing her black pantaloons off her hips, the silk falling down to the floor. Christy gasped as Aaliyah's fingers pressed into the trimmed, brown curls covering her pussy.

"Christy's very excited, my love," Aaliyah laughed, thrusting a pair of fingers into Christy's depths.

"So excited," moaned the witch. Her hips found that graceful sway Aaliyah's possessed as the Genie fingered her pussy. "Oh, yes, Aaliyah!"

Shannon and Ms. Capello's hands stroked Kyle's cock, sliding up his shaft, teasing him with their fingers. Both concubines pressed their wet pussies into his hips, humping him, sighing in pleasure. Milk leaked from their nipples and Kyle sucked from both, savoring the slightly different flavors.

"Keep stirring me up," Christy moaned. "Oh, Aaliyah! Your touch is wonderful."

"Our husband is watching," Aaliyah moaned, her lips pressing into Christy's ear. "Cum for him. Show him how beautiful you are."

"Oh, yes!" she groaned. "I'm so beautiful. Make me cum!"

Christy bucked in Aaliyah's arms, her pale breasts jiggling. The shawl and veil slipped from her head as she thrashed. Bliss burned in her expression. Her body flushed as she cried out her orgasm. Kyle groaned, loving the sight of her.

"Now please our husband," Aaliyah told her, pulling her fingers out.

Christy stumbled forward, falling onto her knees on the bed. Her curly, brown hair spilled around her breasts as she crawled forward to Kyle, a hungry gleam in her hazel eyes. Her hard nipples brushed his chest, her hair caressed him like silk, and then her lips were on his. He moaned into her kiss, sharing Shannon and Ms. Capello's milk with her.

"Delicious," she purred, leaning back and rising up on her legs. The concubines guided Kyle's cock to the folds of her pussy, finding her hot hole. She sank down on him, her hot flesh engulfing him. Kyle groaned, her hips twisting, performing her belly dance again, stirring pleasure through him.

"Fuck, Christy."

"Do you like my hot, tight pussy on your dick," she groaned, rising up ever so slow, her hips swirling about. And then she lowered herself down his shaft.

Kyle shuddered as her flesh slowly engulfed him again. "Yes! Always."

The concubines humped against him faster, gasping and groaning, their pussies growing hotter on his hips as Christy rode him. Her breasts jiggled and bounced, perky with her youth. She sighed every time she bottomed out on him, grinding her little clit into her dark pubic hair.

"She is gorgeous," Aaliyah purred, pressing up behind Christy, wrapping her dusky arms around the pale woman.

"She's perfect," Kyle groaned. "All of you are."

"Thank you," Christy purred.

"That's sweet, Master," moaned Shannon in his ear.

"She is an angel," sighed Ms. Capello.

Aaliyah licked and sucked at Christy's neck as the witch rode Kyle. He loved the sight of those dusky hands roaming across her body. Kyle groaned, the pleasure growing at the tip of his cock, his hips thrusting up, harder into her wonderful sheathe.

"That's it! Ride me harder, Christy! Give it to me!"

Christy moaned, her hips moving faster. She licked her lips, shuddering as Aaliyah's fingers pinched and rolled her nipples. Her pussy tightened on Kyle's cock, squeezing him when she rose up, trying to draw his cum out.

"Fuck, Christy! You're amazing."

"So are you! Cum in me! Give me your seed!" Her eyes looked down at him. "I haven't taken my birth control in a week. Make a baby in me!"

Kyle groaned, picturing her stomach round and pregnant. His cock twitched and his pleasure exploded out of him. He groaned, pressing back into the pillows, pulling both concubines tight against him as he sent pulse after pulse of his fecund cum into her pussy.

"Kyle! That's it! Knock me up!" Christy shuddered. Her pussy convulsed about his cock. She arched back into Aaliyah's embrace as she came.

"So beautiful," moaned the Genie. "Accept our husband's seed."

"I am!" she moaned.

"Knock her up, Master!" gasped Shannon. "Put a baby in all our bellies!" Her pussy ground hard into his groin, and she shuddered and gasped as she came.

Christy collapsed onto Kyle's chest, her small breasts brushing him. He kissed her, pulling his arms from his concubines to hold his wife. Shannon sprawled out next to him, panting hard while Aaliyah and Ms. Capello writhed together, tribbing their pussies, both women eager to cum as well.

"That was a beautiful dance," Kyle whispered in Christy's ear. "Thanks for sharing it."

"You forgave me," she whispered back. "I'll do anything for you. I love you, Kyle."

He stroked up her back and she shivered. "I've loved you since the day I laid eyes on you."

Aaliyah cried out her climax next to them, and Ms. Capello moaned like a banshee, shaking the bed as she thrashed in bliss. Christy giggled, watching the women cum. Kyle closed his eyes, enjoying the blissful afterglow, and held onto his wife.

"Are they ever going to come and summon us for the war council?" Britney asked, stepping in from a side room.

"Why don't you go and find out what is taking so long," Kyle groaned. "Sihab did say he wanted an early meeting."

"My brother was quite slothful," laughed Aaliyah.

"Still, the day is wearing on," Britney pointed out.

Chyna stepped into the room. "Sihab's Vizier and Chief Eunuch are here, Master. They request an audience."

"Aaliyah, I wish we were all presentable."

Kyle found himself wearing white, silken pantaloons and an open vest. Unlike the women's clothing, his silks weren't thin and sheer. He stood up, Aaliyah and Christy standing on either side of them, fully clothed in yellow and black silks, their shawls and veils in place. They did look so sexy dressed like that.

Two Jann entered. Sayid the Vizier was bent with age, his hair and beard white as snow. Yellow robes draped his bony body, though his eyes were piercing as a hawk. The Chief Eunuch was his opposite, a muscular brute, wearing only pantaloons, his dark-brown body oiled.

"Aaliyah, your brother requests a private meeting before the war counsel," the Chief Eunuch announced.

"About what?" Kyle asked.

"That is between her and her brother."

"I would love to talk to my sweet brother," Aaliyah smiled.

The Eunuch nodded.

"Take Carla, Missy, and Teleisia," Kyle ordered her.

"Nothing will happen in my brother's palace," she whispered. Kyle gave her a look, and she smiled, nodding her head. "I will be accompanied by my handmaidens," Aaliyah told the hulking eunuch.

"Your brother said alone."

Aaliyah tilted her head. "It would be improper for a Sultana to go anywhere without her handmaidens."

The Chief Eunuch frowned before sighing and nodding his head.

"And you're here to take me to the war counsel?" Kyle asked the Vizier.

"I am, worthy master," he said, giving a bow. "Though you should leave your women behind. This is a matter for men."

"I never go anywhere without at least one beautiful woman at my side," Kyle grinned. "And Britney is my chief adviser, so she will need to be with me."

"But she is a woman."

Britney let out a growl at the contempt in the old man's voice. She pushed down the blue pantaloons she wore, exposing her cock. "Does this get me in?"

The old man blinked. "Er, I guess it does."

Britney nodded. "Ms. Capello, Shannon, and Chyna will come along. Kyle does need constant feminine companionship or he's no use at all."

"They will have to wait outside the chambers. Unless they have..." The Vizier's eyes fell on Britney's cock, the old man swallowing.

"Fine," Kyle sighed. How long will it take to convince the Genies that women could contribute as much as men?

"Zaritha will come as well. She knows the working of Rashid's court better than anyone." Kyle fixed the Vizier with a steady gaze. "So she will join us in the counsel." His voice was hard. Kyle knew he would have to shape the Genie slowly, allow them to accept his changes gradually, but he needed Zaritha's input. Kyle fixed his eyes on the Vizier, dominating the man like he would a submissive woman, forcing the old man to concede.

The Vizier bent before his strength. "Very well. Follow me."

Kyle's group followed the Vizier, turning right as Aaliyah followed the Chief Eunuch deeper into the apartments, the three concubines trailing after her. Aaliyah would be safe. Those three were far more deadly than they appeared.

Besides, nothing will happen here. This is Aaliyah's home. And the Jann have already pledged to support me against the Marid. But he had almost lost her twice. He was never going to let her go anywhere without guards if he wasn't with her. They had too many enemies now.

The halls of the Jann's palace were made of polished, brown stones of various hues. Their slippered feet swished down the hall. Kyle wasn't a fan of the slippers, but he was trying to fit in and adopted the Genie's garb. If he was going to rule them, he needed to appear like them, to make the transition easier to accept.

It was Britney's advice.

She stalked next to him, her dagger tucked into the waistband of her pantaloons. Britney's body moved with her predatory grace. Zaritha strode at his other side, the Ifrit wrapped in red silks, her hips undulating with her own, deadly grace.

The war room was built of sapphire crystal, standing at odds with the brown stone hallway. Sapphire blocked the Genie's telepathy and scrying powers. It would be private in there. No communication in and out. Flanking the entrance were a pair of the homunculi made of compressed dust, guarding the door, each holding a wicked-looking polearm. Kyle thought it might be some type of halberd, with the ax-like blade.

The doors opened and the vizier bowed, holding his arms out to his side and ushering Kyle to enter. "Stay out of trouble," Kyle grinned at his three concubines. "I'll try to convince them to let you in."

"We'll be fine, Master," Ms. Capello smiled, her eyes flashing above her purple veil.

Kyle stepped in, followed by Britney and Zaritha. A long, wooden table set in the middle, pillows strewn about it. Maps of the Hidden Realm were unfurled upon it between plates of dates and other delicacies Kyle didn't recognize. Lanterns burning fragrant oil lit the sapphire room. Four more homunculi stood in the four corners of the room as still as statues.

"Where is everyone?" Kyle asked, turning to the Vizier.

The doors closed with a boom. The Vizier didn't follow them into the room.

Britney hissed and ripped out her dagger, her face striped with black. "There is a male Ifrit in here! He stinks of sulfur."

Fire blossomed and a blackened figure appeared at the far end of the room as the homunculi came to life. Kyle summoned his sword as Zaritha burst into flames.

"Aljihm," Zaritha groaned.

"Fuck," Kyle muttered. One of Rashid's Unbound was here. His wives were in danger, and he couldn't communicate with Aaliyah through the sapphire.

We walked right into it! Kyle's sword flashed into his hand. He shouted, and leaped to attack.

"It's so beautiful here," Fatima gushed as she tramped through the garden, her breasts naked and warm in the sunlight. "Take off those tops," she commanded her two concubines. "Let's enjoy this place thoroughly.

"You're in a great mood," Ann smiled, slipping off the silk vest she wore to expose her budding, pale breasts. Her nipples hardened beneath Fatima's hungry gaze.

"Look at these flowers, Mistress," Kayleah smiled, her breasts swaying as she leaned over to pluck a flower from the ground and brought it up to her nose, taking a slow inhale. "Delightful."

Fatima walked up and took the flower, tucking it behind Kayleah's ear. She stroked her concubine's bleached blonde hair, leaning in to kiss her sweet lips. Kayleah moaned into the kiss, her tongue brushing Fatima's lips. Naked breasts pressed together as Fatima's ardor grew, her pussy itching in her red pantaloons.

They sank to the soft ground, spreading out on the springy, green ground cover sprinkled with small, lavender flowers. Fatima broke the kiss, her pussy itching. "Where's your sex toy?"

Kayleah held out her hand and summoned the item that controlled her transformations. Each of the concubines had selected a sexy toy to be the focus of the enhancement spell. Kyle could trigger them to transform into powerful and sexy warriors, or they could trigger their own transformation with their sex toy.

A red, double ended dildo appeared in Kayleah's hand.

"Stick it in my pussy. I'm going to fuck you so hard," Fatima ordered.

Kayleah giggled in delight, reaching down to push Fatima's red pantaloons off her hips and ass, bringing the dildo down between their thighs. Fatima gasped and shivered as the sex toy penetrated her. She glanced over at Ann sitting on her knees, weaving flowers together.

"What are you doing?" Fatima moaned.

"Making you a crown," she smiled, her budding breasts giggling as she wove red, blue, purple, and white flower stems together. "You're a queen."

"Sultana!" Fatima groaned, pushing the other end of the dildo into Kayleah's pussy, shifting her body around and scissoring their legs together. The dildo drove deeper into her as she humped against Kayleah, working both ends in and out of each of their pussies.

"Fuck me, Sultana!" gasped Kayleah. "Oh, yes! That's it! I'm your fuck toy! Use me!"

"I love to," gasped Fatima, her eyes fixated on her innocent concubine weaving a crown of flowers. "Take it! Take every inch of it, whore!"

"Yes, yes, yes!" Kayleah moaned. "My Sultana! Oh, yes! Give it to me!"

Their passionate cries flooded the pleasure garden, echoing through the shady bowers. Fatima shuddered, her pussy burning with pleasure. There were delightful ridges on the dildo teasing her flesh and driving her wild with rapture.

"Done," Ann smiled, crawling over. She draped the crown on Fatima's head, then leaned down to kiss her writhing Mistress.

Fatima loved her sweet, submissive concubines, moaning into Ann's lips. The strawberry-blonde girl kissed down Fatima's heaving body, finding her dark nipples, and sucked. Fatima groaned, more pleasure flooding her body. She stroked Ann's face as the girl nursed at her nipple. The sweet teen's hand slid down Fatima's dusky body and found her aching clit.

"Ann!" Fatima gasped as she bucked, the pleasure swelling through her. "You wonderful, delightful slut!"

Ann's delicate fingers strumming her clit sent pleasure shooting straight to the bliss growing in her pussy. Fatima's body spasmed.

She came hard.

She writhed on the soft ground cover, holding Ann's lips to her nipple, stroking her strawberry-blonde hair as every nerve in her body rejoiced. Then she fell back, panting hard, staring up at the perfect, blue sky and loving the sun's warmth on her naked flesh.

Kayleah still humped away, stirring the dildo inside her flesh, waves of pleasure rolling through her body. "Sultana!" groaned Kayleah, her voice sweet and beautiful. "I'm cumming! Thank you, thank you."

"I think she screamed loud enough for the entire palace to hear," Ann smiled, resting her face on Fatima's breast, smiling at her.

"Hmm, you may be right," Fatima grinned. "You're such a dirty whore, Kayleah."

"Your dirty whore." Kayleah crawled up beside Fatima, kissing her cheek. "Yours and Kyle's."

"And Lois," giggled Ann.

"Well, all the concubines are her dirty sluts."

Fatima frowned. "What?" She had noticed the Native American concubine seemed more assertive than Kyle's other concubines, but she hadn't given it much thought. So much had changed while she had been in the coma.

"Master made a deal with her," Kayleah explained. "She agreed to be his concubine in exchange to dominating any of us he wanted."

Ann nodded her head. "She loves making a woman eat her pussy. She's like you, Mistress."

"But she has to submit to me," Fatima declared. "I'm better than her."

"Of course," nodded Kayleah. "She knows her place."

"Kyle is a stud." Fatima smiled, proud that her brother had made a strong, lesbian Domme into one of his concubines.

Ann yawned. "I could just sleep out here. It's so relaxing."

Fatima nodded, letting her eyes close. She enjoyed the feel of her two concubines bodies pressed against her. Sleep stole over Fatima. The young teen smiled as she drifted off into a delicious catnap cuddled up with her two favorite sluts.

A shadow fell across her, blocking the wonderful sun.

She opened her eyes.

A homunculi stood over her raising a thick, two handed sword, curved like a scimitar.

"Oh, fuck!" Fatima shouted.

Fumi let Fatima and her concubines wander deeper into the garden, pausing at a pond and a fountain. The water splashed and the breeze was cool in the shade of some great tree. She sat down by the water, wondering if there were any fish in there. The wind blew, painting the landscape in green, but the water seemed as solid as everything else.

"Oh, what pretty flowers," Alexina called out.

Alexina bent over, plucking a flower. It looked pretty, resembling some sort of daisy, but it was the same shade of green as everything else Fumi saw. "What color is it?"

The concubine made a sad sigh. "I'm sorry. I forgot you can't really see."

"It's okay. I have Kyle." But I do miss seeing color. "Please, describe it to me."

"Okay." Alexina sat beside her, holding the flower in her hand. "The petals start out this deep orange, but they fade into a vibrant yellow at the tips. And the center is a bright, sun-kissed yellow."

Fumi smiled, picturing the colors in her mind, leaning her head on the concubine's shoulder. "Are there any fish in this pond?"

"There are," Toni said, leaning over the edge, her hair long, falling down to touch the rippling surface. Fumi couldn't remember what color Toni's hair actually was. "They're red and white, some type off carp, I think. They're lazily swimming around."

"You can't see in the water, even with your windsight?" Alexina asked, then groaned. "Windsight. Right. I'm stupid."

"Don't worry about it," Fumi said, then she leaned down and sniffed the flower. "It smells beautiful. At least I have that."

"Small blessings," Toni said, her feet dipping into the water. To her windsight, Toni's feet merged with the rippling surface.

Fumi breathed in all the scents of the garden, picturing all the flowers in her mind that must have produced the perfume she smelled. They were pink and lavender and blue and yellow in her mind. Blushing reds, vibrant oranges, delicate lilacs. Birds sang in the trees, and she wondered if their plumage was beautiful as their songs.

A faint woman's scream drifted on the breeze.

She stiffened. "Did you hear someone shout?"

"No, Mistress," Toni said, kicking her feet through the water and giggling. "One of the fish nibbled on my toe."

The scent of dust hit her nose. A new wind whipped through, swirling about, thick with dust. It formed into one of the Jann homunculi on the other side of the pond, a thick sword gripped in its hand. Alexina stiffened next to her.

"Mistress!" Toni gasped, leaping to her feet.

Fumi transformed Windfeather from a pair of glasses adorning her face to her yumi, rising up with grace as another two homunculi whirled in around them. "Prepare to fight!" she shouted, drawing back her bow and releasing an arrow."

Aaliyah smiled as she stepped into her brother's apartments. The three concubines—Teleisia, Carla, and Missy—on her heels. The room was richly appointed with tasseled pillows and intricately woven carpets. A small table made of polished ebony sat in the center, a vase of yellow flowers sitting in the middle.

She gracefully sat down on of the pillows. "You may tell my brother I'm ready."

"He wishes to see you in his private chambers."

Aaliyah blinked. "What? That hardly seems proper."

"The room is protected from eavesdropping and scrying," the Eunuch smiled. "He is waiting for you."

"Okay." Aaliyah rose back up, motioning for the concubines to follow her.

"It is a private matter," the Eunuch said.

"They're very trustworthy. Right?"

"Absolutely," Missy nodded. "We're her family."

Aaliyah walked to the door leading to her brother's private chamber. It used to be her father's. She remembered sneaking in as a child and bouncing on his bed. She pushed back the grief of her father's passing and entered the door.

It was dark. "Sihab?" she asked.

"Aaliyah," a powerful voice boomed.

She froze. "Father?"

A Jann stood in the room, stroking his beard. "My errant daughter."

For a moment, disbelief robbed Aaliyah of action. She thought her father was dead, had come to accept that terrible fact in her heart. But here he was. Alive. No wonder Sihab wanted to see her in private.

She let out a squeal of delight, racing to hug her father, burying her face into his beard. He didn't smell of unguents and spice like her father had when she was a child, but of dirt and blood. She pulled her face away, looking up into his eyes.

"What has happened to you, father? Sihab said you were dead."

"Mistress!" Teleisia gave a shout as her father snapped a collar around her neck, cool to her touch. "Get away from him."

"He's my father," Aaliyah said, reaching up to touch the collar about her neck. "What is this?"

"A gift. Diamond to keep you in place." His voice growled, full of dark menace. His hands squeezed about her throat, choking off her air. Aaliyah didn't understand what was happening. Why would Father harm me?

Teleisia's hand yanked her back from her father's grip, and Missy and Carla stepped forward. All three concubines had activated their enhancements, moving with inhumane grace. Mindy's black hair, cut short around her neck, swayed as she fell into a battle stance, and Carla pushed her dark-red hair off her shoulders, glowering at Aaliyah's father.

"What is going on, Father?" She didn't understand, her fingers trying to pry at the diamond collar, but she couldn't find a clap. Diamond would prevent her from teleporting or transforming into dust. Why would Father do that? "I don't understand, Father."

"You always were a stupid slut," her father hissed, swelling up. His beard was filthy, the once white stained mud-red.

"Look at the bed, "Teleisia hissed. "We need to flee. Your brother is dead."

Aaliyah glanced at the dark bed. Two corpses lay on it. Her brother and the charred remains of one of his concubines.

"Your handmaidens are lovely," her father purred. "I am going to enjoy them greatly after I kill you."

Mindy and Carla lunged forward, moving with inhuman speed. "Get Mistress out of here, Teleisia!" screamed Carla, her foot lashing out at the Jann.

"Father, what has happened to you?" Aaliyah cried, tears leaking down her cheeks as Teleisia pulled her to the door.

"I am Unbound, daughter," he laughed, catching Carla's foot and throwing the concubine back. She landed on her feet like cat. A cloud of dust slammed into Mindy, throwing the former nurse back. "All because of you!" His voice growled. "You had to fail me! You had to become lost! I put all my hopes on you! What a disappointment you are!"

What crime did my father commit? What Law of Creation did he violate to become Unbound?

Teleisia kicked the door open, throwing Aaliyah out of the room as the concubines attacked her father. "We need to get to Master!" the Black concubine screamed.

The Chief Eunuch blinked in surprise at the sight of them. Teleisia's fist slammed into his brawny chest. He crumpled, felled by the slim, Black woman. Aaliyah blinked, realizing just how enhanced the concubines were.

"You can't run from me!" boomed her insane father. Mindy screamed in the room. "I will rip this palace apart and kill you. You have caused me so much pain! I will rip you limb from limb, my disobedient daughter! Then, with your blood dripping from my hand, I will enjoy every cunt in your husband's harem."

Tears streaming down her eyes, Aaliyah ran down the hallway, Teleisia at her side. She had to get to Kyle.

"I think this mirror will work for scrying," Sable said, walking naked up to Christy.

Christy smiled at her enemy-turned-concubine, stroking the woman's spray-tan orange cheek. The fake tan was fading, and Christy was glad. Sable must have been the only person in the world to think that a spray-tan was attractive.

Well, her and those idiots on the Jersey Shore.

"It should work," Phillipa agreed, toying with her jade amulet. She was clothed and wouldn't be joining in the ritual. Rakshasas took their marriages seriously. Phillipa would never dream of making love with anyone but her Rakshasa mate. Christy wondered if there wasn't some level of mental domination involved in their relationship. Maybe Rakshasa imprint on their mates in someway?

Lois watched on with curiosity. "So, scrying means you're going to see the future."

"No," laughed Sable. "It's seeing the now. I'll be the vessel and Christy will cast the spell. With this mirror, you three will be able to see what I see."

"Ah," Lois nodded.

"You can help," Christy smiled. "We need to make Sable cum as part of the spell."

A grin split the cinnamon face of the Native American concubine. "You know how much I love making a woman cum."

"Good, that's the spirit. Let's see if we can't find some information out on the Marid's. Just because these Neanderthal Jann think we can't contribute because we're dainty women, doesn't mean we should sit on our butts and do nothing."

Lois agreed, crossing over, pressing up against Sable's back, kissing her neck.

Christy took a deep breath. "Ishtar—"

The door to the bedroom exploded inward, spraying splinters across the room.

Lois changed. Christy felt the magic empowering the concubine. Lois leaped over Sable and Christy, landing light behind them. Christy turned. A hulking homunculi stepped through the ruined door, swinging a massive, thick sword down at Lois.

The concubine caught it like a ninja in some cheesy movie. Her reflex and strength were greatly augmented. The homunculi lashed out with a foot, catching Lois in the stomach. She tumbled back, gasping in pain as she rolled into a crouch.

Christy didn't understand why their allies were attacking them. She stood up, Sable and Phillipa standing around her, forming a triangle as more of the homunculi burst into the room. Christy's heart hammered, but this wasn't her first fight, and she was hardly helpless.

"Sable, you conjure the shield."

"Ishtar, defend your servants from their enemies with your protective geas," she chanted. Christy had insisted that she switch to the service of Ishtar after Sable had been inadvertently dominated by the love elemental and transformed into Christy's devoted sex slave.

A sword made of dust slashed down and struck the shield, energy warping around them. A second and a third blow hammered at the shield while Lois danced outside, dodging attack after attack, dancing about the room.

"Phillipa, we need to disrupt the magic animating them," Christy said. "Ideas?"

"They must simply be dust animated by a spirit. We need to sever the spirit's control over the physical object. So we need to ground them."

"How do we ground the spirit out then?"

"A magic circle. I don't know another way."

Neither did Christy.

Another blow hammered Sable's shield. It was hard to stand there and not run in terror as the towering homunculi attacked. Christy tried to concentrate on the problem. They needed a magic circle, but they couldn't leave Sable's protection without getting clobbered. Lois bounced around the room, dodging left and right, trying to find an opening to attack. With her reflexes, it took all her skill to keep from being hit by the homunculi.

There was no way Christy or another witch could survive out there.

Unless I can move about even faster than Lois. An idea popped into her head.

"Phillipa, is there any chalk in your possession?" Christy asked.

"Of course," she nodded, narrowing her slanted eyes. "Why?"

Christy summoned Shadowedge, the staff she retrieved from Burke's dead minion. It coalesced out of shadows into her hand. "I'm going to make the circle. Get ready to power it."

Space folded around her and then she appeared in Britney and Phillipa's room. She dug around in Phillipa's pocket and pulled out a piece of white chalk. She visualized the bedroom, picturing the seven points she would need to mark to make a circle.

She took a deep breath. "I hope this works."

She knelt, ready to make the mark, and folded space.

Everything went black, her body twisted inside out. She appeared, quickly scratching the first mark on the ground. She was behind the homunculi. They hadn't seen her yet. She made the X, visualized the next point, and warped...

... into Lois's path.

The concubine crashed into Christy's back, knocking the witch face forward. Both teens cried out as they tumbled to the ground. Lois was on her feet in a heart beat as Christy scrambled to grab the piece of chalk that had fell from her hands, tumbling across the room. Christy swallowed.

The chalk came to a rest against the foot of a homunculi.

Fire rushed at Kyle as he charged the blackened Ifrit. Raw, red cracks covered the Ifrit's skin, glowing bright before he sent the wave of fire at Kyle. Branding Earthbones, Kyle reached out to the sapphire floor, commanding it to rise up before him and form a wall.

The sapphire refused his commands.

His thoughts seemed to bounce off the stone, reflecting back at him. Fuck. Sapphire blocks every form of mental communication.

Zaritha flashed in front of him, her own fire exploding forward, slamming into Aljihm's attack. Both fires boiled together, but Zaritha's seemed to shield Kyle's from the heat. The table crackled, fire consuming the wood.

"You should never have betrayed Rashid," growled Aljihm. "He is most distraught with you."

"Good!" hissed Zaritha, her flames burning hotter. "His reward for all my years of loyal service was death."

Aljihm let out a mad laugh. "And I shall deliver that reward to you."

"Britney, can you use your water to douse his flames."

"There is no water in this room," she hissed back. "We need to get the door open and retreat to open space."

Smoke billowed from the burning table and cushions, boiling across the top of the room. Kyle coughed, his eyes stinging as he moved to the door. It was solid sapphire. He pushed on it. The door gave an inch before it resisted.

"It's barred from the other side."

"Use your sword. Sapphire is stone. Rip the door apart."

"I can't!" he growled.

Britney ducked down, feeling around the bottom of the door. "This room is air tight, Kyle."

"And?"

"And those fires are consuming all the oxygen in here."

"Fuck," Kyle groaned.

Fire clashed behind them, heat blistering into his back. He glanced at the warring Ifrit, Kyle's eyes almost blinded by the inferno the pair were throwing at each other. The air seared his lungs when he breathed and he coughed hard.

He had to break the door down. He drew up Earthbones for an overhand cut. All the strength of the earth was in his blade. He had the power. He could shatter the sapphire if he could just hit it hard enough. Golden light flared, driving back the smoke billowing around his head.

Letting out a bellow, Kyle slammed his sword down. Metal rang against gemstone.

A crack splintered the door.
Chapter 31 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 30 |   Bottom
Chapter 31: The Strength of the Harem
Posted: March 16, 2015 - 06:28:58 pm
Updated: April 13, 2015 - 05:01:06 pm

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Friday, January 29th – Khoshilat Maqandeli, the Hidden Realm

Fire burned. Smoke choked Kyle, flooding the room. Zaritha and Aljihm's fires raged behind him. The sapphire room roasted. Kyle, Britney, and Zaritha had been lured here for a war summit. But instead of meeting with Sihab's councilors, one of Rashid's minions—an Unbound Ifrit named Aljihm—attacked them. Kyle didn't have time to figure out what was going on. The room filled with smoke. He had to hammer down the sapphire door to escape.

He raised his katana Earthbones up, golden light flaring from the blade, and slammed it down on the door. Another crack splintered across the blue, gemstone surface.

Kyle swayed, his lungs burning from the smoke he inhaled. He pushed down the wave of dizziness sweeping through him. He couldn't succumb to smoke inhalation. Britney crouched near the floor, pressing her shawl to her mouth.

Zaritha shrieked behind him.

Kyle drew up his sword a third time, slamming down. His sword struck the sapphire door. His knees buckled. He swayed, falling to his knees. Everything swam. He needed cool air. He needed to get out of here.

"I ... don't think ... it worked," he coughed to Britney.

Aaliyah ran down the hallways, her slippers slapping on the polished, brown stone. Teleisia ran at her side. Fear hammered in the young Djinn's heart. Her insane father had just tried to kill her. He was Unbound now, serving his enemy Rashid. Mindy and Carla had saved her, throwing themselves at her father to buy her time to escape.

She had to get to Kyle. Aaliyah tried to communicate with him, but he didn't respond. He must be in the counsel room! The counsel room, where Kyle had been summoned, was made of sapphire. No form of Djinn mental telepathy or magical scrying could penetrate sapphire.

Her sides ached from running. She wanted to turn into a whirlwind of dust and zip to Kyle, but her father had slapped a diamond necklace on her. Diamond anchored her. She couldn't assume a new form or teleport if Kyle were to summon her.

All she could do was run.

A woman screamed behind her.

Aaliyah threw a look over her shoulder. Mindy hurtled down the hallway, thrown by a cloud of billowing dust—Aaliyah's father in his whirlwind form. Mindy crashed in a heap on the ground, the concubine rolling. Her body bled from a dozen, small pinpricks, and her skin looked abraded raw in spots. Mindy gained her feet, growling, and charge down the hallway.

"Keep running, Mistress!" she yelled.

Mindy, like all the concubines, had been enhanced by Christy's magic, transformed into a warrior with reflexes, speed, and endurance far beyond a normal human's. Teleisia slid to a halt, turning to charge back at the dust cloud.

"Get to Master!" the ebony concubine shouted. "Hurry, Mistress."

Aaliyah kept running, turning the corner, racing towards the counsel chambers. She only prayed that the concubines could stop her father without getting killed. The sound of whirling dust and women fighting dwindled as she raced through the palace, cutting through open gardens, forcing her body to keep running to reach her husband.

She grew closer, entering into the bowels of the palace. Hope blossomed inside her. She was going to make it to her husband and be delivered from this nightmare. He could stop her father. He had defeated Burke by himself. And Britney would be with him. The Rakshasa was fierce in a fight.

"Watch out!" Ms. Capello shouted ahead. "There's another one coming from behind."

Aaliyah rounded the corner and tried to halt her running. Her slippered feet slid on the smooth stone, slipping out from beneath her. She fell on her backside as Ms. Capello, Shannon, and her daughter Chyna battled three of the massive homunculi that guarded the castle.

Chyna back-flipped out of the way of one of the towering, dust homunculi swinging a ram-do—a massive, two handed sword with a thick blade. Stone cracked where Chyna stood, the blade marring the marble.

"You're not touching my daughter!" bellowed Shannon, charging the homunculi in her purple silks. She kicked the towering automaton in the knee, dust billowing as it cracked. The leg folded and the homunculus leaned over, falling onto the tiles.

Chyna fell on it, punching her fist through the homunculi's chest before the automaton could rise, the construct falling back into dust. Ms. Capello ducked under a second sword strike, punching it in the groin, her fist shattering through surface. Dust leaked out and the homunculi staggered.

"What's going on?" Aaliyah shouted, climbing to her feet as Shannon dispatched the damaged construct.

"They attacked us the moment the doors closed, Mistress," Ms. Capello shouted as mother and daughter attacked the last remaining dust guardian. The teacher turned to the door, seizing the sapphire handle and straining to open it. Her hand jerked back. "That's burning hot. And Master's in there! He was banging on the door."

"He cracked it," Aaliyah gasped, striding forward. "Break it down. I can't communicate through the sapphire."

"Yes, Mistress!" Ms. Capello, her big tits bouncing beneath her purple, silk vest, drew back her fist and slammed it into the door. More cracks appeared. The door seemed weakened by Kyle, and the concubine's strength fractured it more.

"That's hurt," groaned Ms. Capello as she drew back her fist and punched again. She screamed in pain, grasping her wrist as more cracks spider-webbed across it."

"Are you okay?"

"I broke my hand," she gasped, her wrist twisted.

Christy looked up at the homunculus above her, raising up its sword. Her plan was unraveling quickly. She had planned on using Shadowedge, her staff, to teleport about the room and draw a magic circle. With the circle, Phillipa could ground out the magic animating the three constructs attacking them. Christy had drawn the first point, but when she teleported to draw the second, she had collided with Lois.

And the concubine had knocked the chalk out of Christy's hand. The chalk had rolled right to the feet of their attackers. Christy swallowed, looking up at the deadly homunculus. The witch was vulnerable now. Sable and Phillipa were safe behind the shield, and Lois had her enhanced reflexes.

The homunculus sword swung. Christy teleported away from the chalk and the sword strike, flashing back to the protection of Sable's shield.

"That didn't work out well," Phillipa said.

"Yeah," Christy muttered. "What attack spells so you know?"

"I only know sleep and pain spells. I don't think those will work against animated dust."

"Probably not," groaned Christy.

Lois danced about the room. She was the only concubine here, and though the Native American teen was nimble, it took all her effort just to keep the homunculi's swords from finding her flesh, let alone getting an attack in.

"So, do we just sit her under the shield until help comes?"

"I can go get help," Christy said. "Fatima and Fumi are just out in the garden. And Kyle's in the counsel room."

"Do you know where the counsel room is?" Phillipa asked, her black hair matted by sweat to her olive face.

"Nope. I guess it's Fatima and Fumi them."

"Banzai!" a young woman roared.

Christy recognized that shout. With a smile, she said, "Guess I don't need to get Fatima."

The young teen leaped through the curtains that shaded off the open archways from the garden, her flaming spear held before her. Kayleah and Ann, Fatima's two concubines, were right behind her. Ann's face was bruised and Fatima's red silks were covered in dust.

Her spear stabbed into one of the constructs. Fire flared, and the construct turned. Cracks formed across its body as it moved, dust sloughing off in hard chunks and falling to the floor. Fatima baked the dust homunculi into clay brick, the automaton cracking into brittle pieces around her spear's fiery tip.

"I don't know what's going on!" Fatima shouted as she charged the next construct. Ann, Kayleah, and Lois swarmed the third, their enhanced strength ripping the construct to pieces as Fatima's fire hardened and backed the other one.

"Me either," Christy sighed, stepping out of Sable's spell. "But I'm glad to see you."

Fatima turned, leaning on her spear. She looked fierce for such a small teen, her dusky body dripping sweat. "So, what is going on?" Fatima asked.

"We were attacked. We've been set up. Kyle and Aaliyah were lured away."

"Okay. Let's go and find them," Fatima grinned.

"I don't know where they're at," Christy complained

A woman's shout came through the walls. "We just follow the sounds of fighting," Fatima shrugged. "There's no way our husband's going down without tearing this place up."

Fumi lowered her bow as the last homunculi fell to pieces, blown apart by her wind. Toni gasped in pain, her leg twisted at strange angle. Alexina bent over the concubine, tending to her wound. Fumi turned back to the palace, sending wind before her to paint everything with stark clarity. She could only see thanks to Windfeather, her bow, showing her the wind currents flowing around solid objects.

The sound of fighting echoed from the palace. It wasn't just the three of them that had been attacked. "Stay with Toni and protect her," Fumi commanded.

"I'm supposed to protect you, Mistress," Alexina objected.

"I'll be fine. But she's hurt and vulnerable."

"But..." Fumi fixed her sightless gaze at Alexina. The concubine's face bowed. "Yes, Mistress."

Fumi ran across the garden, the wind whipping around her, pushing her forward. She leaped, the wind carrying her over a railing and into the palace itself. She paused, listening to the sound of women yelling and a great, roaring wind. It came from her left.

"Fumi!" Fatima shouted, emerging ahead as Fumi raced through the hallway.

"The fight's this way!" Fumi shouted, racing by. "Come on!"

"Right behind you!" laughed Fatima, the younger woman catching up, her yari held before as she ran. Behind them, Christy, the witches, and three concubines followed.

The party rounded a corner. Wind howled, thick with dust before them. A man seemed to stand at the center, controlling the dust-filled winds. Three concubines were battered about in the storm, their bodies tossed and battered.

"That dust is thick!" Fatima shouted. "Can you see in there, Fumi?"

"Our enemy stands at the center." Fumi drew upon Windfeather, reaching out to the wind, charming it to her whim. She calmed the fury roaring around the man, seeking to calm it.

"The weapons," boomed the man at the storm's center. "Why did I ever send those weapons away? I could have defeated Rashid with them! But I listened to that old hag!"

The man fought her control over the wind, trying to whip his dust about and hurt the concubines. But Fumi wasn't going to let him win. The winds were hers. She held Windfeather. Not this man.

Fatima led the charge, racing down the hallway. "Banzai!" she screamed, her spear rippling with heat.

Fumi channeled more of her personality through the bow, stilling all the dust in the air until it floated harmlessly, drifting down to the ground. The man just stood there, facing Fatima's charge. Ann, Kayleah, and Lois were on her heels.

"She can do it," Christy whispered, stepping up beside Fumi.

Fatima's spear stabbed into the man.

He laughed and became dust, slamming into Fatima. Her wife gave a startled yelp and then was buried in an avalanche of dust that swept down the hallway. It roared and rasped, the dust almost flowing like a water as it flooded the corridor. The concubines were swept up, screaming as they were pushed before the tide of dust that raced right for Fumi and Christy, eager to swallow them up.

Cool air rushed against Kyle's cheek.

The door shuddered. Something struck it from the other side, splintering it enough for a single crack to let air flow through, bringing hope to Kyle in the blistering inferno. Britney huddled against him, using what little moisture was in the air to try and cocoon them from the heat and smoke.

It wasn't much.

The sapphire the room was constructed from blocked all forms of mental communication, including his power to command the earth. But there was a chink in the armor. He slipped his commands through the crack, ordering the rocks that made the floors and walls of the palace beyond the sapphire room to slam into the door. A great, loud thud rattle the room, the door ringing as it cracked.

"You're doing it," hissed Britney.

He focused on his commands, fighting off the smoke choking him.

Another chunk of wall slammed into the door. Like shattered glass, shards of sapphire rained down on them as the door burst inward. Kyle groaned as a large piece struck his head. Pain flared as his head rang. Smoke billowed out in a great rush through the shattered door. Britney pushed him through, and they stumbled out into the hallway, coughing for breath.

"Kyle!" Aaliyah screamed and to his amazement, his Genie wife caught him as he staggered, pressing her body against him.

The hallway was littered in piles of dust and his concubines looked flushed from exertion. "What's going on?" Kyle coughed.

"My father's alive," Aaliyah whispered. "He attacked me. Tried to kill me. He's Unbound."

"Just like the Ifrit in there," groaned Kyle.

"The little houri!" a voice cackled from inside the counsel room. "So Khiana failed to kill you. Now I get the pleasure!"

An explosion rocked the floor. Zaritha hurtled through the shattered door in a streak of fire, slamming into a pillar and collapsing in a smoldering heap. Aljihm, his body blackened by fire and cracked by raw fissures, strode out of the smoke, flames dancing about him. The Unbound Ifrit gazed at Kyle's wife with murderous hunger.

Kyle commanded the stones, the floors ripping up, forming a wall from floor to ceiling about Aljihm, pressing in to crush the wild Ifrit. The stones began glowing cherry red, heat rolling off in waves as they deformed and began to melt.

"We cannot fight him here," Britney shouted. "It is too confined. He'll roast us."

"Ideas?" Kyle asked her, his lungs raw from the smoke. He commanded more stone to surround the Ifrit, buying them a few more moments.

"I'm coming for you, Aaliyah," cackled the Ifrit. "I want to hear your voice scream as my fire chars your flesh and cracks your bones."

"We should retreat to a location with more tactical advantage," Britney advised.

Kyle grabbed Aaliyah's hand, jerking her behind him as he ran. "Follow me! I have an idea!"

Christy cast her spell right before the wall of dust slammed into her and Fumi. The dust hit her shield, rolling around it, plunging them into darkness as they were swallowed. Christy clung to Fumi, fear hammering in her heart.

"Such young flesh," cackled the Jann attacking them. "I do so love them young and unspoiled. Once my daughter is dead, I will be sure to share my affections with the both of you."

"Ideas?" Fumi asked.

Christy wanted to answer, but she kept having to chant the spell, the words rolling out of her lips as she channeled the power of Ishtar. Fumi's arm tightened about her, pulling her in tight against the Japanese woman's body.

The green metal inlaid in Windfeather shone, filling their pocket with light. Fumi's all-white eyes seemed to glow emerald in the light. Christy's ears popped as air swirled about them, rustling their silk pantaloons.

Then the air exploded from Fumi.

Christy shrieked, her brown hair whipped into her face. The dust engulfing them was blown away by the typhoon Fumi had unleashed. Dust pushed down the hallway, falling in clumps on the brown stone. Fatima and the concubines staggered to their feet, coughing and gasping, skin rasped raw by the abrasive dust.

"That fucking asshole!" Fatima spat, her cheek oozing blood.

Fumi whirled, letting go of Christy. She staggered, falling into the corridor wall and turning to see Fumi's arrow streak down the hallway and strike the old man, his beard stained with rust. The arrow embedded in his shoulder.

But the old man's flesh became dust. "You cannot wound the earth," he cackled.

"But you can erode it with wind!" Fumi cried.

The arrow detonated into a squall. Dust blew into Christy's face, stinging her eyes with grit. She squeezed them closed, clamping her mouth shut. The wind died, and she spat dirt out of her lips, shuddering when she realized what that dust really was.

"Did you kill him?" Fatima asked, walking up, her cheek oozing blood. "I hope you killed him."

Dust swirled at their feet. "Erosion doesn't destroy the earth," wheezed the old man. "It merely transforms the earth. Eventually, the dust settles and the land is reborn."

Dust roiled down the hallway, undulating almost like flowing water, gathering back together. A figure was rising up out of it, the old man. Christy knew what to do. Her former coven had held Aaliyah with a magic circle. Her staff appeared in her hand, flashing out of the darkness. She folded space, appearing back in Kyle's bedroom.

The piece of chalk was right where she left it.

"What are you doing?" gaped Fatima when Christy flashed back, bending down to make the first point.

She didn't have time to answer. She crawled through the flowing dust, marking the seven points for the circle. Phillipa and Sable joined her. The pair were untouched by the dust, sheltering under their own shield spell. They surrounded the growing Jann, ready to help.

Christy completed the circle.

Phillipa and Sable powered it.

The energy connecting the Jann to the dust was severed. All the flowing dust settled. The Jann screamed inside the circle, his flesh appearing. But he was scrawnier, all bones, his dusky skin hanging off his bones, the majority of his flesh trapped outside the circle.

"Let me out!" he howled, slamming his fists against the invisible wall of the circle. "Let me out, pretty girls. I can give you such delights."

Fatima snorted. "I'll pass. You're a little more wrinkled than I like in a man."

"He is contained?" Fumi asked.

"So long as one of us maintains the spell," Christy said as Phillipa chanted.

"This is how they held Aaliyah," Fatima whispered. "Phillipa was the one maintaining that circle."

Christy nodded. "That's how I knew it would work."

"So how do we kill him?" Fatima touched her the raw abrasion on her cheek oozing blood.

"No idea." Christy reached out her hand. "Let me heal you."

Fatima smiled as her flesh knitted back together, growing smooth and dusky once more. "Thanks, Christy." Then the younger woman threw her arms around Christy's neck, and kissed her on the mouth.

Christy enjoyed the feel of her wife's lips, the fiery, young woman thrusting her tongue into Christy's mouth. When Fatima broke the kiss, Christy felt a little light headed, a foolish grin splitting her lips.

"I forgive you," Fatima sighed. "I guess, you're not going to betray us."

A tear ran down Christy's cheek, and she hugged Fatima fiercely. "Thank you."

"Fatima, send your fire into the circle and burn him," Fumi announced. "Melt his dust into glass."

"Then you better get back," Fatima smiled, fire flicking at the end of her spear.

The magic circle died down as the witches and the concubines scattered. Heat rolled through the hallway as Fatima's flames built. The old man screamed out as the stone floor of the hallway cracked at Fatima's feet. Christy shivered, heat rushing out of the air, gathered by Fatima, feeding the fire she was growing. The temperature plummeted, frost riming the floor.

"She pulls heat out of the air to make her fires?" Christy gasped. "I never realized it."

"To make an average fire, I doubt she had to lower the temperature around her by more than a degree or two. But she's making an inferno." Fumi's voice sounded awed.

"Mistress is roasting him," Teleisia nodded, her ebony face battered. "Listen to his screams."

The Unbound Jann's pain-filled voice rose over the roaring bonfire.

When the fire died, the floor was warped and bubbled, and a melted glass statue of a man gleamed in the the light flickering from Fatima's spear. The young woman stood beside that statute naked, her clothes consumed in the inferno. She had a satisfied smile on her face as she stared at the dead Jann.

Aaliyah stumbled as Kyle pulled her along, trying to keep up with her husband's pace. Fire roared behind them, the twisted Ifrit melting through all the obstacles Kyle placed in the monster's path. Fear hammered in her heart.

"I'm slowing you down, my love," Aaliyah called out, cursing the diamond collar about her neck. "Leave me behind."

"So he can burn you?" Kyle growled. "I'll die first."

He stopped, grabbing her by the waist and throwing her over his strong shoulder. She dangled, staring behind them as he ran, his pace slower now that he was carrying her. Britney hissed in frustration as Kyle struggled to keep up. Stone cracked and shattered, and heat rolled down the hallway as the Ifrit melted through another wall.

Kyle's katana flared gold. Another wall of stone erupted behind them.

Almost instantly, the stones glowed cherry red.

"We're going too slow," growled Britney. "You have to run faster."

"I can carry her, Master," Ms. Capello shouted, clutching her broken wrist.

"No. she's my wife."

Aaliyah felt a surge of happiness at her husband's rock-hard determination. He vaulted over a archway looking out onto a small garden, the group cutting across. Another wall erupted, dirt fountaining into the air. Green plants whipped at them as they ran through the garden before Kyle vaulted over a low wall back into the palace. Kyle's breath was labored, coughs wracking his body.

"This is not working, Kyle," Britney hissed. "You inhaled too much smoke. You cannot keep this up."

"Aaliyah, I wish you were as light as a feather so I can carry you to a garden bower and make love to you."

"Done," the Djinn gasped, her power flowing out of her.

Her body felt light and airy, almost lifting up from Kyle's shoulders as he ran faster. He was no longer grunting. She was no longer slowing him down. Aaliyah didn't understand why fighting Aljihm in the garden was better than in the palace, but she trusted her husband.

"That way," Britney snarled. "I think I know your plan. I can smell it."

Kyle turned left, his slippered feet pounding down the hallway. Aaliyah realized they were in Sihab's harem. Kyle shouldn't be in here. This was a place for only women. She pushed down her people's laws; they hardly mattered right now.

Sunlight fell on her. They were outside in the harem gardens. Britney seemed to be leading them, guiding them through the perfumed beauty of flowering vines hanging from trellis amid shady persimmon trees.

Fire crackled behind them. The gardens burning.

"There!" Britney shouted. "That is what you wanted, right?"

"Yes!"

Water splashed at Kyle's feet, drops striking her face. He whirled around setting her down in the shin-deep water and thrusting her behind him. Aaliyah pressed against his back, trembling as Aljihm's inferno neared.

"This is perfect," Kyle said. "You understand what to do, Britney."

"I do," she grinned, her face striped black. "This might work."

I wish I knew what the plan is.

The gardens burned, ash raining down on them, spreading around the pool. The concubines flanked around Kyle, crouched and wary. Britney drew her dagger, watering dripping from the blade, the pool rippling about their feet as Britney guided the liquid.

Aaliyah's eyes widened. "You're a genius, Kyle," she whispered.

"You think to cower in a pool?" Aljihm sneered, striding out of the inferno. His body was blackened and burned, but he seemed to be in no pain. "You think that little water can snuff out my inferno?"

The Ifrit stepped into the water. It hissed and steamed, boiling about his feet.

"My fire's burn hot!" he roared, thrusting his fist forward.

Flames shot at them, the water flashing to steam before it. The water at their feet surged and lifted up, swallowing the flames. Then Britney threw the boiling water at the Ifrit, hissing and popping as it streaked through the air, leaving a trial of steam behind.

The water seemed to explode into billowing white when it struck Aljihm, damp, hot mist rolling around them. Kyle surged forward, disappearing into the thick, white steam. Fire crackled and Aaliyah's heart leapt into her throat.

Kyle surged forward into the billowing steam, protected from its scalding heat by Britney's power. Through the earth, Kyle could feel where Aljihm stood. He commanded the mud at the Ifrit's feet to rise up, seizing him by the ankles while he raised his sword.

Britney was at his side, hissing in excitement.

Light flared in front of him, fiery orange, thrusting forward.

But water was all around them. Kyle knew Britney would understand the advantage. Just because it was steam, didn't mean she couldn't control it. The air suddenly condensed, the steam precipitating into rain that fell right on the Ifrit's fire, dousing it.

"That won't work!" the Ifrit bellowed. Heat rolled into Kyle as he raised his sword. "My flames burn too hot!"

Kyle's sword flashed down, sparkling gold.

Aljihm saw the attack and shot his fire forward. But he hadn't gathered the heat enough. Britney's water slowed him down, giving Kyle the time to cross the distance. The Ifrit tried to pull away, but his feet were trapped.

So he became fire.

"Now, Britney!"

He commanded the earth to burst up around the whirling fire, forming a wall that curled over to stop the fire's escape. All the water of the pond rushed past Kyle, channeled by Britney, and slammed into the Ifrit's firewhirl.

Steam flashed as Britney drowned the Ifrit. Kyle continued shaping the earth, pulling the stonewall around the drenched fire. Steam billowed out, the Ifrit's fires weakening, sputtering. The last water in the pond poured in, boiling way in a flash.

Kyle closed the earth around the firewhirl, pulling the Ifrit down into the ground, smothering his weakened flames. He could feel the Ifrit struggle and howl, trying to pour enough heat to melt the stone. Kyle took him deeper below the ground, burying him beneath a hundred feet of rock. The pressure grew, squeezing down on Aljihm's dwindling fire.

He held the Ifrit down there until he felt the rocks began to cool. The Ifrit's fire was out.

"Your plan worked," Britney said.

"I'm just glad you understood your role."

"It was a simple plan. Perhaps, that is why it was so successful."

"Thanks," Kyle snorted, his lungs burning as he breathed.

Aaliyah walked over, putting her arms on him. "We still have to deal with my father."

"What do we do now?" Fatima asked as she stared at the glass statue.

"We need to find Mistress," Teleisia said. "She was running to get Master."

"So, does anyone know where the council chamber is?" Fatima looked around.

Christy and the witches shook their heads and the concubines all shrugged. "She was running that way," Teleisia pointed.

The world suddenly folded around Fatima and then she popped back into reality, her bare feet sinking into mud. She blinked as she stumbled, arms whirling to hold her balance. She stood in the bottom of an empty pond, colorful fish flopping around the mud while a garden burned around them. Kyle stood nearby, Aaliyah's arm wrapped around him. Soot smeared his face and body, and he coughed as he leaned on Aaliyah.

"Britney!" Phillipa gasped and hugged the equally bedraggled Rakshasa.

All the concubines and wives had been summoned by Kyle's wish. "What happened here, big bro?"

"A mad Ifrit."

"Zaritha? Did you piss her off."

Kyle shook his head and pointed at a groaning, wounded Zaritha. "She saved me. It was one of the Unbound."

"Like that Jann we killed," Fatima panted.

"You killed him?"

Fatima frowned at the pain in Aaliyah's voice. "You bet we did, Aaliyah. I turned him to glass."

"That was my father."

Fatima gaped. "I ... uh ... what?" Guilt punched her in the stomach

A tear ran down Aaliyah's cheek, then her Genie wife walked over and hugged her. "It's for the best," Aaliyah cried. "He was Unbound. That was really just a shell. An empty husk full of evil."

Fatima hugged her back, relieved Aaliyah didn't hate her.

"We need to know what's going on," Kyle growled. "Are the Jann our enemies? Why did the Vizier lead us into a trap?"

"My father commanded his loyalty," Aaliyah sighed. "He ... killed my brother and..." She let out a shuddering sob. " ... it should be fine now that father's dead."

"Should be isn't enough." Anger hardened Kyle's face. "I want that Vizier brought to me. I want some answers!"

"We're on it, Master," Shannon said.

"We'll be in the throne room. If Sihab is dead than Aaliyah is the Sheikh or Sheikhess."

"I'm not the Sheikha," Aaliyah answered, shaking her head. "Sihab will have a son. Maybe not fully matured, but he will rule once he comes of age."

"Fine. Bring me the Vizier, Shannon." Kyle tossed Shannon a diamond collar. "This will keep him from escaping."

"We won't fail you."

Kyle sat on the tourmaline throne, his wives flanking him on small chairs Aaliyah conjured. Zaritha sat at his feet, restored by Fatima's fire. His concubines, the ones that didn't go to hunt down the Vizier, lounged about, looking sexy and dangerous. Many had been beaten up in the scuffle, but the witches patched up their wounds.

The Jann, who seemed to have all fled before the attack, filed back in, looking downcast. Kyle fixed hard eyes on them. None had any spine. They all had stood aside while Aaliyah's insane father set them up to attack.

Because we had been too trusting. We let our guard down. None of these Genie can be trusted.

The doors thrust open and Shannon and Chyna dragged the Vizier between them, the diamond collar about his throat. He blubbered, tears running down his wrinkled cheeks to his snowy beard. The Jann nobles all quieted, watching the Vizier with apprehension.

"Master," Shannon smiled, throwing the Jann at the feet of his throne.

"I'm sorry, your greatness," blubbered the Vizier. "I had to. He was the Sheikh. His word is the law in Khoshilat Maqandeli. I could no more oppose him than the sun can oppose setting at night. Mercy. Please."

"How can he ever trust you?" Aaliyah asked. "Sihab ibn al-Jann, my noble brother, swore our tribe to Kyle, declaring him the Sultan. Yet you conspired to betray him. How can such feckless service be forgiven?"

Kyle blinked in surprise and had to resist looking at her and gaping. She sound so majestic, a queen addressing her servant.

"I was afraid. Your father was wild. Deranged. He threatened my daughters. Please, your Exaltedness. Show mercy to a foolish, old man. I will swear to be your servant."

"What oath can hold you?" Aaliyah asked. "I know of only one."

"By the laws of creation that bind me, I swear to give leal service to Kyle Unmei, Sultan of the Hidden People. As Steward for Yusuf ibn al-Jann, the infant son of Sihab, I bind the Jann tribe to your cause."

Aaliyah gave a nod.

"Then we need to figure out our next step," Kyle stated. "One of the five tribe is behind us. How do we get the Ghul, Si'lat, and Ifrit to join our side?"

"I know how to deliver the Ifrit," Zaritha said.

"The court should be cleared," Britney said. "Only those you trust should hear her words." "Very wise," cackled an old crone, striding out of the crowd of Jann nobleman.

Kyle frowned leaning over to Aaliyah. "I thought women weren't tolerated in the court." It confused him last night when she spoke, guiding Sihab to swear allegiance.

"She's Kalsom binti Abdullah," Aaliyah answered. "The oldest of the Jann."

"I am," the bent, old woman smiled. "A thousand years I have awaited for your arrival. The fulfillment of my prophecy is at hand."

"Prophecy?" Kyle asked.

Aaliyah shook her head. "I only knew it was her plan to marry me to Salah ad-Din Yusuf ibn Ayyub."

"It was my plan to marry you to him," the crone answered, pointing at Kyle.

"Then why was I put in the lamp eight hundred years ago?" Aaliyah asked. "Why did you tell my father another man was to be my husband?"

"It was the only way to safeguard you for your bridegroom, child. Rashid knew of my prophecy. He knew you were at the center of it. That your husband would be the man to topple him, and he is desperate to hold onto power. That is why he has gathered the most vile criminals among our people."

"Like my father," Aaliyah sadly whispered.

"Your father's grief at your disappearance drove him to violate our people's law to try and assassinate Rashid."

"Law?" Kyle asked.

"Djinn may not shed their fellow's blood in the Hidden Realm," Aaliyah answered.

The old woman nodded. "And instead of facing his punishment for his desperate sin, your father unbound his soul and became a monster."

"All because you sent me eight hundred years too early!" snapped Aaliyah.

"Rashid would never have let you live so long. You have seen his servants. One of the Unbound would have snuffed out your life. I had to protect you. The lamp was the perfect vessel. You were destined for Kyle. I knew you would find your way to him eventually. I lied to your father. I found a mortal with a destiny of greatness, one that your father would believe could rule our people. But you have accomplished your destiny. The six shall be one, the Marid defeated."

"Six?" Christy asked.

"The Warrior of the Earthen Blade." She bowed to Kyle. "The Consort of the Brass Lamp." Aaliyah shifted in her seat. "The Consort of the Fiery Spear."

"Told you I was supposed to have the spear," snarked Fatima to Aaliyah.

"The Consort of the Arcane Grimoire." The Crone's eye fell on the staff. "I see you found your darkness. The Consort of the Airy Bow. And the Companion of the Watery Dagger. Six shall be one."

"Six shall be one," Christy muttered, leaning forward in her seat. "Is that literal or a metaphor?"

"You will have to figure that out," the crone said, inclining her head.

The doors to the throne room opened and a young Jann entered, draped in yellow roles. He strode to the center of the throne room, his dark-brown face paling as he gazed up at Kyle. He fell to his knees before the throne. "Your Exaltedness, Sheikha Hawaa binti al-Si'lat requests an audience with you."

Kyle flicked his eyes to Aaliyah. She is the leader of the Si'lat.

I thought women didn't rule in your world?

There are only female Si'lat, Aaliyah answered in his mind. They are all whores and never to be trusted.

A beautiful woman in green silks strode in, mature and ripe, her breasts plainly visible through her silk top. A bevy of lush women trailed after her, all dark eyed and moving with inhuman grace. Kyle's cock stirred as he stared at them.

"Greetings, Kyle Unmei," the Sheikha purred. "We have much to discuss."

Sahabah, The Hidden Realm Rashid watched the graceful, dusky-skinned, Arab woman stride through his court towards his sapphire throne. Hecate's servant had arrived to seal their alliance and aide him in Kyle's destruction. Her feet echoed on the polished, blue floor. An insolent smile graced her lips and dark power radiated from her.

"Greetings, Sultan of the Hidden Peoples," she bowed. "Hecate desires me to be your most humble servant until Kyle's defeat. We have much to discuss."

Rashid examined the woman. She had mature beauty, a hunger burning in her dark depths. Her clothing revealed much of her lush curves and her lips had a predator curl to them. Lust stirred in his loins. Centuries ago he had lost interest in his plethora of concubines and wives.

Some glamour of Hecate's wards her, attracting my interest, Rashid mused.

"What makes you so effective against Kyle?" he asked, ignoring his lust. He was not so foolish to fall into such an obvious trap. "How will you kill him when others have failed?"

"I am Faiza Unmei."

"Unmei? You are his kin?"

"His mother," she grinned; he shivered, there was nothing warm, loving, or motherly in that smile—only the promise of death. "He could never raise a hand to me. He loves me."
Chapter 32 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 31 |   Bottom
Chapter 32: The Seduction of the Si'lat
Posted: March 31, 2015 - 09:09:45 pm
Updated: April 13, 2015 - 05:01:07 pm

Friday, January 29th – Sahabah, The Hidden Realm

Rashid gazed down at the lovely figure of Faiza, Kyle's own mother. Somehow, Hecate had dominated this woman. Greed burned through him. He could see the potential, but what was her true cost? What did Hecate truly hope to gain out of this alliance. He didn't believe her declaration of revenge. The lose of a few pawns would hardly matter to the dark goddess.

"Let us speak in private and discuss the terms of our alliance."

Faiza inclined her head and the ardor building in Rashid's loins grew. The woman sought to seduce him. An obvious trap. What if this blatant attack is to distract me from a more subtle weapon?

Care would have to be taken.

He rose from his sapphire throne, his slippered feet padding across the polished, blue stone of his palace. He always felt surrounded by a vast ocean when he walked through Sahabah, drawing comfort from the cool, dark surrounding him.

He led Faiza to his private chamber, his eyes falling on the diamond chains that held the Unbound to his service. He almost betrayed his shock. Khiana and Aljihm's chains had both snapped. Kyle had felled two of his most dangerous servants while he held court. Terror fluttered in his heart. How much power does this youth possess?

"What are your Goddess's terms?" he asked Faiza, his words rushing out as he tried to master his fear.

Faiza sat on a seat, the hem of her dress slipping up to expose an expanse of dusky thigh. The profile of her face was so lovely. Watch for the subtle knife, Rashid.

"My Goddess will allow me to kill Kyle, thus ending the prophecy that threatens your rule, in exchange for an alliance of marriage."

Rashid narrowed his eyes. "Whom am I to marry?"

Faiza raised her eyebrows.

I could take this lovely viper as a concubine.

"I will be your Sultana. The first of your wives," she continued.

"Impossible. I already have enough wives. I will take you as a concubine."

She shook her head, shifting those lush thighs. "I will be your wife and sit at your counsel chambers."

"So Hecate wants influence over the governance of my realm?"

"Do you have another choice?" A smile played on her lovely lips. "Four of your unbound already lie dead."

He flinched, glancing back at the chains before he could stop himself. Her laugh was rich and mocking. Anger flooded through him. "Your Goddess's price is too high. I have other weapons."

"Yes. So effective." She stood up, walking to the chains. She touched the last one remaining. "I'm sure your son, Makerah, will stop him." She moved on to Aljihm's shattered chain. "I'm sure he'll perform better than these four."

He felt her hands squeezing his balls. His unbound son would fare no better than the other four. He had no weapons left short of open war, and the Djinn did not like to be so direct. If this Faiza could stay Kyle's hand long enough to leave him vulnerable, he had no choice but to accept her offer.

He opened his mouth, gall choking his throat.

A knock rapped his door.

"Be gone," he command, his irritation showing. Faiza had him by the balls, squeezing him until he relented.

The door opened anyways and Makerah sauntered in, an insolent grin on his face.

"Why aren't you out there hunting that Jann bitch down?" Rashid growled.

Makerah grin grew. "Since Aaliyah has reunited with Kyle, it is only a matter of time before they come for your throne. Why waste all that effort out there, when I can enjoy the splendors of your court waiting for his arrival." His hungry eyes fell on Faiza. "And what splendor you have, Father."

"Why have you interrupted my discussion?"

"The daughter of that Si'lat whore is requesting an audience in private. She entered the palace in secrecy."

"You mean, you smuggled her in," Rashid accused.

"Her price was so sweet, how could I resist?" An oily smile spread across Makerah's face. "She awaits in the hallway."

Why has Hawaa sent one of her daughters? "I must speak with her alone." He glanced at Faiza. "I will consider your offer."

"Don't take too long," she purred. "Kyle is young and prone to rashness. He might storm your palace before we consummate our alliance."

Faiza slipped out and moments later Durra, the eldest daughter of Hawaa, the Sheikha of the Si'lat, strolled in. The Si'lat's body was scandalously draped in green silk so thin her flesh bled through. A smile hungry curled on her lush lips. The Si'lat were all whores, and Rashid could smell the stench of the slut's recent rutting.

"My mother travels to Khoshilat Maqandeli to treat with Kyle Unmei," she purred.

Rashid was not surprised. The Jann and the Si'lat would oppose him, and the Ghul could be enticed to their cause. Only his Marid and the Ifrit would remain faithful. "Why are you telling me this?"

"My mother will offer one of my sisters to be his wife or concubine to cement the alliance. You know the skill of my kind. And our mother has schooled us well. If you agree to her terms, she will wrap Kyle about her finger and make him dance to her whim. She will addict him to the delights the Si'lat offer. He shall be her slave."

"Her price."

"My mother shall be your Sultana. Your first wife. Make your decision swift. I must return to her before the feast at Kyle's court to tell her your decision."

"And if I refuse, the Si'lat shall join his cause."

"You won't refuse," Durra laughed.

Rashid found neither of his choices appetizing. Either he lets the Si'lat attempt to rule the Hidden People through him, or he could let Hecate attempt the same. But Rashid knew Hawaa binti al-Si'lat. Better the enemy I know than supping on Hecate's poisoned feast.

"Tell your mother we have an alliance."

"She will be greatly pleased."

"You are a ravishing creature," Makerah growled, grabbing the vessel called Faiza and thrusting her into an alcove. "Your beauty is wasted on the wizened bag of bile."

Hecate did not oppose the Unbound Marid's hands, allowing him to roam his hands around Faiza's responsive flesh. Pleasure rippled through her vessel's body, heat simmering between her thighs. His hands were bold, sliding up Faiza's thighs and groping her tits.

"And I should submit to someone with so little power as you?" Hecate spoke through her Vessel's lips. The Goddess delighted in possessing Faiza, using the mother of her enemy to achieve all her goals was so satisfying.

The real Faiza howled and beat in the prison of her mind, feeling the Marid's molestation but powerless to do anything about it. A finger wormed into her Vessel's pussy, pumping in and out and stirring more delightful pleasure.

Hecate let out a sigh; his fingers were skilled.

"I can have power," Makerah whispered in her ear, his fingers thrusting harder through her Vessel's cunt. Hecate reveled in the bliss, wanton moans escaping out Faiza's lips. The Marid seized her hand, pulling it down to his crotch. "Feel how much power is in there."

He had girth, his cock swelling in Faiza's hand. "Power is more than having a big cock."

"My father will reject your alliance."

"He won't," Hecate assured, stroking faster at his girth. "I have him right where I want."

"Unless the Si'lat ruin all your plans. That little whore is in there, working her wiles on my father. You are beautiful, but none can resist their seduction."

His hands hiked up Faiza's skirt, and Hecate allowed her Vessel's legs to part, inviting Makerah to take more liberties with her. He laughed, his lips sucking at Faiza's neck as Hecate forced her Vessel to guide his cock to Faiza's pussy.

"No. That is for your father. You may have my ass."

Makerah spun her about, pressing her against the cool, blue wall. Hecate savored the pleasure as his thick cock penetrated Faiza's ass. Makerah groaned, sucking harder, driving his cock deep into the Vessel's bowls.

"There is a place for you in my plan," she moaned through Faiza's mouth. "Fuck me harder, then we should find a private place to talk."

Makerah groaned, his hips hammering with such passion. The pleasure swelled through her Vessel's body, roaring through Hecate's mind. She loved every second of her Vessel's violation, forcing Faiza's hips to pump and writhe as the cock reamed her asshole.

"Fuck me harder, Makerah! Drive that cock in deep and make me cum!"

"Fucking whore!" he gasped; flesh slapped against flesh. "I am going to enjoy our alliance!"

"Me, too!" Hecate screamed through her Vessel's lips. The pleasure swelled, on the verge of bursting and flooding bliss through Faiza's body. "Cum in me! Spill your seed in my ass!"

He buried deep into Faiza's asshole; liquid warmth pumped into her Vessel.

Bliss erupted, slamming through Faiza's body and Hecate's mind. She screamed out her passion through Faiza's lips, clawing the wall with Faiza's fingers. Her Vessel shuddered and spasmed, Faiza's ass spasmed about Makerah's thick, cumming cock.

"You young stud," Hecate moaned as the last pleasure shuddered through. "I will enjoy working with your passion."

Khoshilat Maqandeli

Kyle waited with his wives and concubines in the antechamber. The smell of roasting meat seasoned with herbs and honey rolled through the halls and his stomach growled in anticipation.

"Patience, my love," Aaliyah smiled, leaning against him. "You are the Sultan. You must be the last to enter."

A feast had been whipped up by the Jann to celebrate the arrival of Sheikha Hawaa binti al-Si'lat. After the feast, Kyle would discuss the terms for the Si'lat's alliance. He would have preferred a simple dinner to talk with the beautiful woman, but these Djinn loved their ceremony and proprieties.

"I'm with Kyle, let's go in there and eat! I'm starving!" Fatima moaned.

"When are you not starving, Mistress," Ann laughed, throwing her pale arms around Fatima's dusky body and hugging her Mistress tight. Ann's strawberry-blonde hair peaked out around her purple shawl.

Everyone was dressed in silks, Kyle in regal white, his vest open to show off his muscular stomach and chest, Aaliyah in yellow silk. It wasn't translucent like the outfit she wore in the privacy of their quarters. Fatima was swaddled in fiery red, Christy in Black, and Fumi in green. The concubines wore regal purple, and Britney was draped in blue, though she refused the veil and shawl the other women wore.

Of course, she wasn't fully female. Since she was a hermaphroditic Rakshasa Aaliyah didn't object to her breach of decorum.

"When you're Sultan, Kyle, these veils have to go," Fatima complained. "It keeps getting stuck in my mouth when I talk."

"I don't know," Christy giggled. "They're kinda sexy." She looked out at the various concubines lounging in the antechamber. "Don't they all look sexy."

Several of the concubines—Chyna, Toni, and Mindy—preened for Kyle's enjoyment.

"They do," Kyle agreed, giving Christy's ass a squeeze through her black, silk pantaloons. "You always have a good eye for sexy women."

"It's the talent I'm most proud of," she laughed.

"I thought it was enhancing my concubines with your magic," Kyle grinned. "I love the lactation." Christy leaned over. "I gave two more lactation when I added the new augmentations a little while ago." In the last hours, as the feast for the Si'lat were prepared, Christy added a few new abilities to the concubines as precautions.

Kyle's cock throbbed. "Which ones," he whispered back.

Christy winked her hazel eye at him, a smile playing on her lush lips. "I made them promise not to tell you. You'll just have to suck on all their tits to find out which have been enhanced."

"What a fun game. Maybe I should start now."

The door opened and the white-bearded Vizier entered. He ruled the Jann in the steed of Aaliyah's infant nephew, the murdered Sheikh Sihab's son. "The feast is ready and the guest await you and your lovely wives and concubines."

"Guess you'll have to wait to find out," Christy whispered in his ear.

Lois, Alexina, Carla, and Teleisia went out first, scanning the gathering of Jann and Si'lat. There were three tables, a short one at the end of the room set aside for Kyle, and two longer tables that ran the length of the room. Beautiful Jann maidens moved about, holding pitchers of water or carrying platters of food. The air was filled with the spicy scents steaming from the platters of sliced roasted meat and vegetables upon beds of saffron rice.

Kyle sat at the center of the main table, Fumi and Christy on his right, Aaliyah and Fumi on his left. Hawaa and her eldest daughter, Durra, sat at the head table while her other daughters were scattered throughout rest of the feast. Hawaa was a mature beauty, her large, round tits cupped in green silk, her nipples a dark shadow through the fabric. Her daughter, Durra, had flashing green eyes, though her breasts failed to come close to her mother's generous size.

Kyle savored the delicious, spiced meat and savory sauces. His wives laughed and giggled, enjoying the exotic music the Jann played. Half-way through dinner, Hawaa stood up from where she sat beside Christy.

"My daughters have prepared a dance in your honor, great Sultan," she purred, her voice like honey; Kyle's cock throbbed with desire for her. "With your permission."

"I would be most pleased to see your beautiful daughters dance."

Fumi leaned over and whispered in Kyle's ear, " I can smell how excited you are to see them. Make a wish, and I'll keep you satisfied."

Aaliyah smirked as she granted his wish. Fumi's hand reached into his silk pantaloons, seizing his hardening cock as the dozen, beautiful daughters of Hawaa stepped into the center of the room between the three tables. All wore green silk pantaloons hanging from their curvy hips and green shawls, ending in golden tassels, over their dark hair. They slipped out of their silk tops, baring their dusky tits.

A soft music began to play, their hips swaying softly to the beat. Bells tingled. Silver bells dangled like charms from bracelets about their wrists, jingling as they moved their arms in precise, sensual movements.

"Umm, aren't they beautiful," Aaliyah purred as Fumi stroked his cock. "Si'lat may all be whores, but they are gorgeous whores."

"They are beautiful."

"I'm glad you enjoy the sight of my daughters," purred Hawaa as the music picked up its beat. The Si'lat dancer's hips rolled faster, their breasts jiggling. "They are so excited to perform for you."

Kyle nodded, entranced by their unearthly beauty. Before the attack, Aaliyah and Christy had belly-danced for him, but neither of his wives were able to move with the grace and precision that the Si'lat daughters did.

Fumi's mouth engulfed his cock, swirling her tongue about his cock. He groaned, his eyes transfixed on the dancers. The music built, a sensual, pounding beat. The dancers clapped to the beat, their hips undulating faster. They turned, rolling their hips as they moved, shaking their bubbly butts at him. Their pantaloons shifted, slipping slightly, showing off a hint of their asscheeks, the silk garments threatening to fall off.

"Umm, that's so hot," purred Christy.

"Let's finger each other, my love," Aaliyah whispered and Fatima gave a throaty moan for an answer.

Fumi's mouth sucked harder, her lily-scented excitement filling Kyle's nose. His cock throbbed in her hungry lips. He couldn't fight his approaching eruption. Sensuality roared in the air. Fumi's lips sealed tight on his cock, sucking hard, as Kyle erupted. She swallowed every drop. He groaned, the dancers eyes all fixed on him, orgasmic moans filling their lips as their bodies writhed.

Kyle stayed hard in his wife's mouth.

Fumi kept sucking. She hungered for cum, groaning and shuddering as she swallowed his life-giving load. Her hands massaged his heavy balls, eager for more of his salty load. The dancer's hands roamed their bellies and breasts, pinching nipples, their hips almost a blur as they swayed and rolled.

"I didn't know a woman could move their hips like that," groaned Fatima. "Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck, Aaliyah! Keep stroking my clit!"

The Si'lat moved their hands down to their groins, rubbing themselves through their silk pantaloons as their hips rolled, thrusting forward. Their sighs grew louder, the music growing softer, letting the cumming dancers make their own accompaniment. Twelve, unearthly beautiful women orgasmed, their breasts bouncing and jiggling as their bodies shuddered.

"Such beautiful whores," purred Aaliyah. "Oh, yes! Oh, Fatima! I'm cumming!"

Aaliyah brushed Kyle's arm as she orgasmed.

Kyle groaned, another great cum shooting out of him, his body shuddering. He was so happy he made that wish for sexual stamina as Fumi drank load after load of his cum. She moaned about his cock, cumming a second time.

"I hope my girls left you satisfied," Hawaa announced, stepping forward and kneeling before him on the opposite side of the table.

"Very satisfied," Kyle grinned as Fumi sat up. He gave his wife a kiss on the cheek, pulling her against him. Fumi rested her head on his shoulder, panting as she came down from her cum.

"Good. I desire what the Jann have, your greatness," she continued. "I wish to unite my house with the mighty Unmei line. Take one of my daughters to be yours, and the Si'lat shall follow you and your house for eternity."

Kyle looked out at the beautiful, topless Si'lat maidens, his cock stirring. "I already have four wives, but I would take a daughter to be my concubine."

"That is more than acceptable," purred Hawaa. "I see the Ifrit only provided you with a concubine." She nodded to Zaritha.

Kyle gazed at the Si'lat's daughters, trying to choose one. They were all so lovely.

"Let us go apart, your greatness, and discuss our alliance in a more private setting. Let your loving wives choose which of my daughters would most please you."

"Ooh, that sounds fun," Fatima laughed. "We would need to examine them diligently."

Aaliyah placed her hand on his. "Would that please you, my husband?"

"It would," Kyle nodded, his eyes falling on Hawaa and the open invitation her smile gave him. "I will trust you four to make the best decision."

She will make her move while you are together, Aaliyah warned him in his mind.

I won't be alone with her, Kyle answered. I will have a few of the concubines with me.

Kyle rose. "Let us retire to my quarters where we shall talk." He grinned at her and her dark eyes melted as his cock swelled. "Alexina, Chyna, and Toni shall attend to us."

The three concubines he named rose with grace, moving to him, a bit of Alexina's blonde hair, streaked with pink highlights, peaked out of her shawl. Hawaa glanced at them, her smile deepening. "You have a prodigious appetite."

"I do." He walked around the table and held his arm out to her. She hesitated for a moment, unsure what to do, before rising and taking his arm. "This is how they do it where I'm from," Kyle whispered. "A gentleman always offer's his arm to a beautiful woman."

Her laugh was rich and sensual, her fingers light on his bare arm. "I think your customs are quite pleasant."

Alexina, Toni, and Chyna surrounded Kyle and Hawaa, smiles on their faces. They seemed nothing more than eye candy. He doubted Hawaa would ever suspect just how dangerous Christy's magic had made them. Especially with the new additions.

Aaliyah was barking commands, ordering Hawaa's daughters to follow her to the harem. Have fun, Aaliyah sent. Men have always boasted on how sublime Hawaa's embrace is.

Enjoy the daughters. I bet Fatima wants to eat each one out.

Probably.

"You have accomplished so much for one so young," Hawaa purred as they walked. "Striding into the Hidden Realm and declaring yourself Sultan. It is so ambitious."

"Rashid kidnapped my wife. I came to win her back. He created this mess. If he left us alone, I might never have come here. I have to defeat him to protect my family."

"No ambition for glory."

Kyle imagined standing before the people of the Hidden Realms, all of them cheering and calling his name as he ruled them. "Maybe a little," he admitted. "But I will protect my family. I will crush anything that threatens us." He glanced at her, giving her a direct look.

If the Sheikha caught his threat, she didn't react. "Such passion. I can see the way you inspired your wives and concubines. I have never seen a man with a harem so devoted to him."

"Master knows how to take a woman in hand and bend her to his will," Alexina answered. "He bent me in a hallway and forced me to blow him. So masterful. I loved every second of it."

"Master had me blow him in a crowded room," sighed Toni. "And when we were caught by our teachers, Master made her his concubine as well."

"That was a fun day," Chyna nodded. "Master planted a baby in me the first time he took me."

"Remarkable," Hawaa purred. "Hopefully your wives do not choose one of my more strong willed daughters. Most take after me."

"Are you saying I couldn't bend you to my desires," Kyle asked.

Her smile was hungry. "You could certainly try. But tonight, I freely offer all of my delights. Let us celebrate our alliance."

Chyna opened the door to Kyle's remade quarters. With a wish, Aaliyah had put to right all the carnage the dust homunculi had caused earlier today. Hawaa broke away, sliding onto the bed, her clothes vanishing in a gentle breath. She was lush and ripe, far more beautiful than any of her daughters. Her thighs parted, inviting Kyle while her eyes flashed with hunger.

She was a cougar, licking her lips, ready to enjoy a young buck.

"Come to me, Kyle. Show me how you master a woman." She laughed, almost mocking, almost challenging.

Kyle pulled off his vest as Alexina and Toni knelt to pull his pantaloons down. Alexina's mouth opened, engulfing him. Some of Hawaa's beauty faded. She was still gorgeous, but his concubine's touch seemed to dispel some of her enchantment.

Chyna pressed against him, her top removed and her heavy breasts caressing his back. "Show her that you're a real man," she whispered, kissing his neck. "Don't fall victim to her illusions."

"I won't," Kyle whispered back, turning and seizing his first concubine's chin and kissing her. Her nipple grew wet, the milk cool against his side. So Chyna's one of the new girls to have breast milk. "I'm glad Christy gave you that," he whispered, fingering her nipple. He licked the milk off his finger.

"Me, too, Master."

Alexina's mouth pulled off from his cock, the blonde sliding up his other side to kiss his neck. "Fuck her hard, Master."

"Come to me, Kyle. I need your touch."

The desire built within him. Kyle felt it cloying at his senses, fighting against the touch of his concubines. He grit his teeth, trying to keep his thoughts straight. He couldn't let this woman dominate him. He had to be the Master here.

But she was so beautiful and lush.

What if Christy's enhancements to the concubines aren't working?

He stepped towards the bed, focusing on the touches his concubines had given him, warding him against the Si'lat's lust-filled enchantments. But doubt crept in as she beckoned him. She grew more beautiful, more appealing. He wanted to crawl on his knees to her, gazing up at her perfection, and worship her.

Was this a mistake? Did we gamble on Christy's magic too much?

Kyle took another step to the bed.

Fumi leaned against the walls as her wives and the concubines mingled with Hawaa's daughters on the pillows. There was a lot of giggling and feminine squeals. Fumi licked her lips, savoring Kyle's cum. Being with a woman was all right, but she had two wonderful orgasms from ingesting Kyle's delicious seed.

She didn't need to join in on the unwinding orgy.

Aaliyah pressed against Hawaa's eldest daughter, Durra. The Si'lat's fingers stroked Aaliyah's hand. Aaliyah snuggled closer, her hand caressing Durra's naked breast, trailing her delicate finger up to pinch her nipple. Durra shuddered and moaned.

Lust billowed through the room. The Si'lat all exuded pheromones. They smelled similar to Fumi's own, lily-scented pheromones. Though theirs were more saffron than lily, but just as intoxicating to a man. But their scents wouldn't affect the women in this room.

Of course, her wives and all the concubines had an insatiable appetite for female flesh.

Lois was the worst. She had two of the daughters sucking at her tits, then pushed one's head down to her pussy. Christy kissed Layla's lush lips, their fingers stroking each other's pussies, and Fatima had her face buried between Mayy's large breasts, pressing them against her face. Fatima's ass shook, and Kayleah pressed her lips into Fatima's shaved twat.

Fumi's desires stirred as clothes were discarded and the moans of women echoed through the room. Aaliyah scissored with Durra, both women working their hips to grind their pussies together. Christy had found a dildo and plunged it in and out of Layla's pussy while she licked and sucked at the Si'lat's belly button.

"Lick my pussy, whore!" gasped Fatima, straddling Mayy's face, writhing her hips, as her hands played with the Si'lat's dusky, large breasts and fat, brown nipples. "Oh, yes. Lick my cunt. You love it! You're a pussy licking whore. Umm, I think you should be Kyle's! He could slid his cock through your big tits and squirted his cum across your face." Fatima shuddered. "Umm, you want that! Lick me harder! Oh, yes!"

Fumi watched as the slim teen came, her budding breasts barely jiggling as she writhed, smiling at the pure bliss on her wife's face. Fatima slumped over, burying her face between Mayy's legs and licking her shaved pussy.

Ms. Capello nursed another daughter with one breast and Shannon with the other, both women fingering her pussy. Mindy fucked Carla up the ass with a strap-on, the redhead moaning as she bucked her hips into the nurse's thrust.

"Why don't you join?" purred a slim Si'lat, her lashes long and dark around her dark eyes. A second Si'lat slipped up beside her. Their dusky faces had the same, delicate features, their breasts the same shape.

"My twin and I would love to pleasure you," the second said, taking Fumi's hand.

"Perhaps she enjoys a more private place to make love, Naila," the first said.

"Would you like to go off with Tarah and I?" Naila asked, pulling her towards a curtained doorway. "You are so beautiful. You smell wonderful."

"She does," moaned Tarah, grabbing her other hand and puling harder. Fumi didn't resist. She needed to be pleasured, and these twin sisters seemed perfect for the task. "I love your scent. Like lilies."

Fumi smiled as they passed through the silk curtain into a room. The twins pulled her down onto a soft mattress. Tarah tugged down her pantaloons, her fingers soft and leaving trails of fire across her skin wherever they touched. Naila's fingers pulled off Windfeather, her magical bow shaped like her glasses, plunging Fumi into darkness.

She shuddered, loving the hands tracing her flesh, the soft kisses brushing her skin. She didn't know which twin touched her. It was so exciting in the complete darkness. They could do anything to her and she had no idea.

Fumi squealed when one kissed and nibbled at her breast while the other's lips kissed down her spine, nuzzling the small of her back. Fumi sighed, her reaching out to touch their naked flesh, finding perky tits and bubbly asses.

"That's so wonderful, Fumi," purred Naila, her voice was slightly higher pitched. "Your fingers are so gentle."

Fumi's finger played with her nipple as her mouth went back to sucking at her tit. Then she moved lower, Naila's stomach quivering beneath her touch. She pressed lower, reaching between her thighs to touch the liquid warmth leaking from her excited pussy.

Tarah's tongue moved lower down her back, spreading Fumi's asscheeks apart. The Yuki-onna gasped as a soft tongue rimmed her asshole, pressing into her bowels and stirring pleasure through her body. Fumi loved having her asshole played with and Tarah's tongue was skilled, swirling around, stirring sweet pleasure through her.

"You smell so wonderful," moaned Naila, her lips kissing lower down Fumi's body. "I've never smelled something so sweet."

Fumi's fingers slipped from Naila's pussy as the Si'lat worked down her body. Naila's lips were hot, kissing across Fumi's stomach. She shivered, the Si'lat's tongue sliding through her bellybutton, hot and nimble as her twin's tongue probing Fumi's asshole.

Then the Si'lat's tongue found her pussy. Fumi shivered, a wave of pleasure rolling through her as the twin sisters licked and nuzzled at her flesh. She spasmed between the two women's mouths. She writhed in the darkness as her pleasure swelled. Her entire body tensed, hurtling towards her orgasm.

The pleasure burst through her. Lights danced before her sightless eyes as pleasure bombarded her body. She cried out a wordless, moan of passion. Her hands squeezed silk sheets as their tongues continued their frenzied feast of her flesh—licking, sucking, teasing—driving her orgasm to greater heights.

"You wonderful sluts!" Fumi gasped. "Keep licking me! Keep making me cum! Kyle should keep you two! Twin sisters would excite him so much!"

"Tarah, I'm so horny! She smells so good! I need her! I ache so bad!"

"Yes," groaned Fumi. "Need me! Ravish me!"

"Control yourself, Naila!" admonished Tarah, lifting her wonderful lips from Fumi's asshole.

"But she smells so wonderful. And her taste ... she's divine, sweet sister. Taste her."

Fumi shivered as the twins kissed, their lips smacking together. It was so wrong that they were kissing. Were they touching each other's bodies? Fumi wished she could see their innocent faces coming together into their incestuous kiss.

"Oh, Naila, that is delicious."

Naila giggled. "Feel what's she's done to me."

"I feel that," groaned Tarah while Naila let out a throaty purr.

"So good. I love it when you touch me there, dear sister."

"You sluts are driving me wild," Fumi moaned. "Oh, I wish I could see what you were touching."

Naila purred, "You naughty woman. I bet you do. Umm, I going to share it with you. I don't care the consequences. You made me so horny."

Curiosity burned in Fumi. "What are the consequences?"

"You'll love it," Tarah promised. "It'll be our secret."

Hands pushed Fumi onto her back, both twins roaming her body, groping her breasts. Both mouths sucked on her tits, the twins loving her nipple. Fumi's excitement grew, a delicious scent tingling her nose, arousing her hunger.

One of the twins mounted her, slipping between her thighs. Something hard brushed her pussy as the twin kissed her. Their breasts mashed together, their lips met. Fumi tasted her sweet pussy juices and knew she was kissing Naila.

And then a hard dildo was shoved into her pussy. Fumi moaned into Naila's hungry lips, the twin pumping away hard, fucking her with the strap-on. Where did she get it from?

Magic. She's a Djinn, like Aaliyah, just a different tribe. I bet she can conjure a sex toy when she's feeling randy.

"Oh, yes!" gasped Naila. "Oh, Tarah! Oh, yes!"

"Fuck her, sweet sister," Tarah panted.

"I am!"

Fumi's hips rose up to meet the dildo. It was the best fake cock Fumi had ever experienced. Her body was coming alive, her hunger growing, almost thinking Naila fucked her with a real cock. Fumi's arms wrapped around the slim Si'lat, her fingers digging into the young woman's back.

"I'm going to cum, sweet sister! I'm going to flood her pussy with so much cum!"

"What?" Fumi gasped, her orgasm nearing.

Naila buried into her. Cum erupted. Her pussy rejoiced at the flood of cum burning through her. Her Yuki-onna hunger devoured the life-giving cum. Naila gasped atop her, pumping more and more cum into her.

"Oh, yes! That's what I need!" gasped Naila, collapsing on her.

"You're alive!" Fumi moaned in relief. "Why aren't you dead?"

"Dead?" laughed Naila, rolling off Fumi.

Tarah mounted Fumi and she gasped for joy as a second cock entered her. These twin sisters were hermaphrodites. And they didn't die when they came in her. They weren't mortals. They were magical beings, immune from her Yuki-onna's curse.

"I want you both," groaned Fumi, hugging them tight. "You're the ones. You'll be my concubines!"

"I want that," moaned Naila. "You smell so wonderful. Like a Si'lat, but so much more intoxicating."

"I'm a Yuki-onna. A succubus!"

"You're bewitching us," gasped Tarah. "Oh, that's so wicked. Oh, yes! Bewitch me!"

Fumi squeezed her bubbly ass, pulling Tarah's cock deeper into her. Tarah gasped and grunted, her body spasming atop Fumi, and then that wonderful cum was flooding her. Her body rejoiced, orgasming hard as she consumed the Si'lat's potent seed.

"Oh, I am so keeping you two," moaned Fumi. "My own concubines. All the other wives have theirs."

"But you can't," whispered Naila. "Mother won't allow it."

"Why?" Fumi asked.

"Naila!" Tarah hissed. "What are you doing?"

"We can be hers," Naila answered. "Didn't she feel wonderful. Let's be hers."

"Why wouldn't your mother let you two be my concubines?" Fumi asked. "We can tell her you'd be Kyle's. My husband wouldn't mind. Trust me."

"That's not why," cried Naila, burying her face in Fumi's shoulder.

"Tell me."

Naila shook her head, sobbing hard.

Fumi pushed out her pheromones. She could affect them like she could men, twist them, get them to do what she wanted. "Just tell me," Fumi cooed, stroking her hair. "Let's figure this out."

"I can't," moaned Naila.

She pushed out her scent to Tarah, pulling the other sister to her. She kissed Tarah's forehead. "Tell me, Tarah. Then you can enjoy the delights of my pussy again. Don't you want that. Don't you want to feel your hard cocks inside me?"

"Yes," groaned Tarah. "You were so much more wonderful than being with any other woman. I want to taste you again."

"Then tell me," purred Fumi, letting her hands explore their bodies, teasing them, stroking them. "Just tell me."

Naila let out a strangled groan and shouted, "Mother is going to dominate Kyle and then deliver him to the Marid's."

A momentary panic flooded Fumi. "It's okay. Kyle won't fall prey. I've felt your kind's influence. It's not that strong."

"You don't understand," Tarah gasped. "Mother is so much more than us. She is the eldest of the Si'lat. Her skill has grown over the millennia."

Fumi rose up. Will Christy's enhancements to the concubines be enough to ward Kyle if Hawaa is so much stronger than the average Si'lat?

"It doesn't matter," Tarah sighed. "Mother will already have dominated him by now. He's her slave. She'll be whisking him and Aaliyah off to the Marid any time now."

"Not if I have any say in the matter," Fumi growled. "What did you do with my glasses."

"Glasses?" Naila asked.

"The green thing I wore on my face. I can't see without it!"

Naila pressed Windfeather into her hand and she formed it into a bow.

"You have mother's bow?" Tarah gasped.

"And I'm going to kill your mother with it if she thinks to steal my husband!"
Chapter 33 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 32 |   Bottom
Chapter 33: The Vision of Hecate
Posted: April 07, 2015 - 06:27:58 pm

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Friday, January 29th – Khoshilat Maqandeli, The Hidden Realm

Kyle stepped towards his bed, his mind trying to resist Hawaa binti al-Si'lat's influence. Hawaa lounged on the bed, her lush, mature beauty exposed to Kyle's hungry gaze. Large, dusky breasts rose up, topped by hard, dark nipples. Her hungry eyes fluttered, batting thick, black lashes at Kyle. Her thighs parted and her bush was matted by her excitement.

She was the Sheikha of the Si'lat and Kyle's preparations for dealing with her were failing. His concubines had been enhanced by Christy this afternoon, the bodies producing pheromones to counteract Si'lat magic. His hard cock was wet with Alexina's saliva. But it wasn't enough to ward him from the lust consuming his body for Hawaa.

"Come to me, handsome," purred Hawaa. "Let me feel your youthful passion. I need you to please my body."

Kyle should be the one in command. She was here to serve him, but he couldn't seem to fight her lust. He had thought Fumi's succubus-like pheromones were intense, but they paled compared to the strength of the most powerful of the Si'lat.

"You want to pleasure me, don't you? You want to give your strong body over to me. To submit to the beauty of my flesh."

Kyle wanted to say yes. He fought it, but he reached the bed, stretching out.

"That's it. Come to me." Her eyes had the hunger of a predatory cat.

This is wrong. I'm the one that takes. I'm the one that commands. I do not submit to a woman. They submit to me!

"Lie beside me." Hawaa patted the bed and Kyle stretched out, her hands stroking his hard muscles. "Umm, you are such a handsome specimen. You are going to give me such pleasure."

"N-n-no," he struggled to say. "Y-you will ... sub-submit ... to ... me..."

She laughed, her hand sliding up to his lips. "I think you'll find submission to be far more satisfying than domination. Relax and worship me. I know you want it. You burn to love me."

Kyle clamped his jaw shut, refusing to verbally give in even as his body succumb to her lust, burning beneath the touch of her fingers.

"Your mouth doesn't want to say nice things to me," she pouted. "Don't you want to tell me how beautiful I am?"

"You ... are ... beautiful," he gasped. "Like the sun."

"And you want to be burned by my radiance," she laughed. "To feel my heat upon your lips."

She shifted, rising up, her heavy breasts swaying as she straddled his face. She was winning, pressing her hot pussy down to his lips, the soft, dark pubic hairs brushing his cheeks. His tongue slid out, tasting her spicy flavor, more fire burning through him, compelling him to worship her.

"That's it! Put your mouth to it's proper work. Worship me! You are mine, Kyle."

"Master?" Chyna asked, fear in her voice as Kyle licked the Si'lat's pussy.

Aaliyah licked her lips, savoring Durra's pussy. The Si'lat lounged next to her, a big smile on her lips. Aaliyah looked around at the orgy, wondering which of Hawaa's daughters they should select to be Kyle's concubine and cement the Si'lat alliance.

Fumi burst into the room, flanked by Naila and Tarah, the dusky twins, and blinked. Cocks dangled between both twins thighs. They were hermaphrodites like Britney. Where did those dicks come from? They didn't have them when the orgy started. The cocks shrank back into small clits before Aaliyah's astonished eyes. Is this the secret to Si'lat reproduction. Are they all hermaphrodites?

"Why do you have cocks?" gasped Fatima, pointing at the shrinking dicks.

"That doesn't matter right now," Fumi called. "Concubines, seize the Si'lats!"

The Si'lat daughters of Hawaa all cried out in surprise as the Concubines swarmed them, grabbing them tight. Several tried to turn into whirlwinds to escape, but the enhancements Christy added this afternoon seemed to be working—the concubines could keep a Djinn from transforming into their elements.

"What is going on?" Aaliyah asked, rising up.

"Naila and Tarah told me their mother's true plan!" Fumi declared, holding up her bow Windfeather. "She plans on dominating our husband and handing him over to the Marids."

"Traitors!" cried Durra, squirming in Shannon's arms. But the concubine had a tight grip.

Fireheart flared to life into Fatima's hand. "That cunt."

Christy rose up, her body pale and flushed. "I wish for all of Kyle's wives to be transported to his side so we may pleasure him."

Aaliyah felt her dead father's commands allow her powers to activate. She could grant wishes that dealt with Kyle's hearth or harem, and bringing him women to provide pleasure definitely met that requirement, even if it was obvious that wasn't their true purpose for going.

Reality warped about them.

I can't give in. Kyle reminded himself as he pleasured Hawaa, struggling to think through the haze of the Si'lat's lust fogging his mind. I can't submit. I have to fight. I have to be strong. I am the Sultan.

"Chyna," he called out, pulling his lips from her pussy. "Ride my cock."

"Yes, Master," she purred.

Hawaa ground her pussy back down on his lips. He licked and sucked her, his mind buried beneath her passion. He couldn't think. He could only worship her. She was the most beautiful, perfect being in all creation. He was her slave. He had to—

Chyna's pussy engulfed his cock.

I am not her slave!

The pleasure of his concubine pussy about his cock was like a ray of sunshine breaking through the clouds of Hawaa's lust. A single, brilliant shaft that kept him from fully submitting to the Si'lat. Chyna worked her pussy up and down, shifting her hips from side to side. He groaned into the Si'lat's wonderful pussy, his tongue still compelled to worship her.

"Oh, Master," moaned Chyna as she rode him. "That's it. Your cock is wonderful."

"That's my cock," pouted Hawaa, shifting her hips. "Tell her to get off."

I can't.

His tongue slid through her spicy folds, the pleasure burning through him. His cock throbbed in Chyna's pussy. She squeezed his cock as she rose up; his concubine's pussy eager for a taste of his cum. He shuddered, groaning into Hawaa's cunt, his tongue wiggling deep into her pussy.

Kyle came.

"Master!" moaned Chyna, her pussy writhing about his cock. She came with her master, drinking up Kyle's cum. The pleasure was intense, driving away the Si'lat's cloudy passion. His thoughts were clear for one brief moment.

I need more warding.

Kyle pulled his lips from Hawaa. "Chyna, off my cock."

"Good," purred Hawaa. "Obey me."

"Toni, fuck me!" he gasped before the Si'lat drove her pussy down on his face to silence him.

"No, don't get on his cock," she hissed. "Go away, whore."

Toni was quick, the cheerleader nimble, leaping on his waist and slamming her tight, teenage snatch about his cock. She writhed and ground, her pussy tight and juicy. She rode him different than Chyna. Toni didn't go up and down as much, shifting her hips in circles and stirring his cock through her spongy flesh.

"You are spoiling all my fun, Kyle," moaned Hawaa. "Your concubines need to stop fucking you."

No. I need them.

Toni's pussy was a second ray of sunlight breaking through Hawaa's control on his thoughts. His hands seized his concubine's thighs, sliding up and down, feeling the muscles ripple as she fucked him. Toni gasped and mewled, the bed creaking as she fucked him faster and faster.

"I love your cock, Master! I love you! You made me submit! You can make every woman submit."

"Quiet, slut!" hissed Hawaa. "I'm very displeased, Kyle."

She pressed her pussy even harder on Kyle's mouth, grinding and sliding her sex about. Kyle drank her spicy juices, his tongue and lips nipping and sucking at her hard nub. Her delicious pussy stirred his passion, his balls frothing, his lust on overdrive, the Si'lat's pheromones burning through his body.

His cock throbbed. His balls tightened. He shuddered. Every muscle in his body tensed as he sucked hard on her nub. He couldn't believe how wonderful he felt. His body cried out in delight as his cum erupted into Toni's cunt.

"Oh, Master! Cum in me!"

"Stop wasting your seed on your whores!" hissed Hawaa. Her fingernails scratched at his stomach, leaving burning pain across his muscular torso. "Send them away! I want you all to myself. I don't want you ever fucking another woman's cunt."

"Fine," groaned Kyle, his words muffled by her cunt.

"You'll obey me."

"I'll send the whores away," Kyle gasped into her pussy.

Hawaa lifted her pussy from his face so his words could carry loud.

"But I have no whores. They're my concubines. Alexina, ride my cock. I want to feel your ass around my dick."

"Yes, Master."

Hawaa's pussy slammed down as she hissed in rage. He was almost suffocating beneath her spicy fragrance. She growled, reaching out to grasp his cock. Alexina was on the bed, straddling him. Hawaa pushed Kyle's still hard cock down against his stomach so Alexina couldn't fuck him.

"Let go of my Master's cock, whore," Alexina hissed.

"You little bitch," snarled Hawaa.

Alexnia did something that made Hawaa gasp in pain, the Si'lat's hand releasing his cock. Alexina's gentle hand grasped him, guiding the tip of his shaft to her asshole. "Oh, yes," she sighed as she sank her tight bowels about his cock. "I love you up my ass, Master."

"You'll regret that," hissed Hawaa. "Little slut."

"Master's slut," she moaned, working her ass up and down Kyle's cock. "Oh, Master! Your cock's so thick and hard."

The feel of her ass was driving more and more of the Si'lat's control away. Every time his cock buried into one of his concubine's holes, he gained more armor to protect from Hawaa's pheromones. His concubines girded him for battle with their hot, tight, wonderful holes.

Kyle savored her hot bowels sliding up and down his cock, lubed by Toni and Chyna's pussy cream. Alexina gasped and moaned as she worked up and down his cock. She loved it. She was a cock-loving whore. She was happy when she got to feel his cock buried into her.

"Master, Master, Master!" she moaned.

Hawaa's fingernails raked his stomach again. "I'm am going to make you pay for your defiance, my pet," she promised him. "Umm, but first you are going to make me cum with that mouth of yours. Keep licking me."

The pleasure built in his cock and he found his defiance returning. He pulled his tongue from her pussy. He stopped licking the Si'lat. He wasn't going to submit to her any longer. He was the stronger one. He was the Sultan and she was just a Si'lat whore that needed to learn her place.

"I'm gonna cum, Master!" Alexina gasped. "It was so hot watching Chyna and Toni fuck your cock. Umm, I love it!"

His fingers slid up her thigh and found Alexina's pussy, stroking her clit. Her bowels tightened on his cock. She slid up and then slammed down. Her body shook, her ass clenching about his cock, and a flood of juices erupted out of her pussy.

"Master! I love you!" she screamed.

Kyle's cock twitched as Alexina's ass massaged his sensitive tip. Another cum was building. His cock erupted deep into her bowels. Alexina groaned, a powerful spasm wracked her body, and she fell back, her ass slipping off his dick.

Hawaa grabbed his cock, squeezing hard. "You have been so bad. It's time for me to punish you." Pain flared. "Keep licking my pussy."

"No!" Kyle moaned, his hands reaching up, finding her stomach. She grabbed his balls; he twitched as she squeezed one, sharp pain shooting through him.

His fingers found her nipples. He pinched hard, tugging forward.

"Suck my cock, whore," he commanded, heaving with all his strength, stretching out her nipples as he pulled her down.

"Stop that!" she hissed in pain, her torso bending as he pulled her down.

"Suck my cock, you fucking bitch," Kyle command. "Open your whore mouth and clean Alexina's sour ass off my cock like a good, little slut."

"No. I'm in—" She gasped as his fingernail bit into her nipple.

"Submit, whore!" he growled. "You came here to serve your Sultan. Start serving."

She let go of his balls, crying in pain.

"Suck master's cock," Chyna hissed. "When Master gives you an order, you obey, whore."

"Obey, whore!" Toni added in commanding tone, her hand slapping down on the Si'lat's ass.

"Open her mouth up and force her," Kyle ordered.

"With pleasure, Master," purred Alexina.

"You tried to dominate our Master and failed, slut," Chyna hissed. "He's stronger than you are. Now submit or we will make you."

Another stinging blow landed on Hawaa's ass.

The Sheikha's mouth opened up and engulfed his dirty cock.

Kyle moaned as her tongue swirled about the tip, tasting his concubines' ass and pussies. More of her mouths lid down his cock, her warmth divine. The pain retreated from his balls as she sucked and bobbed her head.

"That's a good slut," purred Alexina. "See how nice that is."

Kyle wrapped his arms around Hawaa's body then rolled her onto her back, thrusting his tongue deep into her mouth, brushing the back of her throat. He had never fucked a woman's mouth while lying atop her, but he savored every moment of making Hawaa submit to him.

"Fuck, whore," he grunted, his cock slamming down her tight throat. She squirmed beneath him, moaning as he violated her throat. "Take my cock! This is what you get for trying to dominate me!"

"Punish the slut, Master," Toni moaned, stretching out beside him, her pretty face framed by her auburn hair.

Her lips leaned in and Kyle seized her head, pulling Toni in for a kiss. He fucked Hawaa's throat harder as he kissed Toni, her tongue exploring his mouth, tasting Hawaa's spicy pussy. Chyna or Alexina's mouth sucked at his heavy balls as he fucked the Si'lat's throat, adding another bit of pleasure to the fire coursing through his dick.

"Fuck that whore," moaned Alexina—it was Chyna sucking on his balls. "Cum down her throat."

The excitement at dominating the Si'lat burned through him. She had tried to beat him, but thanks to Christy's magic and his concubine's love, Kyle had bested her and he reveled in his victory. He broke his kiss with Toni, a shudder running through his body.

"I'm going to dump my cum down your throat, whore!"

He slammed his cock all they way down her throat. She moaned, her throat humming and constricting about his cock. Kyle shuddered, pleasure burning at the sensitive crown of his dick. His balls throbbed in Chyna's hungry lips.

Four thick blasts of cum pumped out of Kyle's mouth right down the whore's throat. She gasped and groaned, squirming beneath him as she was forced to drink his cum. Kyle shuddered with every pulse, her mouth sucking about his dick.

He didn't grow soft. Aaliyah's magic gave him stamina far beyond a normal human and he had to prove his domination over the slut.

He ripped his cock out. "On your belly, whore."

The Si'lat leader gasped and coughed, her dark eyes trembling. Fear and excitement warred in those dark pools. Kyle smiled, reading the emotions in her face. Hawaa's never been the weak one in bed before. She's never been helpless and afraid. She isn't prepared for how much being dominated excites her.

She rolled over.

"What are you going to do to me?" she moaned.

"Fuck your ass with my big, thick cock."

She shuddered. "No man has ever entered me there."

"Good." Kyle spanked her dusky ass hard, leaving a red handprint. "Reach behind you and spread your asscheeks apart like a good slut."

"No," she moaned. "I'm the Sheikha of the Si'lat. I will not let you violate me there."

Kyle smacked her ass. "And I'm your Sultan. You will obey me. I can see it in your eyes. You're just a submissive slut. You thought you were powerful, but deep inside you yearned for a man strong enough to make you his slut." Kyle smacked her ass a third time, bringing a wonderful cry from her lips. "Now obey your Master, slut!"

Her hands trembled as she reached behind her, spreading her dusky, reddening cheeks apart. Her asshole clenched as she panted, her hips writhing. Kyle draped his muscular body over her. His cock probed between her asscheeks, finding her sphincter.

"What were you going to do when you dominated me?"

"Nothing," Hawaa moaned, shaking her hips. "I was wrong to try. Please satiate your lust with my asshole."

"Not until you tell me your real plan," Kyle hissed, letting his cock nudge her backdoor. "What did you hope to accomplish?"

"I ... I..."

"Tell me, whore!"

"I was ... I can't say ... I was wrong!"

Kyle seized a fistful of her black hair, yanking her head around to face him over her shoulder. "Tell me!"

"I was going to give you over to Rashid!" she cried out, tears running out of her eyes. "Forgive me. I will be your most humble servant."

"You'll be my whore. My concubine."

"Your concubine?" she gasped. "But I'm a Sheikha."

"And my whore. My loyal concubine. Say it. I know your kind. If you are my concubine, you're bound to me. Otherwise I will destroy your people for your treachery today."

"I ... I'm your concubine," she surrendered with a throaty moan. "Fuck my ass, Master! I am so sorry for betraying you. Take your vengeance upon my body."

Kyle thrust his cock into her ass, her bowls velvet about his cock. He could feel her submission. She was his. Just like Aaliyah and Zaritha were. Their kind had rules; Hawaa would forever be his. He groaned as he slid his cock in and out of his newest concubine's virgin ass.

"Master," she moaned, her body shuddering beneath him. "Oh, Master. Your cock. It's so wonderful. Does my ass bring you joy?"

"So much joy," Kyle growled, fucking her harder, the bed rocking and creaking as he pounded the Si'lat's ass.

"Fuck her, Master," gasped Alexina as she fingered her ass hard beside him. Chyna and Toni where on the other side, sixty-nining and eagerly licking his cum out of each other's cunts. "Show her how much better being a concubine is!"

"So much better!" gasped the Si'lat. "Oh, Master! I was such a fool to try and betray you. Your cock is wonderful. Oh, wow. My ass is burning with your passion. I'm going to cum!"

Hawaa cried out "Master" as she came. Her ass convulsed about his cock. She bucked up to his thrusts, gasping and sobbing. He fucked her harder. His heavy balls slapped into her taint. Kyle grunted, his cock itching to cum.

"Take my cock, whore!" he grunted. "Take every inch you fucking slut!"

"Yes, Master! I am a slut! Your whore! Fuck me! Use me! Oh, yes! Give me your delight!"

Another cum rippled through her ass, massaging his cock with her bowel's velvet, hot grip. He shuddered, breathing in deeply—the room reeked of sweat, pussy, and cum. Such a wonderful bouquet of passion.

"Cum in her, Master!" gasped Alexina as she writhed in her own orgasm. "Do it! Flood the whore's ass!"

"Yes! Flood my whore ass!"

"I will! That's all your holes are good for. You're just my cum dump!" He slammed his cock all the way into her bowels. "Just a fucking whore!"

He loved that moment when his cock erupted. Every jet of cum that erupted sent a shiver of pleasure through him. He grunted through clenched teeth, then collapsed on his whore's back, breathing hard, his body dripping with sweat.

Aaliyah, Fumi, Fatima, and Christy appeared in the room, weapons out, fierce looks on their face. "Kyle!" cried Fumi. "She's trying to dominate you."

Kyle laughed. "I know. But I handled the whore. She's my concubine. We have our alliance."

"But..." Fatima protested. "We came to rescue you."

Kyle smiled at his wives as he pulled out her ass. "You are the best wives ever," he smiled, sitting on the edge of the bed and holding out his arms for them. "I love you all."

Their weapons vanished and Kyle scooped his four wives up in his arms.

"She planned on handing you over to the Marids," Fumi whispered.

"I know. She confessed," Kyle said, still breathing hard. "Chyna."

"Yes, Master."

"Hawaa needs to be disciplined. Until I say otherwise, a concubine is to spank her ass. Organize the rotation."

Hawaa squeaked in surprise. Kyle glanced at her and she bowed her head. "Yes, Master. I deserved to be punished for my treachery."

"Our bedroom is warded," Christy announced when she finished casting her spells with Sable and Phillipa's help, wiping beads of sweat. The spell had taken some energy out of the witch.

"We need to start planning. Two attacks from the Marids in a single day is a bit much. We need to seize the initiative." Kyle looked over at Zaritha. "You claimed to have the key to the Ifrit."

Zaritha nodded, standing up, her naked, dusky breasts jiggling.

"I have a question first," Fatima said, looking over at where Hawaa was bent over Ms. Capello's lap, gasping and sobbing as her ass was spanked. "Why do the Si'lat's have cocks?"

"We don't all have cocks," Naila whispered. She and her twin sister were huddled against Fumi. Their Japanese wife had claimed the two as her personal concubine, much like Sable was Christy's. "Only a few of us do. My twin and I were shunned by our mother for that defect."

"That's really not important, Fatima," Kyle growled, fixing his sister-wife with a hard stare.

"Sorry, big bro, I was dying to know." The smaller girl squirmed in Ann and Kayleah's embrace.

"I am glad we have satisfied your curiosity," Britney stated. "For we have far more pressing concerns. Zaritha, continue."

The Ifrit nodded. "Our Sheikh, Haleem ibn al-Ifrit pledged my people's support to the Marids."

"And upset the balance of power," Aaliyah sniffed. "Your Sheikh's disgraceful maneuver has propped up Rashid for a thousand years."

"Because I kidnapped Sheikha Kalila and imprisoned her," Zaritha answered. "Rashid keeps Haleem on a leash by threatening her life. But I am also the only one who knows where she is hidden. Not even Rashid knows. I held back from him, fearing he wouldn't need me anymore and would ... dispose of me."

"So if we free her, Haleem and the Ifrit's will support us?" Kyle asked.

"Yes, Master." She bit her lip. "It will not be easy to free her. It will take unity of the elements to unlock her prison."

Six shall be one, the Marid defeated. The old crone's words echoed in Christy's head and she frowned. It reminded her of something she had read.

"Unity of the elements?" Kyle asked.

"I imprisoned her beneath Jabal al-Dukhan."

Aaliyah gasped. "That is a terrible place."

Christy tried to concentrate on the conversation, but the crone's words itched at her mind.

"Why?" Kyle demanded.

"It is the Ghul's prison," Aaliyah answered.

"I thought it was more of an oubliette?" Britney asked. "A hole that people are thrown in and are never retrieved."

"It is," Zaritha answered. "To open the prison the four elements must unite. The Ghul possess none, that is why the prison is in their territory. There are many holes, but I know which pit she was thrown in."

"I assume there is some sort of guardian," Kyle sighed.

"The Ghul. We would need their Sheikh's agreement to set foot on the mountain."

"How did you get his agreement a thousand years ago?" Britney asked.

"I gave him a hundred fresh corpses from a battlefield. He was most appreciative."

Christy's stomach churned. "That is disgusting."

"They are Ghul's," she shrugged. "Disgusting fits them very well."

"What if we didn't have the Ghul's permission?" Kyle asked. "Christy can teleport us with her staff. Could we not zip in and out."

Zaritha cocked on eyebrow. "Perhaps. It could be risky. We might be attacked by the Ghul's while we were there. The locks can take a few minutes to open and the Ghul are allowed to feast on any mortals that wander into their territory. They will swarm if they smell fresh meat."

"I think we can handle that," Kyle shrugged. "The concubines have proven their skill."

"Thank you, Master," Lois smiled where she lounged with one arm around Alexina and the other around Mindy.

"If we do this, it must be during the day," Britney declared. "Ghul's are creatures of darkness. Look to Christy's staff for proof of that truth."

"Definitely. Ghul's are perilous at night," Zaritha agreed.

"Once we have the Ifrit's, do we try and get the Ghuls as allies?" Fumi asked. "They sound disgusting."

"The Ifrit's provide much of Rashid's power base," Britney said. "Once they are brought to our side, we shall have three tribes versus Rashid's one. Do we need them at point?"

"So we attack!" Fatima exclaimed, jumping up. "We can take the fight straight to Rashid and topple his stupid regime."

Kyle nodded. "Once we have the Ifrit, we crush Rashid and set the Djinn to right."

"It is a good plan," moaned Hawaa."

"Quiet," hissed Ms. Capello, landing another blow on her red ass.

"Then we should retire for the evening and strike at dawn," Aaliyah said.

"I think there is some research I need to do," Christy frowned, still puzzling over the crone's words. "Kyle, can you wish for my spellbooks I left behind? That should fall under hearth, right Aaliyah?"

Aaliyah nodded. "They are possessions of yours."

"Then I wish for them," Kyle said. "Why do you need them?"

Her books appeared in a neat stack. "I'm not sure. There's something I read that might be important. Sable, let's do some research."

"Sure, Mistress," her witch concubine smiled, scooping up the books. "On?"

"Unity."

Sahabah, The Hidden Realm

Faiza lounged in Rashid's study, her fingers idly stroking Makerah's chain on the shelf. Rashid frowned, pushing out his senses. He felt nothing. She wasn't imbuing Makerah's diamond chain with any magic, and yet her touch unsettled him.

"Have you thought more of my mistress's alliance?"

"I have," Rashid answered. Hecate would let him use Faiza—the dark goddess's servant and Kyle's mother—to defeat the upstart mortal. But only if he would marry her.

Rashid feared that almost as much as he feared Kyle. The youth was proving far more capable and resourceful than Rashid could ever have dreamed. Four of his deadly Unbound had been defeated. Only Makerah was still left, and the Marid Unbound refused to leave Sahabah to hunt Kyle down.

But he didn't have to marry Faiza yet. He still had other moves to make. Hawaa, ruler of the Si'lat, even now attempted to gain control of the youth. No mortal could withstand her seductive prowess. The Si'lat were the most skilled temptresses in the universe and Hawaa was the most skilled of the Si'lat.

Faiza turned to Rashid, her beauty stirring Rashid's cock. "And have you made a decision?"

"I have not run out of options," he answered.

"So Hecate's alliance is your last resort?" A grin played along her lips.

"Yes."

She let out a delightful laugh. "What other surprises do you have to spring on the youth? Makerah hides in your palace. Who do you think will stop him?"

Rashid gave her his own smile; he did not let any of the turmoil raging in his depth to ripple his confidence. "The Ifrit will stop him. None of the Djinn are more martial than they are."

"Yet they cannot kill a mortal. Not without ... consequences. I doubt there is an Ifrit that wishes to be Unbound. Aljhim was unique. He did not care about the consequences to his soul so long as he could burn."

"You are very informed," Rashid nodded.

"Hecate has her followers everywhere. Even in your court."

"The Ifrit can fight mortals. They just can't kill them. Kyle will be hard pressed against an army of them. They can capture and defeat him."

"Then why haven't you unleashed them?" Her mocking tone stung Rashid.

"Because he is in the Jann territory. The laws of our people are quite complicated."

"How tiresome." Faiza sat down, crossing her wonderful thighs. "Your people have so much power, it is a shame you are so hamstrung."

"And Hecate is not? She has to use Mortal followers to exert influence, hoping they will cast the right spells and choose the right actions. Our power is no different. The Djinn just have to be channeled properly. No, the Ifrit are best used in Sahabah. Here, all the Djinn are equals. They will be my last line of defense."

"Of course, Kyle has Zaritha."

Rashid's expression almost broke. "So?" His insides churned. Does Hecate know my darkest secret?

"The Ifrit are hardly yours so long as she can produce Kalila." Faiza laughed. "And you do not even know where Kalila is hidden."

Damn Zaritha! I should have killed her a thousand years ago so Kalila could never be freed.

Faiza smile grew. "But I know where she is hidden."

Rashid's calm broke and he gaped. "How?"

"Hecate is the mother of Prophecy. Her Daughter can see many hidden things."

"Where is she?" Zaritha had always held back telling him, insuring Rashid would continue to need her services. I should have tortured it out of the bitch.

"Marry me."

If the Si'lat whore succeeds, it won't matter.

"I must think on it."

"Hecate is growing impatient with your stalling."

A knock rapped his door. "Enter," Rashid called.

"There is a message from the sands, noble Sultan," a Marid servant said when he entered, bowing deep.

Rashid nodded. A message from the sands meant word from his spy, the Jann Vizier. Sayid knew to send a message only when it was most vital. He took the sealed scroll from his servant, cracking the gold wax and unfurled it.

The Si'lat have joined with Kyle. Hawaa made a power play this evening, but Kyle dominated her. She is now his concubine. A secret meeting was held in his room. I could not learn what was discussed. Ishtar's magic warded the room. One of Kyle's wives and two concubines are witches. Zaritha intimated that she could deliver the Ifrit earlier. I fear that is Kyle's next move.

Rashid crumpled the note, water dripping from his hand and washing away the ink before he threw the sodden mess to the floor.

"Hawaa failed?" Faiza asked, raising her eyebrow.

Rashid was hardly surprised she knew about that. He had no choice. "We shall marry, Faiza. Where is Kalila held?"

Faiza stood, her fingers lifting the hem of her dress. "Once you've consummated our marriage," she purred. Her breasts were lovely, firm, and dusky. Her skirt fell off her hips, her black bush neatly trimmed, dripping with her desire. "This body is a virgin."

"How can you be Kyle's mother and remain a virgin?"

"I died and was reborn," she answered walking towards him, her hips shaking. "Do you take me as your first wife, Rashid ibn al-Marid, Sultan of the Hidden People?"

"I do," he declared, his cock rising in his blue pantaloons.

She grabbed his white beard, pulling him up to his feet. Her hands stroked his firm flesh, sliding down to his groin. Her touch burned him. His cock hardened as she pressed into the silk, grasping his hardening shaft and stroking him as his silk pantaloons fell to the floor.

"So excited for my flesh," she purred, pressing her lithe body against him. Her breasts were soft on his chest, her nipples hard. Her lips found his and her kiss was as sweet as honey. It had been centuries since he had been with a woman. All his concubines had long since bored him and his wives were shriveled hags that waged petty wars for dominance of the harem.

But Faiza was so new and exciting.

"Take me to your bedchamber, my husband," she purred. "I want to make us one flesh."

Her words churned fear inside him, a great, dark tide that dragged his heart down. But he had no choice. The Ifrit could not be freed from his control. Then Kyle would come for him and would sweep his Marid away without any effort. His tribe were scholars not warriors.

He turned into a whirling mist, engulfing Faiza's form. His misty waters caressed every part of her body as he carried her. He flowed across her round breasts, playing with her wonderful nipples while his water wrapped around her limbs, sliding between fingers and toes. She shivered and gasped as he caressed her with his wet touch. He slid between her groin, gathering the droplets of her tart passion.

Her pussy juices spread through his being. His mist tasted her everywhere. Her salty sweat, tart cunt, sour ass. Flowery perfume adorned her body and sweet unguents graced her hair. He played with every part of her body.

"Oh, my husband," she moaned as her body convulsed as he carried her. She shook in his watery embrace. "Yes, yes! Touch me. Love me! Oh, yes!"

More of her juices flooded out, joining his mist, as she came. He delighted in her musk, swirling her passion through his entire being. He worked harder against her pussy, drawing out more of her juices, prolonging her shudders.

"You are amazing," she moaned as he sat her down on his bed, his body reforming out of the mist. He could smell her tart juices with every breath. His skin was covered in her passion. "No man has ever loved me so well."

Her thighs spread as she writhed on his blue silks. "Take me, my husband. Claim what is yours. Unite with Hecate and your reign will be unstoppable."

His cock was thick and hard, jutting before him. She grasped it, stroking him with her wanton hands. He fell between her thighs, eager to experience her flesh. He lowered his mouth, sucking a hard nipple between his teeth.

"Oh, yes. You know how to please a woman. Umm, that's it. Yes, my husband."

Her hand stroked him harder, bringing him to his full girth. Her legs wrapped around his hips, pulling him towards her pussy. She was eager for his cock. He nudged her wet folds. She was hot, burning for his cock.

She rubbed the tip through her labia, pressing it against her maidenhead. This body was untouched by any man save for him. He pushed forward, not fast, he wanted to enjoy breaking her purity. She shuddered, moaning in pain as he pressed against her elastic hymen.

It broke.

The head of his cock popped in.

She shuddered, moaning in pain and pleasure.

He pressed his cock deeper, her flesh wrapped tight about his cock, giving way before his dominance. Her legs pulled him in, her flesh embracing him as she surrendered to her husband. She shuddered, arching her hips up, eager to feel more of his girth.

"My husband!" she moaned. "Fuck me! Unite with me!"

His cock bottomed out inside her. She was wonderful, hot, amazing. He had never felt anything like it. No pussy had ever gripped his cock tighter, surrounded him with more spongy flesh. She squeezed down, her pussy contracting about him, pulsing and massaging him.

"You whore!" he groaned. "Your pussy is experienced."

"Only this body is new," laughed Faiza. "I know how to please a man."

Her hips undulated beneath him, rolling her hot sheathe about his cock. He groaned, his hips drawing back and thrusting. An ache boiled in his balls and gathered at the tip of is cock. He had to satisfy this amazing pleasure. He had to revel in her flesh. She was so amazing. There was nothing he wanted more than to flood her pussy.

Her fingernails bit into his back as she moaned and writhed beneath him. "Fuck me, my husband. Oh, yes! Pour your seed into me. I need it!"

He rutted atop her, growing more and more vigorous as he pumped away. Their flesh slapped, his heavy, cum-laden balls cracking into her taint. Their mouth met, tongues dueling as his passion mounted.

His thrust grew frantic. He was on the verge of cumming. Every muscle in his body tensed. He wasn't going to stop. He needed his release. His back arched as he drove his cock into the very depth of her body, brushing her cervix.

And he came.

A flood of cum erupted, pumping in mighty pulse after might pulse. Centuries of backup spunk was unleashed, overflowing her vessel. She shuddered, her dark eyes squeezing shut as she found her own orgasm.

"My husband!" she purred. "We are one!"

His body shuddered, electric pleasure shot through him. His mind was lost in the bliss. He gasped and moaned, then collapsed atop her. He couldn't think of anything. He had never been so satiated in all his life.

His cock already grew hard for a second taste.

But I need to make plans to stop Kyle.

"Where is Kalila?" he panted.

"Jabal al-Dukhan," she answered.

"Servant," he bellowed, his cock hardening in her wonderful embrace, his hips thrusting again.

A Marid entered, his eyes downcast. "Yes, wise Sultan."

"Send a message to Tariq ibn al-Ghul. A banquet will enter his realm soon. He has my permission to eat every last one of the mortals with Kyle. They will be at Jabal al-Dukhan."

"The message will be sent at once," the servant bowed.

"As fast as possible. It must be in Tariq's hand before dawn."

That's when Kyle would go. The Ghul hate the day. They will disappear into their holes as the sun rises.

"Does my husband have a second wind," purred Faiza, her fingers caressing his back.

"And maybe even a third," he grinned. "You make me feel so young."

"Roll on your back, and I will show you more of my delights," she purred.

Rashid gasped and groaned as his new wife writhed atop him, her wonderful breasts bouncing. Tariq will kill Kyle while I fuck his mother. Rashid had never been happier.
Chapter 34 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 33 |   Bottom
Chapter 34: The Prison of the Sheikha
Posted: April 25, 2015 - 05:52:10 pm
Updated: May 10, 2015 - 11:58:48 pm

Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Saturday, January 29th – Khoshilat Maqandeli, The Hidden Realm

Christy poured over her spellbooks. Six shall be one, the Marid defeated. The old, Jann's prophecy echoed in her mind, teasing her with some half-remembered spell she had read in one of the spellbooks Alice Bailey had penned.

Sable yawned beside her, covering her mouth with her hand. "Oh, sorry, Mistress."

It was late. The two witches sat in the antechamber of Kyle's quarters. The door was guarded by three separate homunculi. Aaliyah conjured the one made of gust, gripping a thick sword, Zaritha's made of crackling fire that filled the room with flickering lights, and the newest concubine, Hawaa, created the whirling tornado shaped like a coiled serpent.

"Find anything?" Christy muttered, rubbing at her own, sandy eyes. It was probably past midnight. Kyle, their wives, and most of the concubines had retired to sleep. A few patrolled his quarters, making sure they were all safe.

Can we ever be safe as long as Rashid wants us all dead?

Twice today they had been attacked. Two unbound Djinn had taken over the palace and unleashed its defenses on Christy's family. Then Hawaa, the leader of the Si'lat, had attempted to dominate Kyle last night. Her domination had failed, and now the mature beauty was Kyle's newest concubine.

"You look tired, Mistress," Shannon smiled, stepping naked into the room. She had a mature grace, her breasts large and ripe, milk beading her dark nipples. Like the other concubines, Christy had enhanced Shannon with abilities: she was fast, strong, and agile. She could grasp a Djinn and hold onto them while they were in their elemental forms, and her body could secrete pheromones to counter Si'lat's sexual domination.

And Christy gave a few of the more endowed women lactating breasts.

"I'm fine. I need to find this. I feel it's important."

Shannon sat down next to Christy, her breasts jiggling, a bead of milk running down her heavy breast. "You need a pick me up," she smiled, her finger sliding up to her left breast and tracing her areola. "Something to stimulate you and keep you focused."

Christy licked her lips. "A midnight snack would be nice."

Shannon ran her fingers through Christy's brunette curls, pulling the younger teen's face closer to her heavy breast. Christy's mouth opened, her tongue slid out and swirled about her fat nipple, gathering the sweet milk. The flavor exploded on her lips. It was just so juicy and wonderful.

Her lips sealed tight about the nipple. Shannon stroked her hair as Christy suckled. Warm milk squirted into her mouth, the creamy delight swirling about. Christy groaned, swallowing, the warm, mother's milk sliding down into her stomach. She sucked harder, drinking more and more breast milk down.

This is the best idea I've ever had.

Soft hands touched Christy's hips. Her concubine, Sable, lifted her up and Christy let the concubine guide her into a kneeling position. Lips kissed Christy's asscheek, teeth lightly nibbling. She nursed harder, sucking down the milk as Sable's lips kissed across her round butt.

"I love you, Mistress," Sable moaned. The woman had no choice—Sable took the full blast of a Love Elemental's attack, forever twisting her mind to love Christy. It was Sable's own fault for attacking Christy. "Your body is divine. I love kissing." Her lips pressed into Christy's butt-crack. "And licking." Her tongue slid warm and wet through the crack, brushing Christy's sphincter. "And rimming you."

Christy moaned around the fat nipple as her concubine's lips kissed and nuzzled at her asshole. Sable's tongue swirled about, then pressed in, worming bit by bit into Christy's tight bowels. The pleasure stirred through her, adding to the savory treat Shannon's milk-laden tits provided.

"She is going to town on you, Mistress," purred Shannon, stroking her fingers through Christy's brunette hair. "Oh, my, she is really loving your ass."

"Uh-huh," groaned Christy around the concubine's fat nipple. "So good." She kissed over to Shannon's other tit, eager for more breast milk. A shiver of pleasure ran through her; Sable's finger traced up Christy's inner thigh towards her dripping pussy. "She's such a good slut."

"Thank you," purred Sable. "I love you so much."

The slut's tongue dived deeper into Christy's ass and her fingers reached Christy's pussy. They were gentle and teasing, stroking up and down Christy's plump, flushed vulva. Christy squirmed, the pleasure swelling inside her. She nursed harder, devouring as much of Shannon's delightful treats as she could, the milk warming her belly.

Sable thrust two fingers into Christy's pussy, stirring her up. Christy's sheath clenched about them, the pleasure growing inside her. Sable's tongue swirled through her asshole, the duel pleasures meeting in Christy's core, feeding upon each other.

"I'm going to make you cum so hard," purred Sable, her finger curling, sliding along the wall of Christy's pussy. Nerves ignited and Christy's body spasmed when Sable found her G-spot. The slut massaged the bundle of nerves, sending waves of pleasure crashing through Christy's body.

"Oh, yes!" she moaned, her lips falling away from Shannon's teat as ecstasy roared through her. "Finger me, slut! You're making me cum!"

Christy trembled as she knelt, Shannon's hands cupping her face. A dark nipples brushed her lips. She latched on, sucking hard and reveling in the warm milk as her orgasm burned through her. When Sable's finger withdrew, she was left with wonderful bliss.

"That was a good cum, Mistress," purred Shannon. "Umm, I bet you loved that."

"She's going to love the next part," Sable smiled.

Sable rustled behind Christy and the suckling teen wondered what her concubine was up to. But she didn't want to stop enjoying the breast milk. It made her feel so loved and warm. It was hard to worry about the prophecy when she had a nipple between her lips.

Something hard thrust into her pussy.

Her back arched as her cunt gripped the dildo plunging in. It had three ridges that caressed the inside of her pussy and small bumps that teased her nerves. Sable's hands gripped her hips, the dildo drawing back and slamming in deep.

She's wearing a strap-on.

Christy moaned, thrusting her hips back into the thrusting dildo. Her pussy squeezed down, the ridges adding such wonderful spice to the strength of Sable's thrusts. Flesh slapped together as Christy worked her hips, swirling the fake cock around to touch all the wonderful parts inside her.

"Fuck her," groaned Shannon. "She sucks so hard when you thrust in. Oh, Mistress. Keep nursing from me. I love it! The pleasure shoots right down to my pussy."

Christy nipped Shannon's hard nipple with her teeth, then sucked another mouthful of warm milk into her mouth. Shannon quavered and gasped, her fingers tightening in Christy's hair. The concubine was cumming just from being nursed.

That made Christy so happy.

Christy's pleasure swelled inside her, churned by Sable's wonderful thrusts. She let go of the nipple, Shannon falling back on the ground as she writhed. Christy looked over her shoulder. Sable looked so happy, her honey-blonde hair flying around her shoulders and her round breasts bouncing up and down.

"Fuck me, slut! Make me cum so hard!"

Sable's hands tightened on Christy's hips; her thrust hammered away. "Yes, Mistress! I love you. I live to please you."

"You're pleasing me so much!"

Sable's green eyes flashed. Her back arched. "I'm cumming, Mistress! I'm so happy! Oh, yes!"

Her thrusts grew erratic, but she kept pumping as her bliss shuddered through her. Christy slammed her hips back, squeezing her pussy tight around the dildo. The ridges stirred her nerves up, every thrust bringing her a little closer to erupting.

"Fuck me! You're my whore! You'll do whatever the fuck I tell you to!"

"Yes! Yours, Mistress! Always yours!"

Sable buried the dildo into Christy's cunt.

Her orgasm exploded.

Bliss pummeled her mind. Stars danced before her eyes. She gasped and moaned, falling to the floor in a quivering ball of feminine delight. Sweat drenched her breasts, her chest heaved as she sucked in lungfuls of air.

"That was what I needed."

Sable pressed against Christy, the wet dildo brushing Christy's hip. The concubine kissed her mistress on the lips and the pair held each other. Finally, Christy forced herself to sit up and grab the book.

"Let's get back to work."

Kyle woke up in the middle of the bed, surrounded by women. Most of his concubines and wives were piled on the expanded bed. Aaliyah tampered with the room, making it bigger so the extended bed could fit.

He crawled out of the pile, trying to be careful not to disturb anyone, his cock half-hard. By the curtained openings that led out into the garden stood Lois and Chyna, both concubines nodded to him as they guarded the room.

He needed to pee, and he wondered which concubine he would use.

"It is so strange," a voice whispered in the dark.

Hawaa leaned against the wall staring at the bed.

"What is?" Kyle asked, padding over to her.

"Your harem. All your women enjoy being around each other." She looked at the bed. "I've never heard of a harem where the women loved each other. They all plot and scheme, wanting to be their husband's most favored. It didn't matter if they were concubines or wives."

"My wives know I love them equally, and the concubines enjoy their submission to me." Kyle grinned. "I wouldn't brook any backbiting. I want this."

"And I am just supposed to join in," Hawaa sighed. "I am just supposed to love you and your women."

Kyle stroked her face. "Yes. Because that's what I want." She turned her face away and he seized her chin, forcing her dark eyes to look at him. "You are mine. You submitted to me. I can do what I want to you. So you'll enjoy the delights being one of my women brings. You will savor your time with my wives and concubines, loving them like you love me."

She bit her lip. "Do I love you?"

"You love being submissive to me," Kyle grinned. "It's a start. Now fall to your knees."

"You want me to suck your cock."

"After you drink my piss."

Her dark eyes widened. "What ... Master?"

His fingers tightened. "Fall to your knees, put your mouth about my cock, and drink every drop, whore."

His eyes were intense, firm. He would brook no rebellion from her. She saw it, trembling in his grip, then she fell to her knees and the Sheikha of the Si'lat opened her mouth and engulfed his cock, her tongue hot as it swirled about the tip.

Kyle relaxed his bladder. He groaned, his acrid piss flowing into her mouth. She gasped, swallowing as his urine flooded her mouth. It was so obscene listening to her wet swallows and watching urine escape out the corners of her lips. She was submitting to him.

His cock grew hard.

"Drink it, whore," he hissed. "That's it. That's a good, fucking slut. You are mine. I will use you how I please. You'll drink my or any of my wives' piss."

She moaned her submission, swallowing another mouthful of piss.

The stream dwindled and died. His hands gripped the side of her face, his cock thrusting deep into her mouth. His balls smacked her chin as he fucked Hawaa's face. Her hands reached around his waist, seizing his muscular ass, pulling him in deeper.

"You're eager for my cum," he groaned, caressing her temple with his thumb as his cock slid down her throat. "That's good. I love an eager slut."

She moaned about his cock, swallowing, her muscles massaging the head of his cock as he thrust deeper down her throat. Her lips were pressed into his curly pubes. He loved it. There was something beautiful about a woman submitting to his power.

His cock drew back and he slammed it in deep. "Take it! Take every inch!"

She groaned, sucking harder.

Kyle's balls tightened. His cock itched. He closed his eyes and grunted. Hot cum shot out, his body shuddering with bliss with every pulse, shooting right into his slut's stomach. He buried his cock all the way into her throat, holding her head still as a second and third pulse flooded out of his cock.

"Drink it all, slut!" he groaned. "Fuck!"

A fourth, weak pulse erupted and Kyle let out a deep breath. He pulled his cock out. "I hope I pleased you, Master," Hawaa purred, her tongue flashing out to lick up the mix of cum and piss that stained her lips.

"Yes, you did, slut," Kyle panted. "Now go and join the harem on the bed."

She glanced at the pile of sleeping women and nodded. She stood, went to the bed, and climbed on, pressing against Fumi's back, resting her head down. Kyle looked at the bed and didn't see Christy. Is she still reading her spell books?

Kyle stepped into the antechamber, passing through a yellow, silk curtain. Sable lay curled naked on the floor, her head resting on a book. Christy sat cross-legged, leaning naked over a large book spread out before her.

"Come to bed," Kyle said.

Christy started, letting out a squeak. "Kyle! Goddess, but you surprised me."

He smiled at her, kneeling down and closing her book. "That can wait until later. You're going to need your rest."

She looked up at him, a defiant cast crossing her eyes, then she yawned.

"You're clearly tired."

"It's important," she muttered.

"I know." Kyle reached out, scooping her up into his arms. "But so is what we do tomorrow."

She put her arm around his shoulders, smiling as he carried her. "You're right."

Her firm breast pressed against his chest, her nipple hardening. Her smile grew and she leaned up to kiss him on the lips. Her kiss was quick, but hot, sending a shiver that raced through him right to the tip of his hardening cock. He set her down on the bed between a pair of sleeping concubines—Toni and Mindy—and slid on top of her.

"Umm, this is nice," she purred, her body writhing beneath him, her legs parting. "I do love the feel of your solid body atop mine."

Her legs wrapped around his hips, pulling him in to her. He groaned, shuddering as her pussy engulfed his shaft. She let out a satisfied moan, her hips writhing beneath him. His hips were slow, gentle, trying not to wake up the entire bed with their antics.

Her pussy milked him, writhing about with wonderful pleasure. He buried into her, letting her squeezing cunt work his cock. It was so nice. He nuzzled at her neck, her legs hooking about his, sliding up and down.

"Umm, your cock's so nice," she purred, clenching her pussy down and relaxing.

"So nice," Kyle agreed, his eyes closing, savoring her sweet embrace. "I could stay like this forever."

"Liar," she giggled. "You'd miss all the other cunts in this room."

He dozed atop her. Christy's cheek pressed against his. Her breathing grew softer, and she drifted off to sleep his cock impaled in her. He kissed her cheek, closing his eyes. His cock was hard and nestled in a warm, wonderful spot. Sleep stole over him and he drifted off.

He dreamed of his mother beneath him, crying out how much she loved him and missed him. His cock throbbed in her wonderful embrace. He held her tight, not wanting to ever let her go. "I love you, mom."

"I'll always love you, Kyle," she moaned, stroking his back. "Hold me!"

His pleasure swelled and he came as he clutched her hard. Then she billowed away.

Kyle gasped awake, his cock erupting into Christy's pussy.

"I'm sorry, mom," he whispered, pulling away from Christy and his women, sitting on the edge of the bed. "I'd do anything to get you back."

He sat there brooding for a few minutes when Britney stepped into the room. "It is time to get ready."

Kyle looked up at her, pushing down his grief. He couldn't afford to be weak. "All right."

Hecate commanded and her vessel had to obey.

Faiza's piteous cries and moans couldn't reach the goddess. The woman was powerless. She had accepted to be Hecate's vessel. It didn't matter that her memory had yet to return after the trauma of her rebirth.

She was Hecate's puppet now.

The vessel left Rashid slumbering, spent from his repeated use of Faiza's body. Cum dripped out of the woman's holes. More degradation heaped on Faiza's soul. Hecate's plans were proceeding, but Rashid was proving far more stubborn than she had hoped.

"You shouldn't walk through the halls naked," Makerah said, striding out of the darkness.

The handsome, unbound Marid leered at Hecate. "I am the Sultana now," she made Faiza say. "I can walk how I please."

Makerah's deep-blue eyes flickered down, his smile growing as he witnessed his father's cum running down Faiza's thigh. "Well, you pleased him, anyway. You earned your position."

Hecate heard the whore even though he didn't say it. "I did please him." Faiza's voice had a purring timbre that every man seemed to respond to. She was the perfect vessel for this goal.

Makerah's hand was bold as he reached out and seized Faiza's breast, giving the heavy melon a squeeze; Hecate delighted in the shiver of pleasure that ran through her vessel's body.

"You shouldn't touch your father's wife."

He laughed like the booming surf. "I seize what I want."

"Isn't that how you became unbound?" Hecate purred through Faiza. "You tried to seize what belonged to your father. And once again, you make that mistake."

"I only take what is freely offered," he grinned, thumbing Faiza's dusky nipple. "And you want to offer me every delight that my father took."

"Every delight." Another shudder passed through Faiza's body as he rolled her nipple. "You can take whatever you want from me."

Rashid was cold and calculating, the very soul of a Marid. But Makerah was Unbound, a shattered Marid. Caution, forethought, calculation were all missing from him, drained out when his violation of Djinn law shattered him.

He could be useful if the father proves intractable.

The process had all ready begun. Her tendrils of influence were worming through Makerah's body faster than through Rashid. The Sultan resisted her subtlety on some, deep level. But Makerah wanted to revel in her body and experience all that she had to offer without thought of the consequences.

But my opportunities to imprint him will be small. If Rashid found out his new wife had cuckolded him, Hecate doubted he would react well. Their alliance may not be shattered, but Makerah would be dealt with and Hecate would find her vessel on a far shorter leash.

"It's a shame you're not strong enough to challenge your father," Hecate made Faiza purr, forcing the woman to stroke his muscular chest. "I would rather be your Sultana than your boring, aged father's."

"Did he pass out in the middle of fucking you?"

"And left me so frustrated." She made Faiza squirm and let out a throaty moan. "I need a real man, not a limp, senile husk."

Makerah seized Faiza's hand, thrusting it down his pantaloons to seize his hard cock. "Is this what you need?"

"That's not strong enough for me. I need a man that is stronger than my husband." She made Faiza lean in and whisper into Makerah's ear, "But you could be. With my help."

He shuddered as her vessel squeezed his cock. "What help?"

"I am a witch. I serve Hecate. I could enhance you. Make you far more than just a Marid." "How?" Such greed was in his voice. Such lust for power. He wasn't thinking. He didn't consider what hidden snares surrounded Hecate's tasty treat.

"You would need to surrender your essence into my hands. I would have to mold you." She made Faiza pull his cock out, bringing it to her dripping pussy. "I would have to touch every part of you and make you so much more."

He thrust his cock into her vessel; Hecate savored the rush of pleasure. "And I could defeat my father."

"Oh, yes!" she moaned through Faiza, reveling in the pleasure that cock churned through her vessel. Faiza's body reacted, writhing instinctively into his thrust. "Open yourself up to me. Let me touch your core. You'll enjoy it as much as my cunt."

"You whore!" he gasped. "Give it to me! I want everything you possess! I'll take it all. You can do what you want to me!"

Hecate gasped for pleasure, a climax racing through her vessel's body. She had his consent. As Faiza's pussy massaged and convulsed about Makerah's thrusting cock, her tendrils drove deeper into him, changing him, molding him.

Conditioning him to her control.

He crushed her against the wall, the power of his thrusts growing as she rummaged through the Unbound Marid's essence. He sucked at Faiza's neck, grunting like a wild animal. Faiza ached with the strength of his thrust, a pleasant pain that mixed with the pleasure of his cock.

"Cum in me!" Hecate moaned through Faiza, a second, delicious orgasm wracking her body. "Give everything to me!"

Makerah slammed into Faiza. His cock throbbed. Hot cum pumped into Faiza. His essence. Makerah would be all hers. She let the bliss wash through her. If Rashid should fail her needs, his replacement waited.

"Yes!" she cried out. Such power was within her grasp. The Hidden Realms would be hers.

Killing Kyle would merely be a bonus.

Zaritha wove the image of Jabal al-Dhukan out of crackling fire. It rose out of the barren, red waste of the Ghul lands. A single, rearing mountain. Its slopes were the same, rust red as the rest of the wastelands, but its summit was scorched black. It was like some great fire had consumed the top of the mountain.

Britney leaned closer, examining the slopes, looking at the terrain. It was open. There were very little folds or wrinkles to the mountain. No canyons or draws. It was almost a symmetrical cone rising out of the land.

"It is not natural," she said.

"It was built," Zaritha agreed. "A prison for the most powerful and dangerous beings. Only the union of all four elemental powers can open it. Anyone can be thrown in, but the five Djinn tribes have to agree to release the prisoner."

"I thought we only needed the four elements," Fumi said. "I know we have Christy's staff giving us access to the Ghul's element."

"The Ghul guard it. They determine who can approach it. But with Christy's staff, we can bypass their roaming packs that haunt the wastelands and appear upon the summit. Hopefully, they will have no idea we are coming."

"I don't think our luck is that good," Kyle grunted.

Zaritha raised her eyebrows. "Have you offended Tyche?"

Kyle frowned. "Who?"

"Luck goddess," Christy answered.

"That is why we should always plan for the worse," Britney said. "We shall assume the Ghul's will come to defend the mountain. Where do we have to be to free Kalila?"

"Here," Zaritha said, pointing to the south slope. Her image enlarged, showing of a more detailed area of the rocky slope. Set into the mountain's slope was an iron disk. "That is the prison door. All four elements must be directed into it at the same time. The locks will turn and Kalila will be freed."

"All right," Kyle nodded. "Concubines will form the perimeter. Aaliyah, Zaritha, and Hawaa will conjure homunculi."

"The mountain isn't our home," Aaliyah whispered. "I cannot form my homunculi away from our hearth."

"Well, I want to rescue a hot Ifrit and I want the place well guarded so that I may take my pleasure upon her body right there on the rocky waste."

"Sex is really the great go around to your limitations, Aaliyah," laughed Fatima.

"Kalila will burn your cock off, Master," snorted Zaritha. "She is ... feisty."

"How did you imprison her?"

"Treachery," Zaritha answered. "I placed an emerald necklace about her throat."

Aaliyah shuddered. "That is similar to what Christy used on me."

"Sorry," Christy muttered.

"You are forgiven," Aaliyah said. "Emerald gemstones rob us of thought. We cannot control our physical bodies and fall into a coma."

"How fascinating," murmured Britney. "Diamond keeps you from teleporting and transforming into your essence, sapphire blocks your telepathy."

"What does a ruby do?" asked Fatima.

"Block telepathy," Aaliyah answered.

"That's weird. It does the same thing as sapphire."

"A ruby is a type of sapphire," Britney corrected. "The color comes from various impurity in the crystal."

"Oh."

"I can teleport us here," Christy announced, rising up. "I have a good fix in my mind."

"Let's get in and out as fast as possible," Kyle said as he touched Christy.

Britney reached out and placed her arm on Christy's other shoulder. Phillipa's trembling hand touched Britney's free hand. Britney gave her mate a squeeze, flashing Phillipa a reassuring smile over her shoulder.

The concubines pressed in, all reaching out to touch someone. Britney felt a pair of hands on her back. She may not be one of Kyle or his wives sexual partners, but the Rakshasa was still glad to be apart of this caring family.

"Do it, Christy," Kyle ordered.

Space warped around them. Britney marveled at the non-euclidean geometry her brain tried to interpret as Christy transported them. Her entire body felt compressed, folded. Her atoms felt forced together, overcoming the elemental forces of nature and transforming her into one, giant, impossible atom.

And then her atoms sprang back apart and she unfolded upon the slopes of a the red mountain. Britney stumbled, the ground uneven beneath her feet, and Phillipa gasped, falling backward. Britney seized her mate, keeping her upright as the Rakshasa struggled to maintain her balance.

"Shit!" Phillipa gasped as they both fell over, Britney landing atop her.

"Fuck!" Fatima cursed behind them. "Thanks, Christy, you landed me in a hole. I think I wrenched my knees. Fuck, that hurts!"

"Conjure the homunculi!" Kyle shouted.

Britney heard the alarm in his voice. She took a deep breath as she struggled to rise. Death permeated her nose. Black Ghuls rose up around the rocks around them, howling with rage, and charged at the concubines.

The Ghuls were waiting for them.

Kyle summoned Earthbones.

The Ghuls howled with bloodlust as they swarmed towards Kyle's family. The foul things were naked, covered by waxy, black or gray skin. They moved with a hunched over, clawing gait, their eyes shining red. Some blurred into writhing clouds of greasy, black smoke, rolling across the rocky ground.

"Get ready, girls!" Shannon cried out, the older concubine, gesturing. "Toni, Alexina, Carla head north. Mindy and Lois, cut off that group slithering up the left flank. Ann, Kayleah, and Chyna protect the Witches. And Hawaa, generate those homunculi or I'll spank your ass so hard!"

"Yes!" squeaked Hawaa, the Si'lat reaching behind to touch her sore ass.

Kyle strode out to the front, flanked by Ms. Capello and Zaritha. Fire blossomed from the Ifrit, surging out to form a pair of living, fiery guardians. The first Ghuls howled towards him. Kyle commanded the earth to rise, thrusting up before the first one.

The sound of crunching bones was quite satisfying.

The concubines fierce cries echoed across the mountain as they surged into the Ghuls. Fire crackled and wind howled. The air grew dry as Britney gathered water to lash at the Ghuls. A Ghul rushed at him, teeth gnashing.

Kyle's katana slashed down, flaring gold. The Ghul's flesh parted, a horrible stench rising up. Ms. Capello's hand lashed out, blurring with her enhanced speed. She seized a cloud of block, rotten stench—a Ghul traveling as its essence. Thanks to Christy's magic, the concubine was able to grip the cloud and forced the Ghul to assume its physical form.

"What?" the astonished Ghul hissed before Ms. Capello tore out its throat with her fingers.

"Watch behind us!" Shannon shouted. "Fumi needs help! Alexina, get down there!"

How's the battle going? Kyle asked as his sword cut down another Ghul. He couldn't take the time to scan. He was in the thick of it. Fire crackled on his right. Zaritha's flames burning hot, guiding the Ghul towards him, protecting the witches and Aaliyah as they stood at the metal door. Zaritha couldn't kill, but she could interfere.

Christy is healing Fatima. She broke her leg when we appeared on the mountain slope. Fumi is pressed, but Britney is handling things well on your right. We're holding.

Faiza was missing from his bed when he arose. Dawn was approaching. Rashid slept later than he had planned, drained by his new wife's insatiable lusts. If Rashid's guess was right, Kyle would assault Jabal al-Dhukan at dawn. The Ghul were nocturnal. If Tariq listened to his messenger, Kyle would be swarmed under by the hungry Ghul. They would feast on his flesh and suck the marrow from his bones.

Then he could do something about Faiza. He couldn't let her stay and worm Hecate's influence into his court. But until Kyle was dealt with, he needed to keep Faiza around. She was Kyle's mother. And when he—

A thought entered Rashid's mind. Was there another way to use Faiza against Kyle?

Rashid created silk clothing to wrap around his body as he slipped from his room and headed to his study. He wanted to watch Jabal al-Dhukan and witness Kyle's destruction. He barely noticed his servants prostrating themselves as he passed. He reached his study, pushing through the curtains of blue silk.

Faiza was in there, draped in the thinnest, most transparent blue silk. She may as well be naked for all the modesty her clothing provided. She sat before his table, his scrying mirror set upon it. She had activated it, showing off the slope of the mountain.

"He just arrived," Faiza purred, giving him a smokey look. "My son and his whores. The Ghul are swarming him."

Excitement trembled through Rashid as he sat beside her on the tasseled cushions, gazing into the mirror. Kyle's Jann sword flashed gold as he manipulated the earth of on the mountain side. Jann, Ifrit, and Si'lat homunculi appeared as his women surged out.

"What are those women?" Rashid frowned. The one next to Kyle seized a Ghul in its vapor form, forcing the Ghul into its physical form. "I thought the majority of his women were human?"

"They are," Faiza frowned. "Aaliyah is a Jann and I really did not know Fumi well, but the rest were definitely human."

"Then explain that."

Those supposedly human female were ripping the Ghul to pieces. Rashid looked on in disbelief. The Ifrit were the most martial of the Djinn, but the Ghul were the most ferocious. And they were falling like chaff before Kyle's concubines.

"No wonder the Unbound failed," Rashid groaned.

"They are familiars," Faiza whispered. "Christy and the other witches have enhanced them. They are beyond humans."

Scattered between the concubines were Kyle and his wives wielding the four elemental artifacts. Earth erupted, fire burned, wind howled, and water surged. The Ghul were faltering beneath the onslaught. Rashid spotted Tariq howling center of a pack of the largest of the beasts.

Kyle charged towards that pack, his sword smoothing the ground before him as he raced towards the Sheikh. Two of his concubines raced at his side. One was Zaritha, her fire lashing out and driving back Ghul's trying to flank them. She couldn't kill a Ghul without breaking the Laws of the Djinn, but that didn't make her fire any more threatening to the near-mindless brutes.

"Tariq better rip him apart." Rashid tried to maintain his calm. The walls of his study pressed in around him.

"He will fail," Faiza predicted. "The Djinn are not at all capable of dealing with them."

"I will have to increase the number of homunculi guarding the palace."

"And dismiss your Ifrit," she smiled. "Kalila will be freed in the hour. You are about to lose control of everything."

It crystallized in his mind. There was only one way out of this mess. Kyle had to be eliminated. Force had failed. Everyone that had clashed with him was defeated. Even now the youth was carving through Tariq's most powerful followers. The Sheikh was about to fall and Kyle would have secured the Ifrit's help.

"If you are really Kyle's mother, then you must know things about Kyle," Rashid said. "Things that I or any other Djinn would have no way of knowing about."

Faiza's eyes were dark and penetrating. "Why?"

Kyle wasn't sure who this Ghul was. But he seemed important. He seemed older, more bent and craggy than the other Ghuls. And Kyle had to cut through a pack of the biggest, meanest brutes on the mountainside. To reach him

A towering Ghul sprang in front of Kyle, sweeping its clawed hands down at Kyle. He moved his katana, slicing through the monster's hand. A second slash cut across the Ghul's body, felling the black-skinned brute.

"That's the Sheikh," Zaritha shouted. "We can end this if we take him."

"Ms. Capello!" Kyle shouted, pointing his finger.

The Ghul Sheikh dissolved into black vapor. Ghuls were made of the fumes of death, their essence foul and rotten. Ms. Capello surged forward past him, seizing the black vapor as the Sheikh attempted to rise up into the sky. She wrestled the vapor to the ground, forcing the Sheikh to rematerialize.

Kyle stepped up, placing the sharp edge of his sword against the elder Ghul's neck. "Surrender."

The Ghul hissed and spit, struggling in Ms. Capello's grip. His claws racked down her side, blood welling down her side, but she didn't cry out in pain, keeping a tight grip.

Kyle pressed his sword harder into the Ghul's neck and declared in his most commanding voice, "Surrender Tariq or I will take your head off."

"You will rue this, boy!" spat the Ghul.

"Sultan," Kyle corrected. He pressed a little harder; the edge of his sword drew blood.

The Ghul stopped struggling.

"Call off your people, swear oaths to your new Sultan, and I shall let you live." Kyle shoved a little harder, more blood trickled around the edge of Kyle's katana. "Keep defying me and not only will I end your miserable existence, I will kill far more of your tribe today. You have seen my women's skill. They will fall like bowling pins."

"Fine!" hissed Tariq. "The Ghul shall follow your rule, Sultan of the Djinn."

"Announce it to your people! Call them off! Now!"

"Yes ... Sultan."

Kyle pulled his sword away, ignoring the hatred burning in the Ghul's eyes. Kyle didn't care. He was here to secure the Ifrit, not the Ghul.

Sheikh Tariq rose up, holding a hand to his bleeding throat. "Surrender!" he hissed, his voice booming down the mountain. "Stop the feast."

Are there any casualties? Kyle thought to Aaliyah as he seized the Ghul Sheikh's arm. Ms. Capello held a firm grip on the other.

Nothing serious. The witches are healing Mindy.

"Are you okay?" Kyle asked his bleeding concubine.

"I'm fine," Ms. Capello answered as they marched the Ghul towards the prison. "Christy's enhancements are quite amazing. I don't even feel the pain."

"We kicked their asses, big bro," Fatima smiled, sauntering up.

"How's your leg?" Kyle asked as she pressed against his side.

"Just fine," she smiled, standing up on her tip-toes to give him a kiss. "But that hurt. Teleporting onto a mountain slope is a bad idea."

Fumi strolled up, Windfeather transformed into her glasses. Her all-white eyes fixed on Kyle and she smiled. The breeze whipping down the mountain's slope painted the world for his wife. "The Ghuls are pulling back," she reported, giving him a smile. "That was quite intense. One of them took a bite out Alexina's leg."

"Is she fine?" Kyle asked, looking down the slope for his blonde-haired concubine.

"Sable attended to her," Fumi nodded. "And I feathered the brute that bit her."

Tariq thrashed in Kyle's arm. "You murdered so many of my people."

Fumi arched on eyebrow. "You attacked us."

"You trespassed on our land." He licked his lips, inhaling deeply. "So much fresh, delicious meat violating my land. We had every right."

"And how did you know we were coming?" Britney asked.

Kyle halted before the iron disk set into the blasted, red rock of the mountainside. Britney, Christy, and Aaliyah waited there. The Rakshasa fixed her fierce eyes on Tariq, the black stripes just fading from her face.

"Answer her," Kyle said, squeezing Tariq's arm. "You were waiting for us."

"Rashid," the creature hissed. "He told me you would come to free a prisoner."

"How did he know?" Zaritha demanded. "I never told him that I hid Kalila here. How could he possibly know this is where we'd be?"

"A spy."

Britney's words sent a chill through Kyle's blood.

"Only our family knew we were coming here," Kyle told her. "Me, you, your mate, my wives, and the concubines. Who could have betrayed us?"

"Zaritha mentioned that she knew how to bring the Ifrit to you in open court yesterday," Britney pointed out. "It was the logical, next step."

"And how did he know this is where Kalila was?" Zaritha asked. "Did Hawaa slip him a message. Or one of those two daughters that fawn over Fumi.

Fumi swelled up. "Naila and Tarah were the ones that told me of Hawaa's plans."

"Hawaa didn't betray us," Kyle growled. "No one did. They are our family, Zaritha."

The Ifrit shrank before his gaze.

"Rashid may have guessed where you hid her. Or he may have always known."

"Well, let us free her and leave," Aaliyah declared. "This mountain top is not the place to discus this."

Kyle nodded and stepped up to the circle. Fatima, Fumi, and Britney spread out around it, all holding their weapons, Windfeather flowing like green quicksilver down Fumi's body to become her asymmetrical bow, called a yumi.

"Focus your elements into the disk," Zaritha said.

Kyle commanded the earth to touch the disk. Wind blew, rippling Fatima's fire that danced upon the disk. Britney's rain hissed as it fell into Britney's fire, the steam whipping around their feet. The disk trembled and Kyle made the earth pry it up. It held for a moment, a great, magical force fighting Kyle's command. But the power was eroded away and the disk was lifted up.

Curled inside was a naked woman, an emerald collar about her throat, sleeping peacefully. Her hair was black, her skin dark-caramel. Kyle bent down and scooped up the unconscious Ifrit and removed her collar.

Her eyes fluttered up, red and hot, gazing up at him. A smile crossed her lips, her hand touched his cheek. "You have saved me," she purred, her voice liquid fire.

"Let's return to Khoshilat Maqandeli," he commanded. "And prepare for Sheikh Haleem's arrival."
Chapter 35 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 34 |   Bottom
Chapter 35: The Warrior of Fire
Posted: May 10, 2015 - 11:59:41 pm

Thanks to Scotstigger for beta-reading this!

Saturday, January 29th – Khoshilat Maqandeli, The Hidden Realm

Christy used her staff to return everyone from Jabal al-Dukhan back to Kyle's quarters in the Jann palace. Space unfolded and they stood before his bed. Kyle cradled the naked Kalila in his arms. She was beautiful, and Christy wondered what Kyle was going to do with the Sheikha.

Would he risk the possibility of aligning with the Ifrit to possess her?

"Hawaa," Kyle said, setting Kalila on the bed. The woman seized the blankets, wrapping them around her body. She trembled, looking down.

"Yes, Master," the Si'lat Sheikha said.

"Take Kalila to the harem. Dress her in silks befitting a Sheikha and then have Sayid send word to Haleem that we have his wife and demand his presence before the day is out."

Hawaa bowed. "Come with me, Kalila," she smiled. "Do not be afraid. Kyle will not harm you. You have nothing to fear."

"Okay," the woman said, her eyes sweeping about.

"You will be returned to your husband," Kyle promised her.

"Thank you, great one." She bowed, clutching the blankets about her before letting Hawaa lead her out of the room.

"So, we have a little bit of free time," Fatima grinned.

I need to keep researching that spell. "Yes, but I have to—"

Christy's words were cut off by her fiery wife's enthusiastic kiss, carrying her down onto the bedspread. "Whatever you have to do can wait. It's time to have fun!"

Fatima's mouth was eager on hers, thrusting her tongue in deep. Christy couldn't fight such burning passion, not after the excitement of the battle. There was something so primal about combat. She had enjoyed watching Kyle fighting the Ghul. He was so strong and powerful. So virile. Her warrior husband.

"Aaliyah, I wish we were all naked," Kyle said.

"Done, my love," purred the Djinn.

Christy still found it strange to suddenly become naked. But Fatima's equally naked body squirming atop her did much to alleviate that problem. Fatima was an enthusiastic lover, her tongue thrusting deep into Christy's mouth as her hips writhed atop her, grinding her pussy into Christy's.

A shudder ran through the witch. She humped back, her hands sliding down to cup Fatima's pumping ass. Their clits brushed, pleasure shuddering through Christy as Fatima moaned into her mouth. Fatima's hands slid up Christy's sides, sending small shivers through her body.

"That is a sexy sight," groaned Kyle.

"Uh-huh," Aaliyah purred.

Strong hands touched her thighs, spreading her more apart. She could feel Kyle's callouses rough on her pussy; Christy shuddered. Fatima let out a squeal, her hips bucking hard into Christy's pussy, grinding pleasure through Christy's body.

"Lick my pussy, Kyle!" moaned Fatima.

Kyle's tongue licked up Christy's slit, stirring pleasure, his stubbly cheeks brushing her labia. His tongue caressed her clit then he continued up to Fatima's tasty twat. Fatima writhed, savoring their husband's tongue and tribbing Christy harder.

"You must be loving your double treat," moaned Christy as Kyle took his second lick.

"Very much," he laughed. "Tangy and tart mixing together."

His tongue probed and nuzzled into her pussy longer before moving up to Fatima's pussy. "Oh, fuck!" Christy gasped as he shoved a thick finger inside her.

Kyle slurped and licked at Fatima's pussy as two of his thick fingers pumped in and out of her pussy. Christy bucked her hips, sliding her clit around Fatima's juicy cunt as Kyle reamed her. She squeezed down, loving his fingers.

"We have the best husband," groaned Fatima. "Oh, yes. Keep licking me just like that. Oh, Kyle. Oh, yes! I'm going to cream you so hard! I love it! I love every second of your wonderful technique! You are the best husband!"

Fatima's face contorted in pleasure above Christy's. The younger teen gasped, her jaw opening wide as she shuddered. Juices flooded Christy's flesh. Fatima squealed with delight as she came on Kyle's lips.

"Cum, slut," moaned Christy, her fingernails biting into Fatima's butt. "Cum on our husband's lips."

"I love to!" moaned Fatima. "Oh, yes, Kyle! That's it! Fuck!"

Fatima shuddered one last time, and then rolled off Christy, panting and moaning.

Kyle buried his face between Christy's thighs, attacking her clit with his lips and tongue. Her back arched at the sudden pleasure, gasping with delight. Pleasure swelled inside her, spurred on by his thick, pumping fingers and eager tongue.

"Enjoy our husband," giggled Fatima as she stood up, giving Christy a quick kiss on the lips. Fatima looked around at the orgy that had unfolded while Christy had been busy. "Ooh, look at that."

Fatima scrambled away, almost throwing herself on Chyna, engulfing the concubine's nipple and sucking milk from the busty concubine's tit. Mindy, wearing a strap-on, approached Fatima as she nursed, her ass wiggling. Mindy couldn't resist and plowed the strap-on into Fatima's pussy, pumping away hard as Fatima suckled at Chyna's tit.

Christy looked around the room, loving the debauchery she witnessed. Aaliyah was sharing a double-headed dildo with Toni, both women humping their hips and working the rubbery, blue sex toy in and out of their twats. Shannon and Ms. Capello nursed from each other's tits while Zaritha and Lois licked their pussies.

Kyle's dark, slanted eyes stared up at Christy from between her thighs as he licked and sucked at her pussy. He wanted to make her cum hard, and Christy was more than willing to let him. She gasped, squeezing the sheets as her body hurtled towards ecstasy. Her breasts heaved as her back arched, her hips writhing into Kyle's lips.

She came.

"Kyle!" she screamed. "My sweet Kyle!"

The bed creaked and moaned as her pleasure poured through her. It was everything she wanted to experience. He always gave her the best orgasms. Even the first time he had eaten her out on that date so many weeks ago. He had taken her cherry later on, but first he had made sure that she'd had the best cum ever.

And he'd just given her another powerful orgasm.

"I want you to fuck me," Christy moaned, rolling over on to her hands and knees. "Fuck me hard!"

Kyle grinned, licking her pussy one more time as he rose up. "I always want to fuck you hard."

She smiled then groaned as he thrust into her. Her pussy squeezed about his girth, her hips slamming back. Pleasure roared through her, stirred up by his wonderful thrusts. Their flesh slapped together, Kyle grunting every time he buried into her sweet depths.

He fucked her slow and hard, letting her savor every inch, his hips shifting, working that cock through her wonderful parts. She moaned, pushing back and squeezing her cunt about that amazing shaft. Her pleasure increased, shuddering through her.

"Your mouth looks free," Sable purred, sliding in front of her. "Will you lick my pussy, Mistress? I love it when you do."

"Sure," Christy moaned, letting Kyle's thrust push her face down between Sable's sweet musk. Honey-brown, curly pubes tickled her lips as she ate out her concubine. Sable let out a lovely sigh, her hips twitching as she licked and sucked.

"Eat the slut out," groaned Kyle, thrusting faster. "Work your tongue through her twat. Fuck!, that is so sexy. I love watching your pink tongue slide through her juicy cunt."

"Umm, she tastes so good, I just can't resist," Christy purred, licking her lips clean of the sweet pussy juices before diving back in to take another long, slow lick.

"Oh, Mistress," gasped Sable. "Umm, yes. I love you! Thank you!"

"Play with your tits, whore!" Kyle growled. "Pinch and roll those nipples while your Mistress licks your twat."

"Yes, Master," she groaned. "Umm, like this!"

Christy's eyes flicked up. Her concubine pinched her nipples between her fingers, pulling on her taut breasts.

"Just like that slut!" Kyle's thrusts were hard, their flesh slapping together, his heavy balls smacking into her clit.

Christy groaned, her tongue sliding around Sable's clit. She sucked, nibbling on the nub. Sable's squeal was so cute. She tugged hard on her nipples, her hips bucking up into Christy's eager mouth. Christy nibbled a second time, her concubine shuddering hard.

"Oh, Mistress! That's it! That's what I needed!"

Pussy juices flooded out of Sable's pussy, dripping into Christy's mouth. She drank them down, savoring the floor. She swirled them about her mouth before swallowing them. Her own pleasure neared, stirred by Kyle's hammering dick.

"Fuck! Fuck! I love watching a woman cum! Oh, yes! And you drank her juices down!"

"Yes!" moaned Christy. "Cum in me, Kyle! Give it to me! Oh, yes! I'm so close. Pour your spunk into me!"

Kyle grunted. His thrust grew erratic. He was so close. She twisted her hips and squeezed her pussy down around his thrusting cock. Her pleasure mounted, her nerves screaming inside her pussy. Kyle shuddered, slamming into her.

"Christy!" he moaned as his wonderful cum flooded her depths.

Her orgasm shuddered through her. Hot and fast. Her pussy spasming about his hard cock. He drew back and thrust in again, sending a smaller wave through her. She shivered, bliss flowing through her.

And then he pulled out.

She collapsed onto the bed, rolling over; laying her head on Sable's wet pussy and warm belly. "Did you have a nice cum, Mistress?" Sable purred.

"I did," Christy smiled, watching Kyle disappear beneath the ecstatic Toni, Alexina, Carla, and Kayleah, the concubines eager to enjoy their master. She closed her eyes, savoring the lingering traces of her orgasm.

Someone wiggled between her open legs, licking at her pussy. She cracked her eyes open and smiled. "Hi, Fumi."

"Christy," the blind woman smiled back, her lips smeared with cum and pussy juices.

Christy leaned back and savored her next orgasm.

Kalila trembled before Kyle's throne, swathed in red silks, a veil and shawl covering her lovely face. Kyle's concubines surrounded the throne, lounging with a deceptive casualness, swathed in purple silks. Hawaa, his concubine and Sheikha of the Si'lat, knelt at Kyle's feet.

"Fatima, sit with your back straight," Aaliyah admonished. "You are Kyle's Sultana. You do him disrespect by slouching upon your throne."

"Geez," Fatima groaned, rolling her almond-shaped eyes beneath her red shall, a veil hiding her lips. "Chill, Aaliyah."

"The Sheikh of the Ifrit is coming to treat with our husband," Aaliyah hissed."

"Fine." Fatima straightened in her throne to Kyle's right. "There. Happy?"

Aaliyah, sitting to his left, nodded. "Good. You will make our husband proud."

Fatima rolled her eyes a second time. Kyle grinned, took her hand, and kissed her fingers. "Humor her."

"Yes, big bro." Her eyes flashed. "It's just fun teasing her."

"He comes," Britney whispered. She stood in the vizier's position, just to the right and behind his throne, swaddled in blue silk. Phillipa and Sable were back there, too, whispering as they maintained the protection spells that surrounded the throne. Sayid, the Jann's vizier, was not happy to be excluded from Kyle's councils.

Someone had betrayed Kyle's plans to the Marid. When they had gone to Jabal al-Dukhan this morning to rescue Kalila, the Ghuls had been waiting. It had to be one of the Jann standing in the court that claimed to serve Kyle.

Unless it was one of my family. Kyle didn't want to suspect his women. It would be so easy. Christy had betrayed him out of jealousy once, maybe she could do it again.

He pushed that thought down, glancing over at Christy on the other side of Aaliyah, wrapped in black silk. She met his eyes and he could see the love in her hazel depths. There was no way she could have been the traitor.

It had to be one of these Jann. They knew our next step was to free Kalila, and Rashid must have deduced where Zaritha had hidden the Ifrit Sheikha.

The great stone doors of the throne room opened and whirling fire soared in past homunculi that guarded the throne. The flames resolved into the Ifrit. They were tall and lanky, their hair black as coal. All had scimitars thrust through their red sashes. At the center stood a richly dressed man, his eyes as hard as black diamonds, his brown chest rippling with muscles.

Kalila let out a pleased sound, striding forward and falling to the floor and pressing her veiled face to his feet. Her body shook as she cried. The man, Haleem ibn al-Ifrit, fixed his eyes at Kyle, his body taunt, tensed.

Kyle recognized his stance and rose from his throne, returning Haleem's gaze with equal strength. This all could still go wrong. Silence gripped the court as Kyle stared down the Ifrit. He itched to summon his blade, but that would only make Kyle seem weak. He couldn't react out of fear.

Haleem inclined his head, stroking his oiled goatee. "You have my thanks, noble Kyle, for returning my wayward wife to me."

"I have come to put right the Hidden Realm that the Marid tyranny has caused," Kyle answered. "Your wife's abduction was the act of a petty fool."

"Nicely put," Britney whispered. "Keep on this line. Prove you are the better ruler."

"Rashid has clutched to his rule with desperate hands," Kyle continued. "He betrays his weakness at every turn. Kidnapping, assassination, scheming behind closed doors. He has sent Unbound to attack my wives and me. His very rule slanders the noble name of the Djinn. He drags the proud Ifrit into his filth. He has forced you and your people to muddy their hands so that his may remain clean."

Haleem stared at him. "And you would do better? You are a weak mortal."

"I am a warrior," Kyle declared. "I wield Earthbones and command the rocks. My lineage can be traced back to great fighters. My own father was a mighty warrior, leading hundreds of men into war."

"I see a man hiding behind a wall of women," Haleem sneered. "A brash mortal that doesn't know the difference between his sword and his cock."

The concubines went ridged, hissing in fury.

"You will have to prove your strength," whispered Britney. "He will respect that."

Kyle strode forward. Fatima rose and Aaliyah hissed in their minds, *Sit down before you ruin everything. You will only make our husband seem weak if you go out there. The Ifrit will not respect him if hides behind his women.

"Zaritha's a fighter," muttered Fatima. "Can't the Ifrit realize the concubines are equally dangerous?"

"There is a reason I betrayed my people," Zaritha answered through clenched teeth.

The concubines parted as Kyle passed, nodding to him. "Show him your strength, Master," Chyna purred. His skin tingled as he passed through the protection spells. Every eye was on him as he strode towards Haleem. Kalila recovered and moved behind her husband, her head bowed.

"I am not afraid of you," Kyle declared.

Haleem's scimitar flashed out, slashing at Kyle, forcing the youth to backpedal. Kyle slipped into his fighting stance, reaching out to Earthbones and commanding the katana to appear in his hand. The blade materialized in a flash of gold light.

He parried the second blow, blades scraping as they were locked together. Kyle worked his forms, slashing and swiping at Haleem while the Ifrit countered and parried, then launched into whirling attacks with the scimitar.

It was clear to Kyle that Haleem wasn't trying to kill him. Kyle changed his attacks, matching his opponents testing style. A smile crossed the Sheikh's lips as they dueled, their blades ringing about the throne room as they maneuvered on the polished, brown stone. Kyle grinned back, enjoying the fun of the duel, his heart beating. He felt so alive.

"You have talent," Haleem declared, launching into a series of overhand strikes. "Your style is foreign, but it is skilled."

"Thank you," Kyle inclined his head before responding with a horizontal cut. "Who would you rather serve? The Marid that misuses your people, or a warrior that will treat all the Djinn equally."

"You married a Jann," Haleem pointed out.

"And took a Si'lat and Ifrit for concubines."

Haleem's face soured. "Zaritha is the one that betrayed my wife. She was Kalila's trusted handmaiden."

"Zaritha has paid for her crimes and saved my wife's life."

"She hasn't paid her debt to me!" Haleem's voice crackled.

Kyle faced down the fire burning in Haleem's face. "She is mine. You will not touch her. Whether I have your allegiance will not change that."

"You are loyal." The Ifrit's anger faded, replaced by a ready smile and a nod. "You would actually keep her, even if it meant my refusal of this alliance?"

"Yes. I will defeat the Marid with or without your help. Though I'd rather have your help."

He stepped back, lowering his scimitar. "Then you shall have it. The Ifrit are yours, Sultan. You have restored my precious flower to me. You could have compelled me to serve you, but you didn't."

"Then I would be like Rashid."

Fatima took another drink of the wine, loving the warm fog that made everything seem so nice at the feast. Her brother had been so handsome and strong as he had dueled Haleem. She couldn't stop thinking about the fight all through the celebratory feast.

He sat nearby, reclined on a few pillows, Christy and Fumi on either side of him, their heads resting on his shoulder. She rose, her silks caressing her skin as she walked, soft and smooth, making her feel so alive.

"Hello, big bro," she grinned, falling to her knees before him, her hand reaching out to caress his cock through his white pantaloons.

"Are you drunk?" Kyle asked.

"Maybe," she giggled. "And I'm so horny." Her hand pressed into his crotch, stroking him through his pantaloons. "Make love to me, big bro. Your wife needs her husband."

He seized her, pulling her into his lap. "I can never deny you anything. You're just so cute."

"I know," she grinned, batting her eyelashes. "I'm just cute and innocent."

Christy snorted with laughter. "You are anything but innocent, dear wife." She pushed Fatima's red veil to the side, her own black veil had fallen away a while ago, and their lips met.

Kyle's cock stirred beneath her ass. Fatima shifted, grinding on him, her twitching pussy growing wetter. She moaned into Christy's mouth, thrusting her tongue in deep. Fumi's hand began roaming Fatima's body, cupping her budding breast through her silk and pinching her hard nipple. Fatima liked that, her own reaching out to fondle Fumi's larger tit, pushing down her top to fondle her.

"That is hot," groaned Kyle. His hand pulled down her red, silk top, exposing her budding breasts. Fatima didn't care if everyone at the party could see her making love to her husband and wives. Kyle's finger was strong, rolling her nipple, contrasting with Fumi's gentle touch. She loved them both.

"Umm, someone's excited," purred Christy, breaking the kiss.

"So excited. I just want to love our husband so much," Fatima moaned, humping her pussy. "Can you feel my heat?"

"Yes," Kyle groaned. "Fuck, Fatima, but that is nice."

"You are all having fun without me," pouted Aaliyah, whirling into being out of dust.

"Lie down, Kyle. Let Aaliyah sit on your face," Fatima moaned. "I do so love to watch you eat her pussy out."

"It's such a delicious pussy," giggled Christy as Kyle stretched out on the tasseled pillows.

"Kyle is getting a sweet dessert," Fumi laughed, pulling Aaliyah's yellow pantaloons off, exposing her shaved pussy.

"Make our clothes go away, Aaliyah," Fatima purred. "Kyle wants us naked."

"I wish that," Kyle groaned as he pulled Aaliyah down to his hungry lips.

Their clothes vanished; Fatima gasped as Kyle's hard cock pressed into her naked pussy. She slid along it, savoring the feel of his shaft rubbing through her slit. Kyle's tongue darted into Aaliyah's pussy, and the Genie arched her back and let out a delicious moan.

"How's his tongue?" Fatima moaned.

"As good as always," purred Aaliyah.

"Let me take care of your butthole, Aaliyah," Christy said, sliding around behind Aaliyah and bending down. Fatima couldn't see what she did, but Aaliyah's dark eyes flew open and she let out another moan.

"I think she likes it, Christy," laughed Fatima as she kept dry humping her brother's thick cock.

"I do! I love to be licked by my spouses." Aaliyah moaned, looking like she experienced heaven. Fatima leaned over and sucked a hard, dusky nipple into her lips. "Oh, and that just makes it better. Thank you, Fatima."

Fatima moaned, "You're welcome," about the Genie's hard nipple.

"You need to stop teasing our husband and fuck him," Fumi admonished, seizing Kyle's cock. Fatima lifted her hips, Fumi guiding their husband's hard cock to Fatima's dripping pussy. Kyle's dick nudged her opening and Fatima lowered back down. She groaned about Aaliyah's nipple as her pussy burned with ecstatic friction generated by Kyle's big cock.

She worked her hips, grinding her clit into Kyle's pubic bone as her pussy savored the girth of his cock. She loved bouncing on him and sucking on Aaliyah's nipple. Fumi's lips kissed her butt-cheeks as she writhed and bounced atop her. Pleasure soared and grew inside her.

"Umm, it smells so good," moaned Fumi. "His precum is leaking into your pussy."

Fumi's lips kissed down Fatima's clenching butt-cheeks, pressing down to where Kyle's cock entered her body. Fatima shuddered as her wife's tongue licked at her labia and Kyle's cock, adding a bit more pleasure to the inferno raging inside her.

"Oh, yes!" gasped Aaliyah. "Kyle and Christy! Umm, you know how to please a woman!"

Fatima released Aaliyah's nipple, looking the Genie in the eye. "Are you going to cum on our husband's mouth?"

"Oh, yes! His tongue is amazing! He's so deep inside me. They're both loving me."

"Then cum," Fatima gasped, bouncing faster.

Aaliyah's mouth opened, her head thrown back. Fatima savored the growing passion on the Genie's face. She shuddered, her round breasts jiggling. Her musk filled Fatima's nose as she came, squirting more of her tasty juices into Kyle's eager mouth.

"Cum, slut!" moaned Fatima. "Give our husband his dessert!"

Aaliyah shuddered, letting out a pleasure filled gasp as she looked down at Fatima's crotch and shot her hand down. Fatima shuddered as her Genie wife played with her aching clit. The pleasure joined with the friction of Kyle's cock. Fatima slammed down, quivering as her pleasure swelled.

She came. "Oh, fuck, yes!"

Her pussy writhed about Kyle's cock. She squirmed, massaging his cock. Stars danced before her eyes. Kyle grunted. Hot cum flooded Fatima's body. She loved it. She savored the heat pulsing into her, mixing inside her.

"I need his cum," moaned Fumi, pulling Fatima off Kyle's cock.

Fatima landed beside Kyle, spreading her thighs and letting Fumi lick and suck the cum leaking out of her pussy. "His cock is free, Christy," Fatima shuddered as Fumi's delightful tongue worked through her pussy.

Christy crawled around, sinking onto Kyle's still hard cock. Fatima smiled, watching Christy's perky tits bounce as she rode their husband. Aaliyah gasped and shivered, Kyle's tongue still swiping through her pussy.

The wine made her head spin. Pleasure roared through her. She couldn't think. She could only enjoy Fumi's skillful tongue. Kyle's arm wrapped around her, pulling her against his body. She felt so loved and warm. Her orgasm was a soft shudder, spraying juices into Fumi's mouth.

Her body was suffused with bliss. She let the pleasure take her away into wonderful sleep.

"Isn't she beautiful," Christy, her pussy impaled on Kyle's softening cock, smiled down at the sleeping Fatima. Her husband's was warm inside her. Kyle had squirted deep inside her pussy. And maybe there's a little egg being fertilized right now.

Aaliyah nodded. "I think it's time to retire. Umm, but today was long."

"Yeah." And I still need to do research.

The crone's words were important. "Six shall be one, the Marid defeated," she whispered as she climbed off Kyle.

"What was that?" Aaliyah asked, falling off Kyle to collapse on the pillows.

"Nothing," Christy shrugged. "Can you clean me up and clothe me."

"Uh-huh," Aaliyah sighed, pressing against Kyle.

"Leaving," murmured Kyle, his lips smeared with Aaliyah's pussy.

"I want to do some more research." Christy knelt down and kissed him on the lips. "Have fun."

"I will," he grinned as Fumi nuzzled at his cock, licking up Christy's pussy juices.

A ring of concubines surrounded the impromptu coupling Fatima had initiated. The rest of the revelers hadn't realized what Kyle was up to—Aliyah's doing. Three of the concubines—Lois, Mindy, and Zaritha—fell in around Christy, escorting her back to Kyle's quarters.

"Mistress," Sable smiled when she walked in. Christy's personal concubine was pouring through the books. "I think I found it."

Christy blinked. "What?"

"There is a spell here that requires a noble Djinn. It's a shared essence spell. It can imbue the person with one or all of the powers of the Djinn—Jann, Ifrit, Si'lat, Marid, and Ghul. The Noble Djinn is the focus of the spell, and she then channels up to five different powers into the target, melding their essences into one."

"Six shall be one," Christy nodded. "What else does the spell require?"

Sable shifted. "Well, it requires a huge sacrifice to power the ritual. I'm not even sure it's possible."

"What is it?" Christy frowned.

"The death of a goddess."

Kyle ran his arms up Fumi's flank, her hips writhing. "Umm, that's wonderful," she moaned, working her pussy around him. Fatima snored beside him, her arm sprawled across his chest, and Aaliyah snagged Teleisia, her Black concubine, and the pair were tribbing with enthusiasm. "I love having your cock inside me."

"Mistress," one of the twin Si'lat's that Fumi had claimed as her concubines wandered up. A cock was thrusting out from her groin. "You made me excited."

"I did," Fumi smiled, reaching out to stroke her concubine's cock. A small fraction of Si'lat could grow cocks, and the twins Tarah and Naila both had inherited those extra bits. Fumi pulled her concubine to her, opening wide and engulfing her cock as she rode up and down on Kyle's dick.

Kyle groaned, watching his wife bob her mouth up and down on the cock. He had shared Fumi with Braiden once. At least Tarah was mostly a woman. And Fumi did need her semen. Tarah moaned, savoring Fumi's blowjob, running her dusky hands through Fumi's black hair.

Fumi's pussy tightened on his cock, her hips rising up and down faster. Fumi's fingers penetrated Tarah's pussy as she blew the concubine's dick. Loud, obscene sounds came from his wife's lips as she savored another cock.

Kyle's balls tightened. "Fuck, Fumi. I'm going to cum." He didn't get why it was so hot watching his wife suck the concubine's dick, but his cock was ready to unload.

Fumi slammed her pussy down, working her velvety sheath about his cock. She was ready to feel his cum and have him erupt. She was eager for his cum. He shuddered, thrusting up into her. His body tensed as squirt after squirt flooded her cunt.

"That's what I needed," Fumi shuddered as her cunt erupted about Kyle's cock. She always came when cum flooded her body. "Oh, yes! My husband always gives me what I need."

"You are so beautiful when you cum, Mistress," panted Tarah.

Fumi rolled off Kyle, pulling Tarah down. "And your cock has a big, creamy load for me," she panted. Tarah squealed in delight as Fumi mounted her, shoving the concubine's dick deep into her well-fucked pussy. Fumi's ass flexed as she rode the cock.

What would it be like to double penetrate a woman? Kyle wondered, his eyes fixed on her ass.

"Fuck her ass and find out!" moaned Aaliyah.

"Have you been reading my mind again?" Kyle grinned.

"Always!" Aaliyah shuddered, her back arching, grinding her pussy tight against Teleisia's cunt. "Fuck her! Experience that pleasure."

"Yes, fuck my ass," moaned Fumi, reaching behind her to spread her butt-cheeks open. "I'm a nasty slut that needs your big cock."

Kyle licked his lips, moving behind her. He rubbed the tip of his cock against her puckered opening, pressing forward. Fumi rose up, her bowels engulfing him. He slid in easily, burying all the way into her ass while she humped and bucked between him. She was so tight, far tighter than usual. The two cocks in her were filling her up.

"Oh, yes! I love it! Thank you, Kyle!" She worked her hips, bucking between them, delighting in the two cocks filling her up. "I need more. Naila. Come here."

The other twin appeared, materializing out of a fierce wind, her cock hard and dripping precum. Fumi pulled her in and swallowed her cock, bobbing up and down on her girth. Kyle pumped away, matching her rhythm, enjoying the depravity of it all. Fumi was happy, reveling in three cocks, and Kyle was glad to share this joy with his cock-hungry wife.

"Fuck her hard," Aaliyah moaned, kneeling behind Naila.

Naila gasped as Aaliyah spread her butt-cheeks apart and began tonguing the hermaphroditic Si'lat's asshole. Naila's hands squeezed her small breasts, rolling her nipples as the young Si'lat moaned in bliss. "Suck my cock, mistress. I love you!"

Kyle pumped harder. Fumi's tight ass massaged his dick. He had one more cum in him tonight. He wanted to give Fumi as much pleasure as she could handle. Fumi moaned about Naila's cock, working her hips as if she was possessed.

"You all need to cum in her at the same time," purred Aaliyah. "Give Fumi what she wants. All your delicious cum."

Fumi moaned her agreement, her ass squeezing down on Kyle's pumping cock.

"Then you're going to get it. My wife is a cock-loving, cum-guzzling whore!" He slammed into her, his balls slapping into her taint. He didn't fight his growing need, his cock itching to unload into her.

"I'm going to cum, Mistress!" gasped Tarah. "Your wonderful pussy feels so good on my cock! Oh, yes!"

Kyle slammed into her, driving Fumi all the way down on Tarah's cock. His dick buried all the way into the depths of her hot bowels. A shudder wracked his body. His cum erupted. Thick blasts firing into her hungry bowels.

"I'm cumming!" screamed Naila, pumping her cum into his wife's mouth.

Fumi's body writhed about him. Her cum sent spasms through her body. Tarah groaned, gasping out her bliss as she gave Fumi's pussy what she wanted. Kyle grunted as her ass drank every drop of cum out of his balls.

"Yes!" Fumi shuddered, collapsing on Tarah. "So amazing. Cum in all three holes! I never dreamed it would be so amazing!" She threw a look over her shoulder. "Thank you, Kyle."

Kyle nodded, pulling out of her.

She tried to stand up, but her leg buckled. "Oh, wow. I came so hard."

Kyle scooped her up in his arm, holding her lithe body. "Let's get you to bed," he grinned. "You look thoroughly fucked."

"I feel like it," she smiled, her all-white eyes closing. "Umm, that was the best."

"My Sultan!" a voice called out. Kyle froze, turning to see the white-bearded vizier waving at him from beyond the concubines. "An emissary from Rashid has arrived. He desires a private audience with you."

"You can't mean to go in there alone," whispered Aaliyah, pressing against Kyle. "It's [He's] a Marid."

"I won't go alone. Britney will be with me," Kyle said.

Aaliyah bit her lip, fear churning inside her. "He can't be trusted."

"I know."

Her husband was so resolute and strong, as unyielding as a mountain. "Please, Kyle, take in your concubines."

"Britney is my adviser and two of your homunculi will be in there to protect me if it is a trap."

"And I am more than capable of defending your husband," Britney added.

Aaliyah turned to Fatima. "Talk some sense into your brother."

"He's doing what he has to," Fatima shrugged. "Kyle's a big boy. He can pull his pants on all by himself."

"Thanks, Fatima," Kyle groaned. "Always supportive."

Fatima beamed, bouncing on her heals.

The girl never can take anything serious. Aaliyah loved her wife, but Fatima's flippancy grated on the Djinn's nerves. "Fumi, you have to disagree with this."

"It does seem risky," Fumi admitted. "But our husband is very capable." Fumi put a gentle arm around her shoulder and kissed her cheek. "But if he thinks it is the right choice, then we should trust him."

"You cannot trust whatever he says. Rashid is duplicitous," she pleaded. "Just send the messenger away."

"That would be an error," Britney said. "Rashid is intelligent. He may realize his position is untenable and seek a diplomatic end to things."

"He won't," Aaliyah objected. "He won't ever let the Sultanate out of his hands without a fight."

"Probably," Kyle agreed. "But we may learn something from speaking to him."

"We?" giggled Fatima. "Don't you mean Britney might learn something?"

Kyle shook his head, and then placed his hand on Aaliyah's cheek, his touch warm as he brushed away a tear. "I have made my decision. Hopefully, this will not take long."

Kyle strode into the war room where the Marid waited, Britney at his heels. The Sapphire doors boomed closed, and Aaliyah couldn't sense her husband's thoughts any longer. She wanted to collapse as the fear ate away at her, but she remained strong.

"What's going on?" Christy asked, striding up, clutching a spell book. "The concubines said something about a Marid emissary."

"Kyle and Britney are meeting with him," Fumi said.

Christy swept her eyes around the room. "Alone? Why aren't any of the concubines in there?"

"The emissary will only speak to Kyle alone. He had to be convinced to allow Britney in there to act as our husband's Vizier," Aaliyah answered, her mouth tight.

Christy frowned, and then sat cross-legged on the floor, the book in her lap. Aaliyah sensed her thoughts. They were confused and jumbled, worried over a Goddess's death and puzzling how to accomplish that to work a spell.

What spell does Christy need to work that requires a goddess's death?

"What do you think the emissary is saying?" Fumi asked.

"Words?" Fatima shrugged. "What else."

"You are no help," Fumi groaned. "How our husband put up with you while growing up, I'll never understand."

"Because he was secretly in love with me," Fatima declared, shaking her rear clad in red pantaloons. "How could he not love this ass?"

Britney emerged through the doors and Aaliyah stared at her, clutching her hands to her breast. "Christy. Kyle wants you."

"Only Christy?" Aaliyah asked.

Britney nodded, her face tight.

"Okay," Christy said, standing up and slipping into the room. Britney closed the sapphire door behind her. Aaliyah wished she could read thoughts through the door or communicate with her husband, but the blue gemstone blocked all Djinn telepathy and scrying.

"What did he say?" Fumi asked.

Britney didn't answer, her bushy, brown hair almost standing up on end. Aaliyah pushed out her thoughts, touching the Rakshasa. ... idiot cannot believe Kyle is considering the proposal it is obviously a trap idiot stupid moron the Marid cannot be— The Rakshasa's thoughts went silent and Britney fixed her green eyes on Aaliyah.

"Stay out of my mind, Djinn."

"I ... sorry," Aaliyah murmured. "I'm just worried."

"You should be," Britney muttered under her breath.

Aaliyah's heart thundered in her chest. She stared at the door, her body trembling, imagining what terrible words the emissary must have imparted to worry Britney. She trembled, clinging to Fumi as the minutes dragged by. Her insides twisted over and over, growing tighter until she was sure they would rupture from the strain.

"What is going on?" Fatima burst out. "Tell us, Britney."

"Kyle commanded my silence," the Rakshasa answered.

"From us? We're his wives!" Fatima crossed over to Britney, staring with [a] fierce fire into Britney's eyes. "You serve our husband. Tell us now or I'll claw it out of you!"

Her words hung on the air.

The sapphire door opened and the Marid emissary, a young man, his dusky cheeks pale with fear, a tremble shivering through his body. "Kyle has accepted the gracious Sultan of the Hidden People's terms."

Britney groaned, "That idiot."

"What does that mean?" Fatima demanded. "Kyle! Get out here and explain right away."

"He has gone to Sahabah to surrender to my gracious master," the emissary continued. "He shall be held with all comfort to ensure your support of Rashid ibn al-Marid's continued rule as Sultan. So long as you do not raise rebellion against the Sultan's gracious rule, he will not be harmed."

"Seize this asshole!" Fatima spat as she strode into the war room. "Kyle, what is this—"

Aaliyah peered into the war room. Kyle and Christy were gone.
Chapter 36 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 35 |   Bottom
Chapter 36: The Gamble of the Warrior
Posted: May 14, 2015 - 08:12:50 am

Thanks to Scotstigger for beta-reading this!

Saturday, January 29th – Khoshilat Maqandeli, The Hidden Realm

Britney followed Kyle into the War Room. The room was constructed entirely out of Sapphire, blocking any form of Djinn telepathy or scrying. She and Kyle were completely cut off, and if the Marid emissary turned out to be a trap and attack them, they would be unable to call for aid.

Her hand drifted down to stroke Waterclaw's hilt. The katar was tucked into the blue sash wrapped around her waist. The Marid emissary was a thin, young man with swarthy skin and an oily beard waxed into a point beneath his chin. His smile set Britney's teeth on edge.

"Great Kyle," he bowed, washing his hands together. "I am honored that you agreed to speak with me alone. I am Uthman, the humble servant of Sultan Rashid ibn al-Marid. Salutations to you and your illustrious house."

Kyle grew stiff, his arms folding beneath his muscular chest. "What is Rashid's message?" Kyle growled, not bothering to hide his irritation. If Kyle wanted to rule the Hidden People, he was going to need to learn subtly. He couldn't crash into every problem like an avalanche down a stony mountain face.

"I shall conjure it," the Emissary answered. "Have no fear that I will attack you."

Kyle grinned, his hand drifting down to Earthbones hanging from his golden sash. "You would not survive if you tried."

The emissary's smile slipped an inch. "Of course, of course. Your feats of strength have been heard all the way in Sahabah."

Rashid must be growing desperate, Britney surmised. The Sultan cornered, his allies falling to Kyle's cause. Nothing is more dangerous than a cornered prey.

"Conjure your message," Kyle commanded.

Mist sprayed from the messenger's open hand, swirling in the air, forming into the image of a blue room. No. A sapphire room.

Figures resolved. An old man, his beard white, sitting in rich, blue silks upon a throne of sapphire. A woman squirmed at his feet, chained and bound. A young Marid, a mad look in his eyes, held a knife to the throat of the woman.

"Mom?" Kyle gasped, his hand squeezing down on the hilt of the sword, his eyes towards the emissary.

Britney cocked her head. Faiza was dead. What did the Marid wish to accomplish by showing such a blatant falsehood?

"How dare you!" Kyle bellowed, his sword flashing out into his hand. "Do you think to weaken me by showing me an image of my dead mother?"

The grin vanished from the emissary's face and he stepped back, swallowing. "Your mother is quite alive. She is a prisoner of the Sultan."

"Say it!" growled the Marid holding a knife to Faiza's throat.

"You better cooperate or Makerah will slit your throat," Rashid declared, stroking his white beard. Britney studied the young Marid holding the knife to Faiza's throat. Makerah was the last Unbound that still lived to serve Rashid. Zaritha had said he was Rashid's own son who had been tricked into becoming Unbound by the Sultan so Rashid could preserve his own power.

"Kyle!" the image of Faiza shouted. "Don't listen to what they say. Let them kill me again! I don't want you to get hurt."

"Mom?" Kyle asked, his voice warbling.

"Be strong, Kyle," Britney said. "Your mother is dead. You witnessed her death, remember."

"That is your mother," the emissary assured.

"Keep speaking, whore!" hissed Makerah, his blade pressing into her neck. "Say something so that Kyle knows it's truly you."

Faiza bit her lip, her face pale with fear. "Kyle. I am alive. Burke cast some spell. You only thought I was dead. The Marid found me and revived me."

"Give him proof that he cannot ignore," Rashid commanded.

Faiza trembled; Kyle's eyes were locked on the pre-recorded image.

"When you were six, you jumped off the roof of the house and broke your leg. When I asked you why, you said, 'I want to be a paratrooper like dad.' You thought the blue tarp would work."

"It can't be," Kyle whispered, a tear trickling down his cheek. "How is this possible?"

"When there was a lightning, you always went to Fatima's room to protect your sister." A smile crossed Faiza's lips for a moment. "But you really were just scared. I never said anything. I didn't want to embarrass you. Besides, Fatima loved her big brother protecting her."

Kyle's sword lowered.

"When you were nine and the tooth fairy left you a twenty, you were so excited. But the truth is, your dad messed up. He was supposed to leave a dollar but mixed up the bills in the dark. The day you met Britney, you marched up to me after school and declared that your best friend was a girl but she wasn't your girlfriend."

"You said that?" Britney whispered.

"Yeah." His voice was a strangled whisper. "That's really her, Britney. How could they know all those details?"

"Kyle Unmei," Rashid declared. "I have your mother. I will free her in exchange for you. In one hour, if you have not presented yourself in my court, your mother dies. If you do surrender, you will be imprisoned with all the comfort and hospitality I can provide. I shall not harm your wives and concubines so long as they swear fealty to me as Sultan. I shall keep you as hostage to ensure their good behavior. I know your wife Christy possesses Shadowedge. She will bring you to this room and she will take your mother back to Khoshilat Maqandeli."

Kyle's fist clenched.

"You have one hour from this moment, Kyle. I do hope you spoke with my emissary without delay." The image froze, his mother's face full of desperate terror, the knife still pressed to her throat.

"How long did we keep him waiting?" Kyle growled.

"A half hour," Britney answered. "You have, perhaps, twenty minutes. But you would be a fool to go and surrender."

Kyle fixed his eyes on her. They were hard. "Go and get Christy. No one else is to enter and you are not to speak a word of this, Britney."

"This is the wrong decision. They will not kill her. Then they would have no leverage over you."

"A threat is only as strong as the will to go through with it," Kyle muttered. "Rashid has no choice but to kill her if I refuse. He would look weak."

"And if you go, it will undo—"

"I gave you an order!" Kyle growled, spittle flying from his lips. "Send Christy in!"

"Yes, Sultan," Britney hissed, her bushy, brown hair standing on ends. "If that is what your foolishness commands."

"It is!"

Christy trembled as she stepped into the sapphire room, her black staff gripped in sweaty hands, the door thudding behind her. Britney had almost been spitting with rage when she had stormed out. Kyle stood in the center of the room, staring at an image conjured out of mist while the emissary stood pale-faced and quaking.

"What is going on?" Christy asked, forcing the words out of her mouth as she dragged her feet across the room. She looked at the image, her eyes widening. "Is that... ?"

"My mother lives," Kyle told her and pointed at the froze image. "Can you teleport us into this room?"

"I can?" she frowned, looking at him. "What is going on, Kyle?"

"Rashid is going to kill my mother unless I surrender," Kyle said, staring into her eyes, unyielding as the mountains. "In exchange, you and the rest of the harem will be unmolested."

"You can't surrender," Christy declared. "It has to be trick. Your mother is dead."

"They gave proof. I'm going to do it. You are going to take me and bring my mother back."

"I will not." Christy glared at him. "You would have to be a complete fool to do this. There is no way I'm going to help you throw your life away."

Kyle walked to her, sweeping her up in his arm. "I love you, Christy."

"Sweet talking me is not going to convince me to help you with this stupid plan!" She squirmed, trying to break free of his grasp. "Let's talk with everyone. You can't make this decision without consulting all your wives!"

His lips brushed her ear. "Trust me," he whispered.

She stiffened.

"I'm going to surrender to Rashid!" Kyle shouted. "You can tell my wives the rest of the conditions Uthman."

"Of course."

"I won't," Christy whispered. "It's stupid."

"Take me to the oasis," Kyle whispered.

Oasis? Christy frowned, then remembered where they had entered the Hidden Realm at. "Fine!" she said loudly. "I will submit to your will, husband. Even if I think you are being a moron."

His arms tightened around her. "Thank you."

She transported them, folding space about their bodies. Everything compressed, consumed by the darkness that was all around them. Then they sprang into being in the oasis. It had been scarred by their battle with the Si'lat Unbound, swaths of palms and brush burned down by Fatima's fires and great rents marred the earth from Kyle's sword.

"What is going on!" she demanded, pushing away from Kyle.

"We're going to rescue my mom," he grinned. "You can drop us right next to her. I'll deal with Makerah while you grab my mom, then we'll teleport back home. A quick, surgical strike."

"This is crazy," she gasped. "They could have her wrapped in diamonds, or it could be a trap and they're just waiting for us to appear."

"It'll work, Christy. I know it. We'll catch them by surprise and prove that nowhere is safe for Rashid."

"Then why don't we take the concubines and the rest."

"We can't tip them off. We need to go now before the emissary alerts Rashid. He can't suspect anything. They'll kill her, Christy." His eyes weakened, tears forming.

"I don't know. It's so dangerous."

"She's my mom, Christy. I have to do this! I already failed to save her once!"

Christy's heart ached. Kyle's face twisted with self-loathing. "Okay," she whispered. "Let's go save your mom."

Kyle seized her, she took a deep breath, and folded space.

Sahabah, The Hidden Realm

Kyle's body was folded, compressed, squeezed into his wife's form. For a brief moment they were one, their flesh united as they hurtled through the space between realities. He couldn't breathe, move, shout, scream, cry, or release his wife.

And then it was over.

Blue leaped around them.

They appeared in a sapphire room before his mother. Makerah's dagger, curved like a serpent, had drifted away from his mother's neck as the Unbound's head was turned to say something to Rashid. Kyle appeared just a foot away, pushing Christy away from him as he swung his katana one handed at the Unbound Marid.

"What!" gasped Makerah, shoving Kyle's mother away so he could bring his dagger around and block Kyle's swipe.

It wasn't a great swing. Kyle had been hampered by Christy's presence. Earthbones met the dagger, sparks flying and metal grating. Makerah grunted in pain, the dagger slapped out of his hand. Kyle grabbed his blade with both hands, sending a brutal swing at Makerah's gut as he bellowed a loud war cry.

Makerah became mist, flowing up into the air, soaring over Kyle's head. Kyle pivoted, following Makerah down. The mist became flesh, a lanky man appeared dressed in blue. Kyle made a diagonal slash.

"That was my mother you touched!" he bellowed as his blade curved down.

Makerah's hands thrust forward. A column of water fountained out at Kyle.

Kyle rolled left, abandoning his strike. The water clipped his shoulder, spinning him in the air. He landed badly, the wind exploding from his lungs as his upper back smacked the hard, sapphire floor of the room.

He drew strength from his sword, rising up, coughing for breath. He held his sword out before him. Golden light flared from the blade and Kyle reached out, searching for any stone in the room [that] he could use to defend himself.

Everything was sapphire. The same property that prevented Djinn telepathy and scrying, kept his commands from reaching into the gemstone.

Another gout of water shot out from Makerah's hands. Kyle held his blade in front of him, one hand on the hilt, the other pressing against the flat of the blade, bracing it in front of him. The water hit the blade, spraying up and dissipating its force. Kyle closed his eyes as water splashed into his face, dripping down his body.

What was taking Christy so long?

He opened his eyes, glancing towards his mother. Christy was on the ground, trembling in pain. Faiza was over her, clutching the serpentine dagger that Makerah had dropped. Kyle's mind whirled. What happened to Christy? Something glinted silver about his wife's neck. She hadn't been wearing any jewelry when they had arrived.

Before Kyle could understand, Makerah lunged forward, propelled by water. Kyle raised his blade, then slashed at the hurtling Djinn. Makerah became water. A sword couldn't cut water. Not normally. But Kyle put all the strength of his conviction into the belief his magical sword could hurt this Djinn, imbuing his blade with the truth of stone.

Kyle's blade slammed into the column of water, cutting it.

Pain howled through the water. Kyle's blade burned gold.

The water flowed around Kyle, coalescing back into Makerah. The Unbound struggled to stand, his chest gashed open, blood welling from the wound. The Marid's face was twisted in surprise, his eyes fixed in disbelief at the sword.

"Surrender, Kyle," his mother called out, her voice beautiful and harsh. "Or I will slit your pretty, little wife's throat."

Kyle froze, turning around. His mother had seized a fistful of Christy's brown hair, hauling the unmoving teen up. The sinuous dagger was at Christy's throat, right beneath the half-gold, half-silver necklace she now wore. It was a snake biting its own tail.

Uroborous.

The same type of necklace that had immobilized Aaliyah when she was captured by the witches weeks ago.

"Mom?" Kyle gaped.

"You have such a pretty wife," his mom purred. "I would hate to have to kill my daughter-in-law, Kyle."

Kyle left the groaning Makerah behind, striding towards his mom, peering into her dark eyes. "Are you still under Burke's spell? Fight it. Like you did in Burke's office. You know Christy. She's been my girlfriend for months. You cannot harm her. Let her go and I can save you."

"Stop there, son," she hissed.

"Your mother is under my power," Rashid declared. "I knew you would try such trickery. I was ready for your duplicity, Kyle."

Kyle fixed the Sultan of the Hidden People with angry eyes. "Release my mother! Now!"

"Or what?" the Sultan sneered. "You'll kill me."

"There is no one between us. I could cut you down in two steps."

"And then I would kill your wife," his mother declared. "You wouldn't want her pretty blood on your head."

"Surrender Kyle. The terms I offer are still in place. Submit to my rule and I shall allow your wife Aaliyah to rule the Jann. She may keep the rest of your harem in her household. You shall have the privilege of living in my palace, as my honored guest, for the reminder of your natural life. You shall not be harmed. I will even permit you the companionship of Christy."

"It seems like a fair deal," his mom said. "You have always been a good boy that listened to me. Put your sword down and I won't kill her."

Aaliyah, I wish me and Christy were back with you.

His wish went unanswered. He was surrounded by the sapphire walls of the throne room.

Fear roiled through Kyle, mixing with his anger. He wanted to charge up at Rashid and cut the smug, old man down. He hated the triumph burning in the Sultan's eyes. He could end all of this. He could charge up there and slice the smug, evil bastard open. He just had to be strong. As hard as granite. As unyielding as the mountains.

I just have to let Christy die.

He turned to his mother, staring into her beautiful face. There was another way he could save his wife. His mother was dominated by Rashid. She was practically dead anyways. He had mourned her once, he could do so again.

It's probably not even my mother. It's just a trick. Probably a Si'lat whore masquerading as my mother, a construct of water, or a spirit trying to trick me.

He would save his wife.

Kyle raised his sword over his head.

His mother stared at him without fear.

Kyle's sword fell from his fingers. He couldn't kill his mother. He couldn't take the chance that it wasn't her buried in those dark-brown eyes. He fell to his knees. His resolve snapped, shattering within him.

"I surrender."

Christy's hazel eyes found his, tears brimming in her dark depths. I failed you, Christy. I failed us all. His shoulders slumped, his head lowered. All his strength seemed to bleed out of him. It was all over. He had lost it all.

"I'm such a fool."

A shadow fell over him. Makerah staggered up, blood sheeting down his body, a wild look in his eyes. He grasped Earthbones, holding it over Kyle's head. More shame flooded Kyle. His enemy wielded his weapon.

"What are you doing, Makerah?" Rashid demanded.

"Executing him." Makerah's voice was thick and wet, blood bubbling at his lips. "He cut me! He almost killed me!"

"Put the sword down!" Rashid stood up, swelling with power.

"No!" Makerah raised Earthbones up high. Kyle stared up at the blade, glinting gold and silver.

"Stop this!" bellowed Rashid. "I made a promise to him. He surrendered. He shall be staying as my prisoner."

"He is too dangerous!" snarled Makerah, spitting blood.

"And his wives and harem are even more dangerous! They will want blood if we kill him. They have the strength of force that can wipe us out. Kyle is the only hostage against their retribution. I cannot let you kill him."

"You cannot stop me, Father!"

"Do it!" hissed Faiza. "Cut him down! He deserves it for all he's done!"

"This is my throne room and you shall listen to me!"

"He hurt me!" screamed Makerah.

Water coalesced in the room, great homunculi bursting to life, surging with Rashid's anger.

Makerah sliced Earthbones down at Kyle.

Kyle stared at death hurtling down towards him. A part of him wanted to die. He had only imprisonment to look forward to. Dying at Makerah's hands seemed cleaner.

But hope flared inside him. As long as he lived, there was always a chance.

Earthbones was Kyle's sword. He had claimed it. He reached out, summoning it to his hand. The blade disappeared out of Makerah's grip in a whirl of gold. Makerah stumbled, off-balanced by the sword's disappearance.

It reappeared in Kyle's hand.

The homunculi surged forward, seizing Makerah in watery grasps, hauling the maddened Marid away as he cursed and yelled. Kyle seized his sword for a moment, preparing to rise. His mother tightened her grip on Christy, pressing the dagger into his wife's throat.

Kyle dropped the sword a second time. "You won, Rashid."

"No! You have to kill him!" his mother hissed as two watery homunculi seized Kyle's shoulders, pinning him to the floor. He didn't fight.

His mother let Christy go, standing up with grace and striding towards Kyle, murder in her eyes. "Stop!" Rashid barked. "You will not harm him."

"Give me this one thing, my husband," his mother hissed. "Let his death be your bridal gift to me!"

"I have already made you Sultana! Kyle's death was not part of our agreement." Rashid stared at Kyle's mother. "You will submit to me, wife, or a prison can be found for you as well!"

His possessed mother faced the Marid Sultan for a moment. "I shall be an obedient wife," his mother purred, throwing the dagger to the floor. "I apologize. My mistress has been greatly wronged by these two mortals. I let that cloud my mind."

"Hecate will just have to be patient. He is mortal. One day he shall die." Rashid faced his homunculi and commanded, "Fit him with a sapphire collar and take him and his wife to their new apartment."

The sapphire collar was cold around his neck. The water homunculi, their grip clammy, dragged him through the palace. A third carried the immobile form of his wife cradled in its arms. The corridors were lined with Marid witnessing his humiliation.

"So this is the mortal that thought he could defeat our great sultan," sneered a richly dressed courtier, his beard oiled.

"What a deluded fool."

Kyle hung his head. Every derisive word and sneering insult stabbed into him. Marids doused the flicker of hope he had felt when Makerah had attacked. He was beaten. He sank into his thoughts, not even hearing their jeering insults any longer.

"Greetings, Kyle Unmei," an older, plainly dressed Marid said, waiting at a sapphire door. "I am Abu Bakir, your custodian. He opened the door. "This entire wing is constructed of sapphire." A smaller, sapphire room lay behind the door. The homunculi squeezed through, their bodies flowing around the frame as they dragged him through. Once the door was closed behind him, the jailer walked to the other door and opened it. A short, diamond hallway led to a diamond door. Through that door was a small, diamond room.

"Your quarters are made entirely of diamond, surrounded by sapphire. These doors shall only be opened one at a time."

Kyle understood. There would be no opening for him to contact Aaliyah or for a Djinn to teleport him out of his cell. It was a prison designed to hold powerful beings. The constructs pulled him into the diamond room.

"This is your apartment," the jailer declared, throwing open the last, diamond door. "If you ever need anything, I will be in here. Your every want will be provided for. We have brought many comforts from your world."

He bowed.

"Thanks," Kyle muttered.

He was thrown into his cell, landing on a rich, woven carpet. Christy was set beside him. One homunculi remained, standing before the door of the cell. Though it was hard to call such a richly appointed room a cell. A large bed draped with a silk canopy rested in one corner, shelves full of books lined the walls, and a pile of cushions were strewn before a flat screen TV and an Xbox. On a small, dark table sat a platter of dates and cheese.

It was almost like a home, but there were no windows. Kyle ripped off the sapphire collar and threw it against the diamond wall. Next, he pried the uroborous from Christy's neck. Her amber amulet, the focus of her magic, had been taken. Kyle had never seen her without it.

"Kyle!" she gasped, hugging him tight. "What are we going to do?"

Khoshilat Maqandeli, The Hidden Realm

Aaliyah stared in disbelief at the emissary.

"Kyle wouldn't have gone to surrender!" Fatima declared, her voice hot. "He's not weak like that!"

The emissary did not struggle as Lois and Mindy held him tight, the concubine's fingers digging into the meat of the Marid's arms. Aaliyah wanted to rip the oiled beard from the smug emissary's face. I need to be calm. I need to be the Sultana.

Kyle! My love! What is going on?

She waited, controlling her fear. But her husband didn't answer her.

"But if they really have your mother," Fumi said. "I can see Kyle wanting to save her."

"Kyle was convinced it was Faiza," Britney stated. "She knew things about you and Kyle's childhood. Small details. They seemed genuine."

Aaliyah trembled, forcing herself not to fall apart. She couldn't be weak. Without Kyle, someone needed to be in charge. She was his first wife. She was the leader of his harem. She had to be strong for him.

"Then let's attack!" hissed Fatima. "We have the Ifrit and the concubines. Let's attack Sahabah right now, end Rashid, and save our husband from his idiocy!"

"We can't be rash," Fumi said, putting an arm around Fatima's shoulders. "We have to think this through."

"There isn't time to think!" Fatima knocked Fumi's hand away. "It is time to act."

"Kyle did not take the time to think," Britney said. "And now he has surrendered to them. We cannot make his mistake. We need to gather information, make a plan."

"Exactly," Fumi nodded.

"Fuck plans! Kyle needs our help!"

"Does he?" Fumi fixed her sightless eyes on Fatima. "What if he went to rescue her? He took Christy. She can teleport."

"Then they would be back by now!"

Aaliyah grasped that idea. "Yes. Our husband would not surrender himself. He isn't weak. He would want to save his mother."

"That's our master!" Chyna exclaimed.

"Then why didn't he take me?" Fatima demanded, her face falling. "She's my mother, too!"

"Because he is a fool," Britney muttered.

Fumi hugged Fatima. "I'm sure he thought this was the best way."

"Lois, Mindy, take the emissary to the sapphire cells," Aaliyah commanded, clapping her hands. "Then we need to make plans in case something happens to Kyle."

"Nothing will happen to my big brother! He will save mom and come back to us."

"That is what I hope..." Aaliyah's voice faltered.

"Always plan for the worst," Britney stated. "You can hope for the best, but you must be prepared with contingencies. If Kyle was planning a surgical strike, he should have been back by now. Something may have gone wrong. We need to figure out our next step."

"Yes," Aaliyah nodded, flashing Britney a grateful look. "That is what we shall do."

"Who made you the boss, Aaliyah?" Fatima demanded.

"I am Kyle's first wife." She forced herself to be strong. To be the Sultana. "In Kyle's absence, it falls to me to lead us. So we are going into the war room, and we shall make plans in the event Kyle is captured or ... killed."

Fatima recoiled. "He can't die..." Tears brimmed in her eyes. "He can't!"

Fumi hugged Fatima tighter. "He won't. But ... we need to plan for the worst. But our husband is strong. He will survive. Believe in him."

A Jann courtier walked up. "Sultanas," he bowed. "Another emissary from the Su ... Rashid has arrived. He demands an audience with you."

Fear clutched at Aaliyah's throat. "We shall receive him in the throne room." She didn't know how she kept her voice from cracking.

She wanted to run away as she marched to the throne room. She wanted to hide beneath her bed and wait for Kyle to come home. She didn't want to face Rashid's messenger. There was nothing good in this. Kyle had failed.

He may even be dead.

Aaliyah sat upon the tourmaline throne. She felt so small.

The emissary strode in, carrying a bundle wrapped in blue silk. He was young and fit, an oiled, black beard twisted into a pair of points beneath his chin. He knelt before her throne. "Sheikha Aaliyah binti al-Jann Unmei, I greet you in the name of our great sultan, Rashid ibn al-Marid."

Aaliyah nodded.

The emissary uncovered his bundle, setting it on the floor. Earthbones. Kyle's sword. Aaliyah's stomach roiled. Her husband had surrendered or been killed.

"What are your master's words?"

"Your husband has surrendered and knelt to Rashid. He shall dwell in comfort in Sahabah with his wife Christy. No want of his shall be found lacking. Rashid wishes you to know that he is merciful to his fallen enemy. But Kyle's comforts depend solely upon you, Sheikha."

"I am no Sheikha," Aaliyah corrected.

"Sultan Rashid acknowledges that you have a claim to the Sheikdom of the Jann. He will allow you to rule your people in peace. So long as you and Kyle's other wives support Rashid as Sultan, your husband she shall continue to live as an honored guest."

"An honored prisoner," hissed Fatima. "This is bullshit!" Her spear flashed into her hand and she strode past Aaliyah's throne.

"What are you doing?" Aaliyah demanded.

"I'm going to get the Ifrit and then I'm going to storm Sahabah and rescue my idiotic brother."

"What if the Marids kill Kyle before you can free him?" Fumi demanded, striding out to seize her arm.

Fatima froze in her grasp, biting her lip. She glanced at Aaliyah and her thoughts burned clearly in the Djinn's mind. I wish Kyle and Christy were back with his Harem, so we can have sex!

Aaliyah had to grant the wish. However, her powers couldn't reach out to Kyle. They have him imprisoned within Diamond and Sapphire, Aaliyah thought to Fatima. Rashid is not stupid. Calm yourself, my sister-wife. We must pretend to capitulate so that we can strategize on how to free our husband.

Fatima closed her eyes, then ripped free of Fumi's grasp, striding back to join the harem.

"We agree to Sultan Rashid's terms," Aaliyah declared.

Sahabah, The Hidden Realm

"Can I speak with you in private, my loving husband?" Faiza purred, rising up from Makerah's form. She had just healed his wounded, broken son.

Rashid had mixed feelings about that. His Unbound son was useful, but he was also a threat. His insolence today had reached a new level. Perhaps it is time to break his chain and let him die?

"What do you want to talk about?" Rashid asked his wife.

She gave him a sweet smile—he didn't trust it. But her figure was lush beneath her skirt, her stance inviting. Last night had been the most vigorous, passionate night Rashid had ever experienced. He had no idea his body had such stamina or that he could take such delight in the flesh of a woman.

She was intoxicating.

I need to be more careful than ever.

Her hand drifted down between her breasts, pressing the material tight against her lush mounds, then continued sliding down across her stomach. "Doesn't every new bride yearn for her husband's bed?"

Rashid's cock hardened. He swallowed. He couldn't find a reason to deny her request, or his bodies desires. "Very well, my love." He didn't love her, but he did love that lush body. "I'm sure after such a stressful afternoon you are in need of comforting."

"Greatly, my husband. My brutish son unnerved me. I need to find solace within your arms." Rashid rose, sweeping from his throne, Faiza following along behind him, his servants trailing at a respectable distance. He used a small door at the back of his throne room that opened on to a hallway leading to his private apartments.

This afternoon had gone almost perfectly. As long as he kept the knife to Kyle's throat, his wives would be cowed. They were only women. They had no business interfering in men's affairs. Aaliyah would meekly accept the Sheikdom of the Jann while the Ifrit would have no choice but to remain cowed. Sahabah's defenses could hold, if only barely, against the Ifrit alone.

And now he would taste his victory in the arms of his enemies mother.

"You seem happy, my lord husband," Faiza purred.

"I have crushed your son."

"So well." Her voice was throaty, thick with lust. "You proved how much stronger you are than my son."

Rashid walked faster. He had to take this woman. His blood boiled through his veins.

He threw open the doors to his apartment, waving the servants to stay outside as Faiza swept in, her hips rolling. She flashed him a smoky glance as she passed, her hand brushing the front of his pantaloons; his cock throbbed beneath her touch.

She walked to his bed, her silks falling to the floor. She was dark and beautiful, her skin flawless. She looked over her shoulder at him, the profile of her round breast and hard nipple peeking out. Rashid's mouth watered.

"You were so strong today. Let me worship your strength with my body." She stretched out on the bed, her legs parting. She strolled a finger through her damp bush, twirling her pubic hair with one hand. "See how excited your prowess has made me, my husband. Feel how wet I am."

His clothes vanished into mist, his cock thrusting hard before him. He moved to her, crawling across the bed. He kissed her dusky thigh, her hands cupping his face as his beard slid up her leg. She shivered, spreading her legs wider, pulling his lips to her pussy.

Her tart excitement filled his nose.

She shuddered as he licked her, savoring her juices. "My strong husband!" she gasped. "So wise and wonderful!"

He licked harder, spurred on by her words, his tongue sliding through her petals. She tasted divine. No wine or candied date had ever tasted so delicious. He drank more of her ambrosia, her hips writhing beneath the pleasure of his mouth.

"So wise!" she moaned. "And yet you allowed my son to live."

He pulled away, looking up at her. "You know why I let him live."

She pulled on his beard, drawing him up her body. "Because you're afraid, my lord? Which is so foolish because you're so strong."

Her legs wrapped around his hips, pulling him tight, bringing his hard cock to the opening of her pussy. He slipped in, groaning as her tight, spongy flesh engulfed him. He shuddered as inch after inch of his cock slipped into her depths.

"My strong husband!" she gasped. "Afraid of a few women!"

"I am not afraid," he groaned, his hips thrusting hard.

"Then kill him." Her hand stroked his face. "For me, my love. I'll be ever so grateful."

Her pussy pulsed and writhed about his cock. New delights blossomed inside Rashid. He wanted to say yes. To let the boy die for all the trouble he had caused.

But Rashid was not an idiot.

"He lives! That is my will!" he pumped harder, savoring every bit of her flesh.

"Please, husband. Give me this one little thing."

"And ruin all my plans?"

Her eyes flared. "You will not submit to my whim?"

"You are my wife," he growled, thrusting harder. "You submit to me, whore!"

The bed creaked and groaned with the vigor of his thrusts, the pleasure swelling through him.

"You will never obey me," Faiza sighed.

"You must think I am as weak as my son!" Rashid growled, pounding her pussy without mercy, extracting every last ounce of pleasure from her cunt.

"I had hoped. You may kill him, Makerah."

Rashid screamed in pain as Makerah formed out of mist, thrusting his hand through Rashid's back and grasping the Sultan's heart. Rashid gasped, staring down at the triumph in Faiza's eyes.

"Your son will make a much more biddable Sultan," Faiza purred.

Makerah ripped out Rashid's heart. The Sultan of the Hidden People fell dead upon his new bride.

Christy leaned against the diamond door. "No spell works. Without my amulet, I don't have the focus I need to channel Ishtar's power properly."

Kyle didn't answer her. He still sat on the floor, staring up at the ceiling.

"Do you have any ideas, Kyle?"

No answer.

Her husband had been broken. He had surrendered to save her. Despair filled his heart and Christy couldn't seem to reach through the morasses that covered him. She walked to him, kneeling before him and cupping his face in her hands.

Kyle didn't resist as she forced him to look at her. "Speak to me, my love. Don't withdraw." Tears misted her eyes. "I need you to be my strong warrior."

"I fucked up," he whispered, his voice cold, dead.

"You just wanted to save your mom."

"And I failed again."

"Don't give up. There's still hope we can save her. Aaliyah, Fatima, and Fumi are still free. They'll find a way to save us."

Kyle pulled away, stretching out on the floor. "We're going to spend the rest of our lives in this room, Christy."

She stretched out beside him, resting her head on his chest. "At least we'll be together."

Hecate forced Faiza to heave Rashid's corpse to the floor. Makerah stood over, his hand coated in blood, a wild look in his eyes. He brought his hand to his lips, licking his father's blood. The Unbound were all broken in their own ways.

"I get to be the Sultan finally," he grinned. "My father cannot stop me now."

"No, my pet," Hecate purred through Faiza, commanding her vessel to stroke Makerah's face. Hecate had made him her familiar, enhancing his strength. Without it, he would have been killed by Kyle's blade in the throne room. "And I will be your Sultana."

The power of the Hidden Realm was at hand. She would finally have the strength to destroy that slut Ishtar. Rashid had proved too strong of will to be controlled, but Makerah was perfect. He was already bound by Rashid's chain, used to the domination of another.

"Kyle needs to die," Makerah hissed. "He hurt me. I need to rip his body limb from limb."

"Yes," Faiza purred. "And you don't need to hide your full strength from your father any longer."

"Kyle must die now."

Hecate didn't care at all about Kyle. But there was no harm in letting Makerah have his revenge against the youth. "Let us go and attend to him," she smiled. "You have earned your reward, my pet."

Makerah strode eagerly forward and Hecate forced Faiza to follow, not letting her vessel dress. Hecate did not care about Faiza's morality.

Please don't kill my son, Faiza moaned in the depth of her soul, pulling at the chains of Hecate's power. Please! He's an innocent.

Hecate laughed. There were no such things as innocence. Every baby came into the world stained in blood and afterbirth.

The courtiers and servants of Rashid gasped in horror as Makerah strode out. "I am the Sultan now!" he cackled, still clutching Rashid's heart. None of them had the backbone to deny him.

"Sultan," they bowed.

Faiza followed Makerah as he brandished Rashid's heart to all who passed, reveling in his father's downfall. The Unbound was more unhinged than usual. They entered the sapphire wing, the homunculi obeying Makerah and parting to let them pass.

In a small, diamond antechamber, the jailer arose, gaping, "What is going on?"

"I am going to see the prisoner," Makerah cackled. "Open the door."

"The Sultan left clear instructions that no visitors were allowed inside."

Rashid brandished the heart. "Father says its okay. See. He sent his proof along."

The jailer's face paled.

"I would obey your new Sultan." Hecate forced Faiza to smile. While Makerah dealt with Kyle, she would enjoy chastising Christy for her betrayal of her oaths. Ishtar's power could not reach this far to protect the cunt.

"At once, Sultan," the jailer bowed and opened the doors to Kyle's cell.
Chapter 37 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 36 |   Bottom
Chapter 37: Six Shall Be One
Posted: May 18, 2015 - 08:28:14 pm

Thanks to Scotstigger for beta-reading this!

Six Shall be one, the Marid defeated.

In the lands of the West shall be born our salvation,
The Blood of Sultans and Warriors flows through his veins,
Four wives and countless lovers shall he possess; the appetite of sultans.
If you wish freedom for the Djinn, send a daughter of Jann, slumbering in a brass lamp, to wife,
She shall guide him to his champions and gird them for battle.
Six shall be one, the Marid defeated.

The Warrior of the Earthen Sword, whose youthful inexperience conceals the strength of a Sultan;
The Consort of the Brass Lamp, whose meek obedience obfuscates the will of a Sultana;
The Consort of the Fiery Spear, whose playful petulance hides the desires of depravity;
The Consort of the Arcane Grimoire, whose innocent beauty obscures the powers of darkness;
The Consort of the Airy Bow, whose calm demeanor cloaks the fury of storms;
The Companion of the Watery Dagger, whose deep intellect masks the hunger of predators.
Six shall be one, the Marid defeated.

In the Lands of the West shall our salvation arise,
Their trials will be many, their conflicts fierce,
Their enemies will beset them on all sides, hidden behind masks of authority,
The darkness grows, hungering for power; guard well the daughter of Jann, freed from a brass lamp,
Through blood and tears shall they be forged.
Six shall be one, the Marid defeated.

In the lands of the West shall be born our salvation.

The Kalsomid Prophecy

Saturday, January 29th – Sahabah, The Hidden Realm

Kyle had failed his mother, Christy, and all his wives.

He stared up at the diamond ceiling of his jail cell. The diamonds prevented any teleportation in and out of this room. Beyond the diamond walls were sapphire ones, blocking any telepathy. He couldn't summon his sword if he wanted to, or even speak to Aaliyah.

Kyle and Christy were going to spend the rest of their lives in this cell. It may be richly appointed, decked out with all the luxuries of home, but that didn't change the fact it was still a prison.

Christy's head rested on his chest. He didn't understand why she wasn't furious with him. He had led her into this trap. He hadn't listened to Britney or her arguments against this plan. He had been so certain that he was better than Rashid. That he could pop in, grab his mother, and escape.

But she hadn't really been his mother. Some spell still dominated Faiza, forcing her to aide Rashid.

Muffled voices came through the diamond door of his cell. They grew louder, shouting. Kyle tensed, sitting up.

"What?" Christy asked, blinking her hazel eyes in surprise. "Have you thought of something?"

Another muffled shout.

Kyle did not like the sound of that. He quickly rose, standing before Christy and falling into an aikido stance. He wasn't completely defenseless without his sword. He had been trained in hand-to-hand combat by his uncle.

But any foe here is going to have powers that no human possesses.

Christy pressed stood behind him, her breath warm on his neck. "What's going—"

The door flew open.

Makerah strode in, the Unbound Marid's eyes wild. His right hand was dripping with blood, a mass of red flesh in his hand. A heart. Whose? Kyle's mother strode in behind him, naked, her breasts splattered with blood.

"You cut me, mortal!" hissed Makerah. Kyle saw insane death in his eyes.

"Rashid promised us safety!" Kyle shouted, ice pumping through his veins.

Makerah brandished his bloody fist. "He had a change of heart," he cackled.

The Unbound Marid surged at Kyle like the violent sea. Kyle lashed out his arm, grasping Makerah's wrist. He pivoted, using the Marid's momentum to flip him over his hip. Makerah landed hard on the ground.

"Ishtar, defend your servant in her desperate hour of need!" Christy chanted.

"That pathetic whore cannot help you!" Kyle's mother shouted, striding at Christy. "You never should have betrayed me! I never forget those who break my oaths!"

"Hecate?" Christy gasped. "You're possessing Faiza?"

Kyle barely had time to process that. Makerah lashed out with water, striking the young man in the chest. He was thrown off his feet, landing on the pillowed floor. He struggled to get up, but the water clung to him, pinning him to the floor.

Makerah rose, flexing his left hand. Kyle's heart beat faster as he struggled against the heavy water.

Khoshilat Maqandeli, The Hidden Realm

Fumi adjusted Windfeather, pushing the green glasses up her face. She kept having to stir currents of air through the room to see. The sapphire war room was airtight. No drafts squeezed in to stir the air for her.

Her wives and the concubines were painted in green, their faces animated as they discussed plan after plan to save Kyle. Every attack would first have to breach the defenses of Sahabah, and that would leave the Marid time to go through with their threat to execute Kyle and Christy.

What was the point then?

Fatima was the most passionate, standing up, slamming her fist on the sapphire table and demanding that they go now and fight their way in. "The Djinn are all slow to act! They are planners! They would never expect our attack to come so swiftly. We could burst through their defenses and reach Kyle before they react!"

"Yeah!" Chyna agreed.

"It is too risky!" Aaliyah countered. "Rashid is a planner. He has to anticipate this as a possibility. We need some way to bypass the defenses and land inside the prison itself."

"I know where they are keeping him," Zaritha said. "But it is deep within the palace. Sure, we could assume the form of our essence and fly fast through the corridors, but the moment we are in the palace, the homunculi defenders will activate. They will slow us down."

There has to be a way for us to move through the palace. These Djinn are masters at moving through the spaces between realities. Aaliyah had riddled Kyle's school with that pocket dimension that could be accessed from... Fumi's eyes widened. " ... anywhere."

"What was that, Mistress?" Tarah, her Si'lat concubine asked. Tarah's twin, Naila, reached out and touched Fumi's arm.

"Aaliyah," Fumi said, hope beating in her heart. "At Kyle's school, you made it so [that] any door led to a pocket dimension that could be accessed with a special key."

She nodded.

"Then let's do it at Sahabah. I wish that there was a pocket room for Kyle to go and enjoy his harem, accessed through every door in Sahabah!"

Aaliyah shook her head. "I was able to do that at Kyle's school because it was part of his life. He went there every day. Sahabah is Rashid's palace."

"But Sahabah is Kyle's prison," Fumi countered. "That is a part of his life."

"And he's the rightful Sultan!" Fatima declared. "Sahabah is his seat of power! Rashid has usurped it from him. How is that not Kyle's?"

A smile crossed Aaliyah's lips. "Make the wish again."

"And add that Khoshilat Maqandeli connects to it," Britney added.

"And the keys to open the doors," Toni added. "That's how me and Chyna figured out the school one."

Fumi made the wish and Aaliyah proclaimed, "Done!"

"Zaritha," Fatima snapped, "conjure a map of Sahabah and show us exactly where you believe Kyle is held."

The Ifrit waved her hand, fire flowed from her, forming a three dimensional map of Rashid's massive palace. The image zoomed into the basement of the palace to a large room built of sapphire surrounding three smaller rooms. Two were antechambers, the first also made of sapphire, the second of diamond which led into a larger diamond room.

"This is where important political prisoners would be held," Zaritha said. "The emissary claimed Kyle would be kept in comfort. This room is quite comfortable, for a prison. It is furnished like any guest room in the palace. Of course, it is guarded."

"And designed to hold Djinn," Britney nodded. "If only one door is opened at a time, there will never be a breach in the sapphire or diamond enclosure."

"Those two diamond doors will not be accessible from the pocket dimension," Aaliyah added. "Diamond prevents such work. We could enter through the second sapphire door and then force our way through the two diamond doors."

"Then what are we waiting for!" Fatima declared, holding Kyle's sword in one hand, her fiery yari in the other.

Chyna was already racing towards the door, her key in hand. She opened it up onto a new room. "Let's save Master!"

Sahabah, The Hidden Realm

Fatima stepped out of the pocket universe into a short, diamond hallway. Chyna, Toni, and Alexina charged ahead of her, reaching the first diamond door. The concubines threw the door open, screaming with desire.

Two watery homunculi guarded the room. They activated, sweeping tides of water at the concubines. But they all had been enhanced by Christy, moving with grace and speed that no mortal woman could. Chyna ducked the water spray while Toni and Alexina leaped over them.

"We'll handle the homunculi! You save Master!" Toni shouted.

The door to Kyle's cell was open. And her brother was in trouble. Makerah stood over him, prepared to finish off her brother.

"Banzai!" Fatima shouted, dropping Earthbones and setting her spear. She charged forward.

She raced through the diamond antechamber, passing the concubines dueling the homunculi. Fire burned at the tip of her spear, bright and hot. She burst into Kyle's cell. Makerah looked up in surprise. Her spear plunged into his chest.

Makerah became water.

Fatima didn't hit any resistance like she expected, her spear sliding through the Marid's liquid body. She tripped on Kyle and fell through Makerah's watery form, falling to the floor on the other side drenched. She didn't like that. The water pulled off of her as Makerah reformed his figure.

She used her fire to warm her body. Steam flashed around her as she rolled to her feet. She fell into her stance, thrusting her spear with precision at Makerah. He flashed to water each time her weapon's point found his flesh.

Britney leapt into the room, Waterclaw flashed, pulling the water off of Kyle. Her husband rose, freed from the Marid's watery grip.

"Summon Earthbones, big bro!" Fatima shouted as she worked through her katas, her spear forms, driving Makerah back towards the wall.

Fumi shot a green arrow at Christy and Fatima's mother, pulling Christy away from the murderous rage in her mother's eyes. "She's possessed by Hecate!" Christy screamed. "Watch out!"

Fumi screamed as an unspoken spell struck her, wracking her body. She fell to the floor in convulsions. "This is getting meddlesome!" Hecate snarled.

A great anger boiled inside Fatima. Her mother was possessed by that hate-filled Goddess. She stabbed harder at Makerah.

"Kyle!" Aaliyah shouted, rushing into the room.

"You need to get out of here!" Kyle called out. "It's dangerous."

"No!" Fatima declared. "We're finishing this today! You'll be the Sultan, big bro!"

Fatima had Makerah backed into the corner, Ann and Kayleah—her two concubines—joining the attack. Petite Ann danced, her strawberry-blonde hair flying as she kicked and punched, enhanced by Christy.

"He is not the Sultan!" raged Makerah. "No insect can lead the Djinn! I am the Sultan!"

Water exploded.

Fatima was hit by a wave of water, throwing her and the two concubines back away from the Marid. Mad rage swam in Makerah's eyes. Water spouted from all around him. It was chaos in the room. Concubines were hit by the lashing water, sent sprawling as Makerah strode across the room. Other concubines swarmed towards Faiza. But Kyle's mother was possessed by Hecate. The dark goddess cast her spells with ease, and Kyle's concubines were falling unconscious or were wracked by pain.

"Ishtar, come to our aide against your dark foe!" chanted Phillipa as she and Sable strode into the room.

Kyle reached out with his powers and commanded Earthbones to his hand as Makerah advanced on him. The sword flashed to life in his hand, shining with gold light. He fell into his stance, cutting the lashing water that the Marid threw at him.

"You will submit to my will!" Makerah cackled, driving back Toni and Alexina as they tried to leap on him from behind.

"I should have killed you in the throne room," Kyle growled. "This time I'll make sure I finish the job."

He advanced on Makerah, swinging his sword. He reached out to the diamond walls, commanding them. Unlike sapphire, diamond couldn't resist his telepathic command. Shields appeared, ripped from the walls and floors, deflecting Makerah's watery attacks.

Makerah hissed in frustration. Kyle closed with his foe, hacking with his sword. He knew the truth. His sword could hurt Makerah even in his watery form. He believed it and his sword shone with the strength of his conviction.

The Unbound Marid howled in pain as Kyle's sword found flesh. Blood streamed down the Marid's body. But the wounds did not slow him. He cackled, his watery attacks coming faster, battering into the diamond shields that whirled about Kyle.

"I am so much more than any Marid!" Makerah cried out. "I have been transformed by Hecate! Perfected!"

Kyle groaned. "She made you her familiar?"

"Yes!"

"So you're her slave? I thought you said you were the Sultan?"

"I am not her slave!" Another gout of water exploded from the Marid. Kyle's shields barely held back the tide. Shannon screamed in pain as she was caught in the tidal explosion and was sent crashing into a wall. Kyle hoped her enhancements would protect her.

"All familiars are slaves!" Kyle laughed. "I know. I have a bunch of familiars!"

"That's right!" gasped Shannon, forcing herself to rise. "I'm Master's familiar! I'm his slave! Just like you are, Marid!"

"I AM NO SLAVE!"

Water slapped into one of Kyle's diamond shields, knocking the chunk of translucent wall out of the air. The angry Marid channeled his ferocity into his attacks on Kyle, slapping shield after shield out of the sky. Water billowed around him, lashing at him from every direction.

Kyle didn't have the reflexes to stop all these attacks. Makerah left himself completely open, pouring all his energy into killing Kyle. Chyna, Toni, and Shannon took the opportunity to attack the Unbound, landing powerful kicks and punches on the Marid. But Makerah ignored them. All the Unbound cared about was Kyle's death.

Pain cracked across Kyle's leg. A tendril of water slammed into him with the force of a semi-truck. His thighbone snapped, a jagged piece of bone splintering out the side of his thigh. Kyle fell hard, screaming in pain.

Water lashed down onto his chest. Ribs cracked. Pain erupted. Another tendril fell. And another. His body was broken. His ribs crushed. He coughed blood. It hurt to breath. His lungs felt heavy, filling up with his blood.

Kyle's sword fell from his hand.

"Master!" Shannon cried out in fear.

"Brother!" Fatima snarled.

Christy was battered by Hecate's spells, reeling back before the Goddess's power. Phillipa and Sable's spells helped, but none of them were a match for the Goddess's awesome strength. Christy wasn't even sure how her wards were still standing. She had been stripped of her amulet, the focus for her power.

But Ishtar's power still rushed into her, building in her stomach. Growing. The memory of suckling at the goddess's breast, Ishtar's mother milk pouring down into her hungry stomach, consumed Christy. It had been so intimate to suckle from the Goddess. She had been adopted by the Goddess, made a part of Ishtar's flesh.

I've been prepared for this moment. Christy's hazel eyes widened. Ishtar and Hecate had long been rivals, each disagreeing on how magic should be used. Christy always assumed Ishtar rescued her that terrible day as part of the Goddesses ongoing feud. What if it was for this exact moment. To see Hecate defeated.

I need to kill a Goddess to power the unity spell. And I need a Noble Djinn for the focus. All the pieces are here.

"Aaliyah, Zaritha!" Christy shouted, beckoning with her hand. "I need you."

Aaliyah, crouched in the corner watching Kyle's duel with Makerah, whirled into dust, flowing across the battlefield, past all the wounded concubines. She flashed back into the flesh, taking Christy's hand. Zaritha rose in a cloud of steam, her arm dangling, broken by Makerah's mad flailing. She zipped across the room, landing next to them.

"Feed me your power through Zaritha like you did at the school!"

"What are you up to?" Hecate hissed through Faiza's mouth. She clawed through Sable and Phillipa's spell, her eyes dark with rage.

"Britney! I need you to grab Hecate and hold her!"

The Rakshasa stood next to Phillipa and channeled water at Hecate, swirling around the Goddess. Energy poured into Christy, all the power of a Noble Jann. She reached her hand out and grabbed Hecate as the Goddess destroyed Britney's watery bonds.

"Ishtar, send me into the mind of Faiza so I may free her from your enemies bondage."

"No!" hissed Hecate, throwing up a counter spell.

But the power brimming within Aaliyah was immense, seething with the energy of creation. Ishtar's presence in Christy burned hot. It was more than Hecate could handle. Christy fell into Faiza's mind, pulling Zaritha and Aaliyah with her.

Fumi was wracked by pain. Hecate's spell shot agony through her. She could barely follow the battle as the pain gripped her. Her heart beat wildly in her chest, aching under the strain. Nothing she could do could shake the pain.

And then it ended.

Christy, Zaritha, Aaliyah, and Faiza all slumped to the ground, the evil Goddess no longer powering her spells. Fumi shuddered, gasping in relief as she sat up, her Windsight seeking out Kyle.

Fear shot through her. Kyle was battered back by Makerah's attack. Fumi gasped in horror as the Unbound Marid's water crashed into Kyle's leg. He fell and Makerah hammered his body, crushing his legs.

"No!" Fumi shouted and summoned her wind, yanking Kyle back from the crushing blows to her. She cradled her husband's head on her lap. He coughed, his chest crumpled and beaten. "Please, no, Kyle!"

"Fu ... mi..." he struggled to say, his voice thick with blood.

"HE IS MINE!" roared the Marid.

"You have to be okay, Kyle!" sobbed Fumi.

The Marid loomed over them.

Fatima burst between Kyle and the Marid, her yari burning bright.

"You will not have him!" Fatima snarled, surging fire towards him, boiling off the tendrils of water he lashed out with.

Kyle coughed weakly behind her.

Fatima's fire surged hot, driving back Makerah. She lunged with her flaming yari, the Marid flinching before the intensity of her passion. She had never been so angry, so fearful, and so full of love. Her husband was dying, and she would use up every last ounce of strength she had to see him defeated.

Fireheart fed off her passion.

Britney joined her side, knocking away Makerah's attacks with Waterclaw, fighting against the Marid for control of the water flinging through the air. She channeled it back at the Marid, whipping it towards his mad face.

"GET OUT OF MY WAY!"

"You cannot have him!" Fatima shouted.

"I AM THE SULTAN!" the Marid bellowed. "ALL WHO DEFY ME SHALL PERISH!"

More water seemed to be generated, flowing out of the maddened Marid. Fatima had no idea where he pulled the liquid from. Maybe he was creating it with his Djinn power. It sloshed around in great, sweeping tentacles that slammed into concubines and surged at Fatima's fire. Makerah's attacks grew more fierce, building like the relentless tide.

Britney didn't make a sound as a tentacle cracked against her temple. She fell back, rolling across the ground, blood pouring from her split scalp.

"Britney!" screamed Phillipa.

Sable and Phillipa began casting shield spells behind Fatima, protecting the wounded. Protecting Kyle.

I have to beat Makerah! I have to protect Kyle!

More water attacked her, driving back her flames, slowly dousing her passion. Fatima stepped back, Makerah swelling above her, laughing in triumph. Fatima had to be strong. She had to keep fighting.

But the tide was relentless.

The world grew dark around Kyle. The pain in his crushed body slowly fading away. Fumi's pleading cries grew soft, distant. Fatima's fire dimmed. His sister was being driven back. Makerah's water slammed around the room, throwing about the concubines caught in his tide. The water crashed against Phillipa and Sable's spell, protecting them.

For now.

Fatima stepped back. She was losing the fight.

Kyle didn't have the strength to watch any longer.

His eyes closed.

Darkness fell.

Christy looked around at the dark void of Faiza's mind. Faiza huddled in a far corner, wrapped in chains, sobbing and pleading. Hecate stood, pale-faced, dark-hair, her face ravished by age. She was a twisted crone, full of bile and hate.

"Christy," she hissed, striding forward.

"Free Faiza from Hecate," she hissed to Aaliyah and Zaritha. "This is her mind!"

"I am not the one that imprisoned her!" laughed Hecate. "She swore to be my vessel willingly!"

"I was tricked!" sobbed Faiza. "You took my memory! I didn't know what I was agreeing to! You kept the truth from me!"

"She swore an oath, Christy," Hecate cackled. "You know all about swearing oaths."

Christy shivered beneath Hecate's baleful gaze. But she held strong. Ishtar's blessing was with her. "I made a mistake, just like Faiza did! I did not know what a loathsome, foul creature I was submitting to!"

The Goddess's will crashed into Christy. She screamed, hunkering down beneath the immensity of Hecate. She tried to push against the fist of the Goddess's thoughts. She was like a bug straining against the crushing boot.

The only thing keeping her mind from squishing was the warmth of Ishtar's milk. I was prepared for this moment. I need to believe that I can survive. That I can fulfill the prophecy. Kyle needs the power. It is the only way to defeat the Unbound Marid.

I just need to hold on!

Aaliyah and Zaritha tore at the chains wrapping around Faiza. Christy screamed behind them, her pain knifing through Aaliyah's heart. The force of Hecate's will echoed through Faiza's mind, buffeting Aaliyah's senses. "She is so powerful!" groaned Zaritha, hunching down. "How can we defeat her?"

"We can't," moaned Faiza. "She is too much. I have fought her for days, but I couldn't stop her."

"We can do it together!" Aaliyah insisted, forcing herself to be strong, to be the Sultana. She ripped more of the metaphysical bonds from Faiza. "Stand, Mother, and we shall defeat this foul Goddess!"

Faiza shook her head. "I can't."

"You can, Mother!"

Aaliyah heaved Faiza up, forcing her to stand straight in the face of Hecate's will. Christy was hunched into a ball, barely keeping the Goddess from snuffing out their minds. Aaliyah pushed her will into Hecate, trying to force back the immense power.

"Help me!" Aaliyah commanded, seizing Zaritha and Faiza's hand and striding towards Christy and the hag. "We can beat her together. This is your mind, Faiza! Yours! Take it back! For your son and daughter!"

Faiza's hand tightened in her grasp. "For Kyle and Fatima!"

They slammed their will into the Goddess's. Christy's moans lessened, her wife sitting up, a determined expression on her face. Aaliyah kept on the pressure, forcing her will harder and harder at the goddess.

"I am the daughter of Sheikh Umar ibn al-Jann! I am the wife of Sultan Kyle Unmei! The strength of my ancestors fills me!"

Hecate recoiled, fixing her eyes on Aaliyah. "Pesky Jann!"

The crushing will of Hecate slammed into Aaliyah. The Goddess focused every bit of her will upon the Jann. Aaliyah's knees wanted to buckle beneath the assault and her spine wanted to break. But she wouldn't bow her head. She wouldn't submit.

"I am Sultana of the Hidden People!" Aaliyah spat, stepping towards Hecate, pushing back her will. She had been raised to be meek, to submit to her father and husband. Her will had been bridled, hidden beneath her submissive demeanor. Aaliyah unleashed its full power. "Bow and pay homage to the rightful rulers of the Hidden Realm!"

"No!" the crone hissed, her knees bending. "No! How?"

"Kill her, Faiza!" Christy shouted. "This is your mind. Shape a weapon and end Hecate's existence."

"Please!" gasped the Goddess, forced down to her hands and knees. "I submit. I am your most humble and abject servant."

Faiza strode forward, a sinuous dagger appearing in her hand. "You wanted to kill my son and all my daughters!"

The dagger flashed. Hecate's blood spurted.

"Ishtar!" Christy chanted, seizing Aaliyah's hand. "Channel the energy of Hecate into the Noble Djinn. Let her be your focus and Hecate your fuel. Let the power of the five artifacts all rest in the hands of Kyle Unmei! Let the six of us unite in one spirit."

Energy poured into Aaliyah's soul. The Darkness of Christy and her staff merged with her. Aaliyah became one with Christy, their souls merging. Fiery Fatima's soul flowed in next, adding her love and heart to the fire. Fumi and her beguiling wind gusted in, bringing fresh delight to Aaliyah's soul. Deep water flooded in, carrying the deep intelligence of Britney.

Then their united souls poured into Kyle. They met his stony strength, uniting with his strong love. Aaliyah was mixed with them all, merging together to form one happy soul brimming with such power. Aaliyah laughed for delight. Fatima, Britney, Christy, Kyle, and Fumi laughed with her.

Their six souls were one.

Energy poured into Kyle.

Aaliyah, Fatima, Fumi, Christy, and Britney merged into his soul.

Kyle's eyes shot open.

Makerah loomed over him, hammering at the shields Phillipa and Sable had conjured.

"Where's did they go?" Sable gasped. "Where's Christy?"

"Britney?" cried out Phillipa.

They were inside Kyle, merged with him. "Everything will be okay," Kyle said, the sound of six voices issuing from his lips.

"Britney?" Phillipa gasped. "Are you in him?"

"I am," Kyle answered as he rose. His body was no longer battered.

"I AM THE SULTAN!" raged Makerah, crashing another wave into the shield.

Kyle transformed Earthbones into Waterclaw with a thought. He guided the water away from the shield, striding out to face the Marid. Makerah's eyes widened as Waterclaw became Windfeather. A howl of wind slammed into Makerah, throwing the Marid across the room.

"What?" gasped Makerah, blinking in bewilderment.

Windfeather became Fireheart. "You tried to hurt my family!" Kyle snarled, fire lashing out, boiling away Makerah's water.

"Master?" his concubines called out, dragging themselves to the side. They were all soaked, their bodies battered by the violence of Makerah's waves. It drove Kyle's passion. He channeled all of it into the heat roasting Makerah.

"No!" screamed Makerah.

Makerah became water, flowing through the damaged diamond wall and crashing through the sapphire door, shattering the gemstone. He flowed into the hallway of the palace, fleeing before the intensity of Kyle's fire, howling in terror.

Kyle smiled. Fireheart became Shadowedge. Kyle folded darkness and appeared in the hallway behind the fleeing Marid. Shadowedge flashed gold into Earthbones, and Kyle molded the blue stone of the hallway, cutting off Makerah's path.

Makerah reformed into flesh, turning to face Kyle. "What are you?"

"A man," Kyle answered. "Supported by those who love me."

Water lashed from Makerah. The weapon in Kyle's hand shifted as he used all the elements. Water guided Makerah's attack from Kyle's flesh. Earth blocked the attacks. Fire boiled them away. Wind disrupted the waves. Darkness transported Kyle to safety.

He hurtled a piece of stone at Makerah, slamming into the Marid. Makerah became water. Kyle sent a great gust down the hallway, carrying Makerah into the wall. Fire roared, boiling away Makerah's essence as he reformed into flesh.

"Please!" howled the Marid.

Kyle stood over the blubbering Marid.

"Mercy! I surrender."

Britney and Fatima urged Kyle to kill him. Aaliyah and Fumi were moved with pity. Christy was twisted with indecision. Kyle ... wanted to end the monster. But he was so pathetic, blubbering like a child that had lost its favorite toy.

Makerah's attack caught Kyle in the stomach.

The wind was knocked out of his chest as he fell back. The blow would have killed Kyle if [he] wasn't swimming with the power and essence of five others. The pain was intense, burning through him. Makerah scrambled up, fleeing down the corridor as Kyle struggled to stand. Fatima berated Kyle.

Kyle stood up and chased after Makerah, Windfeather summoning a great breeze that propelled him forward. But Makerah was swift, hurtling through the hallways as a whirling mist. Other Marid crowded the corridors, cowering as Kyle hurtled past.

Britney believed Makerah was going for the throne room.

Fumi agreed.

Windfeather became Shadowedge.

Kyle folded space and appeared in the throne room. He stood on the very spot where he had failed to save his mother.

Aaliyah and Christy proclaimed with joy that they had saved Faiza.

The Marid gasped at the sight of him, recoiling as he stood in the center of the throne room waiting for Makerah to appear. Power radiated from him. Shadowedge became Fireheart, the tip of the yari burning bright.

Britney told Kyle when to strike.

He hurtled a great ball of fire towards the entrance to the throne room. Britney was sure Makerah was about to enter through the door. She had calculated Makerah's speed and the path. The sapphire floor cracked from the heat of the fireball as it streaked across the throne room.

Makerah stepped through the doorway.

Water flashed into steam as he screamed in pain. The fire boiled the Unbound Makerah. Kyle held firm, ignoring his piteous screams. He had shown Makerah mercy. The Unbound had repaid him with treachery. Even Aaliyah and Fumi agreed to kill him now. Kyle poured all his energy into the fire. Steam billowed, rolling along the ceiling of the throne room.

The fire ate through Makerah's flesh, reaching his heart. The chains of diamond wrapped around the Unbound's foul heart anchored him to the Hidden Realm. The links glowed cherry red. The diamond weakened beneath the heat, melting, running like iron heated cherry-red.

Makerah was Unbound no longer. His soul was pulled into Haawiyah for the crimes he had committed.

Kyle released the energy.

Christy, Aaliyah, Fumi, Fatima, and Britney flashed into existence around him, each holding their artifact. Fatima whooped, thrusting her spear up into the air. Fumi smiled at him, and Christy leaned on her staff, wiping her sweaty brow. Britney nodded at him.

And Aaliyah took his hand. "Take your throne, Sultan," she whispered.

"You earned it, big bro," beamed Fatima.

Fumi slipped up and took his other hand. "Take what is yours."

Kyle crossed the room, his back straight. He let Earthbones disappear in a flash of gold and sat upon the throne of the Djinn, gazing out at the quavering Marid. They cast fearful glances at the half-molten spot where Makerah had been consumed.

The first Marid stumbled forward, falling to his knees. "Sultan!" he cried out, falling prostrate before Kyle.

"Sultan!" Another Marid. "Sultan!" A few more. And then the dam broke and the rest flooded into the throne room, bowing before the mortal that had claimed the Sultanate.

"What is your command?"

Kyle had no idea. His wives joined him, standing around his throne. He stared out at the assembled Marid. What am I going to do as Sultan of the Djinn? Aaliyah whispered a suggestion into his ear. "Summon the Sheikhs to Sahabah to celebrate my coronation," Kyle declared. "All should celebrate this happy day with feasts."

"Yes, Sultan," a trembling Marid nobleman said. "But who shall lead the Marid? Who will be our Sheikh?"

"Rashid's daughter," Kyle answered. "She shall be your Sheikha."

The concubines limped in as the courtiers bustled off to ready the feast. His women were all bedraggled and battered, but they all had smiles on their faces. He saw all their faces. None had been killed by Makerah's rampage.

"Master, Mistresses," Shannon bowed before the throne. The rest of the concubines, even Hawaa, followed her in.

Kyle smiled at his harem.

"We are ready to serve you."

Kyle's breath caught as his mother stepped into the throne room, her arms hugging tight to her body. "Mom," Kyle said, rising up from the throne. Tears brimmed in his eyes. She was alive and free.

"Mom!" Fatima cried out, racing from Kyle's throne across the room and throwing her arms around Faiza.

"My baby girl." Tears ran down his mom's cheek as she clutched her daughter tight.

Kyle stood up, striding towards them. He threw his arm around both of them, hugging them tight. "Is it really you, Mom?"

"Yes, dear," she smiled.

"Mother!" Aaliyah cried out, joining the hug.

"I'm so relieved," Christy said. "It's nice that you're back with us Faiza."

Fumi walked up, hanging back. Kyle frowned. "What's wrong?"

"I haven't been introduced yet."

Kyle laughed. "Right. Mom, this is Fumi."

His mother broke away, looking at the trembling, Japanese woman. "So you're my son's fourth wife."

"I am ... Mother."

Kyle's mother seized Fumi in a tight hug. "I'm so glad you make him happy."

"Thank you," breathed Fumi, tears running out of her all-white eyes. "We make each other happy."

"Perhaps we should retire to somewhere more private," Aaliyah suggested. "You have a lot to tell your mother about."

"Like Kyle being a father," Chyna smiled, touching her stomach.

"What?" his mother gasped.

"She's not the only one," Fatima added. "My period should have started two days ago. You're going to be a grandmother!"
Epilogue »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | mypenname3000's Page « The Battered Lamp Index « Chapter 37 |   Bottom
Epilogue: The Harem of Delights
Posted: May 19, 2015 - 10:23:43 pm

Thanks to bob for beta-reading this!

Wednesday, October 29th – The Ruins of Alexandria, Egypt

Britney studied the rippling wall of seawater. It was fascinating staring out into the Mediterranean from the submerged ruins of Alexandria. Half-buried stone columns and walls peaked out of the silt deposited by the Nile. The seabed was covered in seaweed and sea creatures while fish flashed through the murky water.

Waterclaw glowed blue at her waist as she channeled back the water. She didn't have to concentrate anymore. After nine months with the katar, she had become so used to controlling water, she didn't even have to think about it any longer.

"It's so fascinating to watch," Phillipa announced, slipping up behind her.

"Have you discovered the scroll?"

Phillipa pressed into Britney's back, her arms reaching around to stroke Britney's stomach. Britney loved the feel of her mate pressing into her back and her warm breath on her neck. The Rakshasa's cock stirred in her silk pantaloons.

"No," Phillipa sighed. "Christy and Sable are searching deeper into the complex."

"And what are you doing?" Britney shuddered as Phillipa's hand slid higher up her body, brushing the bottom of her breasts beneath her silk vest. Then her hand slipped beneath the garment to squeeze her heavy tit.

"Taking a break." She had such a playful tone to her voice; Britney's cock hardened. "I brought some toys."

"Such as?"

"Ropes, a chain flogger, nipple weights."

"A butt plug?"

Phillipa's hand squeezed Britney's breast. "I wouldn't want to be spanked without one."

The lust burned through Britney. Her cock pressed against her pantaloons. She had to ravish her mate. She spun about, kissing Phillipa's lush lips, her hand stroking the pale-olive complexion of Phillipa's round face, Phillipa's slanted eyes squeezing shut as Britney seized her mouth. Her hand ripped open Phillipa's white, silk blouse, her breasts spilling out. Britney seized her nipples, pinching them hard; Phillipa moaned in pain. Britney's cock throbbed harder.

"Little slut," Britney hissed. "You just wanted to be fucked in your naughty cunt!"

"So bad!"

Britney twisted a nipple, pain swimming in Phillipa's dark eyes. A tear leaked down her cheek. Britney licked up the salty drop, savoring her mate's pain. It made her harder, and the Rakshasa could smell how wet it made Phillipa.

"Take your clothes off," Britney commanded. "A slut doesn't need to wear anything."

"Yes, Mistress."

Britney's blood burned as her mate submitted to her lusts, discarding her ruined blouse and wiggling out of her pantaloons, throwing them on the silty floor. A hint of blood caught Britney's nose, inflaming her more. Phillipa's period had just ended.

Phillipa was disappointed. She wanted to carry Britney's child. But it wasn't time. Rakshasas went into heat only once or twice in their lives. Britney did not expect that to happen for a few more years. Then she would take Phillipa hard and plant a baby in her belly.

Another Rakshasa. A daughter to serve Kyle's heir.

"Where are your supplies?" Britney hissed, tearing off her own blouse and shoving her pantaloons down. She set Waterclaw on the floor, its blue light undulating around the room.

"Ishtar, return to your servant the items she left in your care," Phillipa chanted, her jade amulet flashing green between her breasts. A chest swirled into being at Britney's feet.

"What a useful spell." Britney bent down and opened up the chest. The first item she grabbed was the hemp rope. The fibers were rough; they would irritate Phillipa's flesh—her mate wanted this to be as painful as possible.

Britney loved her so much.

The Rakshasa grabbed the thick butt-plug, tapered to a point, and shoved it up Phillipa's ass without any lube. Phillipa moaned in pain, her juices trickling out of her shaved pussy. Britney couldn't resist taking a swipe with her tongue, savoring Phillipa's tart pussy.

Then Britney grabbed the rope.

Phillipa knew how to move so Britney could tie her up, wrapping her beautiful body with complicated loops of rope. She had long been a fan of shibari, Japanese rope bondage. Phillipa's breasts were bound, forcing them into two bulging mound, then Britney wrapped another rope through Phillipa's groin, pulling it tight through the crack of her ass and across her pussy. Her labia engulfed the rope, soaking the fibers.

Her mate looked so beautiful tied up. Britney grabbed the nipple weights. They were quite heavy. Phillipa was bound in a kneeling position, her hands tied to her knees, her squeezed tits hanging beneath her. She screamed as Britney attached the first weight, the clamp biting into her nipple, the weight stretching out her tit.

"Remember the first time I clamped you," Britney whispered, attaching the second weight. "You screamed so beautifully."

"I do, Mistress," Phillipa smiled, tears brimming in her eyes. "That was such a magical night. I loved every second of it, even if I couldn't admit."

Britney's cock thrust hard in front of her. She grabbed Phillipa's face and thrust her cock deep into her mouth. She grabbed the flogger, the tails made of fine links of chain, and brought it down hard on her mate's pale ass.

Phillipa's muffled screams vibrated around her cock as Britney brought the flogger down over and over, striping Phillipa's ass in red welts. She thrust harder into her mate's mouth, her breasts bouncing and the flogger snapping.

"Your ass is so beautiful welted red!" panted Britney, bringing the flogger down again. The clinking smack was so satisfying. "My beautiful, submissive whore!"

Phillipa's tongue worked on her cock, her tear-filled eyes looking up at Britney with such submission and beauty. Britney thrust harder, pleasure flooding through her body. Her pussy dripped juices down her thighs and her cock itched with her need.

Crack!

"What a perfect slut you are!"

Crack!

"My beautiful, wonderful mate!"

Crack!

Phillipa moaned, sucking harder. The vibrations hummed through Britney's cock.

Crack!

Britney's body tensed. The moment neared.

Crack!

"I love you, cunt!" she moaned, cracking the chain flogger down. "You are perfect!"

Crack!

Britney shuddered and she tossed her head back, squeezing her green eyes. The flogger fell from her hand as her cock erupted, flooding her mate's mouth with squirt after squirt of her cum. Phillipa swallowed, loving every drop, swirling her tongue around.

"Yes!" Britney hissed, digging her fingers into Phillipa's scalp. "You are perfect."

She pulled her cock out. Phillipa licked her salty lips.

"I love you, Mistress."

Britney smiled, leaning down, and kissed her mate's cum-stained lips.

Sahabah, The Hidden Realm

Fumi lay on the bed on her side, a pillow beneath her pregnant belly. She was seven months along, Kyle's daughter kicking in her stomach. She knew it was a daughter—Yuki-onna only bore daughters. Their daughter would have Fumi's curse, but she wouldn't suffer the same way Fumi had.

"We'll find you a Si'lat bride with a cock," Fumi whispered, stroking her stomach. "You'll never have to experience the guilt of killing a man."

Currents drifted through the palace harem, painting everything in the room green allowing Fumi to see with her Windsight. Her daughter wouldn't have to sacrifice her sight to be with the man she loved. Fumi never regretted the cost, but she did miss seeing colors. No spell the witches had tried would fix her sight.

The Kami of the hot spring is far more powerful than three mortal witches.

The man she loved lounged on another bed. There were many beds scattered throughout the large room of his apartment. A very pregnant Chyna was pressed to his side, his mouth nursing from her ample tits. Kyle loved to drink breast milk from his concubines, and Fumi couldn't wait for the day she nursed her husband.

Alexina rode his cock. Her pregnancy was only starting to show, casting a graceful curve to her belly beneath her breasts. The blonde rode Kyle with enthusiasm, stirring Fumi's passion. The Yuki-onna's lily-scented pheromones filled her nose, flooding through the room.

"Fuck her hard, Master," purred Toni, lounging on the other side of Kyle. She was one of the few human concubines that hadn't conceived a child. She was still on birth control. The concubines were staggering their pregnancies.

"Mistress," Naila purred, stretching behind Fumi, pressing her small breasts into Fumi's back. "I can smell your excitement." The Si'lat concubine's cock swelled, pressing into Fumi's butt and leaking wonderful precum that stirred her succubus hungers. "Do you need to be fed?"

"Kyle always gets me excited when he plays with his concubines." Fumi stirred. "Where's your sister?"

"Playing with mother," giggled Naila. "Tarah does love to fuck our mother's cunt. It's so very wrong."

Fumi's shuddered, picturing the young Si'lat atop Hawaa's mature beauty, pumping her hips and spurting her incestuous cum into the woman. Fumi hoped Hawaa conceived a child. A Si'lat could only bear another Si'lat's child. Fumi pussy itched, and she sat up awkwardly, clutching her swollen belly. Naila rolled onto her back, her cock jutting up.

"I need your cum," Fumi moaned. "I need you to feed me and my growing daughter."

"Yes, Mistress," Naila moaned, her voice liquid desire.

Fumi straddled her concubine's waist, seizing her hard cock and guiding it between her thighs. She brushed it against her pussy, her body tingling as Naila's precum touched her pussy. Fumi needed the cum, sliding down the Si'lat's cock.

"Oh, yes! I love your cunt, Mistress!"

Naila's hands roamed up her swollen belly to her breasts. Her nipples ached and Naila's massages relieved the soreness. Her breasts had swelled since her pregnancy, no longer the small hills, but growing into round melons. She shifted her hips, sliding up and down on her concubine's delightful cock.

"Cum in me, Master! Flood my cunt!" gasped Alexina.

Fumi smelled Kyle's release of cum, flooding his concubine's cunt. Fumi's pussy squeezed down on Naila's dick, eager for the same taste of passion. She rose her hips up, swirling and twisting, then sliding back down, her pussy clenching down on the shaft.

"Oh, Master, that felt like a big load," sighed Alexina, rolling off Kyle. Toni wasted no time burying her face between Alexina's legs, licking and sucking his cum out.

"Give me a big load, slut!" Fumi hissed, riding her concubine faster. Her fingers found Naila's perky tits, squeezing up and pinching at her nipple.

"Mistress, yes!"

Her bed shifted, Kyle's naked, muscular form approaching her, his cock hard. He was so handsome. Fumi sent a breeze gusting, painting Kyle in perfect detail. His muscles were sculpted and rippling, a hungry grin crossing his face—a mix of Kurdish and Japanese features.

"I could smell you as I fucked Alexina," he growled. "My wife needs cum."

"So much cum!" Fumi moaned, riding Naila faster.

Kyle squeezed her ass, spreading her cheeks apart. "You're such a cock-whore, Fumi."

"The biggest!" she moaned, his finger teasing her asshole. "Fuck your wife's ass. Feed me cum! Our daughter needs it!"

His muscular chest pressed against her back, his hand brushing aside her black hair to suck and nip at her neck. His cock, wet with Alexina's cunt, slid against her ass, guided to her other hole. She shuddered, arching her back as two cocks entered her.

"You are so tight with a cock in your cunt!" moaned Kyle, his hands wrapping around her body, stroking her round stomach. Their daughter kicked, eager for the energy that both mother and unborn child craved.

Fumi worked her body between both cocks. Her head thrown back, working between them. She was stuffed so full. They found a rhythm, Fumi and Kyle working together, giving each other pleasure. Her bowels burned and pussy itched. Two thick cocks worked in and out of her, the mix of sensations swirling in her core.

"Fuck me!" she moaned. "I need your cum!"

"My insatiable, cock-hungry slut!" Kyle hissed. "I love you so much!"

"Me, too, Mistress!" gasped Naila, playing with Fumi's nipples. "I'm going to cum! Your pussy is so hot and tight!"

"Cum in her, Si'lat whore!" gasped Kyle, pumping harder. "Let's give my wife what she needs!"

"Wonderful!" moaned Fumi, shuddering beneath Kyle's hard thrusts. Her pleasure swelled, growing within her. She squeezed her eyes shut, a small orgasm quaking through her. Her holes massaged both cocks, milking them, eager to drink their cum.

"Mistress!" gasped Naila.

Her cum erupted into Fumi's pussy. Every nerve exploded in the Yuki-onna's cunt as her sheath drank in the delicious juices. "Yes! Give it to me, cunt! Flood my pussy! I need your energy!"

Fumi shuddered and writhed as she drank Naila's energy, her daughter kicking hard in the womb. Kyle slammed his cock into her bowels. She squeezed down, eager to experience the gift of her husband's cum.

"Fumi!" he grunted. "Oh, fuck!"

She shuddered, a third orgasm burning through her as the first squirt of Kyle's cum flooded her ass, giving her body a wonderful taste of pleasure. She loved it, savoring the delights her husband had to offer her.

"I love you, Kyle," she moaned as he kissed at her neck.

Fatima shuddered as she squatted over Kayleah's face, stroking her bleached-blonde locks. The air was filled with the scent of blossoms, and the cool shade of a sweet cedar covered them. She knelt on the soft loam in the Harem garden, her concubine mouth sealed over Fatima's pussy. Kayleah drank the piss that poured out. Fatima had to piss all the time; Kyle's baby pressed on her bladder.

Her belly was so swollen. She stroked it as Kayleah's mouth drank her piss, her pussy tingling as the pee flowed out of her. It was such a relief. She was so happy to be pregnant and couldn't wait to give birth. It was any day now.

At least I finally grew some tits.

She had a nice pair now and Ann nursed hungrily. Her colostrum, or premilk, had come in, and Ann loved the rich flavor. Pleasure shuddered through Fatima as she stroked Ann's strawberry blonde locks as the eager concubine nursed at her perky tit.

"You wonderful sluts," she shuddered, Kayleah's tongue licking through her pussy, cleaning up all the piss.

"Thank you for your gift," Kayleah moaned, her words muffled by Fatima's pussy.

"Keep licking and you'll get another," promised Fatima.

Kayleah licked harder, swirling her tongue through Fatima's drenched pussy. Fatima stroked her belly as the pleasure soared through her. Kayleah knew how to please her mistress, her tongue flashing through all the wonderful places before Kayleah's lips sucked at her clit.

"That's it, whore!" Fatima arched her back, her hips writhing, sliding her pussy about Kayleah's face. "Suck my twat! Oh, yes! You're my lesbian slut!"

"We both are," purred Ann, kissing over to Fatima's other breast, sucking hard.

Fatima arched her back, the two lips of her concubines sending fireworks exploding through her. She held Ann to her breast, her nipple tingling as Ann suckled. Her orgasm shuddered through her, hot like a knife. Pussy juices squirted out of her, flooding Kayleah's mouth.

"You wonderful sluts," panted Fatima. "That hit the spot."

She stood up, her body swimming with bliss. Kayleah smiled up at her, juices smeared across her lips and cheeks. "Thank you for that gift."

Ann leaned over, kissing Kayleah on the lips, her hand reaching out to stroke Kayleah's belly. She wasn't showing yet, but Kayleah carried her brother's child as well.

"I think it's time for you to be bred, Ann," Fatima declared. "You are ovulating today, right?"

"I am, Mistress," Ann smiled.

Fatima seized her concubine's hand, hauling her up. "Let's go."

Ann giggled as Fatima hauled her through the harem garden. She passed Lois fucking Ms. Capello hard with a strap-on. The pregnant, former teacher was on all fours, moaning for joy, her heavy breasts and swollen belly jiggling beneath her.

Fatima found her brother lounging with Fumi on one side of him and Mindy on the other side. He had the former nurse's tit in his mouth, drinking her breast milk. Fatima was sure Kyle wanted to live on a diet of breast milk.

"Big bro," she declared, pushing Ann at the bed. "It's time you knocked up my sweet Ann."

Kyle pulled his lips away from Mindy's tit, licking drops of sweet milk up. His gaze fell on Ann's petite, youthful body, his cock hardening. "You know I can't resist you anything, Fatima."

"And it's such a difficult request she's making," laughed Fumi, her hand sliding down to his hardening cock, stroking him as Ann crawled across the bed.

"But you have to make sacrifices for the ones you love," Kyle grinned.

"You are such a pig, big bro," laughed Fatima, worming between him and Mindy, pressing her swollen belly against him. She grasped his cock with Fumi, holding it up as her concubine lowered her tight slit down his cock, her pussy spreading wide open.

"Fuck," groaned Kyle. "She has a tight cunt."

"Only the best for my husband," Fatima giggled, stroking his muscular stomach.

Mindy pressed into Fatima's back, sliding her hands around to dip between Fatima's thighs. Fatima shuddered as the concubine's fingers played in her pussy. Kyle grunted as Ann slid up his shaft, her nipples hard on her barely budding tits.

"Knock her up, big bro," Fatima hissed as Mindy rubbed at her clit. It was so hot watching her husband fuck another woman. Her concubine. "Enjoy my gift."

"Always!" he groaned, his face twisting with rapture as Ann worked faster up and down on his cock. "Fuck me, slut!"

"Yes, Master!' she gasped. "Cum in me! Put a baby in my belly!"

"In nine months, you'll be nursing from her tit," Fatima purred, her own excitement building. She wanted to see Ann's budding breasts well up, her nipples growing darker and fatter, milk beading out. "We'll nurse from her together."

"That sounds wonderful!" Kyle grunted, leaning over to kiss Fatima on the lips. "I love you, Fatima."

She smiled and shuddered, Mindy's massaging fingers sending small waves of rapture rippling through Fatima's body. Her unborn child kicked, excited as she was. Fatima smiled, savoring the pleasure, and watched Ann's cunt slide up and down on her husband's cock. She rested her head on his muscular chest. He grunted, trembling beneath her, pumping cum into Ann's fertile cunt. Ann gasped, shuddering in orgasm, pussy cream and spunk flowing out of her cunt.

"On your back and put a pillow under your ass!" Fatima ordered. "And no licking her clean, Fumi. I want her bred!"

"Fine," the Japanese woman pouted. "But his cum smells so delicious."

Fatima took a deep breath, a mix of sweat, cum, and pussy juices tickled her nose. "Yes, it does."

"Has there been any word yet?" Aaliyah asked as Zaritha knelt next to her.

"No, Mistress," the Ifrit smile. "Not yet. Christy will find it."

Aaliyah was the only one of Kyle's wife not pregnant yet. Nine months of trying and she had not conceived. There was some incompatibility between their natures. Aaliyah so wanted to bear her husband's heir. She was Kyle's first wife. It was her duty.

"It'll work out," Teleisia said.

Aaliyah stroked her concubine's thick, black hair as Teleisia laid her head on Aaliyah's lap. A gentle breeze blew through the garden, thick with jasmine and cool from the mist of the nearby waterfall, relieving some of the heat.

"I think you need to have some of the worry taken away," Zaritha murmured, nuzzling at Aaliyah's neck. "I brought a few toys."

Aaliyah's body stirred. "Toys?"

A wicked grin crossed Zaritha's hungry lips. "A few delights from the mortal world. They do come up with the best toys for women to play with."

"Definitely," Teleisia smiled, rolling up, her naked, ebony breasts swaying. "Come on, my Sultana, let's have some fun. It's a pleasant way to past the time."

Aaliyah took a deep breath. Playing with the Ifrit and her concubine did sound like fun. "Okay."

Zaritha pushed Aaliyah back onto the soft grass, her silks melting away at a thought. The grass blades tickled her back and buttocks, and a few even caressed her dripping pussy lips as she spread her thighs. Zaritha reached into a bag and pulled out a long collection of beads, starting out small and growing larger, all attached together to form a rod.

"Anal beads," Aaliyah smiled.

"Let me get you ready," purred Teleisia, kneeling between Aaliyah's thighs, spreading her farther apart.

Aaliyah conjured a pillow beneath her rear, her body rising up as it formed, letting Teleisia's hungry mouth delve between Aaliyah's butt-cheeks to lick and nuzzle at her asshole. Naughty pleasure tingled through the Djinn.

"Umm, your tongue always knows how to please me."

"Thank you, Sultana," beamed the Black concubine, then her tongue dipped back in, pressing into Aaliyah's bowels, swirling pleasure through her body.

"What else is in there?" Aaliyah smiled as Zaritha dipped in again. She pulled out a small vibrator, the device humming to life. It was shaped like an egg. Aaliyah smiled as Zaritha brought it to her dusky nipples.

Aaliyah gasped as the vibration tingled through her nipple. Zaritha leaned over, engulfing Aaliyah's other nipple with her mouth, the Ifrit sucking hard as she slid the egg vibrator around Aaliyah's areola.

The pleasure stirred through her, mixing with Teleisia's tongue. Aaliyah's head lulled, her eyes closing as she let the gentle touch of the concubines roll through her. Teleisia worked two fingers into her pussy, coating them with the growing stickiness.

"I love fingering you, Sultana," moaned Teleisia, pulling those fingers from her pussy and working them in and out of her ass, lubing her up.

"You do it so well," moaned Aaliyah.

Twice more Teleisia dipped into Aaliyah's dripping snatch to get her juices. Then the Djinn's ass was ready.

The first anal bead popped into her bowels, her sphincter closing around it. Then the second, slightly wider, spreading her out more. Her bowels clung to the orbs on their thin rod as they wormed deeper. A third bead popped in, pleasure tingling through her. Then a fourth, a fifth. "Oh, yes!" Aaliyah moaned as the wide, sixth bead spread her sphincter open, and then it popped in, her bowels squeezing down. "You wonderful slut!"

Teleisia's tongue nuzzled at Aaliyah's pussy, licking through her folds as the Djinn's asshole clung to the invading beads. Zaritha pulled her lips away from Aaliyah's breast, a mischievous twinkle on her eye, then the Ifrit drew the egg vibrator down Aaliyah's stomach towards her pussy.

The Djinn shuddered as the egg vibrator shoved inside her dripping pussy. The vibrations rolled through her, rattling the anal beads inside her. Teleisia nibbled and sucked at Aaliyah's clit, the Ifrit's mouth returning to nip and suck at Aaliyah's nipples.

"You wonderful sluts!" gasped Aaliyah, her hips twitching, a small orgasm churning through her. "Oh, yes!"

The pleasure grew, intensifying inside her. Aaliyah was lost to the bliss. Rapture sang in her mind. She writhed on the grass and let the two concubines pleasure her. Teleisia's tongue batted her clit, sending another orgasm stirring through her.

Then Teleisia ripped the anal beads out of her.

Her asshole pulsed with passion, spasming open and close as bead after bead was pulled out. The pleasure crashed into the bliss churned by the vibrator. Aaliyah's hips rose. She cried out loud, her body shuddering, a powerful orgasm rocking her body.

"Yes, yes, yes! You wonderful, slutty whores! Thank you!"

She collapsed on the grass, breathing heavily, struggling to think beneath the lethargy of her bliss. The vibrator stopped humming inside her. Her eyes closed and she drifted off to sleep, the concubines cuddled up around her.

The Ruins of Alexandria, Egypt

"Ishtar, breath new life into this ruined parchment." Christy's amber amulet flared to life as the scraps of parchment she found shimmered, the destroyed text restored by the spell. She could read the ancient Demotic thanks to a translation spell she had cast earlier.

Disappoint shot through her. It wasn't the scroll that held the key for Aaliyah to conceive Kyle's child. The scrying pointed to the answer being found in the lost Library of Alexandria. But after a day, Christy, Sable, and Phillipa hadn't found the right scroll.

Christy reached into the shell, brushing away the silt to find another scrap of parchment when her pantaloons were yanked off her hips and soft lips nuzzled at her ass. "Sable," Christy said as her concubine's tongue nuzzled at her asshole.

"Let's take a break and make love, Mistress," Sable moaned, her hand sliding between Christy's thighs to brush at her pussy.

Christy moaned, a shudder passing through her as the concubine's skilled touch sent pleasure through her. She wanted to relent, but she also wanted to find the key for Aaliyah to conceive. She deserves to experience this joy. Christy's hand stroked her belly. She wasn't showing yet, she was only two months pregnant, but soon she would start to swell and show.

Sable's tongue nuzzled at her pussy, insistent and demanding. She leaned against the shelf, letting the witch lick her pussy. Sable would always be devoted to her. The Love Elemental's attack insured that.

Christy tried to ignore her tongue probing up into her pussy, itching her flesh. Soft fingers found her budding clit, stroking them. Christy shuddered, trying to focus on the piece of parchment before her. The pleasure swelled inside her. Sable knew just where to lick.

She cast the spell anyways.

The scroll grew in her hand. "Oh, wow," Christy moaned, trying to read the Demotic script. It was an alphabet based of hieroglyphics, but the text was written in Koine Greek.

Sable rolled her clit, shudders of bliss pouring through her as she concentrated on the dry text. It was a mystic scroll. The Mystery Religions were born in Egypt, spreading through Greece and the rest of the world. Witchcraft had been born in this ancient land, and Alexandria was were all their knowledge had been kept.

"You taste so delicious," purred Sable. "Cum for me, Mistress."

Christy groaned, her concubine slurping with persistence, feasting on her pussy juices. Her stomach tensed, a shudder wracking through her. She concentrated on the scroll, reading the text, ignoring the pleasure spasming through her body.

Her eyes widened. "This is it, Sable!"

A great shudder spasmed through her body. She leaned against the ancient, clay shelf, clutching the scroll as excitement and passion trembled through her, pouring out into Sable's hungry mouth. Christy stumbled back, clutching the scroll.

"We found it, Sable!"

Her concubine rose, a smile on her cute face. "Awesome!" She threw her arms around Christy, kissing her Mistress. Christy tasted her tangy musk, savoring the flavor. "Master is going to be so happy!"

Christy nodded, summoning Shadowedge. "Let's find Britney and Phillipa so we can go home."

"I heard Phillipa moaning that way," Sable giggled. "I think they took a break as well."

Sahabah, The Hidden Realm

Kyle dozed between Fumi and Fatima, Ann curled in a ball at his feet. He hoped he planted a baby in her. Fatima was so excited to breed her young concubine. Sleep was just luring him away, pulling him down into darkness, when a woman cried out.

"I found it!"

Kyle opened his eyes to see Christy jumping on to the bed, naked and flushed with excitement. "What?" Kyle muttered, shaking off sleep.

"Summon Aaliyah! It's time to make a baby!"

Christy straddled Kyle, stroking his hard cock with one hand, the other clutching a scroll. Kyle sat up, his eyes widening. "You mean it?"

She nodded her head.

He wrapped his arms around her, kissing his wife hard. Her breasts pressed into his muscular chest, her nipples hard point. Her hand guided his swelling cock to her pussy. She sank down on him, a shudder rolling through his body as her tight flesh engulfed him.

"Shouldn't you be saving that for Aaliyah?" giggled Fatima.

Kyle groaned, leaning back into the pillows as Christy worked her hips up and down on him. Kyle loved it when a woman rode him, savoring the way her breasts bounced and jiggle, and the pleasure crossed her face as she worked his cock in and out of her pussy.

"I need to prepare him," Christy purred, swiveling his hips. "Besides, doesn't my pussy feel amazing on your cock?"

"So amazing. I wish Aaliyah was here to see how amazing it is."

Done! Aaliyah announced in his mind. In swirl of dust she appeared on the other side of Fumi.

"I have it, Aaliyah!" Christy moaned, working her pussy faster. "Oh, Kyle. Your cock is wonderful!"

"You have it!" Tears brimmed in Aaliyah's eyes.

"Oh, that's wonderful," Fumi smiled, rolling over to Aaliyah. The women hugged, Aaliyah's hand stroking Fumi's pregnant belly.

"I can't wait."

"Good," Christy moaned, squeezing her pussy down on Kyle's cock. "Umm, don't you just want to flood my pregnant pussy with your cum?"

"So bad," Kyle groaned. "Keep working those hips like a slut, and I'll baste your cunt with so much cum."

Christy's pussy shuddered around his cock, a small orgasm rolling through his wife. "Oh, yes!" She pumped faster. "Ishtar, bless this cock reaming my pussy. Share with him my fertility so his seed may take root in the stoniest of soil!"

Christy's pendant flashed amber between her breasts. Heat boiled in her pussy. Kyle groaned, every muscle in his body tensing. He shuddered, her pussy slamming down on him. Christy gasped, her breasts thrusting forward as she came hard on him.

"Cum in me, Kyle, and receive my blessing!" she screamed.

He erupted. His cum pulsed out of him in powerful blasts. He thrust up in her, grunting loudly. Her fire spread into his cock, down into his heavy balls. Another shot of cum burst out and a third, the heat in his balls intensifying.

"Yes, yes!" sighed Christy, slumping off of him, his cock popping out with a wet plop. White cum dripped out. Fumi didn't hesitate to bury her lips between Christy's thighs, eager for the feast.

Kyle looked at Aaliyah. Her dusky face contorted in anticipation. She bit her lower lip. She was so cute. Kyle crawled to her, stroking her face. His balls burned to unleash his cum. He lowered his lips to Aaliyah, kissing his first wife.

It had all started with her. That wonderful day when he had freed her from her battered lamp. She was the reason he had all this love in his life. And now he could finally give her what she wanted.

Her legs parted, her hands eager, guiding him to her hole. She was already dripping wet, flushed with excitement. He buried into her, shuddering as her silky flesh engulfed him. He kissed her, moaning into her lips as her limbs wrapped around him.

They writhed together, hips working to please each other. His heavy balls slapped into her taint as they thrust and humped. Kyle's strong hands roamed her body, finding her round breast and fingering her hard nipples.

"Kyle," she shuddered, her eyelids fluttering. "Oh, Kyle!"

He nuzzled at her neck, savoring her silky skin on his. He pinched a nipple, her back arching and her pussy squeezing down on his cock. His wives moaned around them, pleasuring each other. The concubines joined in, falling into each other's embraces, filling the room with a symphony of moans and gasps.

His harem urged them on with their moans.

"Put a baby in her, Master!"

"Pour your seed into her!"

"Knock her up, big bro!"

"Give Sultana what she craves!"

The bed creaked, his thrusts growing harder. Aaliyah shuddered beneath him, her passion spilling through her body. Her breasts rubbed against his chest as she writhed, her fingernails clawing his back with passion. Her hips rose up, bucking into his thrusts.

"Cum in me, my husband," she moaned.

Kyle's burning balls erupted, dumping his molten cum into her. She shuddered, a powerful orgasm spasming through her. Kyle could almost see his magic-enhanced sperm wiggling through her pussy, heading for her egg.

"I love you," Aaliyah whispered. "My strong Sultan."

Kyle smiled, kissing her on the lips, sharing his love with her.

"Um, big bro," Fatima suddenly said.

"Hmm?" Kyle sighed. He didn't want to move. He just wanted to lie on Aaliyah.

"I think..." She gasped. "Oh, wow."

"What, Fatima?"

"You should get mom. She's about to be a grandmother."

Faiza walked into Fatima's bedroom. Her son sat on a chair next to Fatima's bed, a bundle held in his arm. Fatima lounged on the bed, her face flushed, a happy smile on her lips. The bundle in Kyle's arm shifted.

Joy beat in Faiza's heart as she gazed at her grandchild.

Kyle looked up at her, a proud smile on his face. "It's a boy."

Faiza walked over, tears beading in her eyes. "May I?" She held out her hands.

Kyle nodded, handing over her grandson. She cradled the tiny baby, his skin dusky like his parents. A small hand clenched and unclenched, and Faiza reached out with her index finger, the infant grasping her digit.

"He's beautiful."

"We named him Kyle," Fatima answered, "Kyle Unmei III."

"After your father?" The tears flowed down Faiza's cheeks.

Kyle nodded.

Faiza kissed her grandson's forehead, sat down on her daughter's bed, and sang her grandson a lullaby.

Thank you all for reading. I hope you enjoy the battered lamp. Please leave me feedback, it's the only reward I get for posting free stories! A new part of the Devil's Pact has been released. Read this post if you're interested: http://mypenname3000.com/new-release-the-devils-pact-12-submissive-cop/
Your opinion is important:
Share with others what you think about
"The Battered Lamp"
     

The End
Share: twitter Tweet

Go to mypenname3000’s Blog
Last entry on 2016-06-01
Posted: 2014-08-02
Version: 1.00
Home | Top | mypenname3000's Page |   Feedback to author


