
Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index |   Bottom
Chapter 1
Posted: November 09, 2003 - 04:44:37 pm

Okay, I know you're not going to believe this, but I have to tell someone. I'm afraid to tell anyone around me, because they'll just call in those nice young men in their clean white coats to take me away, ha, ha. So, you're elected to hear my story.

You see, I'm not who you think I am. I'm not who anyone thinks I am. Although you and everyone else thinks I'm 16 year old Mike Green, I'm really 58 year old George Halbertson. Yeah, I know I don't look 58 years old, but that's because I, George Halbertson, am now in Mike Green's body.

How did that happen? How the hell do I know. I was a little scared at first. Not because I was in this healthy, though out of shape, young body, but because I didn't want to go back to the worn out 58 year old body I had left.

The year I switched bodies was to George, 2003. I woke up in Mike's body in 1976. Wow, deja vu all over again as Yogi is supposed to have said.

I don't know for sure why everything that happened to my old body did so, but it was a mess. First off I lost most of my eyesight, then six months after at the age of fifty-two, I had to have triple bypass surgery. Four years later I had a stroke that left the left side of my body partially paralyzed. A year after that I had a heart attack.

The first heart attack wasn't that bad, but the one I had six months later was a killer. Literally.

I knew from the first one what a heart attack felt like, so when the symptoms started, I called 911.

I was in the ambulance, on the way to the hospital when I could feel it happening. I was dying. I knew it and I fought it. In my mind I cursed and screamed. I knew I had screwed up my life and I wanted a chance to change it. I prayed and asked God for another chance, but I knew this body was just plain worn out. "Why did you have to give me such a shitty body?" I screamed in my head. That's the last thing I remember as George Halbertson.

So, tell me. What would you do if you knew you were dieing and you were fighting, then everything turned to grey, then to black, then you woke up and you could see better than you had been able to see in thirty years, and when you looked down at your hand, it was a young hand? I'll tell you what I did. I screamed. At least I tried to scream. What came out around the breathing tube they had in me was more of a squeal.

I started thrashing around, and I heard the heart monitor start it's shrill warning. I know I had to have pulled several things loose as I fought to get out of bed (Now why did I feel I had to get up?) but there was a nurse in the room within seconds.

She grabbed my hands and started speaking to me reassuringly. She held on tight, and although she couldn't have weighed over 110 pounds, she managed to keep me from tearing anything else loose until an orderly came in and strapped my wrists and ankles to the bed.

"Mike. Mike. It's okay, Mike." She kept saying these words over and over until I wanted to relax, just to get her to stop.

"Mike? Who the hell is Mike?" I thought. Then it hit me.

I've always been an avid Science Fiction fan. My favorite authors were always Robert Heinlein and Isaac Asimov. It didn't take it long to sink in that I, George Halbertson, was now in the body of someone named Mike. One of Heinlein's stories, "I Will Fear No Evil", had an old man, Johann Sebastian Bach Smith, have his brain transplanted into the body of his beautiful secretary, Eunice. Johann was very rich and dieing of old age, and Eunice had been killed in a mugging. So I was familiar with the concept of waking up in someone else's body.

Even so, It was a shock.

In the Heinlein story, some vestige of Eunice's mind remained in the body, and Johann ended up sharing the body with Eunice. I immediately started taking stock of my new body and mind. All of my, George Halbertson, memories appeared to be intact, but I could find nothing of Mike, whoever he was.

Anyway, within seconds after I was restrained, the nurse was telling me she would let Dr. Walker know I was awake, and she said she'd call my mother to let her know as well. Okay, I didn't know who Dr. Walker was, and my parents had been dead for years, but I figured the only way I was going to find out anything was to cooperate, so I just nodded my head.

The nurse, a kindly lady who was probably in her early thirties, smiled and squeezed my hand. Everything's going to be okay, Mike. Just relax and try not to fight it. The doctor will be here shortly, and I'm sure he'll get you off the respirator. Then you can ask questions.

I nodded again, and she smiled and left the room.

The nurse was right. Within a few minutes a tall dark haired man in a white lab jacket came hurrying into the room. The nurse was right behind him.

He took one look at me and became quite businesslike. He told the nurse to disconnect the breathing tube from the respirator so they could see if I could breathe on my own. Within seconds she had done so.

"Mike, I'm Dr. Walker. I've been taking care of you since you were admitted. Can you hear and understand me?"

I nodded.

"Excellent! Do you seem to be having any trouble breathing?"

I shook my head.

"Okay, Nurse Parker. I think we can remove the breathing tube. This may hurt a little, Mike. Do you want us to put you to sleep before we take it out?"

I shook my head emphatically.

The doctor smiled. "If I'd been out as long as you have, I don't think I'd want to be put back to sleep either. Okay, I'll try to do this as easily as possible."

He had the nurse remove the tape holding the tube in place, then he said, "Try to hold as still as possible, Mike. I'm going to move the tube to loosen it, then they'll be one quick pull to get it out. Are you ready?"

I nodded again, then closed my eyes. My new eyes. God they were great!

His pulling the tube out wasn't so bad, but my throat felt like five pounds of raw hamburger when he was finished. I grimaced and he smiled. "Hurts, Doesn't it?"

I tried to say, "Yes," but all that came out was a croak, so I just nodded.

"It'll get better soon, Mike. Would you like a sip of water?"

I nodded.

The nurse gave me a small sip and I managed to croak, "Thank you."

She smiled a smile that would have lighted New York City.

"Don't try to talk too much for a while, Mike. I'll try to tell you what I know. You are in St. Mary's Hospital. Evidently you had an accident of some kind and have been in a coma for the last ten days. Physically, you are fine. Your mother will be in shortly, so she can fill you in on the details. If you want, you can ask one question."

"Who am I?" I managed to croak out.

Nurse Parker gasped, and the doctor shot her a dirty look.

"You don't remember who you are?"

I shook my head.

"Do you remember the accident?"

Head shake.

"Do you remember anything about your life?"

Head shake.

"Well, it seems you may be suffering from some type of amnesia. Usually these things go away in a day or so, so I wouldn't worry too much about it."

I nodded.

"I need to order some tests for you so I need to leave. Is there anything else you need?"

"Water, restraints," I croaked.

"You can have small sips of water, but you have to be careful until we see how well it's going to stay down. As for the restraints, why were you fighting so hard when you woke up?"

"Was scared."

The doctor laughed. "I can understand that. Nurse Parker, would you please remove Mike's restraints?"

As the nurse started to remove the restraints, the doctor said goodbye and started to go.

"Thank you," I managed to get out again.

Dr. Walker smiled and waved as he took off down the hall.

"Would you like another sip of water, Mike?"

"Yes."

She held it for me I took a somewhat larger sip. "Thanks. Throat hurts," I said, sounding a little less like a frog.

"I know. It comes from how they have to put the tube in. I'm sorry, Mike, but it will be better soon."

"Better now, but still hurts."

Before she could answer, a stunningly beautiful woman in her mid thirties came charging into the room like a battleship going after a submarine. She was tall, about 5'9", with wavy strawberry blonde hair that hung to just below her shoulders. She had the kind of body I'd always found most attractive. Her medium breasts, slim waist, womanly hips and a full but perky butt gave me an immediate erection.

She came straight at me, and before I knew what was happening, she had her arms wrapped around me and was crying on my shoulder. She lightly kissed my eyes, cheeks, nose, chin, and lips then asked, "Are you okay, Sweety?"

"Sore. Who are you?"

She looked totally stunned and started crying again. "I'm your mother, Sweety. Don't you remember? The doctor said you were having memory problems, but I thought you'd remember me."

"Sorry, Mom. I don't remember me either. Don't even remember my name. They call me Mike."

"Yes, Honey. Your name is Mike Green, and I'm your mother, Bonnie Green."

"Thanks, Mom. Water please."

Bonnie spent the next two hours telling me about Mike Green. I am sixteen years old, and since school is out for the summer, I'll be going back in the fall as a junior. My father had died three years ago in an automobile accident. I had one sister, a year younger than me. Bonnie promised my sister, Beth would be in to see me later today.

When I asked about the accident, she snorted. "Accident, my ass. You were with a couple of those other idiots that call themselves Flatliners. Josh had evidently learned how to put pressure on the carotid arteries to cut off blood flow to the brain. You were evidently trying to find out what happens when you die. They were going to let you stop breathing then resuscitate you so you could tell them all about it. Well, he cut off the blood flow until you passed out, but you never quit breathing. He kept holding it, but evidently didn't know what he was doing, because it was the next day before you stopped breathing on your own. By that time you were in the hospital and they put you on the respirator. Mike, they told me you were brain dead and they wanted to take you off life support. I wouldn't let them."

"Not brain dead. I can think. I just can't remember things about me. I don't know what city we're in or even the date."

"That's okay, Sweety. We're in Oakland, CA, right now, but we live in Hayward. The date is Friday, May 18, 1976."

<1976? My God, this is even stranger than I thought.>

"I'm sorry I put you through this, Mom. I promise I'll try to never do anything this stupid again."

She hugged me and lay her head on my shoulder. I couldn't do too good of a job of hugging her back because of the IV lines in both arms, but I did my best.

"Mom, could you ask the nurse when I can get something to eat? I'm starved."

She laughed and headed for the door. "Now that's the Mikey I know."

Well, they didn't feed me that day, but I did get some juice, and they took out the catheter so I could at least pee by myself. The next morning I got what they called a "bland" breakfast. It certainly was bland. It had no flavor at all. Lunch was a little better, and not long after noon, they took out all of the IVs.

Beth came in after school for a while, but had to leave early because she had a date. She hugged me and told me she'd stay with me a while tomorrow. I thought my new mom was a knockout, and Beth is just a younger version of her mother. Her hair is just a little darker, and her boobs a little smaller, but she has to be every man's wet dream.

I could see right now it was going to be hell living with these two. I knew my new sixteen year old body would have a perpetual hardon.

I was very glad Beth was there the next day, though. Once she knew I couldn't remember things from before, she spent hours filling me in. She'd been talking for quite a while when I reached over and took her hand. I gave it a squeeze and said, "Beth, I don't know what kind of relationship we had before, but I feel very close to you right now. I'm not going to remember people or places and I'm going to have to depend on you to tell me who is who and where is where. Will you do that for me?"

She blushed as only a redhead can blush, then squeezed my hand. "Mike, I guess we had a good enough relationship. Sometimes I felt like you didn't really want me around, but you are older, so I guess that's normal. It's just that I'd always wanted us to have a closer relationship, one where we were each other's best friend and we could talk about anything. I don't know why, but I feel closer to you now than I have in years, and I hope that keeps up."

"I hope it does too, Sweety. I love you, Beth. I don't know if that's a carryover from before, or if it's something I just started feeling, but I'd like to be your best friend too."

Tears were running down her pretty cheeks as she laid her head on my shoulder and hugged me. I put one arm around her and started stroking her hair with my other hand. We were still in that position when Mom came in.

Beth started to pull away, but I held on. Mom said, "Making a public spectacle of yourselves I see." I felt Beth stiffen, then Mom laughed and said, "God it's good to see you two supporting each other. I love you both, you know."

Beth relaxed against me and I said, "You're going to see a lot more of this, Mom. I don't know if it was coming so close to death or what, but I feel the need for lots of hugs and kisses. You and Beth are the best friends I'll ever have, so I'm going to count on the two of you to supply most of them."

I could feel Beth sob against me, and within seconds Mom's head was on my other shoulder and she was crying too. Mom pulled back a little and kissed me on the nose. "I'm sure Beth and I can supply all the hugs and kisses you need for a while. It just seemed that since your father died, your other friends became more important to you than we were. I hope that's over now."

"It is Mom," I said as I hugged her as tight as I could. "Until school starts, I don't care if I don't see anyone but you and Beth. I love you both, and I want to get to know you again."

The nurse broke up our group hug when she came in to draw some blood for some kind of test. I asked her if it would be okay if I sat in the chair for a while, and she said it would be fine as long as someone else was in the room as well.

After the nurse had gone, I asked Mom and Beth if they'd watch out for me while I got up. It wasn't too bad. I did get a little dizzy when I was on my feet for the first time, but with Mom's arm around me, I was able to walk to the chair.

Mom said she had to leave as she was showing a house (she's a realtor), but asked Beth to stay with me. "Mom, Mike and I have been having a really nice conversation. You couldn't get me out of here with a crowbar."

When Mom had gone, I motioned for Beth to come over to where I was sitting. I took her hand and pulled her down into my lap. She started to pull back, saying she didn't want to hurt me.

"Sweety, you'll be hurting me a lot more if you don't. The doctor says that I'm fine physically, so don't worry about it."

Beth snuggled in then said, "Mike, you have no idea how much I've wanted this. Just to be close to you. To share with you."

"Get used to it, Sweety. This is how it's going to be between us from now on."

We must have set there an hour or more when the nurse interrupted us again. This time she came in with my dinner. I asked her to just leave it on the table as I needed to go to the bathroom first. She offered to help me get to the bathroom, but I told her I'd rather have Beth do it.

Beth was smiling from ear to ear when I looked at her. I managed to push myself to my feet and her arm was immediately around my waist. She walked with me to the bathroom door, and there was a moment of awkwardness as we tried to get both of us through the door at the same time, but we were laughing the whole time.

Inside the bathroom, I asked her to stay with me when I looked in the mirror. "Beth, I don't even know what I look like. I'd like for you to be here when I get my first peek."

"You look fine, Mike. In fact, I think you are the most handsome guy I know." She helped me maneuver until I was facing the mirror above the sink. Damn, I didn't look bad. My face and whole body were definitely better than my old one had been at this age.

Beth helped me to move in front of the toilet and raised the seat for me. I thought she was going to stay and watch, but finally she blushed and went out the door, leaving it open.

When I opened my gown and got the first look at my cock, I was really impressed. It had to be at least an inch or two longer than my old one, and much bigger around. I looked up and said in my mind, "Thank you, God. For the new life and the new body."

This was pretty much the way things went for the next three days, until they told me I could go home. Mom and Beth were both there to help me get ready. Mom brought a pair of jeans and a Lead Zeplin teeshirt for me to wear home along with some black tennis shoes and white socks. I decided right then that my wardrobe would have to change.

Mom brought the station wagon (Dodge Aspin) to take me home. They put me in the passenger side front, and Beth got in behind me. Mom was a very cautious driver and it probably took us twice as long to get home as it should have.

Home, I knew one thing as soon as we pulled into the driveway. My new body was a lot better off financially than my old one had been. We were in an upper middle class subdivision. The houses were on lots that had to be at least two acres each, and although you could see your neighbor's houses in most cases, there were enough mature trees and bushes to give you a very nice sense of privacy.

The house was of cedar and stone construction with acres of glass. There were four bedrooms, all of them on the second floor. There were two bedrooms on each side of the house, with a bathroom between each pair. My bedroom shared a bath with Beth and Mom's shared a bathroom with the guest bedroom.

Mom wanted me to go to bed as soon as I got home, but I told her I had been in bed too much over the last couple of weeks, and I wanted to be up for a while. Beth assured Mom she would stay with me and make sure I went to bed before I got too tired.

Beth and I went out to the patio and walked around the back yard for a while, holding hands. We had a nice pool and I asked Beth if she liked to swim. "Oh, God yes!" she told me emphatically. "I practically live in the pool in the summer."

"Well, we'll probably spend a lot of time in there this summer. I want to get in shape and swimming is one of the best ways I know."

"That'd be great, Bro. You never liked to swim before. I need to get in shape too."

I pulled back from her a ways and looked her up and down. "Your shape looks pretty damned good to me, Sweety."

She did her redhead's blush again and turned away, but I could see a huge smile on her face. "Not as good as Shiela Hansen though," she said.

"Who is Shiela Hansen?"

"She's your girlfriend, Dummy," she said as she hit me on the shoulder.

"If she's my girlfriend, why hasn't she been around to see me?" I asked.

"I don't know," she said with downcast eyes. "She must be a bigger dummy than I thought she was."

"Well, let me tell you something, sweet sister mine. I don't need any dummies in my life right now. Apparently I was pretty much of a dummy myself."

"Oh, no, Mike. You were never a dummy. You always got good grades and always seemed smart to me. You just hung out with a bunch of dummies."

"Honey, I had to be a dummy to pull the stunt I did that almost killed me. Don't worry, I'll never do anything like that again. I promised Mom I'd take care of myself, and I'll make you the same promise."

"Thank you, Mike," she said as she hugged my arm.

Mom came out and said she was taking off to show a house and reminded Beth to make sure I didn't overdo it. We decided to go in and get some lunch, and by the time we finished, I was starting to feel a little tired.

Beth helped me up to my room and I lay down on my bed. It was fairly comfortable, and full sized, rather than a twin. The decor of the room sucked. All available wall space was covered with posters of rock groups. My desk looked like a rat had built a condo for a nest, then abandoned it. The curtains were black, as was the bedspread. Things were definitely going to change.

"Sweet sister mine, would you help me make this look like a room instead of a morgue?" I asked.

"God, I'd love to Mike. I've always wondered how you could live like this. It depresses me just to be in here for a few minutes."

"For now, if you could just rip down all of these posters and open the curtains it would be a big help."

No sooner were the words out of my mouth than she was opening the curtains. I pulled the bedspread off and threw it toward the door as she started ripping the posters down.

I lay down as she finished with the offending posters and watched her work. God she was and is beautiful.

Beth started to leave when she had the last one down, but I asked if she'd like to take a nap with me. She seemed hesitant at first, but then gave me a big smile and lay down beside me. She turned her back to me and I snuggled up behind her, putting my left arm over her. I made sure I wasn't going to touch anything vital then whispered, "Good night." I kissed her on the back of her neck and I could almost feel her smile.

I don't know how long it was before I awoke to laughter from my doorway. "Now, if that isn't just the cutest?"

I saw Mom at the door and said, "Hi Mom."

"Hi yourself. You know the two of you used to sleep like that when you were little," she said, then with an evil grin, she continued, "Only then, she didn't have a big boob for you to be fondling."

"Oh, God Mom," I said as I jerked my hand away as if had been plunged into boiling water. "I'm sorry. I didn't realize."

"I know you didn't, Sweety," she said as she walked over and gave me a kiss on the forehead. "I was just teasing you."

"Teasing him about what?" Beth asked as she yawned and stretched.

"I was teasing him about fondling your boob while you were sleeping, Sweety."

"Oh, my God!" Beth almost shrieked as she pulled away from me.

"It's okay, Beth," Mom reassured her. "He was asleep too. He really didn't know he was doing it."

Beth slapped me on the shoulder and we all started laughing. "I just wish I had been awake to enjoy it," I said.

"So do I," Beth said so that only I could hear her.

We were all laughing as we made our way downstairs.

That evening, after I had gone to bed, Beth came in and sat by me for a few minutes. I knew there was something on her mind, but we talked about the day and what we would do tomorrow. Finally, I said, "Beth, my beautiful sister, is something bothering you?"

"Not really bothering me," she told me with a furious blush. "I was just thinking about you holding my boob this afternoon."

"I'm really sorry about that Beth. I'll try to see it doesn't happen again."

"That's not it, Mike. I just wanted to tell you I really didn't mind. Please don't think bad of me, but ever since I started growing breasts I've wanted you to notice them and touch them."

"Beth, I love you dearly, but you're my sister. That's why I've always pretended not to notice them. I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen, and I wish you could be my girlfriend, but no one would understand. Everyone would hate us and shun us, so I've never said anything."

"We'll just have to be sure no one finds out then," she said as she kissed me on the cheek. She gave me an enigmatic smile as she left the room, closing the door behind her.

Sometime later I was awakened when someone climbed into bed behind me. She snuggled up close, and I could feel two wonderful breasts pressed into my back as an arm came around me. "Beth, my love, this really isn't a good idea," I said.

"Ssshhh. It isn't Beth. Now go back to sleep."

I must have been really tired because I was asleep again in minutes.

When I awoke the next morning, I was by myself. Had Mom really come into my bed the night before? I just wasn't sure. It could have been a dream, couldn't it?

I took a quick shower then dressed and went downstairs. I felt much better this morning. I think the little bit of exercise I got from just walking around helped.

Mom was doing dishes in the kitchen when I came in, so I went over and hugged her from behind and kissed her neck. "Morning Mom," I mumbled, then headed for the table.

Beth was eating a bowl of frosted flakes and asked if I wanted some. "Maybe after I've had a cup of coffee or two," I told her. "Where can I find the cups?"

She pointed to a cabinet, so I fished out a cup and poured myself a hot cup. Beth kept looking at me with a confused expression as I sipped at the coffee. Finally, I asked, "Is something wrong, Beth?"

"Not really, it's just that you never liked coffee. When you did drink it, you always loaded it down with enough cream and sugar to turn Twiggy into a blimp."

"I don't know why, Sweety, but it just sounded good black this morning. It tastes good too, so I'll probably start drinking it this way."

She still looked a little disturbed, so I went over and gave her a hug. I kissed her ear and whispered, "I love you, sweet Beth."

Her smile lit up the room as I went back to my chair.

"Would you like to go for a walk this morning, Beth?" I asked as she finished off her cereal.

"Sure, bro, where to?"

"Just around the neighborhood. I want to get some exercise, and maybe if you point out some places to me it will bring back some memories."

"I'd go with you guys, but I have two houses to show this morning and three this afternoon. I may be home late, so why don't I just bring a pizza with me when I come?"

"That'd be great, Mom," Beth and I said in unison. Then we started giggling.

Beth decided she should go and get changed for our walk and Mom sat down across from me for a minute. "So, did you sleep well last night?" Mom asked with a grin.

"The best I can ever remember sleeping," I told her.

"Good! I guess it was wicked of me to climb in bed with you, but I came so close to losing you I just couldn't help myself."

"So, when did you leave?"

"About a half hour before you got up. I slept great too."

"Aawww. Now I wish I had woken up sooner. It would have been great to wake up with you in my bed."

Mom's smile lit up the entire kitchen as she said, "Don't worry Sweety. I'm sure there'll be other times. I really did sleep well. The best I've slept since your father was killed."

"Good!" I said and squeezed her hand. I got up and walked around the table. I looked into her eyes as I pulled her to her feet. We were still staring into each other's eyes when I leaned down and kissed her softly on the lips.

Mom hugged me so tight I thought my ribs were going to crack then said, "I think I'd better get out of here. I love you, Mike."

I told her I loved her too as she hastily left the kitchen.

Beth and I walked about ten blocks and I was exhausted. "I hope I get some strength back soon," I told her.

"You never were much of an athlete," She smiled.

"Oh, well. What was I? A nerd?"

"Pretty much," this time I got a giggle.

"Okay, you. Don't laugh at me, or I'll go into tickle mode."

She was half way up the stairs before I even realized she'd run. She stopped and looked back, "I'm going swimming. Want to get wet?"

"Sure, sounds good. That way the water will support my aching body."

"Play your cards right and I might give you a massage afterwards," she threw over her shoulder as she ran for her room.

God, the pool felt good. The water was just the right temperature to cool off on a hot day. I was splashing around at least fifteen minutes before Beth made her entrance. An entrance it was too. She had on a short, white robe over her swimsuit. She walked over to where the lounge chairs were and spread a towel over a chair. She laid a paperback book on the towel, then set a bottle of Copertone on the side table.

She then turned and started back toward the house. When she came back out she was carrying two large glasses of iced tea. She set these on the side table and looked at me for the first time. She gave me a big smile and walked over to the diving board. She kicked off her sandles and walked half way out the diving board before she stopped and removed her robe.

She was wearing a two piece suite that would have been considered small in 2003. In 1976 it was scandalous. I found out later she bought it from a mail order house that also sold things like BOBs (Battery Operated Boyfriends). Of course, her Mom had never seen it, in fact, I was the first to see it.

If I had still been in my 58 year old body, I would have had the big heart attack right then. Even though the water was cool, I sported an immediate woody.

Beth immediately started splashing me, so I had to fight back. Our water war soon became a contact sport. We were wrestling and trying to dunk each other. In the process, we were managing to come up with hand fulls of interesting body parts. This didn't help the woody situation at all.

We were in water up to Beth's neck when she put her arms around me and pulled herself close. I'm sure she could feel my erection, because I could feel every part of her. I leaned down and kissed her softly on the lips then said, "My sweet Beth, As much as I love you and as much as I want you, we can never become lovers. If anyone ever found out, they would take us away from Mom and put us in foster care until we are eighteen. I don't think I could stand being away from you that long."

She laid her head against my chest, and I could feel her tears. "It isn't fair, Mike. I love you too, and I know I will never feel this way about anyone else."

"I know, love. If you still feel this way when you are eighteen, I will find a way for us to be together. I think Mom would accept us, but the rest of the world wouldn't. To them we'd just have to be a brother and sister living together, sharing expenses."

"Do you mean that, Mike? Would you really do that?"

"I mean it with all my heart, Sweetheart. Until then we have to be very careful. We can never let anyone guess how we feel about each other."

"I think Mom already knows, Mike. If she didn't, she'd have been pissed off about you holding my boob yesterday."

"I'm not sure what to think about Mom. Did you know she slept with me last night?"

"Really? What did she do?"

"She just snuggled up to me. I thought it was you and said something. She told me it wasn't you and to go back to sleep. I did and when I woke up this morning, she was gone."

"Wow! I wonder when she left."

"She told me she got up about half an hour before I did."

"I wonder what she would have done if I'd been there when she came in."

"Well, if you'd have been there, I would have been snuggled up to you, probably holding your beautiful breast again. She'd have either hit the roof, or she'd have snuggled up behind me like she ended up doing anyway."

"Oh God! I don't know sis. If she got mad, she would probably forbid you to sleep there again. I wouldn't want that. But, if she didn't say anything it'd be like giving us permission to sleep in the same bed. What do you think?"

"I think we should risk it, Mike. After all, we don't have that much to lose. I'm not supposed to be sleeping with you anyway, so her forbidding it wouldn't be that different. I don't think she'll do that though. If she was going to, she'd have said something yesterday, instead of just teasing us about it."

We got out of the pool as I was thinking about it. I laid down on a lounge and Beth asked if I'd like a massage. I readily agreed, and turned over on my stomach.

"Sweetheart, there's something else you should know. I think Mom may be coming on to me. She's been giving me lots of hugs and kisses. The kisses are on the lips, not like mother/son kisses. What are we going to do if she is coming on to me?"

"Well," she said after thinking for a minute or two. "I guess you'll just have to fuck the shit out of her." Her giggle was infectious, and we were soon in tears.

"You're serious, aren't you?" I asked.

"Yep. I wouldn't be jealous of her. She wouldn't try to take you away from me. I don't think I'd mind if you fucked any girl, as long as I knew you loved me and wanted to be with me more than you wanted to be with her."

"I don't think I could feel the same way if you were with another guy. I think I'd be so jealous I'd want to cut his balls off."

Beth giggled and smacked my ass. "That's okay. I have no desire to be with another guy anyway."

Beth started my massage, working on the muscles in my back. "So, when we go up to bed tonight, put on pajamas," I told her. "I'll put on pajama bottoms too. That way it won't look so much like we're trying to get in each other's pants. If Mom doesn't say anything, tomorrow night, wear the pajama top and panties. I'll wear just my boxers. Who knows. Maybe we'll be sleeping naked before too long."

Beth moved down and started working on my left foot. My moans of pleasure urged her on as she slowly worked up my left leg until she reached my swim trunks. She had just moved back down and started on my right foot Mom came onto the patio.

"Hi, Mom. What are you doing home so early?" I asked, trying to sound pleased (actually I was pleased).

"Oh, both afternoon appointments cancelled out. Actually I'm glad they did. It gives me more time to spend with you guys."

"I'm glad too, Mom," Beth told her. "It seems like the only time we've spent together recently, we couldn't enjoy for worrying about Mike."

"By the way, young lady. Where did you get that outrageous swimsuit?"

"I ordered it from a catalog, Mom. Is it okay?"

"Sweety, a swimsuit like that is going to cause every red blooded male within a hundred yards of you to get an erection. Your brother too, I would imagine. I guess it's okay to wear it if there's only family here. If any boys are over, no way. Can you live with that?"

"Yes, Mom. What if it's just one of my girlfriends?"

"That would be okay too, as long as Mike or I are here too."

"Thanks, Mom. You're the greatest."

By now, Beth had worked her way up my right leg until she reached my swimsuit. I expected her to stop, but she continued upwards and began massaging my right ass cheek.

I looked over at Mom, wondering if she'd say anything, but she just winked at me. Beth switched to the other cheek. and finished me off with a resounding smack. Both women thought it was very funny.
Chapter 2 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 1 |   Bottom
Chapter 2
Posted: November 10, 2003 - 11:47:24 am

I had butterflies in my stomach as I lay, waiting for Beth to join me in bed that night. She came in within a few minutes after I had gone to bed, and snuggled back against me. I knew Mom would be a few minutes, so I slipped my right hand up, under her top and cupped her wonderfully soft, but firm breast. I gently pinched her already erect nipple and enjoyed hearing her gasp with pleasure.

When Mom came in, I had removed my hand from under Beth's top, but I left it gently holding her breast. Mom could obviously see Beth was in bed with me, but she didn't say a thing. She snuggled up behind me and kissed me on the neck. "Goodnight, Mike. Goodnight, Beth," she said.

We both told her goodnight, then I reached back behind me and my hand found Mom's leg, just above the knee. I gently ran my hand up and down the back of her leg for a few strokes, moving it higher each time. Finally I let my hand come to rest on her panty covered butt. I then gave it a gentle squeeze and returned my hand to Beth's breast.

When I awoke the next morning, Mom was still there. I rolled on my back and saw she was watching me. I stretched and put my arm around her as she lay her head on my chest. We lay like that for a few minutes and Beth began to stir. She turned over and saw Mom with her head on my chest, so she raised up for me to put my arm around her and then put her head on the other side of my chest. I was in heaven.

My sibling and my mother smiled at each other and snuggled in close. We lay like that for as long as I could stand it before reducing the pressure that had built up in my bladder. I told them I needed to go to the bathroom, so Mom said, "Okay, Mike. Beth and I will start breakfast. Come on down when you're through. The three of us need to have a talk about things, and I think we'd better do it this morning."

I was a little apprehensive when I went down to breakfast, but not overly so. Mom had made no objection to my holding Beth's breast, nor to my squeezing her butt.

When we were all seated, eating pancakes and sausages, Mom began. "We seem to be going in a direction none of us ever thought of going in. I'm not upset by it, but other people would be."

"I know, Mom. Beth and I were talking about that yesterday. We've wanted to talk with you about it, but we were both afraid you wouldn't understand."

"Well, I don't understand," Mom laughed. "I don't understand any of it, but it seems inescapable. Before you were in the hospital, Mike, I would have never thought of sleeping in the same bed with you. I would have never allowed you and Beth to share a bed, and I definitely would have never let you squeeze my ass like you did last night. I don't know what's come over us, but I can't say I'm not enjoying it."

"Mom, I've been in love with Mike for a long time. I would have probably fucked him if he had ever asked, but Mike acted like he didn't even know I existed. Now, since the stupid thing he did, he tells me he loves me too. I know we can never let anyone besides you know about us, but I also know I never want to be with anyone else."

"I can understand that, Beth, but there is a problem. I feel exactly the same way about him. So, what are we going to do?"

"Share."

"I think I could live with that, I was just wondering if you would see it as an option."

"Don't I have any say in this?" I asked.

They both looked at me, then at each other. They smiled and both said, "No!"

"Okay, I just wondered," I said as I smiled at each of them.

That day was one of the best days of either of my lives. We spent the day at home, just goofing around. We didn't have sex. We all agreed it was something that would happen, but we weren't ready for it. We did do a lot of kissing and touching and I guess if we'd admit it, a little groping.

I was laying out on one of the lounges when I had a very startling revelation. Mom was on the lounge next to me so I asked her about it. "Mom, did we live on Ferncrest Street before we moved here?"

"Yes, Honey. Who told you about that?"

"No one told me. I just suddenly remembered it. The house was smaller than this one. It was white with grey shutters, right?"

"Yes, Sweety," she said as she came over to where I was laying. Tears were running down her cheeks when she said, "Oh my baby! You're starting to remember!"

She was thrilled to death and I was scared to death. What if the real Mike was coming back to take over his mind and body? What would happen to George Halbertson then? I didn't know. I didn't want to lose this great young body. I didn't want to lose the relationship that was developing between my mother, my sister and I. I wanted to live.

Over the next couple of weeks I realized that although I could now access most of Mike's memories, Mike was gone. I don't know where his personality went, but I knew it no longer resided in the brain I was using.

It was during those two weeks that I started calling Mom, Bonnie. She didn't seem to mind, in fact, I think she became even more loving after I started calling her by name. It was also during that time that I decided I had to tell Bonnie and Beth the truth. I just couldn't figure out how to do it.

The night I had my first Mike memory, we all slept together in my bed again. This time, Beth wore her pajama top and panties, I wore my boxers, and Bonnie wore her nightgown with no panties.

Can you imagine the thrill I had when I reached back after we were all snuggled together and repeated rubbing Bonnie's leg like I had done the night before. When my hand came to rest on her butt, it was on her bare butt. I petted and squeezed and ran my hand down between her cheeks.

Bonnie giggled and Beth asked what was going on. "I just gave Mike a surprise, Sweety. I'm not wearing any panties."

"No fair! No fair! If you're not wearing any panties, I'm taking my top off."

"Go ahead, Sweety. I'm sure Mike would like easier access to those lovely little titties of yours."

"They're not so little, Bonnie my love. They are lovely though."

By now, Beth had her top off and she pulled my hand to one of her boobs. I felt Bonnie reach over me and slide her hand under mine. She stroked Beth's breast and pinched her nipple for a couple of minutes then said, "You're right, Mike. They aren't little. It's been a while since I've seen them."

"Mom, are you feeling my tit?" Beth asked.

"Yes I am. Does it bother you?"

"No, Mom. It feels great. You can play with my boobs any time you want. If Mike isn't playing with them first, that is."

We all got a giggle out of this, then snuggled in and soon drifted off to sleep.

The next morning we all awoke and snuggled before getting up. God, it felt good having Beth's naked boobs pressing into my chest, so I told her so.

"She has an unfair advantage," Bonnie said as she sat up in bed and pulled off her gown.

Now, in all my years as George Halbertson, I had never had two lovely women pressing their breasts into me at once. I have to admit, I really liked it.

Bonnie had a couple of houses to show today, so she had to get up and moving. She got out of bed, totally naked, and started across the room. She was giving her hips an exaggerated sway, so I let out a whistle. She looked over her shoulder and smiled. I asked if she needed anyone to wash her back.

Bonnie giggled and said, "No, I don't have time for that this morning, but maybe tomorrow."

I turned back to Beth and pulled her into my arms. We kissed for a few minutes as her nipples tried to become a permanent part of my chest. I was caressing her back, and several times had run my hand down to fondle her butt. Finally, I let my hand slip under her panties and let it come to rest holding one of her ass cheeks.

"Ummm. That's nice, big bro. We need to get up and have some breakfast though, so I'll only give you a couple of hours to quit."

I kissed her again then told her I was sorry, but I had to pee so bad it was hurting. I slipped out of bed and into the bathroom. After I finished, then washed my hands and brushed my teeth, I went back into the bedroom, and Beth was gone.

When I arrived in the kitchen, Bonnie and Beth were both eating cereal. Bonnie pushed a bowl toward me and asked, "So, what are you two planning for today?"

As I was filling my coffee cup I said, "I haven't talked it over with Beth yet, but I'd like to take another walk, then maybe swim some laps. I really need to build up my strength. I want to find a job of some kind so I can help out around here a little."

"Oh, my heart," Bonnie said as she made a big show of grabbing her left boob. "You want a job? Honey, I've always had a hard time just getting you to take out the trash. If you want to do something, take over the yard work. I pay a service over $200.00 every month to take care of the mowing, and trimming. We've got a good mower and a gasoline trimmer in the garage that haven't been used since your father died."

"Bonnie, I'll be happy to do that, but I feel like I should do more. Would you mind talking over the family finances with Beth and me sometime soon?"

"No, Sweety, I'd be happy to go over things with you. You've just never shown any interest in things like that before. Are you interested too, Beth?"

"Yes I am, Mom. I've always worried about how we were going to make it with Dad gone."

"Okay, lets set down when I get home this afternoon. I keep pretty fair records, so it shouldn't take long to go over everything."

Bonnie left soon after and Beth and I talked until I had finished my third cup of coffee. Beth agreed a walk sounded good, so we changed clothes and started around the neighborhood again.

We walked, holding hands and talking about everything under the sun. We teased a little about last night and Beth said she was going to be naked tonight and she wanted me naked too. I asked her what Bonnie was going to say about that and she just smiled and said if Bonnie had been going to say anything she'd have done so already.

We went a couple of blocks further than we had before, and when we turned and headed back, Beth said, "Mike, something is different about you from before. I've loved you for a long time, but before I loved you in spite of your personality, now I love you because of it. It's almost like you're a different person in the same body."

I was stunned. I knew Beth was smart, but she had hit the nail on the head on the first swing. "Sweety, I don't know what to say. I love you, and I know you love me, and I don't want that to change. I know why I'm different, but I haven't wanted to tell anyone because I was afraid you'd stop loving me."

"Mike, like I said, I love you for who you are. You are a good person, and I don't think anything you could tell me could change how I feel about you. Mom sees the difference too. I think that's why she wants to fuck your brains out. She was never really close with you before."

"Okay, my sweet love, I'm going to tell you. I hope it doesn't affect us, but if it does, it is better for it to happen now than after we'd done something you'd regret. I know that you and Bonnie deserve to know the truth. I'd hoped to wait a little longer to tell you, but things are happening so fast, and you're so damned smart that now is probably as good a time as any."

I stopped for a few seconds, trying to collect my thoughts, then continued. "This is going to be hard for you to believe. Hell, it's hard for me to believe, and I'm part of it. Sweety, I am a different person in this body. The best I can piece it together, the Mike you knew died on his way to the hospital. His personality ceased to exist at that time. I was a 58 year old man with a worn out body. My name was George Halbertson, and my body died of a heart attack just before I woke up in this body."

I waited a few minutes for her to respond. "My God, that sounds like something out of the twilight zone. If you were a 58 year old man, I must seem awfully childish to you. How can you love someone who's over forty years younger than you?"

"I don't know how, but I do. No, you do 'not' seem childish. You are far more mature than any woman I was ever around. I was amazed at first, but soon learned to accept it. I do love you, Sweet Beth, and I hope you can learn to love me too."

"Oh, I already love you. I'm just scared. I don't want to lose you to someone more mature."

"Not going to happen, Sweety," I told her as I gave her a big hug. "So, you don't have a problem believing what I've told you?"

"Oh, it's unbelievable alright," she smiled as she squeezed my hand. "The only problem is, it fits what I've been able to observe. So, you really don't know what happened to Mike's personality?"

"No. I couldn't remember anything about Mike's life until yesterday. Since I started remembering his memories, I've been able to trace what happened up to the time of his death. I can feel what he felt and know what he knew. I remember them putting me into the ambulance and them starting me on oxygen. I remember thinking I'd been cheated because I hadn't really experienced death as I had wanted to. Then there is nothing until ten days later my George personality woke up. I seem to now have all of Mike's memories and all of George's memories."

We were back at the house now and standing in the family room. Beth said, "Wow!" then waited while things sunk in. I was afraid that now was the time she'd pull away from me, but instead, she put her arm around me. I leaned down and kissed her softly on the lips, then pulled her into a hug. We stood there a few minutes, just holding on, then Beth said, "Come on. Let's get in the pool."

She started pulling me toward the patio, so I said, "I don't have my suite."

She smiled and said, "Neither do I."

She started unbuttoning my shirt, and when I looked at her with a raised eyebrow she nodded. I started removing her clothes as well. Soon we were both naked, so I picked her up and started walking toward the pool. Her eyes never left mine as I walked. I climbed up on the diving board and walked out to the end. I pulled her up so that our lips met, then stepped off the end of the board. We didn't break the kiss until we had surfaced.

We didn't engage in a lot of horseplay that day. We did do a lot of kissing and touching. She asked me a million questions, and I answered them the best I could. I had been afraid she'd pull away, but instead, I felt us growing closer.

When we had both started to look like a couple of prunes, we got out of the pool and snuggled together on the same lounge. A fifteen year old girl and a sixteen year old boy, our bodies genetically related, but our minds so in love we didn't care. We were still laying there, her butt snuggled against my erection, both my arms around her and both of my hands holding her boobs when Bonnie came home.

Bonnie walked over, looked down at us and said, "I just can't leave you two alone for five minutes." Then she smiled and started removing her own clothing. I guess we're going to have to buy a bigger lounge. I'm not going to play odd man out."

Bonnie climbed on the lounge behind me and as she was snuggling in, the damned thing collapsed. We ended up on the ground a shrieking mass of arms and legs and other assorted body parts.

When we had finally disentangled, Bonnie asked if we'd eaten and we admitted we had forgotten all about it. We all went inside, ignoring the fact we were still bare, and started putting together some lunch.

While we were eating, I told Bonnie the story of who I really am. I expected a strong reaction from her, but was not disappointed when it failed to materialize. She did cry for a few minutes, mourning the loss of her son, and I knew it would be a while before she got over it.

"So, Mike... George... whatever. Are you still my son?"

"Bonnie, biologically, I am still your son. This is still the same body that came from your beautiful body sixteen years ago. Am I the same person you raised for sixteen years? No, I am not, although now I do have his memories, so you might say I am in that way too. It's just that now, I also have the memories of George as well."

"So," Bonnie said. "If Mike's memories are still there, he isn't completely dead, is he?"

"No, I guess not. His personality is gone though. You have to remember that is the same personality that caused him to do the foolish thing that wiped that personality out."

"It was also a personality I didn't like very well. I like this version of Mike a lot better. I like you as a son and a friend and I know that eventually I'm going to like you as a lover. I love you in a way I could have never loved the old Mike."

"I love you too, Bonnie. Please just try to forget George is there. As far as I'm concerned, I'm a sixteen year old boy named Mike with a beautiful mother and a gorgeous sister. If you can forget about the differences it will be better for all of us."

"I don't think I can forget about the differences. I don't even want to. As I said before, I could never have loved the old Mike the way I love the new one. I don't want to lose that love."

"I don't want to lose it either, Bonnie. There's one other thing I need to tell the two of you, though. It is when George Halbertson died."

Beth and Bonnie looked at each other, puzzled. "I thought you said George died just before you woke up in your new body," Beth said.

"Well, it was and it wasn't. The date that George died was March 3, 2003. Somehow, I was kicked 27 years into my past. The original George is living in Richmond, Virginia as we speak. He is thirty-one years old right now."

I think it was harder for them to accept this than it was to accept that someone else was in their brother/son's body. My smart assed little sister was the first to catch on to the implications of what I had just told them.

"That means you know what's going to happen before it happens," She gasped.

"Well, to some extent. If I was aware of it when it was happening, and if I cared enough about it to remember it, then yes, I know. I had never heard of Bonnie or Beth or Mike Green though, so I have no idea what happens with any of us."

"But, do you know anything about stock things or anything like that?"

"Yes, I do Sweety. That's one reason I wanted to go over the family finances with Bonnie. There are several companies that are going to take off like rockets. I know of one that by 1990 the stock will have split so many times that an original share of stock will be worth a thousand times what it was worth when it was purchased. I know what fads are going to take off and which ones are going to flop. We can become very wealthy if we play our cards right."

"So, you're saying if we bought ten thousand dollars worth of this one stock right now that by 1990 it would be worth ten million dollars?" Bonnie asked.

"That's right, Bonnie. IBM is going to be introducing a personal home computer that is going to set the standard for the industry. By 2003 90% of all homes are going to have personal computers. They are the wave of the future, and I'd like for the three of us to be riding that wave."

"Are there other stocks that do as well?"

"Yes, some. Another computer company that does well with home computers is Apple. Intel is a company that makes the brains of a computer. Microsoft is a company that writes the main software that makes a computer run. The man who started Microsoft will become the richest man in the United States. There are three big companies I can think of right off hand that are part of the Internet, which is a world wide network of computers that anyone can use for paying a small monthly fee. These are Amazon, eBay, and Yahoo. Any of the three could make us rich if we invest early enough."

"All of these seem like they are several years in the future. Is there anything you can think of that happens sooner?"

"I really can't think of anything right off hand, sweet, sexy lady, but if I start looking through the Wall Street Journal, I'm sure if I see a company name I'll know if it becomes big or not."

"Oh my God! We really could become rich. Then I wouldn't have to put on the sexy act for all those overweight middle aged clients."

"That's right, Sweety. That's why I want to get a job so we'll have something to invest."

"But, Mike. You don't have to. We have over a hundred thousand you can play with. It was for your and Beth's college fund, but if you really know what's going to happen to some companies, it's going to be a sure thing."

"Well, Bonnie, we could still lose some money in the short term. For example, if we buy a stock of a company that I know is going to make it big, it might lose value at first before the big breakthrough or whatever causes it to become successful."

"We're not going to worry about that. I want you to start reading the Wall Street Journal. If you see a company that is having its first offering and you know it from 2003, I want to buy $10,000 worth of the stock. I don't want to get greedy, Mike, so at first at least, let's say that when the value of the stock is ten times the original, we sell out. Does that make sense?"

"It makes perfect sense, my love. We might want to sell out sooner though if the stock stagnates. You'll have to set up an account with a broker because I'm too young. That means you'll have to call in all of the trades."

"That won't be a problem. When you're eighteen, we'll let you take over."

"Good enough. Why don't you go down this afternoon and get a broker account set up. If you could pick up the WSJ while you're out, we can start looking today."

Beth and I spent the afternoon enjoying each other. She didn't seem to be bothered at all by what I had told her. It worried me some, so I asked her about it. "Mike, it is kind of wierd knowing you are in reality 58 years old. If I looked at you and you looked 58, I don't know how I'd feel. As it is, I look at you and I see a handsome young guy. This guy is a lot of fun to be around. He's not judgmental, and I am free to do or say anything when I'm with him. He's funny and intelligent and sexy and handsome and witty and sexy and considerate and sexy, and did I mention he's sexy? I love you, Mike. I loved you before, but now I'm in love with you. I want to live with you the rest of my life. Does all that make sense?"

"Yeah, Beth, it does make sense. All except the sexy part that is. I love you too, and I'm in love with you as well. I'm also in love with your mother though. That is something I'm trying to work out in my own mind. How can I be in love with two people at the same time. I guess it really doesn't matter how it can be. What matters is can you and Bonnie live with this."

"Without a doubt, Mike. We've talked about it and we've agreed to share. Just don't hurt either of us, or we'll both kill you."

I reached over and bit her on the end of the nose. She yelled, "Ouch!"

I gave her my best frightened child look and said, "I guess I'm dead now, huh?"

She swatted me on my shoulder, so I picked her up; carried her to the edge of the pool; and threw her in, clothes and all.

By the time she got out of the pool, I was in the house, running for my room. I locked the hall door but deliberately didn't lock the door into the bathroom. In a few minutes she came sputtering in, wrapped in a towel. "Ohhhh, you are dead meat," she told me. "Just wait till my mama comes home. We're gonna take you out."

"I hope it's a nice restaurant you're taking me out to," I told her as I took her in my arms. "I would so love a nice meal in the company of the two prettiest women in the state of California."

"Uummm," beth purred as I rubbed her back. "That might be arranged."

I picked her up again, this time to carry her across the room. I laid her carefully on my bed and lay down beside her. We started kissing, and what started out as sweet, loving kisses escalated into five alarm fire, call for backup kisses. I started kissing her face, then worked my way down her neck and across her upper chest.

Beth's body began to move on its own when I reached the top of the towel she was wrapped in. I grabbed the knot she had tied between her breasts with my teeth and worked it loose. When the towel came apart, Beth sighed. I kissed and licked my way to her right breast, then kissed and licked all the way around it. I then went in a spiral going around the breast but progressing toward her very hard nipple.

After I had given the nipple on her right breast a lick and a kiss, I repeated the same procedure on her left breast. After licking and kissing her left nipple, I let the lovely morsel pop into my mouth, and I proceeded to suck and gently nibble on it. I was really enjoying sucking on her and Beth must have been enjoying it too. After only a couple of minutes, her butt was thrusting off the bed and she was trying to tell the neighbors how good it was as she went through her first male induced orgasm. I think even the ones at work heard her report.

I let her calm down until she was no longer in danger of injuring either of us with her thrashing, then started gently working on her nipple again. The tension started to build again within seconds, so I started a trail of kisses and licks down across her abdomen, until I reached her belly button. I paid homage to it for a while, licking around the rim and testing its depth with my tongue. Then I resumed my journey to the south.

Beth's pubic hair is a light red in color, and is as fine and soft as a baby's hair. I gently blew into it and she gasped, then thrust her mound closer to me. I pulled back and continued giving gentle puffs of air through her hair and across her fully exposed clitoris.

I was intending to bypass her lovely pussy and tease her by making love to her legs for a while, but she was gasping for breath and her beautiful little mound was thrashing as if she were going to have a spontaneous orgasm, so I decided to go ahead and make it a good one.

Beth's lips were swollen, and her inner lips were protruding. I licked once, lightly, from the bottom to the top, then gently flicked across her clit. I felt as well as heard a scream starting so I grabbed on to her beautiful ass cheeks to help me stay with her through her explosion. Now was not the time for subtle loving, so I sucked her clit into my mouth and started flicking it with my tongue.

Beth isn't a large girl, but the strength in her pelvis is phenomenal when she is in the midst of an orgasm. If I hadn't had a nether cheek in each hand I'd have been thrown off in seconds. As it was, it was a wonderful roller coaster ride that seemed to go on and on.

As she was calming down, I kissed around the edges of her amazingly responsive pussy and caressed her ass and her thighs. When her breathing had returned almost to normal I started sucking her outer lips as far into my mouth as possible and gently chewing on them. I worked on her inner lips for a few seconds, then started doing long, slow licks from the bottom to the top of her pussy, just barely penetrating between her lips so I could taste her wonderful nectar.

Beth's hips started to raise again wanting more contact, but I teased her by moving with her and avoiding her clit completely. After a few minutes of this she was moaning softly and clutching the sheets. When I felt I had her built up as much as possible with this treatment, I thrust my tongue as far into her vagina as it would possibly go and wiggled it around. Her moans increased in volume and she shuddered as if she were suddenly chilled.

Alternating between her vagina and her clit, I brought her to the edge of a climax and then backed off until she had calmed some. I took her to the edge again and again denied her a release. I did this again and again, until her whole body was trembling constantly. When I finally took her over the edge, her scream began again. Her body was shaking and thrashing, then her scream ended abruptly, and her body seemed to relax.

I moved up and took her in my arms. She was breathing well, but she had passed out from the intensity of her orgasm. I held her, stroking her hair and placing little kisses on her forehead waiting for her to come back. I had read about women passing out from an orgasm, but I had never experienced it.

I was thinking about getting up and getting a damp wash cloth when Bonnie walked into the room. She was carrying a tray with two large glasses of orange juice as she walked over to the bed. She looked at us, Beth completely naked and me completely clothed and smiled. "I heard you trying to kill my daughter, so I thought you might need this."

"Thank you, Bonnie. I'm sure she's going to need it. She's okay, I think she just passed out from her orgasm."

"I'm envious, you know. I've had some wonderful orgasms in my life, but never one so strong I passed out. Your father wasn't into oral sex. I don't think he went down on me more than half a dozen times during the entire time we were married. From the looks of your face, I'd say you rather enjoy it."

"That's an understatement, Bonnie. I love giving oral sex. I could have gone on for hours, unfortunately, Beth didn't last more than about fifteen minutes. Maybe we should see if you could hold out longer."

Bonnie laughed and blushed. "Mike, I would love that, but I don't know if it's a good idea. You seem to have something special with Beth and I wouldn't want to spoil that."

Beth groaned before I could answer Bonnie. Her eyelids fluttered, and she tried to say something, but all that came out was a croak. I held her up and let her sip from her orange juice as I answered Bonnie.

"Yes, Bonnie. Beth and I do have a very special love. We want to be together for the rest of our lives. I don't know how to explain it, but I love you as deeply as I love Beth. We've talked about it, and we want you to be with us the rest of our lives too. Beth says the two of you are willing to share me. I know she is, and I hope you are as well."

Finally, Beth could speak again. "Mom," She paused to make sure she had her mother's attention. "Mike is right. We have all three agreed to share. Both of us want you with us. I don't want to hear any more argument from you, young lady." She the broke into a fit of giggles that had us all cracking up.

"I can live with that," Bonnie said. "Right now I'm feeling very jealous though. I have never in my life cum so hard I passed out. Here, you have, and Mike still has his clothes on."

"Oh, Mom, you wouldn't believe how good it felt. I lost track of how many times he made me climax, then he started bringing me to the edge, but wouldn't let me finish. He did that until I thought I was going to explode, then he took me over. I remember starting to cum and how good it felt, then everything went blank."

"If nothing else would have done so, this would convince me that you are telling the truth about changing bodies. No sixteen year old could have made Beth feel like you did, and any normal sixteen year old would have been inside her by now. Most kids place their own pleasure before their partner's. It's only age and experience that teaches a man that his own pleasure will be heightened if his partner enjoys her experience as well. Unfortunately, your father never did learn that."

"Didn't you enjoy sex with Daddy?" Beth asked.

"Yes, I enjoyed it. I enjoyed the closeness, but I rarely had an orgasm. Your father wasn't much into foreplay, so I was never quite ready. I loved him though, so I enjoyed the sex, even though I knew it could be better."

"How did you know it could be better?"

"Before I met your father, I had an older lover. I'd have probably married him, but his kids hated me. I guess they thought I was taking him away from them. Anyway, we had been going together for about six months when he told me he had to make a choice between me and his kids. I knew what the outcome would be, so I didn't even make him say it. I cried myself to sleep almost every night, until I met your father."

"Oh, Mom, I never knew. I'm so sorry."

"Sweety, it wasn't something you needed to know. I loved your father very much and I was never sorry I married him. I heard that my former lover died about five years after I married your father. I'd have been alone anyway. Now I have you guys."

After Beth had dressed, we all met in the kitchen. Bonnie told us she had set up a trading account with $100,000 to get us started. I pulled out sections of the Wall Street Journal for each of us and told them we were all going to work on it.

"I want you to be looking for three different things. First would be for anything about companies who are just having their first stock release. Second would be for any technology companies. Third would be for any companies with very low stock prices. Use a highlighter to mark the company names, and I'll look them over to see if I recognize them."

I finished my section before the girls did, so I looked through the stock listings for anything I might recognize. I did find IBM, and the price was less than $20.00 a share, so I told Bonnie I wanted her to buy a thousand shares of it."

I looked through the sections the girls had highlighted. I didn't recognize most of the company names, but one did catch my attention. The article said it was a small company that was doing research into crystalline processes. The name of the company was SMD, or Sorento Micro Devices. It was a company I had done extensive business with in the early eighties. Their stock was selling for less than $2.00 a share. I asked Bonnie to buy $10,000 worth of their stock, which had just gone on the market.

We all slept in Bonnie's bed that night. We all slept naked. I'd like to tell you that we all made passionate love, but in fact, we just snuggled. This time I snuggled to Bonnie's back, with Beth snuggling mine. I don't know why we hadn't had intercourse, but I think it was because we wanted to be completely comfortable with each other before we took that final step.

Beth was still a virgin, and Bonnie was still getting used to the idea of making love to her son. It didn't matter that it was another man in her son's body, it was still his body.

It was just over two weeks later when SMD went nuts. Their stock price had gone up slightly, and I had Bonnie buy another $10,000 worth of shares. We now owned 9,000 shares of a company I knew was going to be around in twenty-five years, and I was sure was going to grow in value over time. What I didn't know was that the company had planned its original stock release to allow their employees to purchase stock before they made an announcement of a major breakthrough.

They announced that they had developed a process that guaranteed at least a fivefold increase in component density. That meant they could get as many as five times as many transistors in a reasonable sized chip. Stock prices went through the roof. In less than a week, our 9,000 shares went from $2.07 per share to $35.90 per share. I told Bonnie to have our broker start selling them off, but to keep a thousand shares.

Wow. The 8,000 shares we sold went for $287,920.00. We were all thrilled, and even after the broker's commission we had a sizeable sum. The thousand shares we kept eventually made us a lot more than what we sold, but we now had a considerable sum to invest. I had Bonnie buy another thousand shares of IBM.

Rather than boring you with a description of our financial triumphs, let me just say we did rather well. By the time I turned eighteen, our portfolio included IBM, WalMart, Target, Disney and Bell South. We were now talking with our broker about tax shelters, tax free bonds, and other ways to protect our money. We had kind of lost interest in scratching to make more money. We had investments in stocks I knew would still be around and doing well into the next milennium and we knew they would be growing all of the time. I knew that Microsoft would go public in the mid-eighties, so we were prepared to take a big bight when they did.

The day we hit it big on SMD was a momentous one for all of us. Bonnie turned in her resignation that day, and that evening we went out to celebrate. Bonnie made reservations at the best restaurant she could think of. After a sumptuous meal, we went into the lounge for some dancing. My new body had very good coordination, and it didn't take long for my experience from my previous life to train my new body how to move.

I asked Bonnie to dance when they played the first slow song after we were seated. Before the song was half over, people were watching us as we glided around the floor. Bonnie is a natural dancer and followed my lead perfectly.

Bonnie and I danced two songs together, then we sat out a group of four fast songs. When the next slow song started, I took Beth's hand and asked her for the honor. Beth and I danced differently than I had with Bonnie. Beth put both arms around my neck, and my hands fell to her hips. We just sort of swayed to the music, making full body contact. God is she a pleasant armful.

When we came back to the table, we just sat and talked for a while. Bonnie was excited about quitting work, and I can't say I blame her. We were laughing about something, I can't remember what, when some guy came up and asked Beth to dance.

She thanked him but declined, saying she was just out celebrating with her family. The guy was obviously far along the way toward being drunk and he wouldn't take no for an answer. When he finally realized his charm wasn't going to get him anywhere, he decided that maybe his manly body would. He grabbed Beth's hand and pulled her to her feet.

Before I could even stand up, Beth pivoted so her back was toward him. She stomped his left instep with her right heel. When he let go of her arm, she buried her right elbow in his solar plexis.

The guy let out a whoosh and hit the floor on his ass, his legs spread like a teddy bear, and a dumb look on his face as he gasped for breath. Beth stepped forward, brought her leg back, and delivered a kick that would have made a forty yard field goal. When her toe connected with the guy's gonads, his eyes rolled back and he passed out.

Beth smiled at us and sat back down. "I've always wanted to do that. I hope I haven't gotten us in trouble."

Before the words were out of her mouth, two of the largest men I had ever seen showed up. One of them bent down and felt for a pulse on the guy Beth had taken out and the other one asked, "What happened here?"

Beth told him everything that had gone on. He looked at her with a disbelieving gaze and asked, "You mean to tell me you took out Joe Ferguson by yourself? I really find that hard to believe ma'am. Are you sure your boyfriend here didn't have something to do with it? It'll be harder on you if you keep lying to us."

"You'd better believe what she said," the guy at the next table broke in. "We saw the whole thing. The young man was just getting up when this Ferguson character hit the floor. You should probably get him to a hospital. I'm a doctor and from what I saw he may have a ruptured testicle."

"We'll do that," the bouncer replied. "I'm going to need all of you to give me your names in case any charges need to be filed." He turned to the next table and said, "I'll need your's too doctor."

We all gave him our names and the bouncers took Ferguson away. A few minutes later, a man who introduced himself as the manager came over. He apologized for what happened and told us our drinks were on the house.

"We'll pay for our own drinks," I told him. "Frankly, this will be the last time we come here. I can understand a customer getting out of hand. That kind of thing can happen. What I can't understand is a lounge having a bouncer who calls my sister a liar and acts threateningly toward her. That, you are responsible for."

"What are you talking about?" the manager asked. "The bouncer told me everything had been taken care of."

I told him everything that had been said and told him to ask the doctor at the next table if I were telling the truth. He was very apologetic. I didn't know quite what to say, but I let him know we weren't pleased about his bouncer saying Beth wasn't telling the truth. He again offered to pay for our drinks, but I told him we'd take care of them ourselves.

We left money on the table for drinks and a tip, then got out of there.

In the car, Bonnie asked, "Did you see the look on the manager's face when you told him we'd pay for our own drinks? It was priceless. He looked like you'd slapped him."

"That was my point. People think they can do or say anything and then make it all better by paying out a little bit of money. Hell, our bill was less than $20.00, and the bouncer's insult hurt Beth a lot more than that."

"Yeah, I know. Speaking of hurting. Beth, that Ferguson guy was really hurting. Why did you go after him so hard?"

"I don't know, Mom. I've been trying to figure that out myself. I wasn't really mad that he was bothering me, until he touched my hand. For some reason I just felt he was evil. It was like I was getting a flash at his thoughts, and he was thinking about other young girls he'd raped. I don't know if I was really seeing his thoughts, but it felt like I was touching a snake. I'm sorry if I upset you all."

"You didn't upset me," I told her. "I was so proud of you I could have burst. I was trying to get up myself, but you were so fast I wasn't any help. I'm sure I wouldn't have been as effective as you anyway. All I was thinking of was mashing his nose. Where'd you learn how to do that anyway?"

"I took some self defense classes last year. Mom was afraid something would happen to me, so it was her idea. I'm glad I took them though."
Chapter 3 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 2 |   Bottom
Chapter 3
Posted: November 11, 2003 - 11:39:27 am

I felt like I needed a shower when we got home, so I took a quick one while Bonnie closed up the house. When I went into Bonnie's bedroom, our bedroom now, Beth was laying on the bed, under the covers. As I walked toward the bed, she threw the covers off and held up her arms to me.

None of us had been wearing clothing to bed for the last couple of weeks. We had done a lot of naked cuddling and some great oral sex, but hadn't taken the big step. I climbed in next to her, and we held each other for a while.

I gently kissed her and told her she shouldn't worry about being too rough with the asshole tonight. "Whether you read his thoughts or not, he is a piece of shit. You could tell it by looking into his eyes. Even when he was smiling at you, his eyes were cold."

"I know. It just kind of scares me that I have that much violence inside me, ready to erupt."

"Who erupted? I sure hope he hasn't errupted yet. I have plans for him tonight," Bonnie said as she walked toward the bed.

She was wearing a very sexy nighty. It was black and nearly transparent, with solid patches discretely covering her more interesting places. "My, my, getting modest are we? That is a very sexy outfit, Bonnie," I told her.

"No, I'm not being modest," Bonnie told me, then kissed me with as much passion as I've ever felt in either life. "I just thought you might like to take it off me."

It was fun. We kissed and cuddled, with me in the middle. I had an erection that would have cut diamonds. Bonnie moved down as if she were going to take me in her mouth, but then swung her leg across me. She rubbed the head of my cock up and down through her pussy, then looked me in the eye and asked, "Are you ready for the next step?"

"Oh God, yes!" I moaned. We had all known it was going to happen, but we had all been waiting until we were really comfortable with the idea. I guess Bonnie was comfortable, I know I was.

Bonnie positioned me at her opening, then looked me in the eye. I nodded and she started lowering herself on me. When the head of my cock popped into her very warm, very wet vagina, I thought I'd gone to heaven.

Beth was watching her mother and I, a little surprised, but a lot turned on. "Beth, my sweet, sexy sister, would you please make my most erotic dream come true and put your beautiful pussy on my mouth. I want to make love to you while you watch Bonnie and me."

Beth smiled, then kissed me with as much passion as Bonnie had shown before. When we broke the kiss, she moved up then brought her leg across me as she faced the junction of mine and Bonnie's bodies. Her sweet pussy was only inches from my face, so I took hold of her thighs and pulled her down so my tongue could taste her center.

I wish I could say I lasted for hours, but my overcharged sixteen year old body and my highly stimulated fifty-eight year old brain reacted and I was pumping Bonnie full in less than a minute.

Thanks to my sixteen year old body, I remained hard, and Bonnie never even slowed down. I know Beth had at least four orgasms before we fell exhausted onto the bed. I have no idea how many Bonnie had, but for the last several minutes she was riding me, she was in an almost constant state of orgasm. I had cum three times before Bonnie finally pulled off me.

God, what a night! What a week! What a summer! What a life!!!

From that night on, we completely lost all of our inhibitions. We rarely wore clothes when we were home and even bathrooms were shared. Two days later, Beth gave me her cherry while Bonnie held her hand and kissed her eyes. It was one of the most loving things I had ever experienced.

The day after Beth and I made love, Bonnie told me she thought it was time to get me a car. I hadn't minded going everywhere with Bonnie, but she insisted. "Do I have a drivers license?" I asked her.

"You most certainly do. You took Drivers Ed last year, got an 'A' in the course, and passed your driver's exam on the first try. What kind of car would you like?"

"Well, I know it's expensive, but I really like the Chevy Suburban."

"What? No muscle car? I'd have figured you for a Camaro."

"Mike would have probably liked the Camaro, but I'm thinking about the three of us camping and maybe taking some long trips together, so I'd prefer the Suburban."

So, that's what we got. If was fully decked out and I got the trailer towing package which included an oil cooler and a transmission cooler as well as a heavy duty transmission and rear end. As we left the lot, Bonnie grinned at me and said, "I'll bet I know what our next major purchase will be."

I just grinned back and said, "I guess you should start shopping then."

"What are you guys talking about?" Beth asked, looking confused.

"I think Mike is thinking of a travel trailer," Bonnie told her. "It would be nice, and Mike got them to install some kind of thing that changes the car electricity into the type of electricity that can be used in a house or travel trailer, so we could go anywhere and still have all the comforts of home. He even got an oversized fuel tank for the Suburban so we could let it run all night if we needed air conditioning."

"Wow! That'd be cool. Wouldn't it be nice to find a place we could park the trailer with no one else around? We could run naked through the fields."

"Yeah, and run back to the trailer when the mosquitos tried to carry you away," I laughed.

School was about to start and I was looking forward to it with mixed emotions. High school had not been particularly nice the first time through. I had been a slightly over weight nerd from a poor family. I was sure this time through would be a lot different.

We'd had a lot of free time this summer, and so we all started to work out and run. Dad had quite a bit of exercise equipment that he had never really used. It was in a nice carpeted area in the basement and with a little bit of work, we had it set up to work for us.

We also started running. Damn, the first time we went out for a run, I was panting by the end of the first block and had a stitch in my side by the middle of the second. Bonnie and Beth were in a little better shape, but still needed a lot of work. We kept at it, and by the end of summer, we were running six miles and feeling good when we finished.

I used a lot of free weights and Beth and Bonnie worked more on tightening their stomachs and in toning their legs. I hate to say it, but Beth and I looked and felt like someone out of Body Beautiful when we walked in to school that first day. I was a Junior and Beth was a Sophomore.

We had done a lot of talking during the summer about our relationship and the need to keep it secret. Bonnie said that Beth and I both needed to date other people. Neither of us were for it, me especially. The thought of another guy kissing my Beth about drove me crazy.

Beth was a little easier about it, I guess because she was already sharing me with Bonnie. We finally agreed to dating, but neither of us were really happy with it. "Just because you go out with someone doesn't mean you have to screw them," Bonnie told us.

**** Tuesday, September 7, 1976 ****

One of the first people we ran into that first day of school was Shiela Hansen. When we saw this buxom cheerleader type coming toward us, Beth said, "Ut oh. That's Shiela Hansen, your old girlfriend. Careful Bro, she's a shark."

"Oh hi, Mike," Shiela said, totally ignoring Beth. "It's good to see you. I'm mad at you though," she said with a pout. "You didn't call me once the whole summer. I was afraid you didn't like me anymore."

By now she had her hands around my upper arm, stroking my muscle and smiling. "Well, actually you're right, Shiela. I don't like you anymore. I was in the hospital for two weeks and you never came in once. I was an invalid at home and you never called. You are a shallow person, Shiela and I really would appreciate it if you'd let go my arm."

Shiela stepped back. I don't think she'd have been any more shocked if I'd hit her. Beth giggled, and I looked at her and said, "Shark, huh. More like a guppy."

Beth broke up, laughing her ass off. Shiela had no idea what was going on, but she definitely knew we were laughing at her. Her face got the darkest shade of red I'd ever seen on a human being. I could see she was thinking of what she could do to make herself look the best. She drew back her hand and started to slap me.

Beth grabbed her hand in mid swing and held it there. She stepped close to Shiela and said in a voice loud enough for everyone to hear, "Shiela, you are a piece of shit. Mike would have let you get away with slapping him because you are a girl. I won't let that happen. It wouldn't bother me a bit to put you in the hospital so you can see how many people come to visit you. Do I make myself clear?"

Shiela nodded, and Beth let go of her wrist. Beth just stared at her and you could see that Shiela was completely stunned. Finally she just turned and walked away, tears of frustration rolling down her cheeks.

I gave Beth a quick hug and we both headed off to our home rooms.

I was signed up for Biology, Chemistry, Trig, Government and English. Biology, Chemistry, and Trig were Monday, Wednesday and Friday classes. On Tuesday and Thursday I had Government, English, and Chemistry Lab. It was an aggressive schedule, but one I felt I could handle.

By the end of the week, I was bored out of my mind. In my previous life, I had dual degrees in Chemical and Electrical Engineering. High school Chemistry for me was like going back to first grade to learn my ABCs. Trig was just as bad, because of all the math I'd had in getting my engineering degrees.

Government class was taught by a guy who was really a Physical Education teacher. He made an already dull class into something that was as dry as cardboard. Biology was interesting because I hadn't taken any Biology classes in forty-two years.

The class I enjoyed most was English. It was mostly a composition class, and the teacher, Mrs. Barnes allowed us a lot of leeway in how we interpreted our assigned topics. When I received my first paper back from her marked "A+" I was almost as excited as a high school student should be.

I talked to Bonnie about my boredom problem and she asked if there was any way I could test out of any of the classes. I didn't know, so the next morning I made an appointment with my guidance counselor for Monday afternoon.

**** Monday, September 13, 1976 ****

Ms. Richards was a nice looking woman, who I think was just trying to get her years in so she could retire. She wasn't much interested in the problems of a teenager, and tried to blow me off by saying there was no way could just test out of the classes.

"Ms. Richards, I was reading the other day about a twelve year old kid who had graduated from high school and was enrolled in college. Are you trying to tell me he spent four years in high school and sat through every required class to get his credits for graduation?"

"I doubt that he did, Michael, but that kind of thing is for gifted children only. Do you think you're gifted?"

"I'm not sure what my previous IQ scores were, Ms. Richards, but I was in a coma for a couple of weeks earlier this year, and when I woke up, I felt very different than I did before. Maybe you should have me tested to see if I've gone up or down as a result of the coma."

"Maybe I should set up an IQ test for you," she said with a smug smile. "If it comes out the way I think it will, it will nip these feelings of superiority in the bud. Sit still, Michael. I need to make a phone call. I'll be right back."

She was back inside ten minutes with a business card. "This is Dr. Johann Franks. He is the school psychiatrist and does any special testing required. He had some time tomorrow afternoon, so I've scheduled for you to take an IQ test starting at 1:00 PM. Please be at this address at least fifteen minutes early. I will inform your afternoon teachers you will not be here."

I thanked her and tucked the card in my shirt pocket. "I'll be happy to take the test, Ms. Richards. However, I have one requirement before I'll take it. I want to be told my score on the test as soon as you find out. I feel I am old enough to know how I stack up, and I will not take the test unless you agree to this."

"I'm afraid I can't do that, Michael," she said, her self righteous smile was back. "School policy says we cannot tell the student what his or her score is. I will be happy to send the results to your mother though. As for taking the test, you don't have a choice now that I have set it up. You either take it, or you will be suspended until you do take it."

"That's okay, Ms. Richards. I'm going to see my attorney this afternoon. Would you please inform my teachers I will not be here? You might also want to tell Mr. Andrews (Principal) that I will be filing a suit against the school. It seems that in this state I am old enough to be tried for a capital crime. I'm old enough to legally have sex. I'm old enough to smoke cigarettes. If I'm old enough for these things, I'm old enough to know how smart or how dumb I am. My attorney loves these kinds of cases and he'll have a ball with it."

"There's no need to get an attorney, Michael. I'll talk with Mr. Andrews and see if something can be worked out. Just go ahead and take the test tomorrow and I'm sure we can all come to an agreement."

"I'll tell you what. I'll talk to my attorney this afternoon and you talk to Mr. Andrews. I'll ask my attorney to hold off filing until I have talked with you. I'll come in to see you in the morning and if you give me a written document, signed by you and Mr. Andrews that I'll be given the results, I'll go ahead and take the test. If you do not have the document or if you try to cancel the test or postpone it, I'll tell the attorney to go ahead with the suit."

"I find your attitude insulting, Michael. I will not be threatened."

"Ms. Richards, I am not threatening you, I am informing you. You need to get over your attitude that just because you're older than me, you are necessarily smarter than me. I have been polite and respectful, I just have not allowed you to bully me. I'm sure the tape recording I've made of this interview will show that."

"You made a recording? That's illegal. I'll... I'll have you arrested."

"It is illegal for a policeman to tape an interview for the purpose of entrapment. I don't think the school attorney will agree that it's illegal for a student to protect himself from false accusations. I'll talk with you in the morning, Ms. Richards."

That night I asked Bonnie if Mike had ever taken any IQ tests. She said he had taken one the year before and that he was very bright. She said his score had been 132. I had taken one a few years before, myself and had been in the upper 130s. I knew it was close to genius level and had been quite proud of my score.

"Yeah, I was in the 130s too, Bonnie," I told her. "I always felt good about it because average is 100."

"Do you really feel like it might be higher now?"

"It feels like it is. Things seem to come easier for me. I have also been having some wierd things happening that I can't explain."

"Like what?"

"Well, do you remember how Beth said she felt like she was reading that guy's mind in the lounge? I've been getting flashes like that myself. It's mostly with you or Beth and usually when we're making love. I think it might be tied to strong emotions."

Bonnie looked pensive for a few minutes then said. "I've had those kind of experiences all my life. I've always just shrugged them off as my imagination. It does seem like they are more frequently lately. Do you think it could have anything to do with you switching bodies?"

"I don't know, Sweetheart. I know I have a close emotional bond with you and Beth. One of the reasons I wanted to take this test is to see if my brain has changed. If it has changed in one way, maybe it has changed in others. For example did Mike have a perfect memory for things he'd read?"

"No, he was smart, but he always said he had to read something several times before he had it. Why?"

"Well, I didn't have one as George either. Now I do. I'm also reading much faster than I ever could before and understanding what I've read if it builds on things I've read before. It's kind of scary in a way."

"Oh, Sweety," Bonnie said as she pulled me into a hug. "Beth and I are here for you. If there's anything we can do, just let us know. You said you're reading faster. How fast are you reading now?"

"I don't know for sure. Hand me that 'Time' magazine and I'll let you time me while I read a page. Pick out a page with a lot of text."

I handed her my watch, which had a stopwatch built in and showed her how to use it. She handed me the magazine with her finger marking a page. She told me to keep it closed until she told me to start.

She said, "Go." and I began reading an article on the future of the electronics industry. It was an interesting article and not one I'd seen before. When I finished the page I said, "Done."

Bonnie looked disturbed. "That's impossible. There has to be close to two thousand words on that page, and you finished in twenty-three seconds."

"I did read it, Sweety. Ask me a question about it."

"Okay, Third paragraph, second sentence. What are the first three words?"

It was like using a microfliche reader to scan down through the article. "By the middle," I told her.

"My God! Let's count the words and see how fast you are, stud. I know from experience you're not too fast when you shouldn't be."

We counted then calculated. It came out to a little over four thousand words per minute. I wasn't too disturbed, because I knew the Kennedys had read that fast or faster. It's just that they had to work hard to get to that speed and I had it for nothing.

**** Tuesday, September 14, 1976 ****

The next morning, I walked into Ms. Richard's office at exactly 9:00 AM. She didn't say a thing, but handed me a paper. I read it and it was what I asked for and it was signed by the appropriate people. I said, "Thank you." and turned to walk out. She never said a word the entire time I was there.

When I arrived at Dr. Franks' office I learned I would actually be taking two tests. It seems there are several tests of different types that can be given that look at slightly different aspects of intelligence. To be honest, I couldn't tell much difference from the types of questions that were asked.

God! What a grueling afternoon. When I found out it would take a little over four hours to take the tests, I called home to let Bonnie know I'd be late.

Actually I was out of his office in a little over three hours. I'd have been out sooner, but I had to wait for him to go through the second test making sure I'd answered all of the questions.

**** Wednesday, September 15, 1976 ****

I was in Biology class the next morning when I was paged to go to Ms. Richards office. I didn't see any way she could have the test results as yet, so I was wondering what the hell she could want as I entered her office.

She motioned me to one of the chairs in front of her desk and when I was seated she said, "Michael, Dr. Franks called over your test results this morning. He is asking for us to schedule some additional testing for you, and since I know you have some, ahh humm, uh... strong opinions about that type of thing I wanted to discuss them with you first."

"Before we talk about additional testing, I'd like to hear the results of the tests I took, please."

"Okay, you took two tests. On the first test you took, genius level is considered to be around 140. You scored 176. On the second test you took, genius level is around 150. You scored 183. Dr. Franks was concerned with your finishing so quickly, so he scored the tests last night. He says these are the highest scores he's ever seen from a test he's given, so he'd like to do some additional testing. It seems there are other tests that are a little more refined and can give a better idea of the areas you excel in."

"Ms. Richards, the tests I took yesterday exhausted me completely. I'm not inclined to take any more, but I will talk it over with my mother. If she wants me to take the additional tests, I will. Is that satisfactory with you?"

"Yes, Michael, that will be fine. I would like to discuss these tests with her as well, though. I should have the written reports by Monday. Could you please have her call me on Monday so we can set up an appointment? I believe Dr. Franks would like to set in on the meeting as well."

"I'll have her call first thing Monday morning."

"Thank you, Michael. We can probably also discuss testing out of some classes as well. From the brief conversation I had with Dr. Franks, he feels you are probably bored out of your mind with the courses you are taking now. I want to apologize for disbelieving what you said before. I should have at least given you the chance to test in one class to see if you were genuine."

"Not a problem, Ms. Richards. Actually you did the right thing by scheduling the IQ tests. I thank you for that," I said as I stood to leave.

The rest of the day at school was a blur. I went from class to class, ate my lunch, and talked to friends, but my mind was somewhere else.

**** Friday, September 17, 1976 ****

It was Friday night and none of us had dates. I had told Bonnie and Beth about my test results yesterday and we were all still a little shook up. We were snuggled up together on the couch. We had tried to watch some television, but there was nothing interesting on, so we put on some soft music and were just enjoying each other's company.

"So, what could cause a jump of fifty points in IQ in a year?" Bonnie asked.

"Absolutely nothing that I know of," I told her. "Theoretically, your IQ should be nearly the same from birth to death. I wish I had an answer."

"Do you think the tests Dr. Franks wants to give you would shed any light on the subject?"

"No. Absolutely not. Even in the year 2003, little was known as to what made one person more intelligent than another. Sure, brain damage can cause your IQ to go down, but I haven't heard of anything that would make it go up."

"Then you don't think taking the additional tests would do any good."

"No, but I do think they would cause a lot of additional exposure. We certainly don't want that," I said as I gave her left breast a squeeze.

Bonnie giggled. "No, we don't want that."

"I know that the brain functions when neurons fire an electrical signal from one neuron to another neuron. The electrical charge is fired because of a chemical change inside the sending neuron. Many neurons are firing in parallel. If there were more neurons firing in parallel, that might speed up the process. The rest potential of a neuron is about -70 millivolts, I believe, and the cell triggers when the voltage reaches about -55 millivolts. If the rest voltage and the trigger voltage were closer together, the neuron might fire quicker. Additional blood supply to the neuron might also speed it up. There may also be some kind of trigger, like adrenalin or something that would cause things to work faster or better."

"That's more information than I ever wanted," Beth laughed. "What I want to know is, are you going to keep getting smarter, or have you reached your potential?"

"I just don't know, Sweety. I am also wondering about what is causing all of us to have these flashes of telepathy. If we could learn to control it and strengthen it, there is no end to what we could do."

"Yeah. I've been wondering about that myself. Why is it only the three of us? I've never heard of anyone else who had these experiences."

"A lot of people over the years have demonstrated some form of ESP. Some of them have been hoaxes, but some have been verified. No one knows why. It could also be that a lot of people have these flashes but are afraid to say anything about them."

"Well, I think we should move this discussion to the bedroom," Bonnie said. "That way when Mike starts another discourse on how the brain works, I can fall asleep without having to worry about getting up later."

We did move to the bedroom, but not until after I had given Bonnie a severe tickling.
Chapter 4 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 3 |   Bottom
Chapter 4
Posted: November 12, 2003 - 12:44:36 pm

Saturday, September 18, 1976

I was laying awake, thinking about what we had talked about, long after my two beautiful lovers were asleep. I was becoming a little frustrated because the same thoughts kept chasing themselves through my mind. Finally, agitated with the whole thing, I thought, "Why the fuck are we experiencing telepathy?"

"Suddenly, I knew. I knew it as clearly as I knew my own name (both my names actually). We were receiving more blood flow to a portion of the brain that had no known function."

"How did I know that?" I wondered.

"Oh well, I wish I could see what was causing the additional blood flow."

I could immediately see, behind my closed eyelids, a portion of the brain and a blood vessel leading into it. Somehow I knew this blood vessel was larger than in normal people, and that the telepathy was triggered by a state of excitement because of an increase in blood pressure.

I thought about this for a couple of minutes then thought, "I wonder if my brain could cause this vessel to increase in size?"

I knew that to do something like that, I'd have to be in a very excited condition. I slipped out of bed and quickly got dressed without awakening Bonnie or Beth. It was now over two hours after midnight so I knew there would be very little traffic.

I got in my new Suburban. I was on the freeway within a few minutes going toward San Jose. I let the speed start to creep up, feeling the tension and excitement build. When the speedometer said 120 MPH, I tried my experiment.

"I want the blood vessel I was looking at earlier to be permanently 50% larger than it was this afternoon," I thought.

I didn't feel anything happening, an after a few more miles I thought the same thing. I still didn't feel any change, so I reluctantly took the next exit and started home.

When I went back into the bedroom, Bonnie raised herself on one elbow and looked at me. She didn't move her mouth, but I distinctly heard, "What the hell is he doing dressed?"

"I wanted to try an experiment, Sweety. Just go back to sleep. I'll be back as soon as I go to the bathroom."

Again, I did not see her mouth move, but I heard, "Go back to sleep, Hell. I'm awake now. I'm going to jump his bones."

"Sweety, as much as I enjoy you jumping my bones, I'd rather wait until morning if you don't mind. I'm all keyed up and I don't think I'd be much good to you."

"Mike, why are you answering me when I didn't say anything?"

"But... you said you were awake and were going to jump my bones."

"I thought it but I didn't say it. What's going on, Mike?"

"My God... It must have worked!" I went on to explain to her the insights I had earlier and my experiment to increase the size of the blood vessel. After chewing me out for driving that fast, she calmed down enough to ask some questions.

"Are you saying you can read what I'm thinking all of the time now?"

"I don't know, Bonnie. I certainly heard what you were thinking when I came into the room."

"Okay, I'm going to shut up talking and think something at you. See if you can pick it up."

"Okay, and I love you too, Bonnie."

"That was an easy one I guess. Try this one."

"Okay, you thought 'and all the boards did shrink'."

"Well... I know you didn't come up with that one by accident. Are you picking up anything besides my surface thoughts?"

"No, but I haven't tried either. I really don't want to invade your privacy."

"Privacy, Hell, Mike. We're about as close as any two people can get. You've even licked my asshole. Your father didn't do that in all the years we were married. If you'd like to look at my innermost thoughts and fantasies, you have my permission. Any time, any place."

"Just relax for a minute or two, Bonnie. Let me see what I can see."

"My God, Bonnie! Why didn't you tell someone about the lump in your breast? You've been worried about it. Maybe we could have helped. You need to see a doctor."

"I know! I know," Bonnie sobbed. "I should have told you a week ago, when I found it. I was trying to get up the courage to tell you and Beth and to call a doctor, but I was and am scared, Mike. We've all found something good and I don't want to lose it."

"I don't want to lose it either, my love. Maybe there's something we can do about the lump though. First, though, would you like to be able to do the mind thing I've been doing, reliably?"

"Yes, I guess so. How does that have anything to do with my lump though?"

"Well, I changed the size of a blood vessel in my brain just using my mind. If I can do that, then maybe I could remove cancer cells as well. If we get it so you can do the same thing, we should have a better shot at getting rid of your lump."

Bonnie brightened considerably and said, "Okay, let's try it. What do we have to do?"

"I'm not sure. I just visualized the blood vessel in my brain and told myself I wanted it to be 50% larger. I had excited myself by driving fast, so my blood pressure was up and I could have the power to do it."

"Now that you can do it all the time, can you visual the vessel in my brain and tell it to get larger?"

"I don't know, but let's give it a try."

We looked deeply into each other's eyes, and I concentrated on the area of Bonnie's brain that we wanted to have increased blood flow. When I closed my eyes, I could see the area and see the vessel with the blood flowing through it. The blood vessel was not as large in Bonnie as it had been in me. I concentrated on the vessel and thought, "I want this vessel to be twice as large as it was yesterday."

I stayed concentrating on her brain, and I could actually see the vessel growing. "Do you feel anything different?" I asked her.

"No, not really," She responded, a look of disappointment coming to her face.

"I didn't either at first. I'm going to clear my mind and think of one thing. See if you can tell me what I'm thinking."

She waited a few seconds and smiled. "I know you love me and Beth. We both love you too."

Bonnie paused another couple of seconds then said, "It's so amazingly clear. When you think something, it's like I'm hearing it with my ears. It's not audible though. This is amazing."

"Yes, it is. When you probe someone for their underlying thoughts it is a bit different. You don't hear the words, it's just like you grasp the concept without needing words."

"So, what do I do about my lump?"

"First off, show me where it is so I can feel it."

"You're just wanting to feel Mommy's tit, you nasty thing," Bonnie laughed. I could tell she was relaxing already.

"Yes, but Mommy has such pretty tits," I told her. "Now show me, woman."

Bonnie pulled my hand to her breast and started moving my fingers around. I felt it almost at once. It was about the size of a marble and spongy hard.

"Okay, now close your eyes and tell yourself you want to see the lump in your breast."

Bonnie concentrated for a few seconds then said, "I can see it. It's an ugly thing, Mike."

"Sweety, I'm going to look into your mind and see if I can see it too."

Bonnie didn't say anything, so I looked into her mind. She was concentrating on the lump and I could see it clearly.

"Now, Sweety, tell yourself you want the cells in the lump to die, and you want your body to adsorb the dead cells and excrete them through normal excretion."

Bonnie concentrated again. Almost immediately I could see the lump start to shrink. Within five minutes, it was gone. Neither of us said a word during this time. I don't think either of us could have.

Finally, I asked, "May I feel your lovely breasts again?"

Bonnie smiled and nodded. It was gone. The lump is gone! "My God! Sweety, the damned thing is gone," I shouted!

Bonnie's smile lighted the entire city as she knocked my hand out of the way and started her own examination.

"It is gone," she almost whispered.

"What's gone?" Beth asked. "What's all the commotion about? I'm trying to sleep here."

Bonnie explained to her everything that had gone on as I held my wonderful lover with the fixed booby and stroked her hair.

Of course, Beth wanted us to "fix" her brain too, so we repeated the process we used on Bonnie with Beth. Beth's blood vessel was more the size of mine, maybe even a little larger, so we went with the 50% increase on her.

After Beth was up to speed, we had a mental conversation between the three of us that blew us all away. Thoughts passed back and forth much faster than words and always came out as we meant them to. We experimented a little and found we could also send and receive feelings, sights and smells. It was wonderful.

<Bonnie, there's one thing I want you to do as soon as possible, > I told her. <I want you to tell your mind to look for other cells like those in the lump in your breast. If you have them, you should get rid of them.>

<I was thinking the same thing, Honey. It wouldn't hurt for you and Beth to do the same thing.>

<Mom, Mike, I was just thinking. If we can make cancer cells go away, could we also make something like a bad heart well again?>

<I think we could, Sweety, > I told her. <Maybe even repair things like a broken bone.>

<If that's the case, Mike, Why would we ever have to die?>

Her question totally flabbergasted me. I think it must have done the same thing to Bonnie. We all just looked at each other, I at least was a little scared from the implications.

Finally, I managed to shape a coherent thought. <I'm not sure, Beth. I don't think we have enough information. We probably need to do a little experimentation to see what we can do. We really don't know what we'd have to do to stop or reverse the aging process.>

<Well, from what you told me, you were pretty general in what Mom told her body to do to get rid of the cancer cells. Maybe we just need to tell our body to make and keep itself as it was when we were in the best condition of our life.>

<You and I are young enough, Beth, that we'd need to let our bodies mature a little before we did something like that. Bonnie/Mom could actually try it now. Are you game to try something like that, Bonnie?>

<Yeah, I guess I could try. I was just thinking about when I was in the best shape of my life. I think it was when I was eighteen. I was a cheerleader. My breasts were full grown, I had a slim waist, and my hips were just a little smaller than they are now. We exercised a lot for the cheerleading, and I could run five miles while hardly breaking a sweat. My muscle tone was excellent and I didn't have these disgusting stretch marks that you guys gave me.>

<Wow! I wish I had known you then.>

<Maybe you'll get the chance, > she giggled. <Should I try it now?>

<It's almost 6:00 AM, > I said, <maybe you should wait until we get up in the morning. I think we should all try to get some sleep right now.>

<I'll agree with that, > Beth said. <I was sleeping nicely when you guys woke me up. If it'd been something important, I wouldn't have minded so much, but all you wanted to do was cause me to be able to read minds and maybe live forever.>

We all laughed at that, then snuggled in for some much needed rest.

It was nearly noon when I woke up the next morning. Beth's head was on my left shoulder and she was snuggled close. It was the smell of coffee that awakened me, and it was close by.

As my eyes began to focus, I could see that Bonnie had set two cups on the night stand and was wafting the delicious fragrance toward Beth and I. I did a double take. Yes, it was Bonnie, but she was like no Bonnie I had ever seen before. She was absolutely gorgeous!

<You did it, > I said. <You are definitely the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in either of my lives.>

<Thank you, kind sir, > She said with a little curtsey. <Yes, I did it. I've been up almost two hours. It was a very interesting experience.>

I beckoned her to me, and she slid in beside me. <How interesting? I asked.

<Well, I told my body to return itself to the way it had been two months before I graduated from high school, and to maintain it in that condition until I told it differently. I immediately started feeling the changes happening. My ass got smaller and my tits got tighter. I could feel my skin tightening but becoming more supple. I could even feel my pussy change. Probably the most interesting thing was when the change was complete.>

<What happened then?>

<I got hungry.>

<What's so interesting about that?>

<I ended up eating six eggs, more hashbrowns than I would normally fix for the three of us, a pound of bacon, and half a dozen slices of toast with butter and jelly.>

<Ahhh. Your body needed the fuel to compensate for the changes it had made and was probably still making. How do you feel now?>

<Hungry!>

Beth giggled. I knew she had been awake since Bonnie had gotten into bed with us, but she hadn't said anything.

Bonnie passed Beth and I our coffee, and we sipped for a while. Finally, Beth said she was hungry too, so we decided to go out for brunch.

We ended up going to an IHOP that was close to the house. Beth and I ordered what we would consider a normal breakfast. Bonnie had three eggs, corned beef hash, hashbrowns, and three plate sized pancakes. I was almost embarrassed.

We talked verbally while we ate, talking about school and exercise and any innocuous thing we could think of. We were also carrying on a nonverbal conversation on things we didn't want anyone else to hear.

<Bonnie, you are absolutely gorgeous, > I told her.

<You ain't seen nothing yet, > She replied. <Just wait until you slip that marvelous cock of yours into my pussy. I'm tight, and wet, and hot, and any other adjective you can use to describe an eighteen year not quite virgin pussy. I'm going to be leaving a wet spot on the seat here from just thinking about it.>

<Maybe we should get home then and try it out, > I said.

We did, and it was everything she said it would be.

God! I can't believe it. Did I say that Bonnie is gorgeous? Actually I don't think there was ever a word invented that could tell you just how beautiful she is. And energetic, she has more energy than I could imagine. She has a cheerleader's body and no cheerleading to do, so she has to expend the energy someway. We had sort of let our exercise and running lapse since school started, but Bonnie got us back into it with a passion.

Anyway, back to the story. I am trying to keep to the order things happened in, but I digress at times.

We spent most of the rest of that day in bed. Bonnie couldn't get enough and I couldn't get enough of her. We didn't leave Beth out either. I must have cum seven or eight times that day. I had the normal libido of a horny sixteen year old, plus I had found I could now will myself hard. Even if I had just had an earth shaking cum, I could get hard again in seconds.

I also had the chance to watch Beth and Bonnie get it on. Watching that gave me an erection you could have driven nails with.

Monday, September 20, 1976

I was in Biology class on Monday morning, when I was again called to Ms. Richards office. Waiting for me there was Bonnie, Ms. Richards, Mr. Andrews, and Dr. Franks.

Ms. Richards informed me they had been discussing my test results, and said they were ready to talk about me testing out of some classes.

"There are two or three ways we can do this, Michael," Said Mr. Andrews. The first way would be if you just dropped out of school and took the GED (General Education Development) test. That way you would not get a diploma, but you would be able to get into college once you passed the GED. The second way would be for you to select the classes you feel you could test out of, then you would take tests for those classes over a couple of weeks time. Then you could take whatever classes you still need to graduate. The third way is the same as the second, except we would give you a week or two to prepare for the test by studying the text book for the class."

"Well Mr. Andrews, if you are giving me a choice, I would choose the third way, if I can graduate early after passing all the required tests or taking the classes."

"Yes, Michael. That would be the scenario, and I believe it is your best choice. A GED is okay, but it is still better to have a diploma in my opinion."

Ms. Richards said, "Here is a list of the eight classes you need to graduate. Put a checkmark by the ones you'd like to take the test for and leave the classes you are going to take blank."

She handed me a slip of paper with the eight classes listed. I quickly put a check beside each class and handed it back to her.

She glanced at the list then said, "Michael, you are indicating that you want to test out of every one of them. Is that what you intend?"

"Yes, Ms. Richards. I'd like to schedule things so that I can graduate at the end of the first semester."

"I don't know if that's possible, Michael," Mr. Andrews said while shaking his head.

"If it can be done, I think it should," Dr. Franks said. "As I was telling you earlier, there aren't more than one hundred people in the United States who has that high of an IQ, and not more than a thousand in the world. We really shouldn't hold him back if we can help it."

Mr. Andrews thought for a couple of minutes then said, "Okay, we'll do it your way, Michael. What class would you like to start with?"

"Chemistry is my best subject, so let's start with that. Could we set the test up for Monday morning? That would give me the weekend to study."

"That will be fine, Michael," said Ms. Richards. "I will be administering the tests. There's one thing you should know, though. Each subject test is a one shot deal. If you don't pass it the first time, you have to take the class."

"I understand, Ms. Richards. It makes sense to do it that way."

Until I passed the test for a subject I was currently in, I had to keep attending the class. One of the reasons I decided for chemistry to be the first one I tested out of was because it had three class periods and two labs every week.

I somehow made it through the rest of my classes that day. During my study hall, I decided to try an experiment. The school was about five miles from our house as the crow flies. We had never experimented with range, so I thought I'd try. <Bonnie, can you hear me?> I called mentally. I tried to direct my thoughts to her as I sent them.

<Yes, I can hear you. Where are you, Lover?>

<I'm in study hall at school, Swivel Hips. I was wondering if you and Beth would like to go out to dinner tonight.>

<I certainly would and I'm sure Beth would too. You know how much she hates doing dishes.>

<Beth, my love, would you like to go out to dinner with Bonnie and I tonight?> I projected to Beth.

It was almost a minute before she answered. Evidently I'd caught her at just the wrong time. She had been lost in thought when my voice was suddenly in her mind. She let out a little squeak and had to make up a story for her teacher when he asked what her problem was.

<I told him I had seen a spider, > she told me. <Yes, I'd love to go out to dinner. Could we go somewhere that has dancing? I enjoyed dancing with you so much that night and I know Bonnie did too.>

<Yeah, I kind of liked it too. I'll ask Bonnie to make reservations for us.>

<When you call her, tell her about you scaring the crap out of me in class.>

<Tell her yourself, Sweet Lips. I asked her mentally if she'd like to go out just before I started talking to you. Just direct your thoughts toward her. If it's okay, I'll listen in.>

<Certainly it's okay. I love you Mikey.>

<I love you too, Lively Legs, but if you don't stop calling me Mikey, I'm going to turn into the tickle monster.>

I could hear a mental giggle. I'll swear I could. Then I heard Beth calling to Bonnie.

<Mom, are you there?>

<Of course I'm here. Where else would I be? Are you in class also?>

<Yes, Mom. Let's see, you might be out somewhere so you could let all those horny men out there drool over your sexy new body.>

<I only want one man drooling on me from now on, Sweety. I think you know who that is.>

<Yeah, and that drooler damn near scared me to death a while ago. I was sitting quietly in class when all of a sudden I heard his voice in my mind. I almost peed myself.>

I could hear Bonnie's mental laugh. <I'm listening in Bonnie. I hope you don't mind.>

<Not at all, Lover. I do think you need to take special care of Beth tonight to make up for scaring her though.>

<I'll gladly take special care of Beth any night, Mom. I love her, you know.>

<Yes, we both know. So where did you guys want to eat?>

Beth told her of her desire to go dancing after dinner, and Bonnie agreed. <How about this little redneck country place I know of? I hear they serve great ribs, and they have a band every night.>

Beth and I agreed that would be great. I love ribs, and Beth and Bonnie do too. The messier the better I always say.

The redneck bar was just as described. The food was fantastic, and the dance floor was as big as Texas. When we had all stuffed ourselves with the ribs, Beth asked me if I'd dance with her. "I would love to dance with my beautiful lady," I told her. We were keeping all conversations verbal so we wouldn't confuse people around us if we shared a joke nonverbally and we all burst out laughing for no apparent reason.

Once we were on the dance floor, we could hold each other close and converse mentally. <I love you, Mike. You know that, don't you?>

<I love you too, little Sis. It'd be pretty hard to keep how we feel from each other now, wouldn't it?>

<The funny part is, Mike. I still love you as a brother, even though I know the boy I grew up with isn't in there any more. But now, I also love you as a boyfriend... no that's not right. I now love you as a husband. I feel like we're married, Mike, and I like it a lot.>

<Me too, Sis. I do love you as a wife. It is so strange to say that and know I feel the same way about Bonnie.>

<Thanks for including me, Mike, > I heard from Bonnie. <I love you and Beth as well. <You like a husband, and Beth... Hell, I don't know. I guess I love her like a husband too. Is that strange?>

<Shit yes, it's strange, > Beth answered. <I know what you mean though. I've been trying to think of what my love for you is like, Mom, and I guess it IS like I feel for Mike.>

When the dance was over, I escorted Beth back to the table, and since there was another slow song starting, I asked Bonnie to dance.

We were dancing close, and had moved over to one of the less well lighted corners to exchange a kiss when we heard mentally, "HELP!" It was immediately cut off, but we both started running for our table. It was empty, and the chair Beth had been was laying on it's back on the floor.

I had just turned to ask the people at the next table what had happened when two very large men came running up. "Are you with the girl that was here?" one of them asked.

"Yes, what happened?" Bonnie asked.

"We were watching the place on the monitors upstairs. Everything was fine until we saw these three guys grab the girl who was here. One of them slapped a rag over her mouth and nose and she went limp. They were out the back door before we could get down here."

"Call 911 and report a kidnaping," I told them. "I'm going out back to see if I can see their car. "Bonnie, get our car and meet me around back."

One of the bouncers said, "Now wait a minute. You can't go out..."

"Shut up and do what you're told," I said as I headed toward the door. "If you don't, your boss is going to be awfully mad when we own this place."
Chapter 5 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 4 |   Bottom
Chapter 5
Posted: November 13, 2003 - 11:44:13 am

By the time Bonnie picked me up, I could feel Beth. <She's asleep, Bonnie, but I can feel her mind.>

<Can we wake her up? Can you tell which direction she's in?>

<She's that way, > I said, pointing. <Take off that way, and I'll see if I can wake her.>

<Beth, Sweety. I need for you to wake up baby, but pretend you're still asleep. Wake up for me baby. They've used some kind of chemical on you Sweety, so you'll have to tell your body to get rid of it. Please wake up for me baby.>

<I'm awake, Mike. Oh God! I'm scared to death.>

<Do you know where you are baby?>

<I'm in a car. I have my eyes closed, so I don't know where I am. They have me tied up and have a blindfold over my eyes.>

<Okay, Sis, see if you can look through the driver's eyes. If you can tell where you are, it'll save us some time. We're coming in your general direction now.>

<Okay, I'll try. Hold on a minute.>

We waited for what seemed like forever then Bonnie and I heard, <We're on Hallowell Road, heading for the reservoir. Mike, the driver is planning to rape me then kill me. He's the guy I kicked in the nuts when we were dancing before.>

<Okay, sweety, we're right behind you.>

<Mike, two of them are in the front seat and one of them is back here with me. He keeps trying to kiss me and he's squeezing my tits. God they hurt. Oh, my God! He just ripped the top of my dress off.>

<Honey, see if you can get in his mind and put him to sleep. When I get there he's a dead man.>

Bonnie looked over at me a shocked look torturing her features. <Don't even try to change my mind, Bonnie. He is hurting one of my wives, so he has to die.>

<I wouldn't think of stopping you, My Husband. I just thought I'd be the one to do it. I think they all have to die.>

<Agreed. Obviously the law can't do anything about them. If they are trying to rape and murder Beth, it's just a matter of time before they'd do it to someone else.>

<Okay, guys, the one in back here is asleep. What do I do next?>

<Knock the one who isn't driving out too. We're gaining on you, our beautiful mother is going about eighty five on this narrow little road. I never knew she could drive like this.>

<I didn't either, > Bonnie told us.

<The other guy is out now. The driver is suspicious. He's trying to talk to them, but they're not answering back.>

<Let us know if he slows down or anything, Sweety. We couldn't be more than half a mile behind you now.>

A few minutes later we heard, <He's stopping, Mike. He's thinking about a forest service road.>

<He's stopped and is getting out of the car to open a gate. He thinks his buddies must have been overcome by the ether they used on me. Should I put him to sleep too?>

<Do it baby. We'll be there within seconds.>

<He's asleep, Mike. I caught him as he was getting out of the car. It must have hurt when his head hit the gravel.>

<Good. I plan to wake him up before he dies, so he knows why he's dying.>

We saw the tail lights of a car ahead and slightly off to our right. Bonnie slowed and pulled in behind it. We were out of the car before it had hardly stopped rolling.

<It's us, Beth, > I said just before I touched her. <Everything is alright now baby.>

We got the blindfold off first, then I went to work on the clothesline rope they had used on her hands and feet. Bonnie was kissing her eyes and nose and cheeks as she stroked her daughter/lover's hair.

When I had her free, we went into a group hug that lasted for several minutes. Beth was sobbing when we started, but we held each other until she had calmed down.

<Bonnie, take Beth back to our car and I'll take care of the trash.>

<NO!> I didn't know you could yell mentally, but Beth did it. <I'm going to help. I need to help, Mike.>

<I need to be in on it too, Mike. If we're going to do this, we do it together. I'm not going to feel any guilt over this, and I don't think Beth will either.>

<Okay, ladies. I can understand your need to help. It isn't going to be pretty though. I'm going to make them hurt a little first.>

<I understand your anger, Mike, but I'm not sure about torturing them. Yes, wake them and let them know they are going to die and why they are going to die. Let them think about it for a few minutes. That should be punishment enough. I don't want us to become like them.>

<Okay, Bonnie. I want to cut their balls off with a dull knife and feed them to them, but I know you're right.>

<You could only cut one of Ferguson's balls off anyway, Mike. Evidently they had to remove one of them when I kicked him.>

<Okay, girls. How do we do this?>

<Can we wake them up but paralyze them so they can't move?> Bonnie asked.

<I suppose we can. Do you have an idea of what we do then?>

<Yes, but I think we'll play it by ear. We'll be able to tell what scares them the most and we can build off that.>

<Okay, let's do it.>

We dragged the three men out and laid them side by side on the gravel road. I woke them but gave their bodies instructions that they couldn't move their arms or legs. Ferguson started threatening and sputtering immediately.

"Just shut up, Mr. Ferguson," Bonnie told him. "As the three of you can see, you can't move your arms or legs. You picked on the wrong people this time, boys."

"Whaddya mean," one of the men asked.

"You tried to kidnap a witch," Bonnie told him. "All three of us are witches. To show you I'm telling the truth, we're going to give you all a very severe pain in your right knees." She nodded at me and I told their bodies their right knees had just been crushed.

All three immediately started screaming. Bonnie waited nearly half a minute then nodded at me again. I told their bodies their knees were well and shouldn't be hurting.

You could see the fear in all of their eyes. Ferguson said, "Ma'am, she crushed my balls. We were just bringing her out here to scare her a little bit. We weren't going to hurt her."

"We can read your mind Ferguson. All the way out here in the car you were thinking of raping and killing my daughter. You are going to die for that. In fact, all of you are going to die for that."

"Mike, should we burn them to death or drown them?"

"I'd say burn them, it's a lot more trouble, but I think it will be a lot more painful."

"I think we should drown them, Mom. It'd be a lot harder to burn them and the police will investigate a lot harder than if it is just a bunch of guys who got drunk and drowned."

"Yeah, I guess you're right, Beth. I just hate to see them get off that easy."

We loaded them all into their car and went through the gate so we could drive down close to the water. We found a small beach area and removed them from the car and laid them on the beach. Beth wanted the honor of undressing them and she made many derogatory comments about their manhood as she did. She piled each one's clothes in separate piles on the beach.

Bonnie said she wanted to make each of them fuck each other in the ass, but I told her we didn't have that much time. We had their bodies adjust their blood alcohol levels until they were almost twice the drunk limit, then stood them up and made their bodies start walking into the lake. I forced them to remain silent, so we wouldn't be swayed by their pleas. We could see each of them still walking as their heads went under.

On the way back to town I asked Bonnie if she were feeling bad about what we'd done. <Not really, > she answered. <Maybe we did do a little too much mental torture, but I think they deserved it.>

<Mom, think of the torture they put me through. Also did you probe them at all?>

<No, Sweety, their minds were sickening.>

<Well, I did. Two of them raped a twelve year old girl a couple of years ago. They thought she was dead when they left her, but they found out later she lived.>

We made slow passionate love when we got home. All three of us. It was as if we were trying to wipe out the things that had happened and reaffirm our love for each other. When we finally went to sleep, we were calm and relaxed. We all slept well.

The rest of the week at school was anticlimactic. I arranged to take the Chemistry exam the following Monday. I knew that with a Chemical Engineering degree in my other life I would have no problem with a highschool Chemistry test, so I really didn't even have to read the book.

Wednesday, September 29, 1976

I was daydreaming in that same class on Wednesday when I heard in my mind, <Hey, Bro. Did you look at the bulletin board today?>

<No, Sexy Tushie. I didn't take time this morning.>

<They're starting tryouts for the track team this afternoon. Are you interested?>

<I've never been much of a jock, Sis.>

<I haven't either, Silly, but I was thinking it might be fun. Maybe try out in some of the long or middle distance races.>

<It might be fun. It also might help with our own conditioning. Are you going to try out?>

<Yeah, I think so. I'd like it better if you were on the team too. I guess I'm feeling a little insecure about being alone.>

<Not a problem, Sweety. I'll see you at the tryouts.>

Actually, it was a lot of fun. The coaches had different areas set up for the different events, but the longer distances were all grouped together. Coach Daniels got up in front of the people who were trying for the distance positions to explain what we would be doing.

"Today is an elimination day," Daniels told us. "Today we are going to determine which of you ladies and gentlemen are long distance runners, and which ones we feel need a little more practice before you try out for the team again. The way we're going to do that is, we're going to give each of you a number, which will be displayed on your back. We have a course set up that is exactly two miles long, one out and one back. Men and women will be running together. Each time you pass this end of the course, my assistants will record your number. You will all run for an hour and the people who go the farthest during that time will be on the team. If you feel like you cannot run for an hour, now is the time to back out."

There were about fifty kids there and after the coach's talk five or six of them left. Beth and I went over and picked up our numbers then helped each other into them.

After a lot of milling around, everyone had their numbers. The coach lined us up near the starting point and told us the signal that the hour was up would be the firing of the school canon. As everyone was getting ready, I said to Beth, <Let's just run this like we do our runs at home, Sweety. We might not be the fastest, but we've been doing well over an hour lately and I know we can keep up that pace.>

<I was thinking the same thing, Mike. Would you like to run side by side like we do at home?>

<I wouldn't have it any other way, Lively Legs.>

Her grin made my day.

When the race started, we were near the back of the pack. We started at the speed we normally ran at, and were completely comfortable. Beth and I conversed mentally the entire time. That way we didn't have to worry about anyone overhearing us and it also conserved out oxygen.

At the two mile mark we were passing people who were starting to drop back. At the four mile mark there were less than ten people in front of us. At the six mile mark, one guy was still leading us, but he appeared to be faltering. At the eight mile mark, we were by ourselves, but we were lapping other runners. We were approaching the ten mile mark when I looked at my watch and say we only had about three minutes left.

<Three minutes left, Sweety. Sprint?>

Beth just smiled and took off. We passed the ten mile mark like we were running the hundred yard dash. I didn't try to distance Beth, but just kept even with her. I could see Coach Daniels with a big grin on his face as we blew by him.

We were about a quarter of a mile into the next lap when the canon went off. We checked in with one of the assistants who was close and started our walkdown to cool off.

As we approached the starting point, Coach Daniels walked out to meet us. "You two are the Greens, right?"

Beth and I confirmed we were.

"Mr. Green, you are a very good runner. You're going to do big things this year. Miss Green, you are phenomenal. You ran at a speed that matched the winner of the ladies Boston Marathon last year. Do you guys run at home?"

"Yes, Sir," Beth told him. "We run every day. We started running a half hour, but now we run about an hour and a half. We usually run at the pace we ran today. Our mother runs with us."

"Good genes. How old is your mother?"

"She's 37, but she looks 18. They card her every time she orders wine with a meal."

Coach Daniels laughed. "I wish I had that problem," He told us. "Anyway the male and female runners who run the farthest in this test are automatically on the team. Practice will start tomorrow after your last class. I'm looking forward to working with you kids."

We thanked him and went for a quick shower before heading home.

Bonnie was thrilled when we told her we'd both made the long distance team. We decided to grill some steaks to celebrate. We had a great dinner in the back yard, until the mosquitos decided they were hungry too. The last straw was when one of the little buggers decided it liked Bonnie's nipple as much as I do. Beth and I had to do a lot of kissing to make it well when we were all in the safety of the house again.

Thursday, September 30, 1976

Practice for track was fun. Beth and I both signed up for the 10K, the 5K, and the one mile runs. The coach wanted us to also try out for some of the field events, so I tried out for javelin, discus and shot put. I was an abysmal failure on the shot put, but wasn't too bad on discus. The javelin wasn't too bad either, but I figured one field event was enough. Beth tried out for several events, but finally settled on the high jump.

Since Beth was running faster than even the boys, she didn't have much competition. We trained hard though and before long, we were both improving greatly.

Monday, October 4, 1976

The following Monday I took the test for Chemistry. As I figured, I was in the 99th percentile. I scheduled Trig for the following Monday since I didn't feel I would have any more trouble with it than I did Chemistry.

Bonnie and I were talking after I finished my test. She was at home and I was in my Trig class. Beth's birthday was coming up on Friday, so Bonnie and I discussed what we should get her for a present. <Bonnie, it's the big number sixteen for her, > I said. <I think we should get her a car.>

<I was kind of leaning in that direction myself. Any idea what kind?>

<I don't think she'd want or need a muscle car. Something sporty would be nice though. How about a Corvette?>

<Get real, Mike. A Corvette is not a car for a young girl. Besides do you really want to compete with all the boys that would be hanging around if we got her a Corvette?>

<You get real, Bonnie. Beth and I are as much in love as you and I are. Would you run out and get it on with another guy just because you could? I know I have no desire for any woman besides the two of you.>

<You're right, Sweety. I still think we should go with something a little more conservative. How about a Volkswagen. I'm afraid she'd get carried away with a Vette and get herself hurt or killed.>

<Actually, a Volkswagen is a sexy little car. That might not be a bad idea. Why don't you find out what one will cost, then move enough money from our stock trading account to our checking account. I'll take tomorrow off from school and we can go look.>

<Sounds like a plan to me, Mike. What do you think about a party with some kids from school?>

<Well, Beth doesn't have a lot of friends at school, but she does hang out a lot with Sharon Mayhew. I could ask Sharon who we should invite.>

<Can you talk with her this afternoon?>

<Actually, she's on the same lunch schedule as I am. Beth doesn't eat until later. I'll grab her at lunch.>

<Just watch where you grab her, Buster.>

<I will, Mom. I always look where I grope.>

<Mikey, you are a bastard.>

What I didn't tell Bonnie was that I seriously thought Sharon had a crush on me. When I'd speak to her when she was with Beth, she was all smiles and she never passed up an opportunity to touch my arm or my chest.

I arrived at the cafeteria early, and waited just inside for Sharon. When she came in, she was by herself. "Hi Sharon."

"Hi Mike." Her smile would have lighted New York.

"I was wondering if you'd sit with me at lunch. I need to talk with you about Beth."

"Sure. I'd love to have lunch with you, Mike."

We chatted as we went through the line, and when we got to the cashier, I paid for both lunches. We found a small table over in a corner, and sat facing each other.

"Sharon, I don't know if you realize it or not, but Friday is Beth's sixteenth birthday."

"I knew it was soon, but I didn't know it was this week. All she can talk about is getting her driver's license."

"Yeah, I know. She's going to have her socks knocked off when she sees what Mom is getting her."

"What is it? I promise I won't tell."

"A Volkswagen."

"God, is she going to flip out. I'm excited for her. I wish I could see her face when she gets it."

"Well, that's what I wanted to talk to you about. Mom and I want to have a party for her, but we really don't know who her friends are, except you, of course. I was wondering if you had any idea who we should invite."

"I can think of a few. How big a party were you thinking about?"

"Not too big. I wouldn't want to invite someone just to fill a space, and I definitely wouldn't want to invite anyone she didn't like."

"Okay, I can think of three girls and two boys who she really likes. Besides me, that is. She knows a lot of people, but these are the only ones I'd say she was actually friends with."

"Would you do the honors of inviting them for me? You could all show up around four on Friday."

"Sure, Mike. I'll do it for you."

"Tell everyone to bring swimsuits so they can use the pool. Unless you all want to go skinny dipping that is."

Sharon giggled and looked up through lowered lashes, "That might be fun," she said shyly.

"Oh, it is fun. I enjoy it immensely."

"Do you... I mean have you... Awh Shit. Have you ever gone skinny dipping with Beth?"

"Yeah. All the time actually. Mom too. We are kind of like nudists around the house. We are planning to go to a nudist camp this coming summer." I don't know why I was telling her these things. I just had a feeling I could trust her and I knew Beth did.

"Wow. Cool. I don't know if I could do that or not. Doesn't it bother you? I mean, doesn't your... thingy get all... ?"

"It did at first, Sharon, but you get used to it after a while and it isn't a problem any more. Please don't say anything to anyone except Beth about what I told you. There's nothing wrong with what we do, but a lot of people aren't as open minded as you are and they might look down on Beth because of it."

"Oh, Mike. I wouldn't say anything. I wouldn't want anyone to think badly of you either."

"Sharon, I'm really not worried about what people think of me. There are very few people I care about, and the ones I do aren't going to think badly of me anyway. I do care about Beth though and I wouldn't want anything to hurt her."

"I knew I liked you for a reason," Sharon said with a big smile.

"Ditto," I said, returning her smile.

We talked about school and track until lunch period was over. As we were getting up to leave, I said, "I really enjoyed talking with you, Sharon. We'll have to do this again."

"I'd like that, Mike," she said while taking my hand and giving it a squeeze.

As I was walking to my next class I thought I'd better get in touch with Beth. <Hi Sweety. Are you busy?>

<No, just going to lunch. How is your day going?>

<Okay so far. I wanted to tell you I had lunch with Sharon Mayhew before you heard it from someone else.>

<And what were you up to with the luscious Sharon?>

<Nothing really. She is nice to talk with, though. I just didn't want you to think I was coming on to her or something.>

<Gee, and why would I think that, Big Brother? Do you have a guilty conscience?>

<Beth, you know I love you with all of my heart. You know I love Bonnie just as much. I guess I am feeling a little guilty because I did enjoy talking with Sharon so much. I also admit I am physically attracted to her.>

<Hell, I'm attracted to her too, Big Brother. You should see those magnificent tits of her in the shower. It's all I can do to keep my hands off them. Yes, I do know you love me and Bonnie. She does too. Don't worry so much.>

<I knew there was a reason I love you so much, Sis.>

<So, what did you two talk about for an entire lunch period?>

<We talked about school and track. We also talked a little about our home lives.>

<Yeah. Sharon doesn't have it so good at home. Her father knocks her around and her mother is dead. Did she tell you she's afraid her dad is going to rape her?>

<No, she didn't, Beth. Is there anything we can do?>

<Not that I know of right now. So, what did you tell her about our home life?>

<Well... I told her we were nudists and invited her over to go skinny dipping.>

<You didn't!>

<Yes, I did, Sweety. It's the truth isn't it?>

<It's the truth, but it's private. You shouldn't be telling anyone about it.>

<I know that, Sweety. I really don't know why I did. There's just something about her that makes me feel I can trust her.>

<It wouldn't be because she's madly in love with you, would it? Or maybe it's because you want to see those mammoth mamaries.>

<Cut it out, Sis. I've got to go to class. I just wanted to give you a heads up in case she said anything.>

<Okay, Bro. See you at track practice.>

Sharon showed up to watch track practice. Beth and I talked about it a little bit, mentally. She was as surprised as I was. I can't say I wasn't happy to see her, so when I was on a break, I ran over to talk with her.

"Hi there young lady. What brings you out to see us tortured?"

"Hi Mike. I just wanted to tell you that the two boys and two of the girls I told you about said they'll be there on Friday. The other girl can't make it."

"That's great, Sharon. Thank you for coming out. It's nice to see a friendly face while the coach is trying to kill us."

"That's okay, Mike. I like watching you and Beth. You have a real grace when you're running."

"We've only got another half hour or so. Are you going to hang around till it's over?"

"I was thinking about it. My dad's out of town until next week, so I don't have to be in a rush to get home."

"How about you and Beth and I run over to Betty's when we get through and grab a burger?"

I'll swear, the lights went on when she smiled. "I'd really like that Mike."

"Great. Hang around while we get our showers. I have my car here."

<Beth, I just invited Sharon to get a burger with us after practice. Is that alright with you?>

<Gee, this is getting serious, > Beth teased. <I'd better warn Mom that you're dumping us.>

<Dumping you on the bed to tickle you is more like it. Bonnie too if she starts this shit too.>

<Okay, I'll be good. I'll let Mom know we're going to be late.>

<Thanks, Sweety.>

I was out of the showers first when practice was over. I walked over to where Sharon was waiting, and she reached and took my hand.

"Beth should be out in a couple of minutes. It doesn't take me as long in the bathroom as it does her."

"That's okay, Mike. I don't mind waiting with you."

"What kind of classes are you taking this semester, Sharon?"

"I'm in all the advanced placement classes I'm afraid. It bothers me a little because I'm afraid everyone is going to think I'm a nerd."

"Well, I don't think you're a nerd. I'm testing out of a lot or maybe all of my remaining classes this semester. I hope to graduate at the end of this semester."

"Wow! I wish I could do that. I still have six months before I'm sixteen though, so I'm sure my dad would never go for it."

"Sharon, please don't be angry with Beth, but she has told me a little about your dad. Is there anything we can do to help?"

Sharon squeezed my hand so hard I thought she was going to break my knuckles. "No, Mike. There's not anything anyone can do. I've talked to a counselor about it, and she says that the things he does to me can't be considered abuse. I'd have to prove to a court that the punishments are for no reason other than to hurt me."

"Well, Sharon, if it ever gets so bad you can't take it any more, or if you're afraid, you can run to our house. I'll talk to Mom about it this evening, but I'm sure she'll agree."

"Thank you, Mike," Sharon said just as we saw Beth coming out of her locker room.

Betty's is your typical teen hangout. I hadn't been there since my body switch, because frankly there isn't a whole lot of interest for a 58 year old man in such a place. I had fun though. We all had burgers and fries and cokes. Sharon sat next to me, and I don't think she let go of my hand more than three times the entire time we were there.

"I haven't been here but a few times," Sharon told Beth and I. "I've never quite fit in, I guess. There's always some loud mouthed bully here to try to give the nerd girl a hard time."

"I don't think anyone will bother you, Sharon, but if they try, Mike and I will take care of them."

"She means it to," I told Sharon. I went on to tell her about Beth crushing the guy's testicle.

"My God, Beth. How'd you learn to do that?"

"I have no idea, Sharon. I just seemed to know what to do and I did it."

"I know what you mean. I've had that kind of thing happen to me too. There are times I feel like... I guess I shouldn't say anything about that. You'll really think I'm wierd."

"Go ahead, Sharon. I promise I won't think you're wierd," I assured her.

"Well... okay. There are times I feel like I know what someone is thinking."

Beth and I exchanged a look then I said, "Sharon, Beth and I have both had those same feelings. We don't think you're wierd."

Sharon looked at me and then at Beth, "You've really had those feelings, Beth?"

"Yes, I have, Sharon. The night I kicked the guy in the nuts, I thought he was thinking about hurting me."

"Enough of this, guys. Sharon, would you like to meet our Mom? She's really cool and I'm sure you'll like her."

"That would be great," Sharon smiled. "Would you take me home afterwards, Mike?"

"Not a problem, Sharon. Now, let's get the hell out of here."

After we were in the car, I asked Beth mentally, <Do you think we should warn Bonnie we're bringing home company?>

<Naah, let's surprise her. It'll probably surprise the hell out of Sharon too.>

It was all I could do to keep from breaking out laughing.

As we pulled into the driveway, I told Sharon we were going to surprise Mom. I let the Suburban coast in and we got out quietly. I opened the front door with a key and looked through most of the downstairs. Then I spotted movement on the patio.

Bonnie was in a lounge chair, catching the last rays of the sun. The back of the lounge was toward the door, so she couldn't see us coming, and we couldn't see anything of her except her right arm.

We went out on the patio, leaving the door open. When we were about ten feet from her chair, Beth said, "Hi Mom."

Bonnie jumped like she was shot. "Hi yourself," she said as she got to her feet and turned to face us.

There she stood in all her glory. Naked as the day she was born. She shook her finger at Beth and me and said, "You two are going to catch it for this."

Sharon was standing there with her mouth open. She looked like a bass trying to catch guppies. Beth and I were laughing our asses off, then Bonnie started in.

It took Sharon a minute or two to recover, then she blushed and giggled. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Green. They didn't tell me. They just said they wanted to surprise you."

"I know these two," Bonnie said. "They would do anything to embarrass me."

"You shouldn't be embarrassed, Mrs. Green. You have a beautiful body. They told me the three of you go nude around the house a lot. I just wasn't expecting it."

"Mom, this is Sharon Mayhew," Beth told her. "She's a good friend and we trust her."

"Hi Sharon. Thanks for the compliment," Bonnie said as she picked up a robe from another chair and slipped it on. "We do go nude a lot. I personally believe the human body is beautiful in all of it's diverse shapes and sizes."

Beth went and got us all cokes and we all sat around and talked for a while. Sharon started to relax, and she fit in with the rest of us like a hand in a glove.

"Sharon," I said. "Would it bother you to tell Mom about your father? Don't feel like you have to if you don't want to. I just think she will understand, and I'd like for her to know if you ever need help."

"No, Mike. You're right, your mom is really cool."

Sharon went on to tell how her father was abusing her and getting away with it. "He will ground me for a week or send me to bed without supper or make me stand in a corner for hours or any number of other things. He makes up reasons to punish me. If I say, 'Yes Dad' He'll say I used a snotty tone of voice, or he'll say I was late getting home when I was half an hour early."

"Does he hit you?"

"No, but one day he had me standing in a corner. I guess I'd been there about four hours when I passed out. I hit my head on a table when I fell, so he grounded me for a week for breaking the table. He used to hit Mom a lot though, and he threatens me."

No one said anything for a few minutes so Sharon went on.

"Lately he's started talking about what big tits, his word, I have and how he'd like to chew on them. He asked me if my... my... gets all wet and if I rub myself."

"Sharon, Honey, I think you need to get out of there," Bonnie told her. "From what you're telling me. it's just a matter of time before he really hurts you. Do you have any relatives you could go to?"

"Mom had a sister somewhere, but I don't even know her married name. Dad has a brother, but he's probably worse than Dad. I really don't have anywhere to go."

"You do now, Sweety," Bonnie said. "I'm going to call my lawyer tomorrow and see if there's any way I can get custody of you. Would you agree to stay with us if we can arrange it?"

"Oh God yes! Would you really let me stay here, Mrs. Green?"

"The name is Bonnie. That's B-o-n-n-i-e. Yes. We'd really do that. We're a democracy here. Mike and Beth have a say in everything too. I know they agree or they wouldn't have brought you here."

"Thank you. All of you. I don't know what to say. I'm overwhelmed."

"You don't have to say anything, Sweety. Would you like to stay here tonight?"

"No, that's okay, Bonnie. Dad is out of town until next Monday. I'll be safe there until then."

"Okay. I'll make some calls and see what we can do to help."

"I'm going to take Sharon home, Mom. Is there anything you need while I'm out?"

Sharon told Bonnie and Beth goodbye and we went out to the Suburban. I was just opening her door for her when I heard, <Mike, you know this girl is madly in love with you, don't you?>

<Bonnie, I have not read her and I don't intend to.>

<So, the feeling must be mutual?>

<I don't know, Bonnie. I love you and Beth just as much as I ever did, but I do feel something for her as well.>

<Hah! I knew it!> Beth said. <It's those mammoth mammaries, Mom.>

<No, it isn't, Beth. She's a sweet girl and she needs help. Now, shut up, you two.>

<Mike, Just remember if you can love Beth and I equally, you could love her too. I don't have a problem with it and neither does Beth. Just don't hurt her.>

Sharon scooted over close to me when I got in, so once I was out of our driveway, I put my arm around her. She snuggled in like she had always been there and we drove in silence for a while.

Sharon lived clear on the other side of the school district from us, so it was almost ten miles to her house. She pointed her house out to me and I pulled into her driveway and turned off the car. The house was dark.

"Do you need for me to go in with you, Sharon?" I asked.

My arm was still around her and she was still snuggled in. She looked up at me and said, "No, Mike. I'll be fine."

I leaned down and kissed her softly. It was a gentle, loving kiss that probably went on too long to be just friendly. When I broke away Sharon said, "Thank you, Mike. For everything."

"No. thank you, Sweetheart. I'd better get out of here. I don't want you to think I'm trying to take advantage of you."

"I could never think that, Mike. Will you eat lunch with me again tomorrow?"

"It would be my distinct pleasure, but I'm not going to be at school tomorrow. I'm going to be helping Mom pick out a car for Beth. I'd love to have lunch with you on Wednesday though," I said, then gave her another gentle kiss.

"Wednesday will be fine, Mike. I'll see you then."

I got out and went around to open her door. When she got out, she hugged me fiercely, then ran to her door. I stood there until she had it open and had gone inside.

When I got home, Beth and Bonnie teased the crap out of me about my new girlfriend. I knew it was all in fun, but I finally started to become depressed.

<Mike, we understand and we're okay with it, > Bonnie told me.

<Bonnie, I know you are okay with it and I know you understand. I don't feel bad about what I'm feeling about her. I don't feel bad about your teasing. What I feel bad about is that if it were you or Beth starting to feel about someone else the way you feel about me, I don't know if I'd be as understanding. I feel like a selfish shit.>

<Mike, we'll face a situation like that if it ever comes up. I know you, though. You have integrity. The only thing that worries me about this situation is, if you do become serious with her, how is she going to handle your being with Beth and me as well. I'm not going to give you up, and neither is Beth.>

<Damned straight, > Beth put in.

<I know that, Bonnie, and I have no intention of giving you up either. I think there is going to be a closer bond for all of us, though. Sharon told Beth and I she sometimes knows what other people are thinking. If we would help her become fully telepathic, I don't see how she could keep from loving all of us.>
Chapter 6 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 5 |   Bottom
Chapter 6
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 01:18:50 pm

Tuesday, October 5, 1976

Bonnie and I were at the Volkswagen dealership when they opened. We went in and a salesman was immediately on us. He started what had to be a canned sales pitch, but Bonnie cut him off.

"Mr. Carruthers, we are going to buy a Volkswagen bug today. The only question I have is, what colors do you have on your lot that we can have by Friday?"

"Ma'am, we have several. We have a light blue, a dark blue, and a dark green for sure. I'll check what else we have."

"There's no need for that. If you have the dark green, we'll take it."

"But there are options you should consider. Let's see... there's..."

Bonnie cut him off again. "We'll take whatever is on the dark green one."

"But..."

"No buts. If you don't want to sell it to us, I'm sure one of the other salesmen here would be happy to do so."

Shopping for a Volkswagen with Bonnie was a gas. She steamrollered the guy. She even got him down an additional $500.00 less than what he said was their best price.

She told the guy we'd pick the car up on Friday morning, and she was sure he'd make sure it was in perfect condition.

After we left the dealership, we went shopping for party supplies. We had a ball, and got some nice gag gifts, and some party favors suitable for a five year old.

Practice was boring. Sharon wasn't there.

Wednesday, October 6, 1976

I was waiting inside the cafeteria door at lunch on Wednesday when Sharon walked in. She turned on her million watt smile, and I almost melted. She grabbed my hand and we went through the line talking as if we hadn't seen each other in a year.

This time, Sharon slid in beside me instead of sitting across from me. We talked and held hands and tried to eat the institutional food. She told me she knew exactly what she wanted to get Beth for her birthday.

"You don't have to get her anything, you know."

"Yes, I know, Silly. I want to though. I just have to figure out a way to get to the mall before Friday."

"If you want, I'll take you after practice."

Sharon grabbed my arm and hugged it to her breast. God, it was nice. I was glad I was sitting down, otherwise I would have embarrassed myself.

"Sharon, we need to talk about something," I told her.

"Okay, Mike."

"I don't know how to say this without scaring you, but I have to say it. We've only been talking for a couple of days now, but I think... no, I know I'm falling in love with you."

Sharon was silent for over a minute. Finally, she said, "Mike, I've liked you for years. At least I thought I did. Something happened to you this summer that changed you. Since then I've realized I don't just like you. I love you too."

"This may get us in trouble, but I just have to kiss you," I said.

She smiled and we leaned together. The kiss was much like the one we shared the other night. This time, though, we had an audience. We must have held it a little too long because someone started applauding. By the time it registered with us that it was us they were applauding, almost the entire lunchroom had gotten into the act.

We were both blushing when we broke apart, and Sharon hid her face against my shoulder. We managed to get out of there with no teacher realizing there had been a public display of affection going on under their noses. Evidently we were the talk of the students though because Beth harassed me while she was at lunch.

Sharon was waiting for me after practice. "Are we still on for the mall?" she asked.

"Yeah, we'll have to drop Beth off at home first. Would you like to go with me to get something to eat before the mall?"

"That would be nice. Do you want to get a burger again?"

"No, I was thinking of something a little nicer. Do you like Chinese food?"

"I love it."

"Okay, I know just where to go."

Beth came out and she gave us a big grin before we all climbed into the Suburban. "So, what's this I hear about you guys playing kissy, kissy in the lunch room?"

"Oh for goodness sake, Beth. It was just one kiss," Sharon said.

"Yeah, but I hear it went on for twenty minutes."

"Oh for God's sake," Sharon said with mock severity, then she giggled. "It couldn't have been more than eighteen or nineteen minutes."

"So, are you two a couple now?"

Sharon looked over at me, and I could see a touch of fear in her eyes.

"Yes, nosey sister. We are a couple. That is, if Sharon will have me as her boyfriend."

"In that case, Beth. Yes, we are a couple."

"Good!" Beth said.

When we pulled into the driveway, Beth asked if we were coming in and I told her Sharon and I had some things we had to do.

"Well, you two be careful. If you'll kiss for twenty minutes in front of a crowd, it's hard to tell what you might do if you're alone."

"Sis, the tickle monster is lurking. You can expect a visit in your near future."

I put the Suburban in gear and left her laughing her beautiful ass off in the driveway.

Sharon and I had a wonderful dinner at the China Garden. We talked and flirted. Sharon taught me how to use chop sticks. I was beginning to feel like I had a girlfriend.

When we got to the mall, Sharon dragged me to a jewelry store. "There's this ankle bracelet Beth was showing me the last time we were in here. It's really neat."

The bracelet was nice, but it was almost a hundred dollars. Sharon was devastated. "I had no idea it was so much. I can only afford about $20.00."

"That's okay, Sweetheart. I'll pay the difference."

"I can't let you do that, Mike. I'll just get her something else."

"No way, Sharon, My Love. This is what she wants, so this is what she gets."

She finally agreed if I would let her put my name on it too. While they were wrapping and boxing it, I saw something that really caught my eye. It was a necklace that had four interconnected gold hearts. In the center of each heart was a heart shaped ruby. I called Sharon over and asked her if she thought Beth would like it.

"Like it! It's fantastic. Did you see the price tag though?"

"Yeah, almost a thousand. It'd be worth it. I think I'm going to get it."

"Mike! You're a junior in high school. How can you afford something like that?"

"Ut Oh. Sharon, I hoped this wouldn't come up until we'd been together for a while. I don't want it to affect how you think or feel about me... I have money... A lot of money. Mom trusted my judgement enough that she allowed me to invest the money that was set aside for mine and Beth's college."

"But, Mike. You don't want to spend that money."

"I know, Sharon I've already replaced it all. Our broker tells me we're worth over two million dollars now. I expect that to be over ten million within the next five years."

"Oh God, Mike. I had no idea. You have to believe that. I don't want your money. It's you I fell in love with."

I took he shoulders and looked her straight in the eye. "I know that, Sharon. It's you I fell in love with as well. I didn't even want to, but it happened anyway." I pulled her to me and kissed her. This time there was passion in the kiss. We'd probably still be kissing, but the jeweler cleared his throat to get our attention.

"I'd like this necklace as well," I told him. "If you could box and wrap it as well, I'd appreciate it."

I didn't wait for an answer, but turned back to Sharon and kissed her again.

Thursday, October 7, 1976

Thursday was a dreary day. It rained. I mean it rained in buckets. The only thing that made it worthwhile at all was lunch with Sharon.

Beth and Bonnie gave me an even rougher time that night. Finally, I had had enough. I grabbed Bonnie by the legs as she sat on the sofa. I pulled her knees apart, and lowered my mouth to her delicious pussy. God I love the taste of her pussy. She tried to keep up her constant tease, but she didn't last thirty seconds before her words were replaced by moans.

After she had screamed through her fourth orgasm, I turned to Beth. She pretended to fight, but her pussy was so wet from watching Bonnie, it was a token resistance at best. I entered her, and we were both in heaven.

Friday, October 8, 1976

I had just gotten out of home room on Friday morning when I heard, <Mike, have you seen Sharon?>

<No Sweety, not since lunch yesterday.>

<You need to get to room 304 right away, Mike. Someone has beaten her up.>

I started running toward the East stairway. Someone shouted, "No running in the halls!", but I ignored them. I took the stairs two at a time and ran to the second door on my right. I burst into a class, already in session and looked around. I saw her in the first row, center seat, and ran to her.

She looked up at me when she heard me coming. She was a mess. She had one black eye and a split lip. There was a cut above her right eye that was probably made by a blow.

I fell to my knees beside her, completely ignoring her teacher, and asked, "What happened, Honey?"

"I'm okay, Mike. Really I am. Go to class and I'll talk to you at lunch."

"No way, Love. Get your books. We're getting out of here."

She didn't say a word, but tears were running from her eyes as she started getting up.

About that time, her teacher grabbed my shoulder. "You can't come in here disrupting my class, young man. You're coming to the principal's office with me."

"I certainly am," I said, getting to my feet. "We're going to talk to him about how you totally ignored an obvious victim of child abuse sitting in your classroom. Then we're going to talk about how you assaulted me by grabbing my shoulder. When we're finished, I'll have my attorney file a suite against you and this school that will set a new record for damages. I'm ready. Let's go talk."

The man actually crumpled. I'd never seen anyone do that before. He fell into the chair Sharon had just vacated. "I am very sorry, young man. I truly hadn't noticed miss Mayhew's condition. Is there anything I can do?"

"Yes, you can give us a hall pass so we can get to the counselor's office. We'll call the police from there. You might also call Mr. Andrews' office and ask him to meet us there."

I didn't even wait for an answer, but took Sharon's hand and we started out. He caught up with us by the time we reached the door and handed us each a pass.

"Was it your father?" I asked.

Sharon nodded.

<Beth, get hold of Mom and get her here.>

<Already taken care of, Big Bro. Where will you be?>

<Ms. Richards office. Ditch class and meet us there, please.>

<On my way.>

I burst through Ms. Richardson's door without knocking. She looked startled, the she looked at Sharon.

"My God! What happened?"

"Her father used her for a punching bag last night. Could you call the police for us please?"

She was picking up the phone before the words were out of my mouth.

I looked at Sharon again and gave her a hopeful smile. "It's going to be okay, Honey. What set him off?"

"He came home early from his trip. He said the house was a mess and that I was grounded for a month. Mike, I think he'd been drinking. I knew not to argue with him so I just went up to my room. It was around 10:00 PM when I came back down stairs for a glass of milk. He saw me and started yelling at me. He said he'd told me to stay in my room and I had directly disobeyed him. I tried to explain to him he had just grounded me and hadn't told me to stay in my room, and he hit me. I started to cry, and he hit me again. when I fell down he started kicking me. I thought he was going to kill me."

By now Sharon was sobbing uncontrollably. I held her until she calmed down, then she went on. "I don't know how long he kept on kicking me, but finally he stopped. Then he grabbed me by the hair and dragged me to my room."

Beth burst through the door before she could say anything else. By this time I was so angry I was shaking. <He's dead meat, Beth.>

<Okay, Mike. Calm down. We'll talk about it later.>

<I'm going to kill the motherfucker. I'm going to do it with my hands.>

"Mike, don't do it please. I don't want to lose you," Sharon wailed.

<Mike, she heard you!>

It took me a minute to figure out what Beth was talking about, but when I did, I was gobsmacked.

<Sharon, if you can hear me, nod your head but don't say anything.>

Sharon nodded her head.

<Sharon, I love you. I'm not going to have your father using you for a punching bag. We will do something about him if the police don't. I won't kill him, but I'll see that he never hurts you again.>

Sharon smiled and nodded.

<Sweetheart, think something at me. Beth will be able to hear you too.>

<I love you, Mike. Did you hear that?>

<Yes, love.>

<I heard it too. You guys are sick.>

<I heard it too, Sharon. Don't let Beth give you a rough time. She's just jealous, > Bonnie chimed in.

<Where are you, Mom?> I asked.

<Just coming through the front door. I'll be there in a minute.>

"Ms. Richards, did you get hold of the police?" I asked.

"They're on their way, Michael. I also called Dr. Franks and Dr. Nichols, our school physician. They're both on their way as well."

"Thank you. Ms. Richards. Mom is on her way here too. She'll be here any second."

"Why is your mother coming?" She asked as Bonnie came through the door.

"I'm here because I'm Sharon's godmother. Her mother asked me to take care of Sharon if anything ever happened to her. I have a paper at home to prove it if I need it."

<What?>

<What?>

<What?>

<Stay with me kids. Don't act surprised. Follow my lead and agree with me when asked.>

<Are you staying with us, Sharon?> I asked.

<Yeah. We need to talk about this.>

<I know, Sweetheart. I love you.>

<I love you too, Mike.>

<Aaawww, ain't they cute, Mom?>

<Shut up Beth.>

I was holding on to Sharon's hand when two rather large policemen entered the office. It was becoming rather crowded by now, and they were more than a little intimidating.

They asked what the problem was, and Bonnie told them that her goddaughter's father had beaten her. "It's the first time he has beaten her, but he's been abusing her for some time, officer. We need to get something done about him, and we need to get Sharon moved in with us so she'll be safe."

"Ma'am, I'm going to need a statement from the young lady, then we'll call CPS (Child Protective Services). They'll be the ones who decide about living arrangements."

Sharon gave them as detailed an account of what her father had done to her as she could remember. Some things blurred a little in her memory, and she honestly told them so. By the time she'd finished her narrative, Ms. Richards told us that the doctor had arrived.

"Officer, Dr. Nichols is here and he needs to examine Sharon. With your permission, I'm going to take her to the nurse's office for the examination."

"That's fine. Bring her back as soon as possible. In the mean time, we'll talk with some of the rest of you."

"Come on, Sharon," Ms. Richards said. "Dr. Nichols is a very nice man and I'm sure he'll be able to give you something for the pain."

I helped Sharon to her feet, and when she started for the door, I went with her. "You'll have to stay here, Michael," Ms. Richards said.

Before I could open my mouth, Sharon grasped my hand hard enough to cut off circulation. "Ms. Richards, If Mike can't go with me then I'm not going."

"Sharon, you told us that your father kicked you. The doctor is going to have to examine your body, and probably take pictures for evidence. Mike can't be there for that."

"If he isn't then I won't be either," Sharon told her coldly.

Ms. Richards looked frustrated. Finally she said, "Okay, we'll let the doctor sort this out. Come on."

Sharon and I followed her to the nurse's office.

Sharon basically went through the same argument with the doctor and his nurse. It went on for some time and I stayed out of it completely. Finally, the doctor decided Sharon wasn't going to budge so he reluctantly agreed to my presence as long as the nurse was present at all times.

The nurse took us into an examining room and told Sharon she would need to get undressed and get into a paper gown she handed her. I started to turn my back to her when Sharon said, "Mike, would you help me with my blouse, please? I'm really sore."

I started unbuttoning her blouse when Sharon said mentally, <Mike, my love, I am sorry you're going to see my body this way for the first time. I had some very large bruises this morning and I'm sure they're worse now.>

<Sweetheart, your body will be beautiful to me, bruised or not. Besides, I plan to see a lot of it in the future.>

I must have said the right thing because her million watt smile turned on.

I unbuttoned her blouse and helped her slip it off her shoulders. "Undo my bra please."

The nurse looked shocked, but didn't say anything. I looked at Sharon's upper body before I did the bra. She had am impressive array of bruises, some small and others as big as my hand. I unhooked her bra and the two most beautiful breasts I have ever seen spilled out. They had to be a "D" cup and were firm with very little sag.

<Absolutely beautiful!> I told her.

Again I was treated to that wonderful smile. "My shorts and panties please."

I didn't even hesitate to see what the nurse thought. I grasped the waistband of her shorts and pulled them off, along with her panties. I stepped back and looked her over. There were several large bruises on her lower abdomen and on her hips, some of them overlapped.

<You are the most gorgeous creature I have ever seen, Sharon.>

<I don't feel gorgeous, Mike. I just feel bruised.>

"You need to put on the gown, Miss," the nurse told her.

I picked it up and shook it out. I had it figured out in a few seconds and held it so Sharon could slip her arms into the sleeves. I snapped it behind her neck and the nurse told her to lie down on her back.

Sharon grabbed my hand as the nurse called the doctor in. He made Sharon go through the story of how everything had happened again as he started feeling of her head and looking at her face and neck. He used a little light to check her pupils, then a device to look into her ears.

The doctor started to ask me to leave again, but Sharon cut him off short. After he had thoroughly examined the front of her body, the doctor asked Sharon to turn over so he could look at her back. When she was settled I said mentally, <Sharon, you have the most beautiful butt I have ever seen.>

Sharon giggled and the doctor looked at her like she was crazy. When he had finished his exam he said, "Miss Mayhew, you are a very lucky girl. You have a lot of bruising, but you do not have a concussion. You have a couple of ribs that may be cracked, or they could just be badly bruised. We could send you to the hospital for x-rays, but the treatment would be the same either way. From the position of the bruises it doesn't look like any internal organs were damaged. If you or your guardian feel you should, you can go to the hospital for x-rays to give us a better idea about your organs, but unless you start feeling bad, I don't think it will be necessary."

"Thank you doctor. Is there anything you can do for my chest? It hurts pretty bad."

"We'll tape you up before we go. It will help by supporting you. It will also help with the pain. I'll also give you a prescription for some pain medication."

While they were taping her ribs, Sharon sat there with those magnificent boobs pointing right at me. I couldn't help but look, and she noticed the direction of my stare. I could see her glancing down at my crotch, and I knew she could tell I was as hard as a rock.

<You know you're a nasty little girl, don't you?>

<No, I'm a nasty young woman who's as horny as hell because I know you're looking at me.>

<Horny, huh?>

<Yes, horny. Mike, I've never been with a boy. I've never even seen a boy, and you are the first one to ever see me. I've never felt this way before, but right now I wish you could get up on this table with me and make me a woman.>

<So do I, Sweetheart. Right now we need to get you feeling better though.>

When we got back to Ms. Richards' office, the police were just wrapping up. They asked Sharon a couple of more questions, then told Bonnie that CPS would be in touch with us. I told Ms. Richards we were leaving for the day, and we went home.

When we were all seated in the living room with soft drinks Sharon asked, "Okay, so is someone going to tell me why I can hear all of your thoughts?"

<It's a long story, Sweety. Can you still hear me?>

<Yes, > she told me, squeezing my hand. <I don't care how long the story is. Tell me.>

So, we did. We didn't mention our lovemaking, but Sharon is a very intelligent young woman. It didn't seem to bother her that I had changed bodies.

<Mike, I knew something had happened to you. It's the you, as you are now, that I love.>

<Thank you, Sweetheart.>

<So how long have the three of you been having sex?> she asked calmly.

Bonnie laughed and Beth giggled. <You don't let much get passed you, do you?> Bonnie asked.

<Bonnie, I don't, or rather didn't know anything. It's just that if I were as close to anyone as you guys are from the telepathy, I don't see how you could not become lovers.>

<It's been quite a while now, Sweetheart.>

<Well, I know I should be upset, but somehow, I'm not. So where does that leave me?>

<Where would you like it to leave you?> Bonnie asked.

<I'd like for it to leave me as Mike's girlfriend. I'd like for it to leave me as Beth's best friend. I'd like for it to leave me as a member of Bonnie's family.>

<So be it.> said Bonnie. <That's the way it is and there's no reason for it to change.>

<But, Bonnie, I don't see how that can be. I love Mike. I'm going to want him to make love to me.>

<I know you are, Sweety. Mike loves me and makes love to me. Mike loves Beth and makes love to Beth. Beth and I both love Mike. We had to learn to share. It's the only way it would have worked. It's been working for about four months now. We all knew that some time one or all of us would fall in love with someone else as well. We all knew we'd welcome that person into our lives.>

<But, aren't you and Beth jealous of each other?>

<No. Beth and I love each other too. We also make love to each other. We didn't at first, but we all sleep in the same bed. When Mike was making love to Beth, I could see how good it made both of them feel, so I couldn't be jealous. I started enjoying kissing Mike as he was loving Beth. It made his pleasure even better. It wasn't long until I was kissing Beth as well. It made her feel better to. That led us on to other things.>

<Would I be expected to make love to you and Beth too?>

<No, you wouldn't be expected to. You are only expected to do what you want to do.>

<Would I be sleeping in the same bed with all of you?>

<If you wanted to, Honey. We'd all love to have you there.>

<Mike, do you love me as much as you love Bonnie and Beth?>

<Sharon, I love you every bit as much as I love Bonnie and Beth. My love for them grows every day and my love for you does the same. You can love more than one person at a time. I didn't realize that until this summer, but you can. When I reach an age where I can get married, you will be the one I marry.>

Sharon put her arms around me and hugged me fiercely. I put my arms around her and held her gently. I didn't want to hurt her ribs. <I'd love to squeeze the stuffing out of you right now, but I don't want to damage your ribs.>

<So, Sharon, do you want to become a full member of this clan?> Bonnie asked her.

Sharon looked into my eyes and said, <Yes, Bonnie. More than anything else in the world.>

<Okay. We're going to have to make an adjustment to your brain so we're sure the telepathy is permanent. We'll also show you how to heal your ribs and take away the pain from your bruises. I don't think we should heal your bruises right now, because there are probably going to be more people wanting to see them. Does that sound okay to you?>

<Just show me the yellow brick road, Bonnie. I'll follow you down it where ever it leads.>

We went through the procedure with Sharon. Her blood vessel was larger than any of ours had been originally so we didn't have to increase its size as much. When she had healed her ribs and had taken away her pain from the bruises, she breathed a sigh of relief.

<Okay, so here's my plan, > Bonnie said. <We have some things to do today, so Mike and I will be leaving shortly. Beth, Mike and I will drop you and Sharon off at the mall. Mike and I will do what we need to do then I'll pick you up around 3:30 or so. I want you guys to buy Sharon some clothes and personal items since we don't know if she'll be able to get her clothes from her father.>

<We'll be happy to go shopping, won't we, Sharon?>

<Yes, but I don't want to spend your money.>

<It's your money too now. You are now officially a member of the clan with all its rights and privileges.>

<Thank you.>

<Tomorrow morning we are going to go to your house and get your father. We'll take him down to our attorney's office and he will sign papers giving me full guardianship and full custody of you. He'll also sign papers relinquishing any parental rights, such as visitation. I called our lawyer today and he'll have all of the papers ready for us.>

<How do you know he'll sign?>

<Sharon, we could take over his body and force it to sign. I don't think we'll need to do that though. If we put the right thoughts in his mind, like how much cheaper it's going to be and how he'll have a lot more freedom, he'll think it's his idea.>

We were soon on our way to the mall. I told them Bonnie and I had one stop to make in the mall, and they were not to follow us. I took Bonnie to the jeweler where I bought the necklace and asked the jeweler if he could add a gold initial that would hang from the bottom of each heart.

He showed me a couple of samples and I chose some that were about a quarter of an inch high. I told him to put the letters "M_B_B_S" in that order on the hearts. He said he could have it done in an hour so we told him we'd pick it up between 3:30 and 4:00. I went ahead and paid for the additions, so all I would have to do was grab it and go.

Bonnie called the caterer and was assured they'd be at the house by 3:00 and we went by the dealership and picked up the Volkswagen. Bonnie said she was going to run home and start decorating. She took the VW and said she'd park it one street over so Beth wouldn't see it.

I went back to the Mall and stopped in the jewelry store first. I then went looking for the girls.

I found them in The Gap, buying jeans. <You should have been with us a few minutes ago, > Beth told me as she shoved packages into my hand. <We were at Victoria's Secret.>

"God! Why do I miss out on all the good stuff?" I kidded.

"Oh, you didn't miss out completely," Sharon said as she smiled back over her shoulder at me. "If you're a good boy, we'll put on a fashion show for you tonight." Her and Beth were both walking with an exaggerated sway of their hips. I was barely managing to walk at all due to the pole that was stuffed inside my pants.

It was only about 3:15 so I asked the girls if they'd like to stop in the food court and get a coke. Both agreed, but Beth wanted to get a burger or something as well. I told her we were grilling steaks later and talked her out of it. Sharon and I were holding hands under the table and Beth kept looking over at us and smiling.

We sat there about 45 minutes, and I told them it was time to get a move on. The girls walked on either side of me on the way to the car. My hands were too full of packages to hold hands, but both of them held on to my arms.

When we pulled into the driveway, everything was quiet. Sharon said we should try to surprise Bonnie again, so we opened the door with a key and slipped inside. We had just gotten into the family room when Bonnie and four of Beth's friends jumped up and yelled, "Surprise!"

Beth was floored. "I thought with all of the excitement over Sharon you'd forgotten about my birthday," she told Bonnie.

"We would never forget your birthday, Sweety," said Bonnie.

I waited until she was mixing with her friends then slipped out and retrieved the VW. I stuck a large, red bow that had to be at least three feet across on the top of it and left it setting in the driveway.

The caterer had set up a buffet in the dining room, so Bonnie told everyone to help themselves. Sharon and I fixed our plates then went into the living room to eat. We were snuggled up in Dad's old recliner feeding each other when the rest of the group started to filter in.

One of the girls, I found out later her name is Alice said, "Woo, woo. Look at the love birds."

All I could do was smile, but Sharon answered. "You have no idea." She then leaned over and kissed me. I'll swear it took me ten minutes to uncurl my toes.

<I know you were putting on a show, but would you do it again please?>

Sharon took our plates and set them on the table next to the chair. She gave me a big smile then gently touched her lips to mine. She repeated this half a dozen times, then we seemed to melt together. I have no idea how long we held the kiss, but I was finally brought back to reality by the applause from all of the partygoers.

We smiled at each other, then Beth said in a loud voice, "I thought we were going to have to get a bucket of cold water to break them up."

Sharon and I just smiled. She reached over and picked up one of the plates. She started feeding both of us from the same plate with the same fork.

"Oooohhh, that is disgusting," one of the girls said.

"No, that is wonderful," Sharon smiled.

Soon it was time to cut the huge cake the caterers had supplied to Bonnie's specifications. I lit the candles, then everyone sang, "Happy Birthday". Beth blew out her candles and made a wish.

Some of her friends brought presents, and she opened them first. Beth nearly blew a gasket when she opened Sharon's present. "Sharon, you remembered." She gave Sharon a big hug then told everyone she had seen this ankle bracelet over six months ago and had pointed it out to Sharon.

Next, I handed her the present I had bought. Her eyes got big when she opened it, then she held it up. There was a collective gasp from all of the girls. "Do you know what the letters stand for?" I asked her softly.

It finally sank in, and she threw her arms around my neck and kissed me nearly as well as Sharon had. It would have continued and maybe even surpassed Sharon's if one of the girls hadn't yelled, "Eeewww. He's your brother."

Beth broke the kiss and looked around at her. "He's also a sexy hunk of man," she said. She gave me one more quick peck then backed away.

"What do the letters stand for?" Alice asked.

"It's the name of a corporation we're forming," I said.

<Are those all of our initials?> Sharon asked me.

<Got it the first time, Smart Girl. The linked hearts show the bond we have together.>

Tears were leaking from Sharon's eyes as she pulled me close and showed me how much it meant to her to be included.

"There's one more present," Bonnie told her. "For this one I want you to put on this blindfold."

Beth put it on, and we spun her around several times. She was dizzy as Bonnie helped her to the front door, which Sharon was holding open for her.

"You can take off the blindfold now," Bonnie told her.

I know she startled the neighbors, three blocks over, when she saw the green VW with the big red bow. She ran to the car, then back to the door and hugged us. Then it was back to the car, then back to the door then back to the car then around the car. She tried to open the door to get in, but it was locked. She looked back at us and I held up the key.

She ran to me and grabbed the keys. She turned toward the car, then turned to me and kissed me soundly. She ran back to the car and opened the driver's door and got in. She started the car then looked up at us. Bonnie held up one finger then walked over to the car.

"Beth, you only have a learner's permit. I have to be with you when you want to drive."

"I know Mom. Thank you. This is so cool."

"If you'd like, we can take your guests for a short ride, two at a time."

"That'd be great, Mom. Would you ask Alice and Freddy to come with us first?"

"Freddy, Alice, front and center!"

When they got over to her Bonnie asked, "Would the two of you like to take your lives in your hands and go for a short ride with us?"

They both clambered into the back seat, and Bonnie climbed gracefully into the front. They were back within about ten minutes and the other two took their turns.

When everyone was back in the house, Beth asked, "Mom, when can I get my driver's license?"

"How about Monday morning?" Bonnie replied.

Beth was ecstatic. It wasn't long before the four outsiders took off. The rest of us went into the living room. None of us was in the mood for TV, so we just sat and talked.

Bonnie excused herself and said she had to go to the bathroom. She was gone for some time, and when she returned she had her head wrapped in a towel. It was obvious she had just gotten out of the shower, as the rest of her body was nude.

"Hey, we're all family now, right?" she asked.

We all assured her we were. I leaned over and whispered into Sharon's ear. "Would you like to take a shower with me? We could come back dressed the way Bonnie is."

Sharon looked a little startled but then she smiled and nodded. I took her hand and we got up. "We're going to have a shower too. We'll be right back."

Bonnie smiled and Beth giggled. "Don't use up all the hot water, you two. I need to take a shower too."

Sharon looked back over her shoulder and said, "You can join us if you'd like."

I don't know if Sharon expected Beth to take her up on the offer or not, but Beth was on her feet and actually beat us to the bathroom in Bonnie's room. It was the largest with two shower heads. When Sharon and I turned in to Bonnie's bedroom, Beth was down to her panties. She gave us a big shit eating grin, them slipped them off with a bump and a grind.

"That girl has no modesty at all," Sharon laughed.

"Not when she's with family anyway. May I undress you my love?"

"Only if I get to return the favor," Sharon answered."

"You know, you're not showing a lot of modesty yourself," I teased as I slid her panties down over the lovely hips.

"Not when I'm with family," Sharon retorted as she started unbuttoning my shirt.

When we were both naked, I hadn't heard the water start in the bathroom so I called, "Beth, could you come here a minute please? I need your help."

Beth came back into the room, looked at us and did a double take on Sharon's breasts. She looked into my eyes and said, "Wow!"

Sharon blushed and I laughed. "Ain't it just?" I asked.

I put my arm around Sharon and said, "Beth, my love, this thing of beauty standing beside me seems to be half covered by all the tape she has wrapped around her. She doesn't need it any more, so I was wondering if you could help me get it off."

Beth walked around us and playfully told me to move my arm so she could get a good look. "You just want a good look at her boobies," I teased.

"Honey, things that big ain't boobies. Them's tits!"

Sharon was blushing again so I put my arm back around her and kissed her cheek. "Sweetheart, I'm afraid you're just going to have to get used to us. All three of us are terrible teases," I told her.

"I know. It's just that people are always staring at them. Guys never talk to my face, they always talk to my tits. In the shower at school, most of the girls stare because they hate me because of them and the rest stare because they want to jump my bones because of them."

"Sharon, you know I love the way you look, but that isn't what attracted me to you in the first place. You have a lovely mind and an interesting personality. That is what I fell in love with."

"Yeah, and it's her mind that's giving you that monstrous boner sticking out there," Beth teased.

Sharon looked down and both girls started giggling.

When they had calmed down enough, Beth said, "Seriously I have no idea where to start on the bandages. Why don't we see if Mom has any ideas?"

"Sure, bring Bonnie up to have a look at me too. In fact, I think there're some kids in the fifth grade who haven't been in to evaluate the situation, so you should invite them in too. I think I saw a bum down on Jefferson Street a while ago. You might want to look him up."

This set us all off, and it was a while before I could call to Bonnie. <Bonnie, we need your advice on how to get this tape off of Sharon. Could you come up and take a look?>

<I'll be right there.>

When Bonnie came in, her reaction was much the same as Beth's. She took one look and said, "Wow!"

Sharon rolled her eyes so I told her, "Like mother, like daughter."

This brought on another round of giggles.

Bonnie had a pair of bandage scissors in her hand, and she quickly and efficiently removed the tape. "Before you guys get in the shower, there's some alcohol in the medicine cabinet. Get a wash cloth and soak it in the alcohol, and get all of that tape residue off her skin. We'll rub some lotion into it later."

"Okay, and thanks, Bonnie. Beth and I were at a loss as to where to start."

"You and Beth were too busy staring at her lovely body to think," Bonnie teased.

"You're probably right," I admitted.

"That's quite an array of bruises you have there, Sharon. If everything goes well in the morning, and your father signs all of the papers, we'll get rid of them for you tomorrow afternoon."

"Thanks Bonnie. I'd like that."

Beth, Sharon and I went into the bathroom. Beth got the alcohol while I found us a couple of washcloths. We soaked the washcloths in alcohol and I handed one to Beth.

"I'll do her front, and you do her back," Beth said.

"No way little sis. I'll do her front, and you do her back."

"She's my sister. I'll do her front, and you do her back."

"She's my girlfriend. I'll do her front, and you do her back."

"She's my sister-wife. I'll do her front, and you do her back."

"She's my girlfriend-wife. I'll do her front, and you do her back."

"If you two don't shut up, I'll do my own front," Sharon broke in. "Since Mike is my boyfriend-husband and he hasn't even gotten to touch my tits as yet, he gets to do my front."

"That is so unfair," Beth said as Sharon giggled. "Oh. well, there are some interesting handholds in the back too. I just know I'm going to have to hold on so I do a good job."

We were all laughing until the tears were running out of our eyes. "Just shut up and get it done," Sharon finally managed to say. "If either one of you get any alcohol where it shouldn't be, I'm going to kick ass and take names."

Of course this set us off again.

When I had all of the tape residue off her front, I put down the cloth and looked Sharon directly in the eyes. I had avoided her breasts as I cleaned her, so now I put both of my hands on her hips and gently moved them up her body. She was smiling as I reached her breasts. I cupped them gently and weighed them in my hands. I was truly awed. These were the most lovely breasts I had seen in two lifetimes.

I started gently rolling her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers. Sharon started to moan, which really got Beth's attention.

"Hey, you two, we need to get in the shower. Knock it off."

"Your sister's playing with my ass, you know," Sharon told me.

"She's a pervert," I said with a grin. "She always did have good taste though. Come to think of it, she tastes pretty good too."

We all laughed, then got into the shower. Have you ever taken a shower with two teenage girls? It's something I would highly recommend. It was one of the best experiences of either lifetime. I was probably the cleanest I had ever been in either lifetime as well.

The three of us walked back into the livingroom together. Bonnie looked up at us from the book she was reading and smiled. "Did you get all of the tape residue off?" she asked.

We all started laughing, then Sharon said, "Bonnie, those two started arguing over who got to do my front side and I thought I was going to have to do it myself."

Bonnie got a kick out of that. "Guys," she said. "I've got four or five pages left in this chapter. I'd like to finish it, then why don't we make some hot chocolate and some popcorn. There are a few things we need to talk about and now might be a good time to do that."

"Sounds good, Bonnie," I told her. Beth, Sharon and I snuggled in together on the couch.

Bonnie looked back down at her book and almost immediately turned the page. Probably ten seconds later she turned the page again. Then did so again. She marked her page and closed the book.

"Decide not to read it now?" I asked.

"No, I read it."

"Do you realize how fast you read it?"

"I wasn't really paying any attention."

"Bonnie, I think you're reading faster than I am."

"Impossible. The last time we checked you, you were reading at over four thousand words a minute."

"Bonnie, you just read five pages in that book in just over twenty seconds. Count the number of words you read during that time and multiply it by three."

Bonnie picked up her book and counted the number of words on one page. She multiplied that by five for the number of pages, then by three to make a full minute. She sat there with her mouth hanging open.

"Uhh... A little over six thousand words a minute. What's happening to us Mike?"

"Bonnie, my love, I think it's that increased blood flow to that part of the brain. It's nothing to be frightened of. I'm kind of enjoying the additional IQ points and I'm certainly happy to be able to read faster."

"Beth, have you been noticing any changes?" Bonnie asked.

"Mom, I've been so excited over everything that's going on, I wouldn't have noticed if I had grown a tail and a silver colored mane."

"I'd have noticed," I said.

"Of course you would, you pervert."

We all got a good laugh then I said, "Bonnie, would you call our broker Monday morning and ask him to start slowly buying silver? Beth's silver mane just reminded me of something. In 1979, the Hunt brothers are going to try to corner the silver market. In just a few months time the price of silver is going to go from around $3.00 an ounce to somewhere around $53.00 or $54.00 an ounce. Some people are going to make a lot of money and some people are going to lose everything they have. I'd like to have several million dollars worth of silver on January 1, 1979. I'd say to tell him to buy a little at a time so as not to drive the cost up and to not pay more than $5.00 an ounce."

"My God! Do you realize how much we could make on that? If we had a million dollars worth at $3.00 and sold it for say $50.00, that would be over fifteen point six million, or a profit of fourteen point six million."

"Exactly, my sweet mother-lover-wife-partner. If we had three million invested, we'd clear forty-seven million. One thing is for sure, though, we want to be rid of all of the silver by January 1, 1980. Silver prices start to go down right after that."

"God, taxes would kill us."

Sharon was sitting there in shock, Finally, she said, "You guys talk about buying millions of dollars of silver like I talk about buying a new shirt. I'm at a total loss."

"I'll talk to you about our investments any time you're ready to tackle them," Bonnie told her. "It's really not that complicated. We've made a lot of money over the last few months, mostly from Mike's memories from his previous life. There's really no limit as to how much we can make over the next twenty-five years."

"Bonnie, I've been thinking. Taxes on corporate income are much less than personal income taxes. Why don't we set up a corporation to handle everything. We could pull out what we need and pay income taxes on that, but for the most part, we'd leave it in the corporation and pay long term capital gains."

"Great minds think alike, Mike. I've been thinking along those lines for a week or two. Actually everything we own could be owned by the corporation. That way we're protected and we don't have to declare anything as personal property or personal income, other than the money we spend on things like food, clothing and entertainment."

"I have a great name for the corporation," Beth chimed in. "MBBS Enterprises."

"That works for me," I said. "That's what I told one of the girls this afternoon the initials on your necklace were for."

"There is one problem here, guys," Sharon said. "You guys have money to put into this corporation. I'm broke. I don't have a dime."

"Yes you do," Bonnie smiled. "When you became a member of this family, one fourth of everything we have became yours. No arguments. That's the way it works. If we ever add anyone else to the family, or if any of us had kids, they will become equal partners too. We will all do what we can for the group to pay for our share."

"Yeah, considering house and cars and everything else, you're worth about a half a million right now," Beth told her.

"You... you... you'd... g-give me h-half a m-million dollars?"

"No, Honey, it's family money. If there's something you really want to do, talk it over with the rest of us. Unless we violently disagree, then you can do it. If it costs $5.00, or two million, it's still family money."

"You're serious aren't you?"

"Absolutely!"

"Absolutely!"

"Absolutely!"

Beth, Sharon, and I were snuggled up on the couch. One on each side of me. We'd been there a while, saying nothing, when Bonnie got up and came over. Bonnie lowered herself on my lap, and now I was fully encased in female flesh.

Bonnie kissed me lightly and said she was going to bed. I nodded and said I thought we all should so we could be at Sharon's old house before her father got away the next morning.

"What time does your father get up on Saturdays?" Bonnie asked Sharon.

"It depends on if he's been drinking or not. Around 9:00 AM if he's sober. Probably around noon if he's not."

"Okay, we want to catch him off balance, so we're going to be there at 8:00 AM. Do you kids think you can handle that? It'll mean getting up by seven."

We all assured we could. We got up and headed upstairs. Bonnie asked where we were all sleeping. I looked over at Sharon and I could see she was a little apprehensive.

"Bonnie, I think we'll all sleep with you if you don't mind. I'd just like to snuggle with my three beautiful women tonight if no one has any objections."

Sharon squeezed my hand and smiled. We all got into Bonnie's bed and spooned together. I put both arms around Sharon from behind, and held a breast in each hand. Bonnie was snuggled to my back, and Beth was spooned to hers. We all fell asleep fairly quickly.
Chapter 7 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 6 |   Bottom
Chapter 7
Posted: November 15, 2003 - 11:21:43 am

Saturday, October 9, 1976

God! What a way to wake up!

I was still spooned to Sharon's back. One of my hands was still cupping one of her breasts, but the other had fallen off during the night. Sharon must have been awake for a while. She was slowly grinding her butt against my morning erection. She must have felt me wake up as she turned her head slightly and whispered, "Good morning."

<Good morning to you too, love of my life, > I answered mentally.

<Did you sleep well?>

<Sweety, I don't think I even moved the whole night.>

<I didn't either. This is a great way to wake up.>

<I wouldn't mind waking up this way for the rest of my life, > I told her.

Sharon rolled over so she was facing me, then gave me one of the toe curling kisses. <Thank you for not rushing me last night.>

<Sharon, I know you are a virgin, and I know last night was the first you were naked with other people. Whenever you're ready for a sexual relationship, I figure you'll let me know, >

<Oh God, Mike. I'm ready now. I've always had these romantic ideas of how it would be the first time. I've never made love, or even seen anyone make love, so I don't know where I got my ideas. I've never even seen a porno movie. I guess I've been a little sheltered.>

<Is it going to bother you that I make love to Bonnie and Beth?>

<I don't think so. I know you can never marry them, and I know they're willing to share, so... no, that's not going to bother me.>

<Is it going to bother you that they make love to each other?>

<No, definitely not. I've never had a sexual experience with another girl either. No, I take that back. Missy Stewart and I did feel each other up once just to see what it would feel like. It was interesting but neither of us knew what we were doing. I hadn't even started masturbating yet.>

<Believe me Beth and Bonnie know what they're doing.>

<Do you think they'd let me watch them sometime?>

<Sweety, we all sleep in the same bed every night. No one got it on last night because they didn't want to upset you. I've seen Beth and Bonnie getting it on many times. Believe me, it doesn't bother them at all to have an audience.>

<So Bonnie has seen you and Beth and Beth has seen you and Bonnie?>

<Watched us or got involved.>

<Kinky. So, since you knew I was nervous, why didn't you jump Bonnie or Beth last night.>

<Because, My Love, I didn't know how you'd react to something like that. I love you Sharon and I don't want to scare you off.>

Sharon took my hand and pulled it down to her pussy. She took two of my fingers and rubbed them up and down her slit. She was literally flooding. <Does that feel like I'm scared?>

<That feels like you're horny.>

<I knew you were smart. What would Bonnie and Beth think if they woke up and we were going at it?>

<Bonnie would be pleased and Beth would be wishing it was her.>

<Well, if you will just quietly roll on your back, I'd like to see if that thing that's been poking my ass all morning will fit inside me.>

Who was I to argue. I rolled onto my back, gently moving away from Bonnie as far as I could. I saw Bonnie's eyes flutter as Sharon moved to mount me.

Sharon moved her very wet slit back and forth along my cock for a while, then raised up and tried to get me inside. The head of my cock slid forward and bumped against her clit. She gasped then raised up to try again.

I felt Bonnie's hand grasp the base of my cock and bring it straight up. When Sharon saw Bonnie's hand her mouth fell open, then she smiled and nodded at Bonnie. Bonnie gave her a big smile in return. Sharon started lowering herself and this time the head of my cock popped inside.

She stopped for a few seconds while she adjusted, then started lowering herself again. <Take your time, Sherry, > Bonnie told her. <Give yourself plenty of time to adjust. Whenever you need to stop, then stop.>

Sharon nodded and said, <Thank you.>

She had about another inch in her when I felt myself bumping up against her hymen. She stopped and held there. <Bonnie, he's against my cherry. What do I do now?>

<Sherry, there are a couple of different ways to do it. One is to keep moving up and down, bumping it a little harder each time until you finally wear it out. The other is to raise up and then drop down an inch or two very quickly. I think I like the second way better because you only feel the pain once.>

Sharon didn't say anything. She raised herself about an inch, then dropped. She let out a gasp as I tore through her maiden barrier, but kept going another couple of inches before she stopped. She was breathing hard as she looked at Bonnie and I and smiled. <That wasn't so bad. More like a pinch than anything.>

I was stroking her butt with my right hand and I put my left arm around Bonnie. She snuggled her head on my chest, then started stroking Sharon's thigh.

Before long, Sharon started moving again. Soon I was completely impaled. She rocked back and forth, rubbing her clit through my pubic hair. <If it's not too sore, start moving up and down, Sweety. Try to bump your clit against his pubic bone every time you come down, > Bonnie coached.

Sharon raised about an inch then slowly lowered herself again. When she hit bottom she moved forward, then raised herself again. <That's it, Sweety. It took me thirty years to learn to do that. I don't know if you'll cum your first time, but when you start to cum from intercourse you'll find that way gives you the best ones.>

<I don't think it's going to be a problem for me to cum, Bonnie. I think about two more strokes will do it, > Sharon said as she lowered herself again.

Sharon started moving faster on each stroke. In just a few strokes she was moaning, then a few more and she was making a high pitched keening sound. Four or five strokes after that and she screamed, then collapsed on top of me.

Sharon's head ended up just a few inches from Bonnie's. Bonnie watched her until her eyelids started to flutter, then leaned forward and kissed Sharon softly on the lips. Sharon opened her eyes to see who was kissing her, then returned the kiss with passion.

Their lips were still locked together when Bonnie said, <God! This girl can kiss!>

Sharon started to giggle, which broke them apart. Have you ever had a woman giggle when you're buried balls deep in her pussy? It does marvelous things to your cock. I started to groan, and this caused Sharon to giggle even harder. I thought I was going to shoot off when Sharon must have realized how close I was.

<Bonnie, I'm not on any type of birth control. Would you like to finish him off?>

<I would, > Beth let us know.

<No, Sweet Daughter of mine. I've been coaching, so it's my turn.>

Bonnie got up on her knees and she and Sharon exchanged another soul kiss before they changed places. Sharon held my cock up and Bonnie smiled at her before lowering herself on me.

Beth moved over on the other side of me and took one of Bonnie's nipples in her mouth as Bonnie began her cowgirl ride. Sharon gave me a big kiss then smiled and latched on to Bonnie's other nipple.

It was a good thing Bonnie was getting a lot of stimulation because I knew I wouldn't last long. It was less than a minute before Bonnie started telling the world of her orgasm. I was soon loudly agreeing with her.

We pulled into the Mayhew driveway at about ten after eight. Sharon opened the door with her key and we quietly went into the house.

<Which way to his bedroom, > I asked.

Sharon moved out and we followed. She came to a closed door and waited.

I moved up beside her and quietly opened the door. He was sprawled on his back, snoring. The blanket covered him from the waist down, but he was naked above the waist.

We all went into the room, and I mentally told him to stay asleep. Bonnie went over to a closet and pulled out four silk ties. She brought them over to the bed and told us to each tie one to a wrist or a leg. We did so, then tied the other end to the four posts of the bed.

When we pulled the blanket off him to get to his ankles we found he was totally nude. <Does it bother you to see your father nude?> I asked Sharon.

<No, he's rather pitiful compared to you, isn't he?>

Beth giggled. <Mike's cock is a family treasure. We wouldn't want it to get out how big he is.>

The three women laughed loud enough I was happy I'd told Mayhew to stay asleep. I just blushed.

I gave Mayhew a command to wake up and as he started to do so, I backhanded him across the face as hard as I could.

He was confused and disoriented. "You are going to be very lucky if you get out of this alive cocksucker," I told him. "No one beats up on my girlfriend and lives."

"Who... who are you?"

"I'm your worst nightmare, cocksucker. I'm the one who's going to cut your puny cock off and feed it to you if you ever come close to Sharon again."

"But, she's my daughter. I have to be close to her."

"Not any more, she's not you low life son of a bitch. She won't be living with you any longer."

"You can't get away with this. I'll sue you for everything you and your parents have, kid."

I slapped him again. While I was talking, Bonnie was feeding thoughts and ideas into his head. "Sue me motherfucker? If you don't change you attitude right now you won't be alive to sue anyone."

Just for fun, I slapped him one more time. Sharon leaned over and spat in his face. I think it was the first time he realized anyone else was in the room.

"When you agree with us that you are a piss poor father and agree for someone else to take over your responsibilities, we'll talk about letting you go. If you keep on playing macho man, I'll kill your sorry ass and Sharon will still be rid of you. It's your decision."

"You wouldn't let him kill me, would you baby?"

"I'll hold your head up so he can slit your throat you sorry bastard."

"Baby, I didn't mean to hurt you. I was drunk and lost control. I'm sorry baby."

"You're sorry alright. You've been cruel to me since Mom died. I never want to see you again. If you won't sign over custody of me to Bonnie, I'll be happy to help Mike kill you."

"Mr. Mayhew, I'm Bonnie. I've agreed to take over the care of your daughter at no cost to you. Think of the money you'll save by not having to feed and clothe her. You'll also be free of her school expenses, and you'll have a lot more personal freedom. You won't have to worry about being home to take care of her, and if you want to bring a friend home, there will be no one you have to worry about."

"But Mom," Beth said, "You said I could cut his cock off. Please!"

"No, baby. If he gives up all his rights to Sharon, we'll let him go. It'll be a hassle if we kill him."

"Cutting his cock off wouldn't kill him, Mom. Besides we could put his body where we put the other guy."

"Yeah, baby, but if you cut his cock off, we'll HAVE to kill him. He's seen our faces."

"Awh, gee. You never let me have any fun."

"So, Mr. Mayhew, do you go with us to my attorney and sign the papers to give me custody, or do I let my daughter cut your cock off and my son kill you afterwards?"

"I'll sign the papers, and good riddance. I never did like the little snot anyway."

"Okay, we're going to let you loose to get dressed. My attorney is waiting."

As Mayhew was getting dressed, Sharon said, "Bonnie, I really wish you'd have let Beth cut his cock off. It's a tiny little thing, but I'd have liked to put in a jar of formaldehyde and kept it as a souvenir."

Beth giggled, "You could have used a baby food jar, Sharon."

We had no problems at the attorney's office. The attorney asked Mayhew if he was signing the documents of his own free will. Mayhew looked at me, then at Beth and said that he was. Everything was signed within five minutes. Mayhew didn't even bother to read anything.

We went back to the Mayhew residence and Bonnie, Beth, Sharon and I loaded all of her things into the back of the Suburban. It took less than an hour. As we were getting ready to leave, Bonnie handed Mayhew his copy of all of the documents. "Read them carefully," she said. "You will see that you have no visitation rights and that you are to come no closer than 100 feet from her at any time. We can and we will have you arrested if you disobey these papers. That is unless my children get to you first."

Mayhew didn't say a word as we left.

When we got home and got Sharon's things put away, we sat down and talked about how things had gone. We all got a laugh out of how scared Mayhew had gotten.

<Beth, where did you come up with wanting to cut his cock off?> Bonnie asked.

<Well, Mom, Mike had said he was going to cut his cock off and feed it to him. I just thought since you were playing good cop you might be able to use another bad cop.>

<Sharon's the one I got a kick out of, > I said. <Wanting to save his cock in a bottle.>

<I guess we could have frozen it on a stick, > Sharon said. <Then we could have had a cocksickle.>

<Your sense of humor is as sick as Mike's, > Bonnie laughed.

We finally calmed down and I asked if Beth and Sharon would take a reading test for us.

<Why?> asked Beth.

<My reading speed and Bonnie's reading speed have both increased greatly since the change we made in our brains. I'd just like to see if the two of you have changed as well.>

<I'd be willing, > Sharon answered.

<Yeah, I'll do it too.>

When they had finished the tests, both girls were shocked. Beth was now reading at a rate equal to me, and Sharon wasn't far behind.

<I wonder if your IQs have changed as well?>

<I have a pretty high IQ, > Sharon told us. <Dad said the school told him it was around 140.>

<Mine was in the 130s before, but it went up quite a bit after the change.>

<How high did it go?>

<Last time I was tested it was 183.>

<Oh God! That's far into the genius range.>

<I suspect yours has gone up too, Sweety. Maybe we should get Ms. Richards to set up testing for them, Bonnie.>

<You're not using that high IQ of yours right now, Mike. How would it look if three kids all living in the same house suddenly had big increases in their IQ? It might be reasonable for Beth since you're brother and sister, but not for Sharon.>

<She's right, Mike, > Sharon said. <There has to be a way though. You're going to be gone at the end of this semester and if Beth starts testing out of classes I'm going to be spending my last two years of school by myself.>

<Okay. Try this on for size. We get Beth tested through the school, and if her IQ is what I think it is now, we have her start testing out of classes so she can graduate at the end of the year. Sharon can be home schooled by you, Bonnie. At the end of the year, she can take the tests the state requires for a home schooled student to graduate. We can have her IQ tests done independently.>

<Now that makes sense, > Bonnie said. <Besides, that way you can help Sharon prepare for the state tests.>

Monday, October 11, 1976

Monday morning saw Beth, Sharon, and I back in school. I was scheduled for another test during first period so I was in the testing room when Beth went in to see Ms. Richards.

Beth went into her office and said, "Good morning, Ms. Richards. Could I talk with you for a moment?"

"Good morning Elizabeth. I'm not busy right now, so what can I help you with?"

"Please call me Beth. Since Mike started testing out of classes I realized just how bored I am with mine. Mike has a very high IQ, but I beat him all of the time on games and game shows on TV. I was wondering if You could have an IQ test set up for me, and if I do well, if I could test out of some of my classes too?"

"Well, I was kind of expecting this, Beth. I've had two of your teachers tell me that in the last couple of weeks you've gone from being a low 'A' or high 'B' student to something off the scale. Is there something in the water supply at your house or something?"

"No, Ms. Richards. Mom told us that when she reached puberty all of a sudden things seemed to click. She said she went from being a 'B' student to an 'A' student overnight. She said that after about six months of that, she became bored, and just barely managed to graduate, her grades had fallen so badly."

"I've seen it happen before where a very bright student becomes bored and their grades go through the floor. Usually that turns around when and if they get into college. Does your mother know what her IQ is?"

"No. She said they didn't test for it that often where she went to school. That's one of the reasons she wants me to be tested."

"Well, the IQ test won't be a problem. I'll call Dr. Franks this morning and get something set up. Drop by this afternoon and I'll let you know when it will be."

"Thank you, Ms. Richards. I'll stop by right after lunch."

While Beth was talking with Ms. Richards, Bonnie was meeting with our attorney. She asked him to set up a corporation for us under the name MBBS Enterprises. He told her he'd get the paperwork started and that it shouldn't take but a few days to have it ready.

When the attorney asked who the officers of the corporation would be, she gave him all of our names.

"These are minors aren't they, Bonnie?"

"Physically, yes. Mentally, far from it," she told him.

"Unfortunately, physical age is all that counts under the law. They are not allowed to sign contracts, so they cannot be officers of the company."

"Is there any way to have them declared legal adults?"

"There is a manumission law in California, but it is usually applied when a minor is in a bad home situation and needs to get out. There are some strict rules that apply, and I don't think you really want to get into that. We can set the corporation up so you are the only officer. It would mean you would have to sign any paperwork yourself, but you could have anyone do the actual work that you want. Even minors."

"I guess that's the way to go then. I wish Mike were here. I depend on his insight a lot."

"How old is Mike?"

"He'll be seventeen in a couple of months. He has an IQ of 183 and more wisdom than a fifty year old."

"You must be proud of him. You can make him an officer of the company when he turns eighteen. Until then I'm afraid you're stuck."

The trig test proved to be just as easy as I thought it would be. I figured on scheduling my Biology test for the following Monday, which would mean I only had to be in class on Tuesdays and Thursdays for the next two weeks, then I'd only be coming in to take tests for the remainder of the semester.

Beth took off with Bonnie at lunch to go take her driver's test. She said she'd be back for track practice. I was waiting for Sharon when she came into the cafeteria. I took her hand and we went through the lunch line. We found a small table over in one corner and sat side by side.

We had only been there a couple of minutes when a strange looking boy, dressed all in black slipped into the seat across from us. It was Josh Anderson, the guy who had effectively killed Mike Green.

"Hi Mike," he said. "How's it hanging? Who's the babe?"

"Hello Josh. The 'babe' is my girlfriend. Either show her some respect, or leave."

"Hey, I didn't mean nothing man. Just wanted to see how you were doing."

"I'm doing fine."

"Yeah, Jimmie and Bill and I were wondering why you were avoiding us. Your mama got you on a short leash?"

"No one has me on a short leash, Josh. I'm avoiding you because the three of you damned near got me killed. I intend to continue avoiding you, so why don't you just go back to your brain dead friends and leave us alone?"

You could see his nostrils flare and his eyes squint with anger. "Listen here motherfucker. What happened with you was an accident. You were in on it as much as any of us. Don't try to go blaming us for what happened."

"Yeah, I know I was brain dead at the time myself. Only trouble is, I woke up and figured out just how fucking stupid I'd been. From what I hear, you guys are just as fucking stupid as ever."

"Don't call me fucking stupid, asshole. Next time I just might make sure you never wake up!"

I could see the anger building in Sharon as this conversation was going on. Finally, she couldn't keep quiet any longer. "Listen, moron. You just threatened Mike in front of a witness. You are even dumber than I thought. Why don't you bring your other dumb assed friends over and have them threaten him too. That way we can fry all of your asses at once."

"Shut up bitch or you might get some of the same!"

I reached over and grabbed him by the hair before he even knew what was happening. I pulled his head down so his face was buried in his plate of spaghetti. "I'm sorry, Sweety, but no one calls you a bitch and no one threatens you."

"It's okay, Mike. He deserves to breathe some spaghetti. Don't you think you should let him up soon though?"

Josh was grabbing at my hands and trying to kick me under the table through all of this. "Yeah, I guess so, it just seems a shame to let him up though." I released my grip on his hair and Josh's head popped up. He inhaled some sauce as he gasped for breath and started coughing.

When he finally got his breath back he hissed, "I'm gonna kill you for that, motherfucker."

Before I could do or say anything else, he was on his feet and moving back from the table. He grabbed a napkin from a girl at the next table and was wiping his face as he practically ran from the cafeteria.

"He scares me, Mike. I'm afraid he'll really try to hurt you."

"I know Love. I don't think he can though. He is dangerous, so keep an eye out for him."

"Let's get out of here, Mike. I don't think I can eat any more."

I had to agree. The confrontation had upset me as well. We slipped out the east door of the building, the one all the smokers used. When we were in a fairly secluded spot, I put my arms around Sharon and held her close. She was shivering, so I held her until it stopped.

"What did you mean when you said he couldn't hurt you, Mike?"

<The only way he could is if he did it from a distance, like with a rifle. Even then, if he didn't hit me in the head, I think I'd have time to repair any damage he did before it could be fatal.>

<What if he slipped up behind you with a knife?>

<I'd know he was coming and I'd freeze him while I took the knife away.>

<You could do that?>

<You could too. When we get home tonight, Beth or I one will show you how. Beth is actually better at that kind of thing than I am.>

<Okay. I do want to know. Maybe I can be of help if there's trouble.>

I walked Sharon to her next class before going to study hall.

Track practice was grueling. The coach reminded us we had a meet scheduled for Saturday with Hillsdale and that he expected us to work our asses off for the next three days. He said he'd go a little easier on us on Thursday, and that Friday would just be a team meeting.

Sharon was waiting for Beth and I when we came out after practice. I hadn't had a chance to ask Beth how she'd done on her driving test, and neither had Sharon.

"Did you pass your driving test, Sweety?" I asked.

As tired as she was, Beth grinned from ear to ear and started jumping up and down. "I did, I did, I did," she yelled.

"Good for you, Sis. When we get home, you get a big kiss for that."

"Yeah, it's too bad you can't do this right now," Sharon teased as she grabbed me and gave me a toe curling kiss.

"You bitch," Beth giggled. "I'll get you for that."

"Girls, girls. I'm gonna tell mommy on you for fighting."

"Oh, you're gonna get it for that," Sharon laughed. "Or maybe I should say you're gonna not get it. Maybe we should cut him off, Beth."

"It wouldn't do any good. That horny slut of a mother of ours would do him anyway."

We were all giggling our asses off as we fell into the Suburban. It's a good thing no one was around to hear our teasing.

Sharon and I told Bonnie and Beth about our encounter with Josh. Bonnie was a little concerned. "Do you think he'll try anything?" she asked.

"I don't think so, Bonnie, but we'll be ready for him if he does."

"I guess I'm becoming a violent person," Beth said. "I'm ready to castrate the bastard for what he did to you the first time. If he comes after you again, I have no idea what I'll do."

"What I hope you'll do is act responsibly," Bonnie told her. "If force is required, mental or physical, use the least amount required to defuse the situation. We can't just go around killing people."

"Amen." I said.

"I don't know if I can do that Bonnie," Sharon said. "If he comes after Mike, I'm afraid I'll lose it."

"I know baby, but with power comes responsibility. We have to be able to control ourselves if we expect others to control themselves."

"I know Bonnie. It's just that... well... I don't know..."

"I do, Sharon. Believe me I do. If a loved one is attacked, us women tend to attack back and think about it later. It's just that with the power you have now, you can kill someone by just telling their heart to stop. We're like adults among two year olds. Yes, we're the same species, but we can kill others without even trying."

"Why don't we just share it with everyone then?"

I'd been waiting for someone to ask that question, so I spoke up. "There are several reasons, Sweetheart. First, if the government had any idea what we can do, we'd be locked away in a lab somewhere while they figured out how to use us against the rest of the world. Secondly, being able to do what we can do doesn't make you a better person. Think how easy it'd be for a mugger with our abilities. He could stop someone in their tracks and rob them at his leisure. If he wanted, he could stop them permanently. Thirdly, if everyone had a longer life, our already overpopulated planet would run out of resources much quicker. I'm sure you're aware that your sex drive doesn't lessen because of how you are."

All three women looked thoughtful for several minutes. Beth was the one to break the silence. "It's actually made me hornier."

I laughed and said. "Beth, my love, Mud makes you hornier. Rain makes you hornier. Silence makes you hornier. Noise makes you hornier. Quicksand makes you hornier."

Before I could get the last sentence out she was hitting me with a throw pillow. "Dust makes you hornier. Lint makes you hornier." Now, Bonnie had joined in hitting me with another pillow. "Toilets make you hornier. Busses make you hornier." Sharon joined the fray. "Algebra makes you..."

"I'm sorry girls, but I have to do something to shut him up," Beth said as she stuffed her right breast into my mouth.

I clamped down on her nipple with my lips and began sucking and nibbling contentedly. Beth gave a big sigh and settled down on my lap. "This definitely makes me hornier," She said with a contented smile.

Later, actually much later, Bonnie filled us in on the corporation. The attorney said all of the paperwork would be done within two weeks.

"I was afraid that would be the case about who would be able to sign for everything. It's only for a year and one month though, Bonnie, then I can take over some of the burden."

"It's not been a burden so far, Mike. I sign a couple of checks a week and send out a couple of letters. You tell me what to tell the broker to buy and sell now, so that isn't a problem. If you want to feel like I'm overworked though and take special care of me, I'll go along with that."

"I told you she was a slut," Beth said.
Chapter 8 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 7 |   Bottom
Chapter 8
Posted: November 17, 2003 - 01:47:24 pm

Tuesday, October 12, 1976

I am going to enjoy this. I now have only one class on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. After next Monday I won't have any. Even now it is enjoyable. It gives me more time to mentally harass Beth and Sharon. Finally they told me to cool it as I was going to get them in trouble with their teachers.

When Sharon came into the lunchroom, she surprised me by throwing her arms around my neck and giving me a three alarm kiss. She let me go and when I finally got my breath back I asked, "What was that all about?"

"That was for making life fun. When you were talking to me, you had me so distracted, my teacher asked me if I was feeling okay. I told him I had never felt better, then he said if that was the case maybe I should try to get the flu or something so I'd pay attention."

I laughed and gave her a hug before we started through the line. "In three more weeks, I won't be having to come in to school. Beth will be here for a while, but I think we need to talk to Bonnie about getting the home schooling started."

"I'd like that, but that would leave Beth here all by herself. Let's talk to Beth and Bonnie and see how they feel about it."

"Anything you say, my love. This stuff looks like crap, but I'm hungry enough to eat a bear. Hide and all. Maybe I can even get this down."

We found our table and sat side by side. I hadn't more than picked up my fork when Josh walked by. He stopped, pointed his finger at me, then crooked his finger as if he were pulling a trigger. Then he laughed and walked away.

Sharon saw Josh's act and I could feel her hand trembling where it lay on my thigh. "Don't worry about him, Honey. He's trying to scare us, but he has no idea what he's getting into."

I put my arm around her waist and pulled her a little closer. <We told you what we did to the three guys who kidnaped Beth, didn't we?>

<Yes, Mike, and it didn't bother me a bit. It's like Bonnie was saying last night, though. I love you and want to protect you.>

<I know that love, but I think you'd better be protecting Josh in this case.>

Sharon giggled and turned her pretty face to me. <Are you going to turn him into a pretzel, Sweety?>

<No, but if he keeps it up, he may drive his car into a telephone pole going ninety miles an hour.>

Sharon shivered then said, <I hope we don't have to do that, Mike, but if we do, I'll help in any way I can.>

<I hope we don't have to do that either, Sweetheart, but I'm not going to let a Flatliner ruin the life I have planned for us.>

"So, Ms. Richards, what can you tell me about this Michael Green? Specifically, what can you tell me about his dramatic increase in IQ?" the man asked after he had introduced himself as Dr. Cunningham, a colleague of Dr. Franks.

"I really can't give out that type of information, Dr. Cunningham," Ms. Richards told him.

"I have Mr. Andrews permission to talk with you Ms. Richards. He assured me you would supply me with the information I need."

"I'm sorry doctor, but that would be a breach of confidentiality and an invasion of privacy. If you will get a signed document from Mrs. Green giving her permission to release the information, I will talk with our school lawyer and see if we can release it."

"I'm afraid that won't be good enough, Ms. Richards. I need the information now."

"Again, doctor, I'm sorry, but that just isn't going to happen."

"I will bring Mr. Andrews down here. He will order you to give me the information."

"And I will tell him the same thing I told you."

Dr. Cunningham kept his cool, but Ms. Richards could see the anger in his eyes as he left her office.

After he was gone, Ms. Richards removed the files for both of the Green children from the filing cabinet. She took them into the storage cabinet in the testing room and put them in the bottom of a box of new file folders.

Since I had tested out of Chemistry, I was free for the rest of the day. I decided to go home until track practice, so I could hang out with Bonnie for a while. I found her on the patio getting a full body tan.

<You have to be the sexiest looking woman I've ever seen, > I told Bonnie just before I gave her a tender loving kiss. <I knew I wanted to come home for a reason.>

<Flattery will get you nowhere, my love. I'm on my period.>

<Ahhh, so you have a little white tail hanging down from that sweet little pussy?>

Bonnie laughed and blushed. <As a matter of fact, I do, so don't get fresh.>

<Just for future reference, Bonnie me love, that sort of thing has never put me off. Most women I've ever met have been far hornier during their period than during other times of the month.>

<Oh I know that. It's just that the mess turns most men off.>

<It doesn't turn me off at all, so any time you're feeling the urge, just let me know.>

<You know, sometimes I'm glad you have a fifty-eight year old mind.>

<Thank you, Bonnie. I love you too.>

We talked about investing for a while. I knew Intel would be coming out with their 8086 and 8088 chips next year and I wanted Bonnie to have our broker check out what Intel's stock was doing. I also knew one of the companies that was big in computer graphics was founded in 1976. I couldn't remember the name of the company, but I knew it started with an 'M'.

<Bonnie, I think we should get Sharon on birth control pills. Do you agree?>

<Yes. We definitely don't want her pregnant until she wants to be pregnant. I'll talk with her tonight.>

Track practice was as grueling as the coach had told us it would be. We were practicing for the mile run, specifically the sprint at the end, so we ran sprints almost the entire hour. My lungs were burning, my chest was burning and my legs were burning when we finished. The only good things about the practice were that Beth was encouraging me mentally as I ran, and Sharon was waiting when we finished.

On our way back home, Sharon told us about another meeting with Josh just before her last class. "He did the finger pointing and trigger pulling at me," she told us.

"What did you do?" Beth asked.

"I pretended I was shooting him with a bow and arrow. He looked at me really funny, then he laughed and took off."

"We need to talk to Bonnie about this. To threaten me is one thing, but I'll be God Damned if he's going to threaten you. If he comes near you, I will definitely kill his sorry ass."

"Easy Mike. This is a family problem. We'll take care of it. It's not up to you. it's up to all of us," Beth soothed.

To say Bonnie was upset would have been the understatement of the year. She might have the body of an eighteen year old now, but inside she was a mother bear who's cub was in danger.

"Why do these cocksuckers keep doing this to us. All I want is to be left alone. I don't want to hurt anyone, I just want my kids to be safe," she ranted.

"I don't think it's that serious, Bonnie," I told her.

"Not serious? First the three motherfuckers kidnap Beth and we had to take them out. Now this jerkoff is threatening two of my kids."

"Mom, please don't call anyone a motherfucker. It hits too close to home," I kidded.

Beth laughed and Bonnie shot her a dirty look. "Michael Allen Green, I've had about enough of your sass. I don't care if your mind is fifty fucking eight years old, you're still my son and I can still slap you silly."

"Bonnie, just settle down and think rationally. I think Josh is just trying to scare us."

"Well, he has sure as shit scared me. If I have to kill his sorry ass, I will. He damned near killed you once and he's not going to get another chance. Threatening you and Sharon may be the last thing he ever does. We have to take this seriously."

"We are taking it seriously," Sharon told her quietly. "That's why we came to you. We need to work out some way to get rid of Josh without having to kill him."

"I know you're taking it seriously, Sherry, and I know Mike is too. I'm sorry guys. I just get so angry that assholes can't just leave us alone. Sometimes I wish we lived on an island somewhere and didn't have to come in contact with anyone."

"I know, Bonnie. I'm sorry I was flip. It is serious, but I agree with Sherry. I think we need to come up with a solution to remove Josh from the picture without having to turn him off completely."

We all sat and thought for a few minutes. I went to the kitchen and brought sodas back for all of us.

"Mom, how would you feel about Josh having to go to jail, or a mental institution for a while?" Beth asked.

"I could live with that," Bonnie said.

"So could I," I agreed. "There has to be something a little wrong for him to be tied up in this flatliner stuff."

"What were you thinking about, Beth?" Sharon asked.

"Well, you know how you read about serial killers and other mental patients who have the compulsions to do things? I know of at least one who said he just felt like he had to kill people then eat parts of them for him to live. Others say they have voices that tell them to do things. What if we took over Josh's body and forced it to do something really outrageous at school. When they asked him why he did it, he'd say he didn't want to but his body just did it anyway. Do you think they'd believe him, or would they think he was crazy?"

"One crazy act wouldn't be enough," Bonnie said. "But I think you have a good idea. If he did something and was punished for it, then he did something else that was just as bad or worse, and kept doing things, I think they'd eventually put him away."

"Oh, this is going to be fun," Beth said as she rubbed her hands together. "I have the perfect idea for what to have him do first."

"What's that, Sweety?" Bonnie asked.

"Mike, he has History with Mrs. Alford doesn't he?"

When I nodded she went on. "Okay, right in the middle of her class, while she's lecturing, we have him get up and go to her desk. We make him unzip his fly, take out his cock, and pee in the trash can she keeps by her desk. Then we have him go back to his desk as if nothing had happened."

We all lost it. Even Bonnie. "Mrs. Alford will have a cow," Sharon giggled.

"I think if we had him do a few things like that he might be put away," Bonnie laughed.

"Remind me not to get you mad at me," I told Beth.

Wednesday, October 13, 1976

We put our plan into operation this morning. I followed Josh after home room and found him going into government class. I told Beth mentally where he was and she said she'd be waiting outside to follow him at the end of the period.

Josh went from government to history. Beth peeked in the door and saw Mrs. Alford at front of the room with a map of Europe pulled down to lecture on.

Beth, Sharon and I linked and gave Josh the commands to have him carry out the actions Beth had described the night before. We watched through Mrs. Alford's eyes as Josh did his thing.

He had been fidgeting for a while, and Mrs. Alford asked him if he was alright. He told her he was and she went back to teaching. About mid way through the class, Josh got up and walked to the front of the room. Mrs. Alford asked what he was doing, and he ignored her.

When he was beside her desk, Josh unzipped, whipped it out, and pissed an incredible load into Mrs. Alford's trash can. Mrs. Alford was screaming at him, but he ignored that as well.

When he was finished, he calmly shook it off, put it away, and returned to his seat. The girls in the class were giggling behind their hands and the boys were cracking up. Josh ignored them all.

Mrs. Alford sent one of the boys to get the principal. "Tell him it's an emergency," she told the young man.

Within minutes, Mr. Andrews was in the room. When Mrs. Alford told him what had happened, he took one look in the trash can and then went to Josh. "Why did you do that?" he demanded.

Josh was red faced and looked totally confused. "I don't know sir. All of a sudden I had to go. I tried to stop myself, but it was like I just couldn't help it."

"Come with me, young man. We need to get your parents in here."

"Do you have to tell them, sir. My mother is going to freak."

"Yes, they have to be told. I don't know if you realize just how serious this is. You are definitely going to be suspended, and you may even go to jail. Now get on your feet and come with me."

Reluctantly, Josh followed him out of the room. The rest of the class was shot for Mrs. Alford. She tried to pick up where she'd left off, but the kids were basically ignoring her, talking about what had happened. Mrs. Alford couldn't figure out what she'd been trying to say anyway.

Lunch was a blast. Sharon and I exchanged our customary kisses, then went through the line. We sat at our normal table, but saw no sign of Josh. There had to be at least six different kids stop to tell us the story of Josh peeing in the trash can, all of them telling things differently. Some of them were so far out, we wondered where they had heard them.

Of course we passed everything on to Beth, and she had as much fun with it as we did. We mentally called Bonnie and described the scene to her.

Ms. Richards called Beth in just after her lunch to tell her what her IQ scores were. "I've never seen anyone so evenly matched as you and your brother are," she told Beth. "The test he scored 183 on, you scored 181. The test he scored 176 on, you scored 179. There is at least that much margin for error on both tests, so you are virtually identical."

"Does this mean I could start testing out of some of my classes?"

"I'm sure you can. I would like to talk with your mother, and go over all of the ramifications of you doing so."

"I'll have her give you a call, Ms. Richards. Thank you again."

While they had been talking, Beth had been reading Ms. Richards for what she knew about Josh. She found out he had been given a week's suspension, and he had to agree to see the school psychiatrist for counseling.

Track practice was another torturous series of events. It seemed to go on forever, but having Sharon there to give me a kiss when I came out made it worthwhile.

We filled Bonnie in on the Josh situation when we got home, and we all had a great time reliving the part we had caused.

"So what do you do when he comes back to school?" Bonnie asked.

"It's going to be hard to top what he did this time," I said. "I've been thinking about it but haven't come up with anything yet."

"How about we have him masturbate in front of a class?" Sharon asked, a twinkle in her eye.

"It's a good idea," Beth said. "But, I think you just want to see a guy masturbate."

"Well, there is that... No, Beth. Masturbating in front of the class is a sexual offense, and that means they have to do something about it rather than just a school punishment."

"You mean the police will have to be brought in," Bonnie said. "Yes... I think that might work. At worst it will get him put into a mental health facility for observation."

"Okay, we have a week to figure out the details. I think we should do it the day he gets back. I also think we should have him do it in a different class so they don't think it has something to do with Mrs. Alford," I told them.

Thursday, October 14, 1976

Thursday was a very relaxing day. I had lunch with Sharon as usual and we had some others join us. Melissa Silvers and Alice Greer asked if we would mind if they ate with us. Alice was one of the girls who had been at Beth's birthday party, and Melissa was the girl who had been invited but couldn't come.

"Guys, I wanted to apologize for the teasing I was giving you at Beth's party," Alice said. "I wasn't prepared for you to have a boyfriend, Sharon, and I guess I was a little jealous because you had one."

"It's Okay, Alice. I know it's been quick, but Mike and I are very serious about each other. We probably displayed more affection publicly than we should have."

"How long have you guys been going out?"

"Just a little over a week. I've liked Mike for years, but he never seemed to notice me."

"Oh, believe me I know how long you've liked him. You've talked about him enough over the years. I don't want to offend you, Mike, but you are a lot different than you were last year. I don't know if anyone else has noticed it, but you seem to have matured a lot."

"I guess I have matured. Coming so close to death will do that to you."

"Actually, the changes in Mike are what caused me to start loving him instead of just liking him."

Of course we all had to rehash the Josh incident, and Sharon told them about my upcoming track meet.

"Melissa, are you still going with Jim Butterman?" Sharon asked.

"No, Sherry. We broke up last week."

"I'm sorry Missy. What happened?"

"He tried to force me to have sex with him. Luckily, Al Smitson and Jenny Seaver were in the car next to ours and when I screamed, Al came over and broke things up. They gave me a ride home and I told Jim I never wanted to see him again."

"I'm glad you screamed, Missy," I said. "I've read that's the best thing a girl can do if she's in danger."

"I guess. I was surprised he acted the way he did. He's the quarterback on the football team and he's a very good student."

"You're better off without him, Missy," Sharon told her. "Sex is great, but it should never be forced."

"You mean you've... I'm sorry. I shouldn't be so curious. It's just that I'm curious about sex and..."

"It's Okay, Missy. I'm not ashamed of it. Yes, Mike and I have. He was my first and he'll be my last. With the right person it can be every bit as good as the movies make it out to be."

"Oh God. I wish."

We all laughed about that and took our trays back. Sharon and I kissed lightly before parting while Melissa and Alice looked on, smiling.

Practice was a breeze. We did our warmups and some stretching. The coach had us run a few laps, then cool down. He told us he didn't want us tired out or sore for the meet.

After practice, Beth called Bonnie to see if she'd like to meet us at Betty's for a burger. She reluctantly agreed, saying she didn't have a lot in common with a bunch of teenagers.

<You have more in common with them than you think, Sweety, > I told her. <Besides that wonderful eighteen year old body. My fifty-eight year old mind seems to fit right in and I'll bet yours does too, if you'll just relax and let it.>

<Well... I'll try. I just don't want to make a fool of myself.>

<Do me a favor. Get some of Beth's clothes out and wear them. I'll bet everyone thinks you're a cute chick from another school.>

<Mental giggle> <This might be fun.>

We arrived at Betty's before Bonnie did and we were already eating when she got there. When she came in, almost every guy in the place turned to look at her. Several received elbows in the ribs from their girlfriends.

She came over to the booth where we were setting and said, "Hi guys. How's it going?"

"We're doing good, Bonnie," I said as I got up and gave her a hug. "What would you like to eat?"

She slid into the booth beside Beth as I went to get the fish sandwich and fries she wanted. When I came back, Sharon was filling Beth and Bonnie in on Melissa and Jim Butterman.

"Date rape is something all women and girls have to be aware of and protect themselves as much as they can. I'm sure it's been going on as long as people have been dating, but it does seem like it's more prevalent now."

"I'm not sure there's more of it going on now, Bonnie. I think women are just more willing to tell about it. Personally, I think we should let the whole school know about Butterman. It might save some other girl from being put in the same position."

"You're right, Mike. How are we going to do it?" Beth asked.

"I haven't a clue. Think about it ladies. With your devious minds, I'm sure we can come up with something."

Sharon slapped me on the back of the head and Beth hit me with a French Fry. Bonnie just laughed and told them they were definitely devious, so cut it out.

Alice and Melissa came by a little later, and we introduced Melissa to Bonnie. We scooted over and made room so they could sit down. Melissa sat beside me and Alice sat beside Bonnie.

We all had a good time discussing Josh and everything else that was happening at school. "Bonnie, you certainly don't seem like Beth and Mike's mother," Melissa told her. "You seem more like you're our age. If they hadn't told me who you are, I'd have thought you were maybe a year older than me."

"Well, thank you, Missy. You certainly know how to make an old lady feel good about herself."

"Old lady my ass," I said. "If you looked any younger you'd be illegal."

We all kidded around for a while and Melissa asked Sharon what had happened with her dad. "I heard you had been beaten up, and I just wondered if everything had worked out okay."

Sharon told her the story of how her father had beaten her and my rescue of her at school. "Bonnie was fantastic. She told Dad we'd not press charges if he'd sign off all his parental rights and let me come to live with her. She had a lawyer draw up the papers and he signed. I hope I never have to see him again."

"You mean you're living in the same house as your boyfriend?"

"Yep."

"Isn't that awkward? I mean, he sees you when you're not at your best and everything."

"Well, a husband sees his wife at those times too, and it isn't a problem for most husbands."

"I know, but I mean... What if he saw you in your nightgown or something?"

"Melissa, can you keep your mouth shut about anything I tell you? I know Alice can because I've been sharing secrets with her all my life."

<Be careful, Sweety, > I told her mentally.

<Shut up, Big Boy. I know what I'm doing.>

"Yes I can, Sharon. I don't believe in gossip."

"Okay. First off, I don't wear a nightgown. Mike and I sleep in the same bed, and he doesn't wear nightclothes either."

Melissa looked disbelievingly at Bonnie, who just nodded her head.

"Missy, Mike and I have a very good relationship. As soon as we're old enough, we're going to be married. Nothing has ever been forced or coerced with Mike. We love each other and express that love as adults."

"Sharon, that is so fantastic. That's what I want in life. I don't care about schooling or a career. I just want to love someone and be loved by someone. I don't care about money, as long as we have enough for food, clothing and shelter. I don't care if it's me or if it's my husband who works. I just want to love and be loved."

"Missy, you seem like a wonderful young lady. I'm sure you are going to find someone or someones who love you very soon. With a personality like yours, I'll guarantee it," Bonnie said.

Later on, after we had gone home, Bonnie said. "Melissa seems like a very nice young lady. Does anyone know anything about her?"

"Yeah, Mom. She's a good friend. She just moved in to our school the middle of last year. I felt sorry for her at first, but as I got to know her, I found I really liked her," Beth said.

"I felt sorry for her at first too. Her parents and her little sister were killed in an auto accident last year. She doesn't have any other family, and her parents were going through some tough times so she didn't have any money. She's in foster care now," Sharon added.

"That's really a shame. Beth, your track meet Saturday is in the morning, right?"

"Yes, Mom."

"Why don't you invite her to come over after the meet. You guys could spend the afternoon together, then we could take her home after dinner or she could even spend the night if her foster parents will let her."

"That'd be great, Mom. Trouble is, I don't know if I'll even see her at school tomorrow. We don't have any classes together."

"That's Okay," Sharon said. "I have one class with her, and Mike and I will probably see her at lunch. We'll ask her."

We talked for a while about Beth's IQ scores, then I brought up something I'd been thinking about for a while. "You know, guys, we talk together mentally a lot, but we've not really done much probing for deeper thoughts or feelings. We are very intimate and tell each other everything, but it's not quite the same. I was wondering what you guys would think about linking all of our minds at some point and wandering through each other's thoughts and memories. Is that too personal, or would any or all of you be interested in doing something like that?"

"Wow, that is very intimate, Mike. I'll have to think about that," Bonnie said.

"It wouldn't bother me, Mike. I'd like to know what a dirty old man like you thinks about," Beth spoke up.

"I have nothing to hide from any of you," Sharon said.

"I guess what bothers me a little is having you and Beth know things like how it felt to make love to your father. We had a very good life together, and some of it I don't know if I'm ready to share."

"It's Okay, Bonnie. We're not going to push you into doing anything you're not comfortable with. I never thought of it, but maybe there are things you don't want to know about Mike and Beth as well. I know there are certain memories of Mike's that I stay away from."

"Oh yeah? Like what?"

"Well... I followed the events leading up to Mike's death, but I stayed away from his thoughts and motivations. I'd really rather not know why he did what he did."

"I guess if we ran into something we didn't want to get into, we could just back off," Bonnie mused.

"Well, let's not decide tonight. Think about it and we can talk about it in a day or two."
Chapter 9 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 8 |   Bottom
Chapter 9
Posted: November 17, 2003 - 10:06:01 pm

Friday, October 15, 1976

I spent Friday morning reading my Biology textbook through and going over the notes I'd made to date. My test was to be on Monday, and I didn't want to waste the weekend studying for it.

Sharon and I had just set down to lunch when Missy came up. "Would you guys mind if I ate with you today?" she asked.

"Not at all," I said. "In fact we were wanting to talk with you. Where's Alice?"

"Alice and I had an argument. We're kind of not speaking right now."

"I'm sorry. Is there anything we can do to smooth it over?"

"I'm afraid not. I probably shouldn't tell you this, because I hate gossip, but watch yourselves around Alice."

"Okay. I thought you guys were good friends. It always seemed to be Beth, Sharon, Alice and Missy."

"Well, I thought so too, but last night after you guys left Betty's, she started making some comments about Sharon and Bonnie that I didn't like, so I told her off."

"Missy," Sharon said. "If you're not comfortable in telling me, just tell me to mind my own business. But, what did she say about us?"

"Well, I am a little uncomfortable with it, but I'm going to tell you anyway. She said you and Bonnie must both be sluts. She said you were a slut for sleeping with Mike and Bonnie was a slut for letting you."

We sat in stunned silence for a few minutes then Sharon said, "Thank you Missy. I might let her get away with calling me a slut. By her standards I guess I am. I will not let her get away with calling Bonnie a slut. Bonnie took me in when Dad was abusing me. She did things for me that I never thought anyone would do for another person. I will not let Alice get away with this."

"Take it easy Slugger," I said. "Let it ride until you've talked to Bonnie. Neither one of us are calm enough right now to think rationally."

"Yeah, I guess you're right. Do you see why I love him so much, Missy?"

"I think I do. Now that I've dropped that bombshell, why did you guys want to talk to me?"

"Bonnie wanted us to ask you to spend the day with us tomorrow. Beth and I are going to be in the track meet tomorrow, and Sharon and Bonnie are going to be here watching it. She said if you'd like to come to the meet, you could come home with us after. We could all swim and hang out all afternoon, then you could have dinner with us. If you'd want, we could take you home after dinner, or you could spend the night with Beth."

"That sounds like so much fun. I'll have to ask my foster parents, but they'll probably let me. Can I call you guys tonight to let you know?"

"That would be great, Missy. I hope you can come," Sharon told her.

Sharon and Missy spent a lot of time during the rest of the lunch period talking about what Missy should bring. I would have felt left out if Sharon hadn't been running her hand up and down the inside of my thigh the whole time. Every once in a while she'd bump my cock, then she'd turn and grin at me. I had to rearrange myself before I got up so my boner didn't show so badly.

Practice was a team meeting. The coaches passed out schedules for the events. We didn't work up a sweat, so we were out quickly. Sharon met us, and I drove us home.

Missy had already called when we got there and said she could come and she could stay the night if it was okay.

Sharon and I told Bonnie and Beth about what Missy told us at lunch. Beth wanted to go out and make Aliceburgers, but Bonnie's cool head ruled.

"She's not worth it Beth," Bonnie said. "Just ignore her, and be very friendly to Missy. That'll get the message across quicker than anything else."

"I wanted to cut her tits off too, Bonnie, but Mike said I should talk to you first," Sharon told her. "I don't mind so much her calling me a slut, but she has no right calling you one."

"Listen kids, by society's rules, we are sluts. All of us. If anyone knew I slept with my son and my daughter, I could go to jail. If anyone knew I was letting a fifteen year old sleep with my son, I could go to jail. It's best to not stir up anything."

"I take exception to one thing, Bonnie. I think we need to put a block on Alice so she can't tell anyone about Sharon and I sleeping together or about you letting us," I said.

"Oh... I hadn't thought about that, Mike. Yes, we should. Do you think she'll be at the track meet tomorrow?"

"She should be. Most students come. It's a place for hanging out and being with your friends."

"Okay. Sharon and I will take care of her during the meet. Don't you and Beth worry about things. We want you to shine tomorrow."

We made an early night of it. We all snuggled in together, but didn't make love.

Saturday, October 16, 1976

Hillsdale has an impressive track team. Their 10K man set a state record last year, and he was back this year. We had to be at the field at 7:30 AM to get checked in to all of our events, and the events themselves started at 8:00.

Distance events were held on a separate track from the shorter events. The first event on our track was the women's mile. Beth took off like she was afraid someone was going to beat her, and when she crossed the finish line there wasn't anyone within a hundred yards of her. She set a new school record and was only three seconds off the state record.

I paced myself a little more on the men's mile. I won it easily but wasn't close to a record. I also won the five kilometer race handily. I didn't fare so well on the 10K race, though. I was passing a guy from the opposing team about a third of the way through the race when he accidently bumped me. I turned my ankle and went sprawling. I got up immediately and my ankle hurt like hell. It was badly sprained. I told my body to heal it, and started walking it off.

I was soon running again, but Hillsdale's 10K star had too much of a lead on me. I was about six paces behind him as I crossed the line. Beth won all three of her races.

Beth and I were a weary pair when we made our way over to the stands to find our group. We spotted Bonnie, Sharon, and Missy sitting about three rows up in the stands, smiling from ear to ear.

<Did you take care of Alice?> I asked mentally.

<Yes, but I'll tell you about it later, > Bonnie told us.

"Congratulations guys," Missy said as Beth and I went to sit with them.

"Thanks," I said. Beth is the one who shined though. "I should have won the 10K."

"It looked like you'd hurt your leg when you got up," Sharon said.

"Yeah, it hurt pretty bad for a while. It took me too long to get back running."

"Enough of this. We did good, now let's get out of here," Beth demanded. "I'm hungry."

"You're always hungry," Bonnie told her. "Do you want to stop at Betty's and get a burger, or would you rather go home? We have sandwich stuff at home."

"Let's just go home," Beth said. "I'd like to eat something then lay out in the sun for a while."

"Sounds good to me," I said. "Is this your suitcase?" I asked Missy.

She admitted it was, so I picked it up and carried it to the Suburban for her. We all piled in and were soon pulling into our driveway.

Bonnie and I started making sandwiches as soon as we got in the house, but the three girls disappeared. It was a half hour later, and Bonnie and I had already eaten when they reappeared.

When the girls came back in and started grabbing sandwiches, my mouth fell open and I was speechless. There wasn't enough material in the three bikinis they were wearing, put together to make a single handkerchief.

"If you were going to wear those, you should have just gone nude," Bonnie said with a laugh.

"We would have, Mom, but we have company," Beth said.

"Actually, going nude wouldn't have bothered me," Missy said. "My parents were naturists, and we went to nudist camps from as far back as I can remember. I guess Alice would have called me a slut too if she'd known that."

We all laughed, then Bonnie said, "We haven't been to a camp yet, but we plan to soon. We are usually nude around the house, and I don't see anything wrong with it."

"Sometimes a little mystery is more interesting than full nudity though, Bonnie. I'll bet Mike doesn't get tongue tied when you guys are nude, and I'm sure his mouth doesn't hang open like that," Missy teased.

"I thought that was just because there was a new girl around, Missy. You know you are exceptionally lovely, don't you?"

"No, Bonnie. I'm rather plain, and I know it."

"Mike, is Missy beautiful, or is it just me?" Bonnie asked.

"Absolutely gorgeous," I managed to get out. "Just like the other three women in this room."

"Good save, lover," Sharon said as she came over and gave me a big hug. "You might have had some catty females on your hands if you hadn't included the rest of us."

"I might be dumb but I'm not stupid," I said.

We had a lot of fun that afternoon, playing in the pool and talking as we soaked up the sun. Missy fit in with the group like she'd always been there. About the middle of the afternoon, the three girls were playing in the pool and Bonnie and I were laying out, catching some sun.

"You know, Bonnie," I said. "We bought me a new car and Beth a new car. I'm sure that when Sharon gets her license we'll buy her one as well. Don't you think it's time you got rid of that station wagon and bought a new car for yourself?"

"Yeah, I guess so. It's just that it gets me around and I really don't have any excuse for getting anything else."

"Bonnie, My Love," I said in a low voice so the girls wouldn't hear. "A Dodge Aspen isn't the car for a sexy young thing like you. You'd look sexy in an Edsel, but I'd still like to see you in something you'd be proud of. What's your all time favorite car?"

"Well, there is one I've always liked," Bonnie giggled. "About twenty years ago I saw my first Jaguar. It looked so sexy, I've always wanted one. It's not practical, but it sure is sexy."

"Have you seen the new XJ? I think it's one of the nicest looking ones yet."

"Yes, I always look at the new models each year. You know, maybe I should get one. I could keep the Aspen for grocery shopping and things like that."

"Yes, or you could use the suburban for things like that. That way I could use the Jag while you had my car."

"Yeah right. Like I'd turn a sixteen year old boy loose in a Jaguar."

"Remember, I'm really a fifty-eight year old man. Which would be worse to turn loose with a Jag?" I asked laughing so hard I attracted the girl's attention.

"You just want to drive it to pick up pussy," Bonnie accused.

"Yeah, right. I have the three prettiest pussys in the state of California right now. I don't need any more pussy."

"You may get one whether you need it or not," Bonnie whispered. "Doesn't it seem natural to have Missy here with us?"

"God, Bonnie, I don't think I could handle another hungry pussy. Three women are more than any man can keep up with."

"Hey stud, since you've found how to make Mr. Friendly stand at attention any time you want, you could take care of thirty women."

"Seriously Bonnie, I haven't heard Missy say anything about hearing people's thoughts or any thing like that. I'm not sure you can even change someone if they aren't already on the edge of doing it themselves."

"I know, but she just seems to fit in so perfectly. I'll try to draw her out this afternoon. Maybe she just hasn't said anything."

"Bonnie, if I didn't know better I'd say you were hot for her."

Bonnie smiled and leaned close to whisper. "I am."

We were still laughing our asses off when the girls came over to see what the commotion was about. "Bonnie is going to get herself a new car, and when I said I'd like to drive it, she accused me of wanting it to pick up girls."

"You've already got all the girls you need," Sharon said as she climbed up on my lap and snuggled in.

"You are absolutely right," I told her. I leaned down to share a tender kiss, which turned into one of her toe curlers. When we finally broke for air, I said. "Now you have to stay here for a while, Sweety. Unless you want to advertise to the world what you do to me."

We sat for a couple of minutes while the laughter died down, then I got up still holding Sharon to me. I carried her to the pool and stepped up on the diving board. I started kissing her as I walked the length of the board like I had with Beth a while back. When I stepped off the end, our lips were locked together and she was still in my arms.

We broke the kiss as we surfaced. Our lips were two inches apart when I said, "You are the only woman I'll ever need." We kissed again, treading water. I could have kept it up for the rest of the afternoon, if Beth hadn't done a cannonball right next to us. We nearly drowned from the splash.

We did a lot of dunking and grabassing for a while. I kept ending up with hand fulls of tit and hand fulls of butt. I have no idea how many times my cock and my ass were groped, nor who was doing the groping. It was a lot of fun, though, and the first time this afternoon we had been able to be completely free.

I finally tired of the pool and climbed out to dry off. When I leaned back in one of the lounges, Sharon immediately settled on my lap again. It is a wonderful thing to have a very desirable young lady in a micro-bikini snuggle in your lap. Sharon could feel my reaction to her body and gave me a big smile. If Missy hadn't been less than six feet away, I'm sure we'd have enjoyed the snuggling even more.

"Missy was just telling me about what happened with Jim Butterman," Bonnie said. "She said she knew she shouldn't have gone with him that day."

"Yeah, I knew he was feeling a lot of lust, but a lot of guys are like that. They always manage to control it though."

"How did you know he was feeling lust?" I asked.

"Well, I've always been able to tell what people are feeling. I don't know how, Mike but I can. Bonnie said all of you have had similar experiences."

"Yes, we have. Ours have mostly been being able to catch a bit of what someone was thinking though. Please don't tell anyone about that Missy. I don't want to become someone's lab rat."

"Oh, I wouldn't Mike. For some reason I feel like I can trust you guys or I would have never mentioned it to Bonnie. I'll admit I've had flashes of hearing someone's thoughts, or at least I think I have. I was never really sure if I was hearing them or if I was imagining it."

"I know what you mean, Missy. I always wondered about it too."

"Anyway, Mike. I want to do something about Butterman," Bonnie broke in. "I have an idea I'd like your opinion on."

"Okay, shoot."

"Missy says that Butterman hangs out at Betty's a lot. Do you think he'd be interested in me if I kind of come on to him?"

"If he isn't blind he would be."

"Okay, here's the plan. If I can get him to take me out, I'll kind of lead him on until he takes me to park somewhere. You guys should follow so I don't get into too much trouble. Then when he tries to put the moves on me, I'll tell him no. If he's running true to form, he'll tell me he's going to have me whether I want it or not. He'll then try to rape me. That's when I want you guys close."

"Okay, so we catch him trying to rape you. What good is that going to do?"

"What he won't know is that I'll be tape recording the whole thing. The next day, you guys play the tape on the loudspeakers at school."

"Oh, that part I like. I'm not so crazy about you putting yourself in danger though."

"It really won't be that much danger, Mike. Missy says he always parks up at Smittering Point. You could be there waiting in the Suburban, and Beth can follow in the VW in case he changes his mind about where to go. When he gets to the rape part, I'll scream and you guys can come to the rescue."

"I still don't like it, but why don't you run it past Beth and Sharon. If they'll go along with it, so will I."

"I want a part of this too, Bonnie," Missy told her. "Either I'm with Beth, or I'm with Mike and Sharon."

"Are you sure, Missy? It'll probably bring back some bad memories."

"Yes, I'm sure. I want to keep the bastard from hurting anyone. I'm lucky I wasn't raped, and I'd rather be sure no one else has to depend on luck."

"Okay, you're in. I'll talk to Beth and Sharon right now." Bonnie got up and went over to the edge of the pool to talk with the two girls.

"Missy, Bonnie and I were talking about how well you seem to fit into our group. Do you feel comfortable with all of us?" I asked.

"Yes Mike, I feel very comfortable with all of you. Remember, I can tell what people are feeling. I know you love Sharon dearly and I know she loves you just as much. I'm afraid I know your other secrets too. You don't need to worry. I'd never tell anyone. It doesn't bother me at all. I just wish I had a loving family too."

I could see the tears running from her eyes as she said that, so I got up and went over to where she was sitting. I sat beside her and put my arms around her. I've always been a sucker for a woman's tears.

<Sharon, Bonnie, Beth, please come here. Missy is badly in need of some reassurance.>

My three lovlies turned as one and looked at us. <Hold her for a few minutes, Mike and rub her back and shoulders. We'll be there in a few minutes, > Sharon told me.

<Okay, but hurry. She feels very unloved.>

"Missy, there are people who love you. There are four of us here today who've fallen for you pretty quickly."

"I know Mike. I can feel it. I guess I just miss having a home with a loving mother and father."

"That would be tough, Missy," I said as I made soft circles on her back. "We could never replace your mother and father, but we could be your family if you'll let us."

"Mike I really like you guys. I'm just not ready for a sexual relationship with anyone."

"Missy, it wouldn't have to be a sexual relationship. In fact, it would be far less complicated if it weren't sexual. You say you know our other secrets. What secrets do you think we have?"

"I think that you and Bonnie and you and Beth are lovers. I know this because I sense the physical attraction between you. I also sense physical love as well as familial love between you."

"Okay, I believe you. Does it bother you that I'm holding you?"

"No. I'm enjoying this, Mike."

"Would it bother you if I were holding Bonnie like I'm holding you?"

No. I don't think so anyway."

"Would it bother you if Bonnie or Beth were holding you like this?"

"No. I'm not a lesbian or anything, but I love Bonnie, Beth and Sharon. I don't want to have sex with them, but I wouldn't mind cuddling with them."

"Okay. We do a lot of cuddling around here. For the most part, it's not sexual. Sometimes it develops into that, but only by mutual desire and consent. No one in this house has ever been forced to do anything they didn't want to do."

"I believe you Mike. I guess I can even understand the incest. Bonnie and Beth are both gorgeous and you are a very handsome man. I can see why you were attracted to each other. How does Sharon fit in though?"

"Sharon is my love and my lover. She's the light of my life. She's the woman I'm going to marry just as soon as we're old enough. She's the woman who's going to bear my children. I could never love anyone any more than I love Sharon. However, although Bonnie and Beth can never be married to me or have my children, I love them just as much as I love Sharon."

"Sharon knows you love Bonnie and Beth as much as you love her?"

"Yes."

"Does she know you have sex with Bonnie and Beth?"

"She knows I make love with them. There's a big difference between making love and having sex."

"But, how can Sharon let you make love to the other two? Isn't she jealous?"

"Not a bit. The other two aren't jealous either. We all four love each other, so we have no problems with it."

By now, the three ladies we had been talking about had come over and taken seats close to us. Sharon looked over at Missy and said, "All our lives we've been taught that you can only love one person, yet we know that isn't the truth. You loved you mother and your father equally didn't you?"

"Yes, I did, but that's a different kind of love."

"Not really, Missy. I agree there are two kinds of love, however I disagree with how others define those types of love. The Greeks called the two types Eros and Agape. Eros was defined as sexual love, and agape was defined as platonic love, or the kind love you would have for a parent or a sibling. I believe one type of love is the kind you have for another human being. The other type of love in my opinion is like what you would feel for a good dog, or some inanimate object. I believe any love you feel for another human is part of the same type of love."

Sharon took a sip of her soda and let Missy think about that for a minute. "The love you feel for different humans is different for every human you love. I'm sure the love you felt for your father was different from what you felt for your mother, and they both were different from what you felt for your sister. If you had a boyfriend or husband, the love you felt for them would be different still. Where people become confused is that we equate lust or sexual desire with love. We can love someone and not desire them. We can desire someone and not love them. If you were married to someone who you loved dearly, and for some reason you could no longer have sex, would you stop loving them?"

"No, I can't see that I would."

"So, the lust or desire might be gone, but the love would still be there. I haven't experienced it personally, but I'd swear the love itself wouldn't have changed at all."

"Okay, I can understand that you can love more than one person at a time, but why aren't you jealous about the lust Mike feels for his mother and his sister?"

"I've never really put any of this into words before, Missy," Sharon said. "So, please bear with me. First off, lust is like a hunger. It isn't really anything we can control. We feel it whether we want to or not. We can refuse to act on it, and it eventually goes away. You can't blame your body for suddenly becoming hungry when you see and smell a thick juicy steak prepared just the way you like it. So, you can't blame your body if you are suddenly in lust when you see someone who is exactly the kind of person your body responds to."

"I guess I can see that. You're saying you can't blame Mike because his body responds to Bonnie and Beth."

"That's right. You also have to remember, Mike had a sexual relationship with B & B before he ever met me."

"Okay, but what would you feel if Mike started feeling lustful toward someone else, now?"

"Like you, you mean? I know Mike is attracted to you. He's sitting here with a near naked babe in his arms, comforting her. He'd be a wooden statue if he wasn't attracted. Although I'll admit parts of him probably do feel wooden right now. Right now his body is hungry for a nice juicy sirloin steak. If he can't have the sirloin, he'll settle for a nice juicy porterhouse like me. But, he'll still wish he'd had the sirloin. It's not that he'll enjoy the porterhouse any less, and next time he's hungry it might be the porterhouse he thinks of first. It might also be the ribeye he has a craving for when he gets hungry again. I don't know if I'm making any sense or not, but the answer is NO, I wouldn't jealous if you and Mike decided to do the horizontal mambo."

"That seems Okay for Mike, but what about the rest of you? Don't you get tired of eating the same thing for every meal?"

"We probably would, but when there are four people who are open and honest with each other, there are infinite combinations of cuisine."

"You mean you girls do it with each other too?"

"Of course we do. We love each other too. We also lust after each other too. It's different. I'm not a lesbian either, but if Beth can scratch my itch while Mike is with Bonnie, I don't feel left out. If I don't have a specific itch at the time, then it's fun to watch."

"I just don't know if I could do that."

"Damn it, Missy. You said you didn't want a sexual relationship. Bullshit. You're just afraid to start a sexual relationship. You can read other peoples' feelings, so you must know that everyone here is attracted to you. I'll let you in on a little secret. I can read your feelings too. I know you are attracted to everyone here as well."

Missy blushed from the top of her head to the tip of her toes. It was a very interesting thing to see happen. I could actually feel the heat from her skin increase.

"Just because I feel the desire doesn't mean I'm going to do anything about it," Missy said defiantly.

"Absolutely," Sharon said. "We don't have to act on our desires. Do you think Jim Butterman would sit there and hold you like Mike is? Mike feels the desire, but he isn't and won't be acting on it. Mike is in control. What I was trying to say though is that you can't say you don't want a sexual relationship. You can say you are afraid to start one or that you refuse to start one, but you can't say you don't want one."

"How can you say with such certainty what I want and don't want?"

"Missy, I think it's time we told you our biggest family secret," Bonnie broke in.

"Are you sure about this Mom?" Beth asked.

"Yes, I'm sure, but I'll let the rest of you have a say as well. All of you just say yes or no."

"Yes," from Sharon.

"Yes," from Beth.

"Yes," from me.

"Beth, you raised the question of whether I was sure or not. Why?"

"I just wanted to give Sharon a chance to say, no, considering all the implications. I could and will share everything with Missy, but I wanted Sharon to be able to back out if it was going to be too much for her."

"I thank you, Beth, but I am perfectly fine with everything," Sharon told her.

"Okay Missy, here's the deal. I know you can read feelings. Well, so can we. All four of us. We can also consistently read anything anyone is thinking. Again, all four of us. This makes for a different relationship than anyone has even conceived of before."

"Oh my. You mean you've been reading everything I've been thinking?"

"No we haven't, Missy. We would never do that to a friend. We don't even read each other without asking permission first," I told her.

Missy turned so that she was looking into my eyes. She held my gaze for several seconds, then nodded.

"I believe you Mike," she said softly.

Bonnie went on to tell Missy the entire story. We told her we didn't want her to make a decision right away, but asked her to please not tell anyone else about us. I could tell she was shook up, but I could also feel that our secrets were safe with her.
Chapter 10 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 9 |   Bottom
Chapter 10
Posted: November 19, 2003 - 02:41:36 pm

Sunday, October 17, 1976

Beth and Missy slept in Beth's room Saturday night, while the rest of us slept in Bonnie's room. Sharon and I made slow, tender love while Bonnie caressed both of us. We cuddled for a long time afterwards, enjoying the closeness and the love that flowed between us.

I was sitting in the kitchen sipping on my second cup of coffee when Missy came in.

"Good morning," I said.

"Good morning Mike. Do you have any more of that coffee?"

I got her a cup and she sat down across from where I had been sitting. We sipped in silence for a few minutes, then Missy said, "I want to thank you for holding me yesterday evening. I was feeling very vulnerable and very alone."

"That's Okay Missy. One of the biggest advantages of having a family as I'm sure you know is in having someone be there when you need them. You've been through a lot and you should be proud of how you've handled everything."

"Mike, you have no idea how close I am to losing it at times. I loved my parents very much and I adored my little sister. I miss them so badly."

"Are your foster parents any help at all?"

"Not really. I think Betty tries, but they have five foster kids. It's a business to them. One of the boys is a real hard case. He was a gang member, and they have to watch him all of the time. The other boy has been in foster care all of his life. He never expects anything else, so he is a very bitter twelve year old. The oldest girl besides me is fourteen. She was on drugs and was selling her body for her next fix before she was put into rehab, and then moved to where I live. The other girl is nine and cute as a button. She's the only one I feel anything for."

"How old are you, Melissa?"

"I'm almost as old as you are, Mike. I was held back a year in school because I was out so much during second grade. I have asthma and that year they just couldn't seem to keep it under control."

"Have you ever thought of going to court to be emancipated?"

"I know what emancipation is, but how would that apply to me?"

"There's a law in California that says a minor can apply to the court to be emancipated, or declared as being legally an adult. You would have to show you were able to support yourself, but in your case I don't think it would be too difficult to put through."

"I don't have a job, or a place to stay Mike. It is something to think about though."

"I don't think we told you that we are starting our own corporation. The final papers on it will be ready within the next few days. If you'd like, you could be an employee of our company. We are going to need someone to do research on companies to invest in, and to look for real estate to purchase."

"That would be interesting. I've always been fascinated by the stock market. I know nothing about real estate though."

"Bonnie was a broker before she retired, so all our researcher would have to do is find prospective properties, and find out all she could about the properties. As far as a place to stay goes, you have an invitation to join our family. We know you aren't ready for a sexual relationship, but that doesn't mean you can't be a family member. You could have your own room and participate as little or as much as you want."

"Mike, I want more than anything to be a member of your family. I'm just scared."

"I know Missy. Bonnie told you about the thing we do to the brain so you can gain your telepathic potential. You could live here with us without having this done, but you really wouldn't be a member of the family. I think this is one of the things that's scaring you."

"It is Mike. It almost seems like mind control. I'm afraid I wouldn't be the same person afterwards."

"I can understand that, Missy. All I can do is tell you how it was for me. I was having these flashes of being able to tell what someone was thinking. It only happened during times of stress or great excitement. One night while I was making love to Bonnie, I thought to myself that I'd sure like to know what caused those flashes. Suddenly I knew it was because my blood pressure was higher during those times and that if I could increase the blood flow to a specific area of the brain, I'd have the talent at all times."

"So it was a physical thing rather than messing with your thoughts?"

"That's right. Of course, my talent disappeared as quickly as it came. I thought about the excitement so I went out and got in our car and drove it at a reckless speed. When I was excited enough, I simply told myself I wanted the specific blood vessel I had seen before to be half again as big as it had been. When I got back home, Bonnie awoke, and I found I could read every thing she was thinking."

"Changing the size of a blood vessel doesn't sound all that scary. Could you change it back if I decided I didn't like it?"

"Yes, I could, but after you have had the change made I can almost guarantee you wouldn't want it changed back."

"Okay, you've convinced me. Do it."

"If you're sure Missy, then come in the living room and lie down on the couch. It might make you a little dizzy for a second or two."

"Oh I'm sure. Mike, I've just lost so much, I don't want to lose anything else."

I told Missy to lie down on the couch and close her eyes. When she started to relax, I increased the size of her blood vessel. The procedure only took a few seconds.

<You can open your eyes now, Missy.>

She opened her eyes and looked around. "When are you going to do it?"

<I already have.>

"You mean that's all that's going to happen?"

<Well, yes. As far as changing anything anyway.>

"You're not talking, are you?"

<No, just thinking. Try thinking something at me.>

<This is incredible, Mike. Everything is so clear.>

<Yep. I'm going to see if anyone else is up. Hold on a second.>

I called for Sharon and sure enough, she was just waking up. <Sharon, my love, think something at Missy. I just did the big brain change for her.>

<Good morning Missy. This is Sharon. Do you feel any different?>

<Good morning Sharon. I really don't feel any different. This talking without talking is great though.>

<You ain't seen nothing yet. You can exchange sights, sounds, smells and feelings too. Watch this.>

All of a sudden my mind was filled with a picture of Bonnie. She was sound asleep and nude. Her hair was tousled and her breasts and nipples sticking up proudly.

<My God, that is fantastic, > Missy told her.

<It is a mixed blessing really. Just wait until you're in the middle of a class and Mike projects a picture of all the naked jocks taking a shower.>

Missy giggled. <I'll bet it's hard to concentrate on algebra.>

<Sharon, why don't you see if Beth is awake, then come on down and join us?> I asked.

<I'll be right there, lover.>

"Missy, one of the first things you should do is explore your inner body a little. Tell your brain to look for anything that might be wrong, and to fix it if it finds anything."

"We can do that?"

"Yes, it's really fairly easy. Your body seems to know how things should be, and it can make the repairs without our having to tell it exactly what to do. Bonnie got rid of a cancer that way, and she also had her body change to the way it had been when she was eighteen."

"Can we fix broken bones and things like that?"

"Absolutely. We're not sure about it yet, but we don't think we'll ever get old. Bonnie has told her body to maintain its self at the age of eighteen. Beth, Sharon and I are letting our bodies mature a little before we stop the aging process."

"Are we going to live forever?"

"I don't know Missy. It's possible. I think the only way one of us will die is if we have massive damage to the brain and are not able to repair it before we die."

"This is unbelievable," Missy was saying as Sharon walked into the room.

Sharon was dressed in her usual attire when she was home. In other words she was as naked as the day she was born. She came over to me and snuggled into my lap. She gave me a big kiss and told Missy and I good morning.

"Did you sleep well, Sweety?" I asked.

"Yep, I had the best sleeping potion known to woman," she said as she smiled at Missy.

"So did I Sweety."

"So, what do you think of this mind reading thing Missy?" Sharon asked.

"It's not like I thought it would be. I don't seem to pick up anything unless you think it directly at me."

"You have to make an effort to read someone. Concentrate on me, and tell your brain you want to know what I'm thinking," Sharon told her.

"Oh... Oh my... Oh my God... Now I know what you meant by a sleeping potion."

"That's Okay Missy. I find all three of the women here like to embarrass people. Especially me."

"That's because you're so easy Bro," Beth said as she walked into the room, dressed like Sharon. "Besides, it's a lot harder to embarrass a woman. We're much more practical than men."

"So Missy, does allowing yourself to be brain raped mean you want to be part of the family?" Beth asked.

"I'd hardly call it a brain rape," Missy responded. "Yes, Beth, I would like to be part of this family. I'm not sure about the sexual thing, but Mike assures me it isn't necessary."

"I'm just teasing Missy. You are certainly welcome to the family in whatever capacity you are comfortable with."

"Amen to that," Bonnie said as she came in. She too had adopted the uniform of the day, nudity. "Now we just have to figure out how to fix it so you can live with us."

I explained to the girls about emancipation then said, "Her foster parents may fight it, since it would be a loss of revenue to them. The other alternative is to offer to let the foster parents continue to draw the money for her, but have them let her live here. That way they'd be making money by not having to feed and clothe her. We could even offer to kick in a little extra if we needed to."

"I won't have you guys spending money on me," Missy said.

"I'm sorry. I must be going deaf in my old age," Bonnie said with a smirk. "Didn't I hear Missy say she was accepting membership in this family?"

"That's what I heard, Mom," Beth agreed.

"Yeah, me too, Bonnie," Sharon confirmed.

"That makes it unanimous," I said. "Missy, we had the same argument with Sharon when she came into the family. Family members share alike. Whether it's food or money or whatever."

"I... I guess that makes sense. I'll work for the corporation. I'm not sure how much help I'll be, but I'll try. Can we afford to pay them something?"

Sharon giggled. "Listen, sister. This family can afford it. A couple of weeks ago we were worth a little over two million. As of Friday, it was over three."

Missy's mouth fell open. "I didn't know you guys are rich."

"You're included in that Missy. We share everything."

"But... But..."

"No buts unless they're bare butts," I said. "That's the way it is, so you can either like it or lump it."

Bonnie talked with Betty and Darrel Christoferson that afternoon. She told them we'd like for Missy to live with us. "There are two ways we can do this," she told them.

"What do you mean?" Betty asked.

"I really think Missy is an adult in a sixteen year old body. She was talking about going to court to have herself declared an adult. If she did that, you could probably throw a monkey wrench into the works if you fought it. We know it would be a loss of revenue for you, so we are willing to pay you a sum equivalent to what you would receive for caring for her until her eighteenth birthday. This would be a lump sum, payable when she won her case."

"Okay, what is the other way?"

"That would be for you to continue receiving payment for her care from the state, but she would actually be living with and working for us."

"What would she be doing for you?"

"I am the CEO of MBBS Enterprises. Missy would be doing research for the company scouting out new real estate ventures for our analysts to evaluate."

"It sounds like you're legitimate, but I think we'd like to talk this over. Could we call you tomorrow with an answer?"

"Yes, tomorrow would be fine. Missy will be staying here tonight, so don't worry about her."

Monday, October 18, 1976

Sharon, Beth, Missy, and I were on our way to school Monday morning when I decided to bring up something I'd been thinking about all weekend. "Beth, are you enjoying track as much as you thought you would?" I asked.

"Well... It's Okay. I did enjoy winning at the meet on Saturday."

"Yeah, I guess I did too. It's just that track practice takes up between one and three hours every day. I like to run, but there are a lot of other things I'd like to use the time for as well."

"I know what you mean. At first it was a kick, especially when we got to run together. Now, it just seems like work."

"I've been thinking about dropping out, Sis. You don't have to, but it would give me more time to work on the business."

"Are you serious Bro? I really only stayed with it this long because of you. Do we tell the coach this afternoon?"

"Yeah. He's going to have a cow. We won five of the six races we were in at the meet. He's probably thinking of a state championship right now."

Today, I tested out of Biology. It seemed as easy as the previous two tests I had taken. All I had to do for the rest of the day was have lunch with my love and then beard the coach in his den.

Bonnie came in for a conference with Ms. Richards, and along with Beth, they worked out a schedule for testing her out of her classes. When they had everything worked out, Ms. Richards asked, "Mrs. Green, did a Dr. Cunningham come to see you?"

"No, why do you ask?"

"Well... he was in here about a week ago wanting information about Michael's IQ. He said he was a colleague of Dr. Franks. I told him he would have to get a statement signed by you before I would ask our attorney to approve releasing any information."

"That is strange. I appreciate your refusing to give out information about my family. I can assure you it will be a cold day in a hot place before I sign anything for him."

"That's okay, Mrs. Green. Information about students is confidential. If you change your mind about signing a release, please call me and let me know." Before she left the school, Bonnie stopped by the study hall I was in. She asked the teacher if I could come outside for a family matter, and the teacher agreed since I wasn't really assigned to the class anyway.

<Mike, do you think tonight would be a good time to start our plan for Jim Butterman?>

<I guess it's as good as any. I am still a little worried about it, but I know you're determined.>

We were walking along through the school grounds as we talked mentally. Bonnie took my hand and gave it a squeeze.

<I don't think there's anything to worry about. I'm a big girl and can take care of myself. Besides, by the time he starts making his move, I'm going to have my entire family within a few feet of me.>

<Okay. After lunch I'm going to talk to the coach. Beth and I have decided that track is taking up too much of our time, so we're going to drop it. I'll come home after that, and then we can come back here in the Suburban to pick up the girls after school.>

<Come home as soon after lunch as you can, and you can go to the Jaguar dealer with me.> She had a smile that should have been reported to the communicable disease center as infectious.

<You're gonna do it, huh?>

<Yep.>

<Why don't you have lunch with us? It's only about twenty minutes until it's time for Sharon, Missy and I to eat.>

<That would be fun. Should I tell them I'm getting a new car, or should I wait and let them see it in the driveway?>

<I'd say wait. It'll be a better surprise.>

Lunch was a lot of fun. With three women at the table it was hard for me to get a word in edgewise. We had only been there about ten minutes when I saw Butterman walking across the room. I could see he was going to pass close to us, so I told Bonnie where to look so she could see him.

When Butterman got close to our table, Bonnie laughed loudly. Butterman couldn't help but look at her and when he did Bonnie gave him a big smile, then looked shyly away. Butterman faltered and almost stumbled as noticed her smile first, and then the tops of her magnificent breasts displayed in her peasant blouse.

He caught himself and continued on, but he looked like he'd been gobsmacked. I almost broke out laughing, but Sharon elbowed me in the ribs to shut me up. "Just setting the stage for later," Bonnie said with a big smile. "I think he took the bait. Later I'll just have to set the hook."

"He just saw you sitting with Missy. Isn't that going to cause him to shy away?" I asked.

"I don't think so," Bonnie said thoughtfully. "If it comes up, I'll just say she's a blushing virgin and a bit of a prick tease. If his ego's as big as I think it is, he'll just think he's so irresistible I can't leave him alone."

When Bonnie saw the look on Missy's face she gave her a hug and said, "Missy, you know I don't think you're a prick tease. I'll just say that to set the trap for young Mr. Butterman. We all love our newest family member, and I'd never say or do anything to hurt you."

"I know, Bonnie. I guess I am a bit of a tease though. I like the excitement of coming close to having sex without actually having to go through with the actual act. Having sex scares me."

"Honey, having sex for the first time scares every girl. I know it sure did me. Look, you know we all sleep together, and we all have sex together. Any time you'd like, you can come in and watch. Making love can be exciting, it can be very loving, or it can be very passionate. If it's truly making love instead of just fucking, even the passionate times are loving experiences."

"That's what Sharon and Beth tell me. It's just that the closest I ever came to actually doing it was with Jim. With him I didn't have a choice. He said we were going to do it. He didn't ask and he didn't seem to care if I wanted it or not. I was scared and instead of trying to help me overcome my fear, he just tried to force me."

"Sweety, you never have to worry about anyone in our family forcing you to do anything. Bonnie is right, you can come in and watch any time you want. That way you'll get to see just how badly these women abuse me," I said with as straight a face as I could hold.

This time I got an elbow from Sharon and a kick under the table from Bonnie. I also got a big smile from Missy.

I was right. The coach was furious. Bonnie went in with me to see him, and I was very glad she had. "What the fuck do you mean, you're dropping out of track? You and your sister have been to one meet and you tore them up. I know it's not the workouts because neither one of you seem to be all that tired at the end of them."

"No, coach. It's just that I have a lot of commitments at home that I need to take care of," I told him. "It's the time involved more than anything else."

"What kind of commitments can a sixteen year old have? You need to make a commitment to yourself to make the most of yourself that you can."

I could tell Bonnie was furious. I hadn't introduced her when we came in so he didn't really know who she was. She gave him a look that would have stripped paint and said, "Mike's commitment is to our family business. For your information Mike has made a little over three million dollars for the family in the last four months. How's that for a sixteen year old. How much money have you made during that time? By the way, I'm Mike's mother. I wouldn't let him run for you for any reason."

"I'm sorry Mrs. Green. I didn't realize who you were. What's this about three million dollars?"

"Mike has a knack for picking stocks that are about to grow. I don't know how he does it, but he can read the financial pages, and analyze the different stocks. He's right about eighty percent of the time. He even enjoys doing it, but he needs time to read. He hopes to retire by the time he's twenty."

"Retired at twenty? That's unbelievable. Okay, Mike. I'll let you guys out, but I am going to ask all of the other coaches to refuse to let you play on any of their teams."

"That's fine," Bonnie told him. "Mike is going to be graduating at the end of this semester anyway."

Bonnie had been all business when we went to the Volkswagen dealership to buy Beth's car. You might even say she was giddy as she ran from model to model in the Jaguar dealership. She looked over at me with a big smile as she leaned up against a low, sleek XJR 12 cylinder racing model. "How do I look?" she asked.

"You look fantastic as always, Bonnie. The car doesn't look bad either. Is that what you're interested in, or are you more interested in one of the coupes?"

"Oh, this is the one. I get wet just thinking about driving it."

I laughed at her enthusiasm. "Sweety, you get wet pealing potatoes. It is a beauty though."

No one came to talk with us, so I finally went over to an office and asked a salesman for some help. "My mother is interested in buying a new car. Could you give her some help please, or should be try a dealership in a different town?"

"I'm sorry," a very British sounding salesman said. "I thought you were just a couple of kids looking over the fancy cars. Is that your mother? She looks so young."

"Yes it is my mother and yes she does look young. I hope you can help her. This has been a lifelong dream of hers and I'd like to see it come true."

The salesman actually turned out to be very nice. He and Bonnie discussed options, pricing, and availability. I could see her face fall when he told her that to get one equipped just the way she wanted it, it would take approximately three months.

"Oh, I was hoping to have it before that," she told him, her disappointment apparent even to him.

"Well, we do have one coming in that is almost like you're wanting. The only difference is in the color of the upholstery. A man ordered it and his wife called in a couple of weeks ago to tell us he'd been killed in an auto accident. She says she has no use for it. The vehicle is due in next week."

Bonnie decided that the color of the upholstery wasn't that important, so she would take the one coming in. Bonnie worked out the best deal she could and wrote the man a check.

We had a little time to kill before we went to pick up the girls so I decided to look at the Wall Street Journal to see if I could pick up anything new. It seemed like every time I looked at the paper I saw something that reminded me of something that made me want to invest in one or more companies.

Bonnie was reading when the telephone rang. She answered it, and within a few minutes she came in to tell me about the call.

<That was the Christofersons about Missy.>

I looked at her inquiringly but said nothing.

<They're willing to give Missy up... if the price is right.>

<What do you mean?> I knew deep down, but I didn't want to believe it.

<They said they won't fight her emancipation if we pay them a lump sum of $100,000.00. I explained to them that they wouldn't get more than five thousand during the rest of the time she'd be staying with them from the state, and that they'd have to feed and clothe her as well. The guy just laughed and said if we wanted her, we'd pay his price.>

<Bastard!>

<You got that right. I don't know if his wife was there or not, but he told me he thought Missy was a hot little piece and that he had been planning to make her one of their special children for a while. He said we'd just be compensating him for the loss of her pussy.>

<Bonnie, my first reaction is to go over there and cut his cock off. That probably wouldn't do any of us much good though, so what do you think we should do?>

<I'm not sure. I'm going to call Phil Shelton (our attorney) and see what he'd suggest.>

Bonnie went away and made her call. She was gone almost half an hour and looked very disturbed when she came back.

<Phil doesn't think the emancipation will fly if the Christofersons fight it. He said the court would need evidence that Missy was capable of taking care of herself without becoming a burden to the state. The fact we are giving her a job would help, but she would be able to show little or no time on the job, so the court wouldn't be able to determine if she'd hold the job or not. If the Christofersons gave her a good reference, saying she was stable and reliable, it would go through. If they said she was a scatter brain who went from one thing to another, it would not be allowed.>

<So, how do we get the bastards to change their minds? If we paid them the money, there's no guarantee they'd live up to their end of the bargain.>

<Well. Phil says he's going to have an investigator he works with check them out. He said the guy will be checking to find out if there's anything to the "Special Children" that Christoferson mentioned. If there is, we can go to court and sue for custody.>

<What do we do with Missy while we're waiting for the investigator?>

<I told Christoferson it would take a week or two to come up with that much money. He said she could stay with us until then.>

<So, we wait until we hear from Phil?>

<Yes and no. We wait, but while we do, I think we need to visit the Christoferson residence at night, while they're sleeping. I think we need to probe them, then if we find anything, we can feed some hints to Phil's investigator.>

<Now, that's a great idea.>
Chapter 11 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 10 |   Bottom
Chapter 11
Posted: November 20, 2003 - 05:26:07 pm

We picked up the girls at school and headed over to Betty's. None of us were hungry at this hour so we shared a few orders of fries, fried mushrooms, and onion rings. Bonnie explained to the girls what Christoferson had said, then asked, "Missy, what was he talking about when he mentioned his 'Special Children'?"

"I'm not sure. The other girls there are very friendly with him. Sarah is fourteen and she's always sitting on his lap. Annie is nine. She sits on his lap a lot too, and holds his hand all the time."

"Did he ever come on to you sexually?"

"All the time. At least that's the way I took it. He'd smack my bottom if I had to walk by him. Sometimes he'd tell me what nice big boobies I was getting. He asked me several times if I'd like to take a shower with him, then he'd pass it off as if he was just joking. Mrs. Christoferson asked me several times if I was fucking any of the boys at school yet. He is the main reason I'm afraid of sex. He always made me feel dirty."

"Well, we're going to fix his ass," I told her. "Our lawyer has an investigator checking him out right now. We're going to do a little detecting of our own too."

"He really wants a hundred thousand dollars to let me out of there?"

"Yes," Bonnie told her. "He said your pussy was worth that much to him."

"Missy, we'd have paid it, because you, as a person, are worth that to us. We just don't think he'll live up to his end of the deal," I told her.

Missy was blushing all over when she said, "So, you're saying my pussy is worth that much to you?" She had a sly smile and I could see she really wasn't offended.

"I should turn you over my knee and spank you right here in front of all of these people," I told her in mock rage. "I said you, as a person, are worth it. You're worth it to us if you never have sex with us. You're worth it because you are a good person."

"I knew what you meant," she said, still blushing. "I was just teasing. I don't think you have to worry about me never making love to you guys though. It'll happen. I just have to get over my hangups."

"Guys!" Beth broke in. "There's Butterman."

He'd just walked in the door and was looking around. He saw a couple of his buddies and walked over toward them. As he was passing our table, he ignored Missy completely, but fixed on Bonnie.

Bonnie gave him a big smile again and I thought for a moment he was going to stop. He kept walking, but he smiled and winked at her.

<Egotistical bastard, > Bonnie said mentally.

<So what do we do next?> I asked.

<I'm not sure, > Bonnie said. <Let's give it a while and see what happens.>

We sat there talking for nearly an hour before Butterman finally got up with his buddies and left.

<Okay, I guess today was a bust, > I said. <If we come back tomorrow, it'll have to be later. I know he has football practice tomorrow after school.>

<That's Okay, Mike. It's probably better he sees me around for a while before he asks me out. Maybe I'll have lunch with you guys again tomorrow.>

All of us agreed that would be a fine idea. When we got home, I remembered the financial news I'd been reading earlier. "Bonnie, you need to call our broker in the morning. I have another hot stock for you."

"Oh yeah? What is that?"

"It's a company called Fibercon. If my memory serves me right, this is just about the time they announce a breakthrough in fiber optics. I'd say let's put a hundred thousand in it."

"Mike, it doesn't even bother me to spend a hundred thousand at your say so. I'll give them a call first thing."

Bonnie and I lay around the pool while the girls fixed dinner. After a while, Sharon came out and perched herself on my lap. I put my arms around her and she snuggled in close. "Dinner will be ready in about fifteen minutes," she told us.

"Gee, I thought you had just brought me my dinner," I said as I began nibbling on her ear.

"Why don't you have me for dessert?"

"Oh, I plan to," I said as I began kissing down her neck. When I got to her shoulder I started taking little nibbles and she started squirming.

"Oooommmmm," she moaned.

"Get a room," Bonnie said just as Beth and Missy came out.

"You'd just be in there watching," Beth told her mother.

"I would not!" Bonnie exclaimed. "I'd be nibbling the other side of her neck."

Dinner was a lot of fun. Everyone had gotten into a teasing mood, so the girls were teased about the food they had prepared. I was teased about how much I was eating.

Later, Missy went to bed in Beth's room and the rest of us retired to Bonnie's. Sharon and I had been working each other up all evening, and going to bed didn't change anything. I was kissing Sharon's face and neck and ears with a thousand little kisses, while she moaned and stroked my neck and back.

Bonnie and Beth were beside us working on their own mutual arousal when I saw Missy tentatively edge herself into the room. I told Bonnie we had an audience, and she invited Missy over to sit on the bed.

By now, I had worked my way down to Sharon's breasts, and wasn't paying any attention to Missy at all. I kissed, licked, nibbled, and sucked on Sharon's breasts until they were both glistening, and her body was moving restlessly under me.

I worked my way down leaving a trail of arousal, stopping briefly at her belly button, until I reached Sharon's pubic fleece. I pulled her downy hair into my mouth with my lips and gently pulled on it. I kept this up until she was moaning and trying to force my mouth closer to her center.

When I did move, I bypassed her pussy completely. I kissed down the crease where her thigh meets her pussy then spent a long time kissing and licking her inner thighs.

I put my hands behind her knees and lifted her legs until they were nearly touching her breasts, then I started nibbling on the exposed cheeks of her ass. This was more than Sharon could take, so she locked her fingers in my hair and screamed, "Eat me you son-of-a- bitch!"

I finally had mercy on her and granted her wish. I started by pulling the left, outer lip of her pussy into my mouth. My lips were locked around her lip, and I slowly laved it with my tongue while applying suction. When I felt the time was right I switched to her right lip and repeated the process.

Sharon was moaning and mumbling incoherently as I finally used my thumbs to pull her lips apart. I then treated each of her inner lips much as I had the outer ones. Her honey was dripping from her vagina so I used my tongue and lips to pull in as much as I could. I kissed her where her inner lips join together and then looked at the wondrous sight before me, before I pressed my tongue inside her as far as it would go.

Sharon shuddered through a major orgasm as my tongue invaded her pussy for the first time. I stayed with her as she thrashed around on the bed by grasping her butt cheeks in both hands. I kissed and licked gently until she started to come down, then I began gently working upward to her fully extended clitoris.

The little man-in-the-boat was standing tall and I knew it would be hyper sensitive, so I ran my tongue around it in circles, barely touching it with the edges of my tongue. Sharon was quickly building toward another climax and I knew she wanted more when she started trying to press my head further into her womanhood.

I pulled her little morsel between my lips and started a side to side chewing motion. Sharon screamed her way through another major orgasm, while I held her little bud between my lips.

I didn't let her come down very far from her peak before I inserted a finger into her vagina. I moved it gently in and out as I started flicking her clit with the tip of my tongue. She was immediately building to another climax, and as she neared her peak, I slipped my very wet finger out and gently pushed it into her little rosebud.

The world stopped. Sharon thrashed and screamed, then went totally limp. This climax had been too much for her, and she passed out. I moved up beside her and cradled her in my arms, wanting her to feel loved and protected when she woke up.

I finally noticed Missy perched on the edge of the bed. When I looked at her she asked, "What happened? Is she okay?"

"She's fine Missy. Her last orgasm was just a little too much for her. Would you do me a favor and get a warm, damp wash cloth from the bathroom?"

Missy was back shortly and I took the wash cloth from her. "I've never seen anything like that," she said. "Hell, I've never even dreamed of anything like that."

I smiled and said, "Sharon is a very passionate young lady." I used the wash cloth to wipe the sweat from Sharon's lovely face, then from her breasts and torso. I was lightly cleaning her pussy when her eyelids fluttered, then opened.

Sharon looked at me wide eyed for a few seconds then said in little more than a whisper, "That was a first. I never passed out before."

"Did you have a nice little nap?" I smiled.

"Wonderful," she said as she stretched, "It was a fantastic way to go to sleep, and a fantastic way to wake up."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," I said.

"Enjoyed it? If I'd enjoyed it any more, I probably wouldn't have woken up at all."

I kissed her gently, and she sighed and snuggled in for a few minutes. Eventually her hand found my erection and wrapped around it. "What have we here?" she asked.

"It's nothing to worry about if you're too wiped out," I told her.

"I'm never too wiped out for that," she told me. "I think I know just the place to put it."

"You do? My but you're a greedy little girl."

She giggled. "I'll show you how much of a little girl I am," she said as she pushed me onto my back, then mounted me.

"Aahh. You want to play cowgirl, huh?"

"Damned straight. I'm gonna ride this pony until he falls over from exhaustion."

She started moving up and down on me, gently rubbing her clit in my pubic hair on each downstroke. I had become so excited eating my sweet lover that I knew it wouldn't be long before I climaxed.

"Sweety, I don't know how long I'm going to last. You feel so good to me, I just can't take it."

"That's okay, lover. I'm right with you. Let it go whenever you're ready."

I was right. Within a couple of minutes I could feel myself building toward release. I think it must have been my first spurt that triggered Sharon's orgasm, as she was right with me. When we were finished, she collapsed on top of me. I held her and kissed her hair and stroked her back while we wound down.

Finally I looked over and saw Bonnie and Beth staring at me.

"I'm jealous," Beth said. "You haven't made me pass out in a long while."

"Sorry little one," I said. "We just really seemed to click tonight."

"It was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen," Bonnie told us. "I know you guys are in love, but something like this really shows how much you love each other."

I heard a muffled "Amen" from Sharon, then Beth, Bonnie, and Missy were giggling.

"Is it always that good?" Missy asked.

"It is always fantastic," Bonnie told her, "But, I've never seen anything that intense."

"It looked like you two were enjoying yourselves too," Missy said to Bonnie and Beth.

"Oh, Mom's good," Beth told her, "But there's nothing like having Mike's cock up my puss."

"My daughter is such a lady," Bonnie laughed. "Seriously, Missy, girl/girl sex is fun, but unless you're a complete lesbian, there is nothing like girl/boy loving."

"Amen," Sharon mumbled again.

I rolled Sharon off me on the opposite side from Bonnie and kissed her eyes, nose, and lips. She turned toward me and laid her head on my right shoulder.

"I think my love and I are going to sleep," I told the rest of them.

"Missy, would you like to sleep in here with us?" Bonnie asked. "There's plenty of room on the bed."

Missy hesitated for a few seconds then pulled off her nightgown and snuggled in behind Sharon. I don't know about the rest of them, but I never opened my eyes until bladder pressure forced me to abandon my cozy nook in the morning.

Tuesday, October 19, 1976

It was about a half hour before we had to be up for school when I had to go to the bathroom. After finishing my business and brushing my teeth, I went down to the kitchen and started a pot of coffee.

The pot had just finished and I was getting my first cup when Missy came unsteadily into the room. I told her good morning and asked if she'd like a cup. When she nodded, I retrieved a cup for her, filled it, and set it in front of her.

"Thank you," she said, then sat there silently for a few minutes.

I let her sit without disturbing her.

"Thank you for letting me watch last night too. I know last night was special, but are you always that loving with Bonnie and Beth too?"

"I try to be. Sometimes, a man or a woman's need is so great that all they want is the mechanical act. All of us have been in that situation at one time or another. What I like best though is like it was last night. Two people in love and sharing their love. It is the most fulfilling experience a person can have."

"What I saw last night was not fucking. It was making love. Are you in love with Beth and Bonnie too?"

"Yes, I am. It is a little different with them, but I am definitely in love with them. It would be difficult to share your mind with someone and not be in love with them."

"Are you saying you all are going to fall in love with me and I'm going to fall in love with all of you?"

"Once you start fully sharing your mind with all of us, then, yes. I'm sure that will happen."

"And you guys included me, knowing that was going to happen?"

"I guess you could say that. There's nothing strange about it though. You are smart, pretty, and you already had the ability to some extent anyway. I think it's more that we knew what the consequences were and were willing to accept them."

Missy was still thinking about this when my three lovlies came in, all of them wearing what they slept in. Nothing. Sharon came directly to me and parked herself in my lap. She mumbled something then turned her face up to be kissed. I did what she wanted with pleasure.

We talked and teased for a while then I asked Sharon if she'd like to take a shower with me. She agreed so I picked up my cup and took a last sip of coffee.

Before I could get up, Missy came over and gave me a soft kiss on the lips. "I think you're right," she said before going back to her seat. It took a minute for me to connect what she said.

As we were going into school, I saw Ms. Richards going up the walk, so I ran to catch up with her. "Good Morning Ms. Richards," I said as I came abreast of her. "How are you this morning?"

"I'm fine Mike. How are you doing?"

"I'm okay. Ms. Richards, I am scheduled to take the government test on Monday, and I was wondering if I could take the Physics test as well."

"Is that going to give you enough time to study, Mike?"

"I'm really finished with my studying for government. I've read the book through and through. I would like to borrow a physics book though."

"I'll tell you what, Mike. Stop back after lunch and I'll give you a physics book. On Monday morning, if you say you're ready for the test, I'll give it to you. If you're not ready, I'll postpone it."

"That would be great, Ms. Richards. I really want to thank you for all of your help. I know we got off to a rocky start, but you've made things easier for my whole family over the last few weeks and I really appreciate it."

"That's all right, Mike. I'm just doing my job. Actually I'm doing my job better than I have in years. Oh, by the way. When it's just you and me, please call me Thelma."

"I'd like that, Thelma. Now, I'd better run or I'm going to be late for class."

I took off like the proverbial bat, and made it into government class before the second bell.

"Good morning Dr. Cunningham," Thelma said as the man entered her office for the second time. "What can I do for you this morning?"

"You asked for a release signed by Mrs. Green," he said as he handed her a sheet of paper. It was well worded and carried a signature. It had been signed four days before.

"Okay, Dr. Cunningham, hang on a second while I call our attorney and make sure I'm right on this."

He nodded and Thelma picked up the phone and dialed. "This is Thelma Richards at the high school," she said when someone answered. "I have a Dr. Cunningham here in my office with a release signed by a student's mother authorizing me to turn over confidential information about the student to the doctor. The only problem is, Officer Clifton, the document is forged. I talked to the mother yesterday and she said she hadn't and wouldn't sign the paper. It was supposed to have been signed four days ago."

When the word "forged" came out of her mouth, Cunningham was up and heading out the door. Thelma hung up without saying anything further. She had dialed 'Dial a Prayer'.

Bonnie did join us for lunch, and we had fun, as usual. Missy was all excited and asked when we were going to do the spy thing on her foster parents. "It depends on whether Butterman takes the bait tonight or not," Bonnie told her. "If he does, we'll do him tonight and the Christofersons tomorrow night. If not, we'll switch and do the Christofersons tonight. I would like to get any info we find out to Phil as soon as possible."

"What time do they go to bed?" I asked Missy.

"On week nights, the kids have to be in bed by 10:00 PM. They usually go to bed shortly after that."

When lunch was over, I walked the girls to their next class. I was free for the rest of the day, so all I was going to do was pick up my physics book then go home.

When we got to their classroom, Sharon gave me one of her toe curling kisses. When she finished, Missy stepped up and gave me one that was nearly as good.

<Did you see that>? I asked Sharon.

<mental giggle> <I most certainly did. Should I be jealous?>

<No way, swivel hips. You know I love you with all of my heart.>

<Yes I do Mike. I love you too and I was just kidding.>

<Did I tell you that Ms. Richards wants me to call her Thelma now?>

<That slut! She's older than Bonnie. I'll scratch her eyes out.>

<Hold it Slugger. It seemed like she was just wanting to be a friend, not like she was coming on to me or something.>

<Well you let me know if she does come on to you and I'll scratch her eyes out then.>

<Okay Champ. I will.>

<Shut up now Mike. My teacher is looking at me funny.>

I stopped by Ms. Richards office and she gave me a big smile as I came in. "Hi Thelma. Do you have that physics book for me?"

"I sure do, Mike. Sit down. I'd like to talk with you for a minute."

I took a seat across from her and she went on. "Please tell your mother that Dr. Cunningham was back today with something he said she'd signed. I pretended I was calling the police, and he took off."

"Who's Cunningham?"

"I told your mother about him. He was wanting information on your IQ scores. I told him he needed a release signed by your mother before I would give him anything."

"And he was back today saying Mom had signed a release?"

"Yes, but like I said, he took off without getting what he wanted."

"Thank you for not giving him anything Thelma. I'm sure Mom will appreciate it too."

"You know Mike you have been doing very well on your tests. I just wanted to tell you again how sorry I am that we got off to such a bad start. It was all my fault. I guess I had just fallen into that trap where you go into work every day do the same old things and go home at night. You and your sister woke me up. I think I'm going to enjoy my job a lot more now, because I'll be looking for kids to help rather than just getting through the day."

"Thelma, I'm happy if we could help. I think my father had fallen into the same kind of trap before he had his accident. Mom tells me that they had seemed to be growing apart from lack of trying rather than from anything being really wrong."

"That's the kind of thing I'm talking about. In my case it was a work thing rather than a relationship thing. Relationships are one thing I don't have to worry about. My husband left me seven years ago and I haven't even dated since."

"Maybe that's part of the problem, Thelma. You're still young enough and pretty enough to have any man you'd want. You should go out there and find someone who will appreciate you for who you are."

She let out a big sigh. "Oh well. It sounds good, but I'm not attracted to very many men, and the ones I am attracted to are out of my reach for one reason or another. Anyway, thanks for listening, Mike. Here's the physics book. Remember to tell me if you're ready or not."

I got up and laid my hand on her shoulder. "Think about what I said, Thelma. You really are a pretty woman, and definitely an intelligent one. Any man should be happy to have you."

She smiled and took my hand and squeezed it. "I'll think about it Mike. Thank you for your kind words."

Although my outward appearance didn't show it, I was very confused. Was she saying she was attracted to me? Was she just letting her hair down and being vulnerable to a friend? I hoped I had helped her without leading her on in any case. I figured I'd repeat the conversation to Bonnie when I got home. If anyone could figure it out, she would be the one to do it.
Chapter 12 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 11 |   Bottom
Chapter 12
Posted: November 22, 2003 - 04:14:56 pm

I repeated both conversations with Ms. Richards to Bonnie exactly as they had occurred.

"Mike, this Cunningham character scares me. Ms. Richards said he introduced himself as a doctor and said he was a colleague of Dr. Franks. I don't think a doctor would be bringing a forged document in to get information. He'd go through the proper channels."

"I agree with you Bonnie. There is something wrong about him. Thelma tells me she has removed mine and Beth's files from the cabinet they were in and hid them. She says they are someplace no one will find them, so I don't think he'll get anything through the school. I'll ask Thelma to call Dr. Franks tomorrow and warn him what his colleague is up to."

"I guess that's about all we can do. I sure would like to know who he is and what he wants the information for."

We sat in silence for a few minutes then I asked, "So, what do you think, Bonnie? Is Thelma coming on to me?"

"My first reaction is to say yes. Then again, she may be impressed by your IQ and be asking for advice. I'd say to just let her take the initiative and see what comes up. I'm sure she's not going to try to rape you or anything, so let her make the moves. At any rate, you gave her some good advice, so you have nothing to feel bad about."

"Thank you, Bonnie. I just don't want to get into an awkward situation where someone gets hurt."

"You don't have much of a choice, Mike. If she opens herself up to being hurt, just try to ease her down as easily as possible."

"Thanks lovely lady. I knew I could count on you for some good advice."

I picked up the girls after school and brought them home. We sat on the patio for a little over an hour, munching on chips and drinking sodas. When I thought it was about time football practice was letting out, we all got in the Suburban and went to Betty's.

We were hungry so we ordered two large pizzas. That took a few minutes for everyone to agree on toppings. The pizzas had just arrived and we were digging in when Butterman came in. Bonnie gave him a big smile again, and this time she said, "Hi."

"Hi yourself, pretty girl," Butterman answered. "You must be new here. I haven't seen you around school much."

"Yes, I am new. I just started here this week. I'm Bonnie, by the way."

"Well, hello Bonnie. I'm Jim Butterman."

"Oh I know who you are. Everyone knows the captain of the football team."

"Look Bonnie, I have to meet some friends right now, but would you want to go out with me tomorrow night?"

"That would be nice, Jim. Why don't you meet me here at 7:00 tomorrow night. I'll be looking forward to it."

He left us with a smirk and never a glance at Missy. "This guy is a jerk," I said to no one in particular. "If he felt bad about how things went with Missy he'd have told her so. I still want to cut his dick off. Would you like to start your collection with his cock Sharon?"

"No way lover. It's hard to tell what kind of disease he might have. If you do cut it off, be sure to wear rubber gloves, and dispose of it where innocent people won't be contaminated."

"You wouldn't want it for a cocksickle then?"

"I wouldn't suck it with someone else's mouth," Sharon said.

"Calm down guys," Bonnie went into mother mode. "I don't want anyone else hearing you."

I blushed. "I'm sorry Bonnie. I guess I wouldn't either."

They all laughed at me, but everyone knew what I meant. We finished our pizzas and took off. As we got into the car I asked, "Are we going to pay a visit to the Christofersons tonight?"

"I think tonight would be a fine night for a visit," Bonnie agreed. "Let's plan on leaving the house around 10:30."

"Awh gee. I planned to be in bed by then," I teased.

"Michael, you can postpone your libidinous thoughts until after our visit," Bonnie told me. "Since you've tested out of all of your Monday, Wednesday, and Friday classes, you don't even have to go to school tomorrow."

"Yes Mommie," I said as I wheeled the car into our driveway.

We killed time until Bonnie said we should leave for Missy's foster parents. I took the time to go through the business news, but didn't see anything interesting.

When we pulled up in front of the Christoferson house, it was dark. Evidently we had timed it just right. Missy wasn't sure of what to do, so we showed her how to link her mind with ours. Bonnie led the way, and we invaded Darrel first. God what a quagmire. This man was a slime bucket and the state allowed him to be a foster parent.

Not only was this guy having sex with the fourteen year old girl and the nine year old girl who were staying with him now, he had had sex with nearly every young girl who had stayed with them over the last twenty years. Fortunately for us, he had kept a pictorial record of most of his conquests.

Betty was just as bad as her husband. She had participated in seducing or raping the young girls, one was only six years old. She had been his photographer and had choreographed many of the scenes they had set up. She loved to watch her husband fuck a girl while she rode her face.

They had a special room in their basement behind a panel with bondage equipment and photographic equipment. This was also where all of their special pictures were stored.

"God! What a pair!" I said. "So, what do we do now?"

"I guess we give the information to Phil," Bonnie said.

"I have an idea," Missy said.

"What is it?" Bonnie asked.

"What if I went to the police and told them the Christofersons had tried to rape me. I could say they dragged me to this room in the basement but that I'd gotten away."

"It could work," I said, "but you'd have to have a pretty detailed story. They'll ask you questions for hours and try to mess up your story."

"I know that," Missy agreed. "If you guys stayed in my mind and helped me though, they shouldn't be able to shake me."

"That would be some pretty close mental contact Sweety. Are you ready for that?" Bonnie asked.

"Yes, I'm very ready for that."

"Okay, we need to find out a good time that this is supposed to have happened," I said. "That means we need to go back into these sick minds to find a time when they were alone. We can look at tonight first. If we're lucky we won't have to go any further."

"I agree," Bonnie told us. "It is a very brave thing you're going to do, Missy."

"Bonnie, I have to do something to help those other girls. If I let it go on I'd hate myself."

We went back in. Oh God help me! I wanted to go in and kill both of them. I wanted it bad. I know Sharon could sense that. She took my hand and held it while we made our entry.

We were lucky. Tonight had been a quiet evening for them. The girls who were staying there had gotten into trouble for fighting and had been sent to bed at 8:00. The two boys had been out playing basketball until 10:00 and had just made it in before they had to be in bed. That left a two hour window during which Missy could say it had happened.

We went home, and as I drove we all offered suggestions as to how it could have happened. "We need to keep things as near to the truth as we can," I said. "We can say I drove Missy over here to pick up some things she needed. We can say I waited in the car while she tried to get what she wanted. We can say the Christofersons didn't know I was waiting in the car."

"Those are all true statements," Bonnie said. "Now though we have to deviate from it a little."

By the time we got home we had a pretty convincing tale made up for Missy to tell. We all knew every detail of the story, and with all of us helping each other it would be pretty hard to shake.

"The only problem I see with it is the lack of physical evidence," Bonnie said. "I'm not sure an accusation is enough to get a search warrant."

"You're right," I said. "I hadn't thought of that."

"If Mike could take me back over there," Missy said. "I could go in and get a picture or two from the room."

"That's a good idea Missy," Bonnie said, "but, let's all go. You and Mike can go in the house and the rest of us will monitor everyone else in the house and make sure they stay asleep."

I was pulling back out of our driveway even as she spoke. Missy opened the door with her key when we got there and she and I went into the house. We turned on lights as we needed them, knowing no one was going to notice.

The basement was paneled, and we knew just which panel to press on to gain entry. The pictures were in an unlocked filing cabinet, and we went through them until we found a couple we could use. One showed Darrel sodomizing a girl who couldn't have been more than eight or nine years old. In another, Betty was holding a little girl down while Darrel screwed her. The look on the girls face brought tears to my eyes.

We turned out the lights and left. When we got back to the house, we decided we should go in to the police station to make the complaint. We decided Missy needed some bruises to prove her point, so I lightly grasped her right arm and Bonnie did the same to her left. We caused non-painful bruises to form where our fingers made contact. I then caused a large bruise to form around her right eye, giving her one heck of a shiner.

"Honey, if someone touches one of your bruises you need to flinch and say ouch or something like it hurts," I told Missy.

"Maybe we should let them hurt Mike. I want this to be realistic. I can stand a little pain to put these two away."

After some argument, we finally agreed. The bruises were impressive by the time we reached police headquarters.

We talked to a desk sergeant first and then he called in a detective. The detective introduced himself as Detective Morris. We introduced ourselves and he asked Missy what had happened.

"Mike took me over to my foster parent's place tonight to pick up some things I needed. I'm filing for manumission and I've been staying with Bonnie until everything gets straightened out. I work for Bonnie at MBBS Enterprises."

"Okay, I was wondering what your relationship was to these people. Mike, are you Bonnie's son?"

"Yes sir," I said.

"Go on Missy," Morris encouraged.

"Mr. Christoferson has been making passes at me for quite a while. That is the main reason I am filing for manumission. I thought I'd be safe with Mike waiting in the car, but I guess I forgot to tell them he was waiting."

She paused and took a sip of water. "As soon as I got inside, Mr. Christoferson grabbed me and said it was time I learned a lesson. I tried to pull away, but his wife grabbed my other arm. They dragged me down to the basement and opened up this secret room that they have. I was scared to death because there were all kinds of strange looking things in the room."

"What kinds of things, Missy?"

"Well, you know sometimes you see in an old movie where they have someone chained to the wall? They had those things. They also had handcuffs and I think you call them leg irons. The had blindfolds and whips. I was starting to panic."

Missy took another sip of water. "Mrs. Christoferson pulled some pictures out of a cabinet and said that they were going to do this to me. She said they had fun with all of their girls and it was time I did my share. I started to cry and Mr. Christoferson hit me in the eye."

Missy sobbed for a few minutes then Morris asked, "How did you get away from them Missy?"

"I guess Mike had gotten tired of waiting because the doorbell rang. Mr. Christoferson whirled around and I broke loose and ran. I grabbed a couple of the pictures and was up the stairs before they even realized I was running."

"Did you bring the pictures with you Missy?" you could hear the excitement in Morris' voice when he asked.

Missy opened her purse and handed the pictures to the detective. His eyes grew wide and then he grinned. "I'm not grinning about what's in the pictures, Missy. I'm grinning because we're going to hang the bastards. Did they touch you sexually or anything like that?"

"No sir. They just grabbed my arms and Mr. Christoferson hit me. Mrs. Christoferson had just picked up some handcuffs when Mike rang the bell."

"Missy, you are a very brave young lady for coming in like this. I'm going to try to make this as easy on you as possible. I will need for you to see a doctor though, and they will take some pictures of your bruising. I'll also need for you and Mike to come in tomorrow to talk with an assistant DA. He'll want you to make a deposition stating what happened."

"We'll do that detective. Do I need to see a specific doctor?"

"Yes. Missy. I'll have a uniformed officer take you to the hospital. They'll know what to do. I'll make an appointment with the DA and call you in the morning about that."

"So what happens now?" Bonnie asked.

"As soon as you guys leave for the hospital, I'm going to wake up a judge and get a search warrant. With luck, I'll have it within the hour, and a few minutes after that about twenty people are going to be knocking on the Christoferson's door. I'll be in front of all of them."

"Detective Morris, when you go into the basement, turn right. Mr. Christoferson pressed in on the top right of the second panel and it popped open."

"Thank you Missy. I wish all of the people who come in were as intelligent as you are. You just saved me a lot of time, and maybe preserved some evidence we'd have destroyed if we'd of had to break it down."

Morris made a phone call and within a few minutes a young officer appeared. Morris explained what was needed and told him we were free to go after Missy had seen the doctor.

Bonnie rode with Missy in the patrol car and I followed in the Suburban. <Sharon, Beth, can you hear me?> I called.

<Yes lover, > Sharon responded. <What's going on?>

I explained everything that had happened, and then said, <I hate to do this to you guys. I know it's 2:35 AM. We have no idea when we're going to get out of here, and Morris says they're going to be raiding the Christoferson house within the hour. Could you guys go over and park about a block away so you can listen in on what is happening?>

<God, I wouldn't miss that for the world!> Beth said.

It didn't take nearly as long at the hospital as I thought it would. Within an hour we were on our way to the Christoferson house. Just before we pulled up behind Beth, we heard, <They're here. They're starting the raid.>

<We're right behind you Sweety, > I told her.

We were watching through Mr. Christoferson's eyes and listening through his ears as he made his way to the door to answer the loud pounding. He was pissed, and was going to give someone a piece of his mind.

His attitude changed abruptly to one of fear when he opened the door and detective Morris pushed his way inside. "Darrel Christoferson, you are under arrest for the assault and attempted rape of Melissa Silvers," Morris said. He went on to read Christoferson his rights and asked if he understood them.

"But, I didn't... ," Christoferson tried to say, but Morris cut him off.

"We have a warrant to search your home, Mr. Christoferson. First I want everyone in the house in the living room."

One of the officers handcuffed Christoferson, and two officers went upstairs to round up everyone else. They placed Mrs. Christoferson under arrest when they had her with her husband.

The search of the house didn't take long. They found a few pictures in the master bedroom. These by themselves would have been enough to have put the pair away for life. What they found in the basement would take days even to catalog.

"I don't think we have to worry about them any more," I said. "I think they're going away for a long time."

"From what I picked up from Morris, they'll never see the outside world again," Bonnie agreed.

"Ladies, it's almost 5:00 AM. What do you say we go and get some sleep?"

When we got back to the house, Bonnie called the school and left a message on the answering machine telling them that Beth, Sharon, and Missy would be out due to a family emergency. All of us except Missy headed to Bonnie's room and started undressing. I had just slid in under the covers with Beth on one side and Sharon on the other when Missy came in.

"Do you mind if I sleep in here with you guys tonight?" she asked.

"Not at all," Bonnie told her as Sharon slid closer to me to make room.

I was cuddled up to Sharon's back with one arm over her, caressing her breast. When Missy got in, she slid close to Sharon and gave her a light kiss on the lips. She then turned on her back, pulled my hand from Sharon's breast, and placed it on her own.

It felt nice, but I was feeling guilty. <Sharon, my love, do you mind?>

<No lover. I knew this would happen soon. Enjoy. I plan to when she's ready for me.>

<Thank you love, > I said as I began to caress Missy's left breast.

I fell asleep with her large firm nipple pressing into my palm.

Wednesday, October 20, 1976

I awoke first this morning. Sometime during the night I had released my hold on Missy and was now cuddling one of Sharon's bountiful boobs again. I slipped out of bed without waking anyone and did my duty in the bathroom. I went down to the kitchen and started a pot of coffee then made a phone call.

"Ms. Richards speaking," I heard when she answered.

"Hi Thelma, this is Mike Green."

"Oh, hi Mike. How are you doing?"

"I'm doing pretty good Thelma. I really called about Beth, Sharon Mayhew, and Melissa Silvers."

"I heard they weren't in school today, Mike. Something about a family emergency?"

I explained to her what had happened, at least what we told the police had happened. When I finished I could tell she was totally shocked.

When she had her wits about her again she asked, "Should I set up an appointment with Dr. Franks for her?"

"No, Thelma. Mom has arranged for private counseling for her. She's supposed to see someone tomorrow afternoon. I just wanted to let you know what was going on. You can share this with Mr. Andrews if you'd like, but we'd rather it didn't become common knowledge."

"I can understand that Mike. What are you guys doing? Are you trying to move the whole student body into your house? First Sharon, now Missy?"

I laughed. "No, Thelma. Just all of Beth's friends it seems."

"From what I hear, Sharon is a lot more friendly to you than she is to Beth," she teased.

"Well, you may have a point there. Sharon is my fiance. We will be married as soon as she's old enough."

"Oh, Mike. Getting married young can cause a lot of problems. It's hard for a young couple without a college degree to make it financially. That causes problems in all areas."

"I'm aware of that Thelma. We have given it a lot of thought, and will continue to do so, but we are fortunate that money will not be a problem."

"Are the rumors I've been hearing true then? Your track coach was telling everyone yesterday that you are worth several million and that you are planning to retire by the time you're twenty."

"Thelma, we have been very lucky in some investments we've made. I don't normally say anything about that because I don't want it to change how people think about us. The coach made Mom mad when he started telling me I had to make something of myself, so she told him off. She may have exaggerated about when I'm going to retire, because I enjoy trying to figure out what stocks are going to boom and which ones aren't. I may continue doing that my entire life."

"Mike, I haven't seen you brag about anything yet. If you were going to brag, you certainly had the opportunity when you got back your IQ scores. Coach Daniels is a sorehead. If things don't go his way, he has to make a big stink about it. I'm afraid he's told the entire faculty his story, and probably all of the kids he coaches. Your Mom really told off the wrong person when she told off the coach."

"I'll tell her that, Thelma, and thanks for passing it along. You know we all appreciate what you've done for us, don't you?"

"I know it Mike, but for the most part I'm just doing my job. I must admit I'm enjoying it a lot more lately."

"Thelma, there is something else I'd like for you to look into if you could. There were four other kids staying with the Christofersons. The older ones would be attending our school. I can get their names for you if you'd like. Something needs to be done about them."

"Are they all high school age Mike?"

"No, there is one little girl who is nine years old. I'm not sure about the others ages, although I know that some of them are teenagers. Both of the girls were molested by their foster parents. They should have counseling of some kind. I hate the thought of them getting back into the system and possibly have the same situation again."

"Yeah, I know what you mean Mike. Do you know if the boys were molested too?"

"I really don't know. It seems to Christoferson is more into little girls. The younger the better."

"That is sick Mike."

"Yes it is. I'll have to admit I like teenage girls myself, although I find that older women are far sexier."

"Michael! You should be ashamed of yourself," Thelma laughed. "Just how old are you talking about?"

"Oh, I don't know. Their thirties maybe?"

"You are a shameless young man Mike. Until recently I never thought I could be attracted to anyone who was much younger than me. I've had to re-evaluate my thinking though."

"I hear Mom coming down so I'd better get off of here and give her the bad news about the coach. I'll stop by to say hi tomorrow if that's okay."

"Certainly Mike. Anytime. One more thing though, tell Bonnie that Dr. Franks' office was broken into last night. They don't know yet what might have been taken, but I'm wondering if it might have something to do with this Cunningham character."

"It would make sense Thelma. I'll be sure to tell her."

It wasn't Bonnie that I heard coming in. It was Missy. I was happy to see she had adopted the dress code of the family and was completely nude.

"Good morning Sunshine," I said. "Would you like some coffee?'

"In a minute," she mumbled as she walked up to me. She put her hands on my shoulders, then stepped in close and laid her head on my chest. I put my arms around her and hugged her close.

We had been standing there for quite a while when I saw Sharon come in behind her. "What's going on here?" Sharon asked, mock anger in her voice. "Are you guys getting it on?"

"No, but we might have been if you hadn't come in," Missy laughed as she pulled back.

"Hey, don't let me cause huggus interruptus," Sharon giggled.

"Huggus interruptus?"

"Yeah, like when a guy has to pull out before he's finished it's called coitus interruptus."

"Oh My God," I groaned.

I fixed us all some coffee and we sat around the breakfast nook. We had only been sitting there a few minutes when Bonnie and Beth showed up. I filled everyone in on my conversation with Thelma.

"Me and my big mouth," Bonnie said. "That must have been one of my blonde days. I just had to put the bastard down."

"I don't see how it can cause us any problems, Bonnie. It may cause some of the kids to start trying to get friendly, but I think we're all smart enough to ignore the gold diggers. It would be different if we couldn't read their intentions."

Yeah, I'm glad you got rid of Shiela when you did. She's a gold digger if I ever saw one," Beth said.

"I'm just glad I found Sharon when I did. She had no idea we had money when we hooked up."

"Amen," Sharon laughed. "Here I thought I was just getting involved with your every day, common, garden variety, nerd."

"Tickle monster," I yelled then attacked with vigor. I didn't stop until Sharon yelled she was going to pee if I didn't let up.

Bonnie called Phil's office and made an appointment for early afternoon. Since it was almost noon now, she left to get ready. The girls and I talked for a while then decided to go into town for lunch.

We went to a little hole in the wall Mexican restaurant where the prices were low and the quantity and quality were high. If you don't live in Texas or California you have no idea what good Mexican food is.

I had a burrito that was at least three inches high and three inches wide and stretched completely across a large dinner plate. The burrito had shredded beef instead of ground beef and was spiced to perfection. On one side of the burrito was Spanish rice and on the other side was refried beans with melted cheese on top. I was in heaven. I almost managed to eat it all. The price of this sumptuous meal? $3.95. Kiss my ass Taco Bell!

I had to take Missy in to the DA's office to give her deposition. The process took a couple of hours, but the assistant DA informed her that she wouldn't need to do anything else except possibly testify when the Christofersons went to trial.

We spent most of the rest of the afternoon just laying around the house. I drifted off to sleep at one point with Sharon nestled on my lap. I was out for over an hour, and probably wouldn't have awakened then if it hadn't been for bladder pressure.

We fixed sandwiches for dinner after Bonnie came home. She told us she'd gotten all of the paperwork started to have Missy manumitted, but that Missy would have to go in tomorrow to sign the papers.

Before long, it was time for Bonnie to go on her date. God what an eventful couple of days. Sharon and I drove the Suburban out to Smittering Point while Beth and Missy followed Bonnie to Betty's.

Beth and Missy stayed in their car while Bonnie went in to meet Butterman. Sharon and I talked back and forth with Beth and Missy while we waited. Bonnie had been inside almost an hour when Beth saw them coming out. Sharon and I watched through Beth's eyes as they walked toward Butterman's car. Bonnie was holding on to his arm, looking up into his eyes. He didn't open the car door for her, but he did kiss her before she got in. I wanted to cut his balls off.
Chapter 13 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 12 |   Bottom
Chapter 13
Posted: November 24, 2003 - 12:07:42 am

When they pulled out of the parking lot, they were headed in our direction. I breathed a sigh of relief. Beth stayed about two blocks behind them. <Bonnie, I'm going to cut the bastard's balls off if he kisses you again, > I told her.

<You are not! Michael Allen Green you will behave yourself and carry through with this plan, or I will disown you. I don't like it any more than you do, but I'm putting down my gag reflex to get the job done. Don't let your petty jealousy cause this to fail.>

<I'm sorry Bonnie. It's just that I know what a slime ball he is, and I don't like to see you put in this position.>

<You think he's a slime ball? You should be reading his mind like I am. He's imagining how big my nipples are and what my pussy looks like right now. He thinks I'm a sure thing. By the way, the bastard has VD. He doesn't know what variety because he's afraid of going to the doctor. He just knows his dick burns and itches and it hurts to pee. He's not going to let that stop him from trying to stick it to me though.>

<Oh God! Be careful Bonnie.>

<I will Sweety. I don't plan to let him get it anywhere near me. I just turned on the tape recorder. I think we're almost at Smittering Point.>

<Bonnie, we're going to be listening through your ears and watching through your eyes from now on. Is that okay?>

<Welcome in gang. I hope this doesn't make you guys as sick as it does me, > Bonnie said.

They pulled in about three spaces down from us. There was a pickup truck with a topper between us and them. When Beth and Missy arrived, they went on past us and parked a couple of spaces on past Bonnie.

"Well beautiful, here we are," Jim said. How do you like Smittering Point?"

"It's nice out here, Jim. Do you come out here often?"

"No doll. I've only been here a couple of times. I'm shy and don't date much."

"A nice looking guy like you? I can't imagine you not dating."

"Well, you know I went out with Missy. I've seen you with her. I guess I'm just a little inexperienced and she came on a little strong. I think she thought I was trying to rape her or something."

"Missy is a pussy. She is scared of her shadow and wouldn't know a real man if she saw one."

"So you think I'm a real man?"

"Absolutely. I think you're a real sexy man."

Jim was kissing her but Bonnie talked to us during the whole thing. It made it a little easier to take. <Yuck! This poor bastard thinks he knows how to kiss. This is sickening. Oh fuck the prick just made a grab for my left tit. I pushed his hand away but he'll be right back. I'm trying to break it off, but he keeps hanging on. Reminds me of a leach.>

"Oh Jim. That was so nice. I think we should get to know each other a little better before you play with my breasts though."

"What's to know doll? I know you are a beautiful babe and you said I'm a handsome guy. What else do we need to know?"

He pulled Bonnie to him and started kissing her again. <Yuck! The bastard tried to stick his tongue down my throat. I bit the shit out of it.>

"What'd you do that for, bitch? I thought you liked me."

"I do like you Jim, I just want to take it easy."

"You just made a big mistake cunt. I don't take that kind of shit from no bitch."

"So I was beautiful now I'm a bitch and a cunt? I think you'd better take me home Jim."

"I'm gonna take you all right. I'm gonna take your cunt. I'm gonna fuck you till you can't see straight."

"Let go of me Jim. I'm not going to fuck you. In fact I'm not going to go out with you again."

"We'll see about that, bitch. When I get through fucking your pretty pussy you ain't gonna ever want anyone else."

"But Jim, I don't want you to fuck me!"

"I don't care what you want cunt. I want to fuck you and I don't care if you want it or not."

<I think it's time you guys showed up now, > Bonnie said. <He's starting to hurt me.>

I was out of the car before she'd even started to say anything. As I ran toward his car I could see Beth and Missy scrambling out of theirs. I had his door open before he even realized I was there. I grabbed his shirt collar and dragged him out. He landed face up, and Beth kicked him in the side before he fully came to rest.

I hit him in the nose and blood splattered. He grabbed my wrist just as Beth kicked him in the side of the head. He was out like a light. I doubt he even felt the kick Sharon gave him to his left hip.

We helped Bonnie out of the car and over to the Suburban. We left Butterman laying on the ground beside his car.

Bonnie wasn't hurt, except her pride. He had torn her blouse and had tried to pull off her bra. We took her home and got her into a hot bath. While she was soaking, we played the recording and it was everything we hoped it would be. We made three copies of it and hid them in different places. I would be taking one of them to school tomorrow to play over the loud speaker system.

Who'd have thought it. Two nights in a row with no sex. Bonnie was in bed first, and I snuggled up to her. <Are you all right, Sweety, > I asked.

"I'm fine, Mike. I could have stopped him at any time, I just didn't want to do anything to him mentally because I didn't want him to be able to say something happened."

"I understand Sweety. It made you feel dirty, didn't it?"

"Yes it did Mike. Sex with you or with the girls is beautiful. I can understand why Missy is turned off toward sex. I know I sure don't feel like it tonight."

I lay there holding her until I felt someone slip in behind me. Two soft breasts pushed into my back and an arm went around my chest and pulled me closer.

"Bonnie my love, I'm going to turn over and give my wonderful fiance a goodnight kiss. Would you snuggle up to my back?"

"With pleasure."

I turned over and was surprised to see it wasn't Sharon snuggled up to me. Missy smiled and said, "I'm not your fiance, but I would like a kiss."

Sharon was smiling over Missy's shoulder at me so I did as Missy asked. I gave her a tender kiss and started to pull away. She put her hand behind my head to hold me there. The kiss went from engine idle to fire the afterburners in a matter of seconds. Mr. Friendly immediately stood up to be recognized, and Missy sighed when he pressed into her pubic hair.

When we finally broke apart, I said, "Wow!"

Missy said, "Wow!"

Sharon said, "Wow!"

Beth said, "That looked like fun. Can you spare one for your sister?"

I said, "I think one of those a night is about all I could take."

Missy giggled and Sharon said, "We'll see about that."

Sharon leaned over Missy and pulled me into one of her patented four alarm kisses. I'll swear my toes were still curled when I woke up the next morning.

Thursday, October 21, 1976

Oh God! A school day. Only a little over a week to go until I only had one class to attend. We finally got every one clean, dressed and fed and headed out. "Do you guys know what day this is?" I asked.

No one answered, so I told them. "This is the day Josh comes back to school."

"You're right," Sharon agreed. "Are we going to do it to him today?"

"I think we should. Has anyone been thinking about what class to have him do it in?"

"I have," Beth said. "He has English with Mrs. Frazier. I hate the bitch so I'd like to see him do it on her desk."

"I never really liked her either. Sounds good to me," I said.

"Ok Frazier's class it is. It's the first period after lunch for him," Beth informed us.

"I have one other question," I told them. "Does anyone have any idea how I can play this tape over the loud speakers?"

There was a lot of mumbling and a few half assed suggestions before Missy spoke up. "Bobbie Thompson works in the office and he has a crush on me. I think if I asked him nicely and hinted I might be willing to go out with him, he'd play it for me."

"Would he rat you out then when they come down on him?" Sharon asked.

"I don't think so, but if he did, I'd just deny it."

"I wiped all the finger prints off it and put it in an envelope and then in plastic bag," I told them. "There's no way they could trace it back to us."

"Okay, I'll ask him when we get there. I think he's in the office during second period. Would that be a good time?"

"Perfect," I said.

Bobbie Thompson did his job perfectly. The tape started out where Butterman said, "What'd you do that for, bitch? I thought you liked me." It played through until you could hear the car door opening. The school was in an uproar. It was obvious to everyone who knew Jim Butterman who was doing the talking. No one admitted to knowing who the female voice was.

I talked with Thelma afterwards and she told me Butterman had been suspended and that the tape had been turned over to the police. Just as a side note, Butterman couldn't even get a date to the prom that year, and although he went stag, none of the girls would dance with him.

Missy told us at lunch that Bobbie had started the tape and had gone to run some errands for Mr. Andrews. The fact that he locked the media room before he left allowed the tape to play through to it's conclusion. He claimed he had no idea who started the tape, and had left the room unlocked.

"Bobbie says they may take is job away from him, but he was tired of it anyway," Missy said.

The only thing that dampened our spirits at all at lunch time was when Josh walked through and did his finger pointing and trigger pulling routine. Sharon got up and pretended she was a guy pissing in a bucket. Everyone in the cafeteria roared and Josh beat a hasty retreat.

<Are we ready for him?> I asked.

<Yeah. I want to make him come up to the front of the room and turn toward the class. He'll sit down on Mrs. Frazier's desk, pull out his schlong, and whack it off. When he's ready to cum, I want him to turn around and paint the top of Mrs. Frazier's desk with it. What do you guys think?> Beth kicked in from her classroom.

<If that doesn't get him expelled, nothing will, > Missy giggled. <I've never seen a guy whack off before. That should be interesting.>

<I haven't seen a guy whack off either, > Sharon said mentally. <Mike doesn't want to waste it. He wants it in a pussy.>

<Awh, come on love. If you asked me to I would. It is a shame to waste it though.>

<You've watched me Jill off and didn't think it was a waste, > Beth said.

<Yeah, but Sweety you can have 200 orgasms to my one. It's not a waste for you because you have an unlimited supply.>

We were all giggling by now, and people started to look at us funny. Lunch was nearly over so I suggested we leave.

Oh God! I thought we'd blown it! Josh got up and did his thing just like Beth wanted it to happen. When he started making his deposit on Mrs. Frazier's desk, she passed out. Everyone thought she'd had a heart attack, but evidently she'd only fainted.

After it was all over and we found out that Mrs. Frazier was fine, Beth said, <Gee, I guess she'd never seen a guy Jack off either.>

Missy and Sharon's teacher tried to make them tell him why they'd cracked up, but they would only tell him it was a female thing.

I waited until the end of the period then stopped by Thelma's office. Luckily she was alone. "Can you spare me a few minutes, Thelma?" I asked.

"Mike, I can spare time for you any time you want it," she said with a big smile.

"I just wondered if you'd heard about Josh," I said as I sat down across from her.

"Yes. Isn't that a shame. He's a friend of yours isn't he?"

"Well, he was a friend at one time, Thelma. I don't know what you've heard about why I was in a coma, but he and I stopped being friends because of that."

"Mike, there were all kind of rumors floating around about you. Would you care to tell me about it?"

"I trust you Thelma, but I'd have to ask you never to repeat what I tell you, and to not report it officially."

She thought for a minute then said, "I can do that. I'd have a hard time believing you did anything illegal, so I see no reason to report anything."

"Stupid, but no, I didn't do anything illegal. Have you heard of the Flatliners?"

"Aren't they the ones who are trying to find out what happens after death?"

"That's the idea. Flatliner refers to the trace on a heart monitor. When you die, your heart stops, and the trace line becomes flat. I don't know how, but Josh talked me into joining this group. The idea was they'd stop someone's heart, wait a few seconds then perform CPR to bring him back. He was supposed to tell everyone what it was like to be dead."

"And they picked you," she said.

"They picked me. Actually we drew straws and I lost. They cut off the circulation to my brain. Instead of my heart stopping like they thought it would, I went into a coma. Josh and the others ran, but someone did call the paramedics."

"You're lucky they did, Mike. You could have easily died."

"I came very close, Thelma. When I did come out of the coma, I had amnesia for a couple of weeks before things started to come back to me."

"But, you remember everything now?"

"Yes, but there are some things I haven't tried to remember. I have no idea why I agreed to do it, except that my father was killed in an accident three years ago."

"Oh, Mike. I'm so sorry. This has had to be tough on you."

"Yes and no. Josh tried to pick up our friendship afterwards, but I wasn't interested. He got pretty angry and said some nasty things to me and Sharon. I don't understand why he's doing these crazy things now, but it is probably just an extension of the crazy things he's done in the past."

"I'd say you're right, Mike. You know, being in a coma was probably one of the best things that's ever happened to you. You are much more mature since then and a much more likeable person. If I didn't know better, I'd say you were my age or older from the way you speak and the insights you have into things."

"Sometimes I feel like I'm a hundred," I told her. "Other times I feel like I'm twelve."

"Well, you certainly don't act like you're a hundred, or twelve either. You act like a mature, responsible adult. If you'd like, I'll let you know what is going on with Josh. I know the police took him away today, but I don't know how long they'll hold him."

"Yes, I'd like that Thelma. I'm afraid they'll hold him for quite a while. Masturbating in front of a classroom full of students is a sexual offense. They get pretty uptight about things like that."

Thelma laughed. "I know it's naughty, but I'd have kind of liked to have been there myself. Please don't think badly of me Mike. I think everyone has a little bit of the voyeur in them."

It was my turn to laugh. "Maybe it's a woman thing, Thelma. Sharon and Missy were saying the same thing."

When we got home, we had to tell Bonnie all about Josh and about Jim Butterman. She cracked up when we showed her the images of Josh squirting all over Mrs. Frazier's desk.

<Did you see that stupid smile on his face as he was choking his chicken, > I asked. <God! I hope I don't look that stupid when I pound my pud.>

<Mike, you haven't pounded your pud or choked your chicken since I've known you, > Sharon laughed.

<I most certainly have. Just not since we started seeing each other.>

<Why are there so many names for when a guy masturbates, but there aren't for when a girl masturbates?> Missy asked.

<You are certainly right, > Beth said. <I've heard it called beating off; jacking off; wanking; stroking; spanking your monkey; playing pocket pool; skinning the weasel; and going out with old lady hand. All I've ever heard as a slang term for female masturbation is Jilling off.>

<It's the same for other bodily functions, > Bonnie informed them. <I think women are more comfortable with bodily functions than men are. For example if I need to urinate, it doesn't bother me to say I'm going to have a pee. A guy would say he had to meet a man about a horse; or he had to shake the dew off of the lily; or that he had to drain the lizard. Why can't they just admit they have to pee?>

Everyone turned to look at me. <Hey, don't ask me. I'm just a kid. I don't know these things.>

<Just a kid my ass, > Bonnie laughed. <You're as old as all of us put together, if you include both your ages.>

<I think it's tickle time, > Sharon said as she lunged for me. I was managing to fight her off and get in a little tickling of my own when Beth joined the fight. I was still managing to get a hand full of tit on occasion until the other two females grabbed my arms and held me down. I thought I was going to pass out before they finally relented.

Bonnie and I made love that night. Bonnie played cowgirl while Sharon and Beth stroked her nipples, back, and butt. Missy alternated between kissing me and feeding me her incredible nipples to suck and chew on. I managed to rub Missy to a climax just before Bonnie reached hers. Bonnie's pussy was snapping as she orgasmed, and this pushed me over the edge.

I fell asleep with Bonnie still on top of me and Missy and Beth cuddled to either side of me. Life is good!

Friday, October 22, 1976

Technically I didn't have to go to school today. I could have stayed in bed and enjoyed a day off. On the other hand, I knew I would miss having lunch with Sharon and Missy, so I decided to go in and leave right after lunch.

I went to home room, then wandered down to Thelma's office. She was with a student, so I just waved and started to go on. She held up her hand, then motioned for me to go into the testing room.

I was sitting in the chair where I usually take my tests when Thelma came in wearing a big smile. "Good morning. How's my favorite student this morning?"

"I'm doing good, Thelma. How about you?"

"I'm fine. Did you need something specific or did you just stop by to talk?"

"I'm sorry. I didn't really have a reason for coming in. I know you're busy and I really shouldn't bother you.>"

"Mike, you are never a bother. You have an open invitation to come in any time you want. If I'm with someone, just come on in here. If I'm going to be tied up for a while I'll come in and tell you."

"Thanks, Thelma. Sometimes I do need to just talk. Since I'm here, there is one thing you might help me with."

"What's that?"

"My home room teacher is still calling my name for attendance. I don't have any classes today, and I really didn't need to come in. Within two weeks I won't have any classes I'm enrolled in. Is there any way for her to stop counting me absent if I decide I just want to stay home one day?"

"Why don't we do it this way Mike? I'll have your home room teacher mark you present every day. While you're still in classes your teacher will mark you absent if you miss the class."

"That sounds good, Thelma. I'm not trying to get out of anything, I just don't want to be tied down to coming in on days I don't have any classes."

"This way you won't have to be. I do hope you'll show up from time to time just to talk though."

"I plan to," I said with a smile.

"You are having a big effect on me Mike. Not only have I reevaluated myself at work. I'm doing the same thing in my personal life. I haven't dated since my husband left and I'm going to try to do something about that."

"Do you mind if I ask a personal question, Thelma?"

"Not at all."

"How old are you?"

Thelma laughed. "That is personal. I'm 33, Mike."

"You've seen my mother. To me she looks like she's about eighteen. She's really 37 years old. When I got out of the hospital this summer, Mom, Beth and I all started an exercise program. It really helps."

"Are you saying I'm out of shape, Mike?" she asked in a mock serious voice. I could see the twinkle in her eye though.

"Can I get very personal in describing what I see?"

She hesitated for a second then glanced at the door. "Just a second," She said. She got up, went out the door, and came immediately back in.

"I turned the 'Testing in Progress' light. Now you can get personal."

"Okay. Turn around slowly once."

Thelma did.

"What I see is a very pretty woman. Your face is beautiful, Thelma. Your breasts are high and firm. Your butt sags a little, but would tone up within a week. You have about five extra pounds around your middle, but that too would go away in a couple of weeks. What I can see of your legs is fantastic."

"Oh my. I've never had a student talk about my breasts or butt before. Do you really think my face is pretty?"

"No, I said beautiful and I mean beautiful."

"Michael, if I were fifteen years younger, Sharon Mayhew and I would be going toe to toe about who was going to be your girlfriend. You really know how to make a woman feel good about herself."

"Thank you pretty lady. You should really talk to Mom. I'm sure she could help you figure out what kind of exercise program you should be on. Within a month you could have every male teacher and half the students here walking on their tongues."

"Mike, that is nasty. It does sound interesting though."

"You said you were going to do something about dating. Do you have a plan as to how to meet an appropriate guy?"

"Well, sort of. I called an old friend of mine last night. She's been bugging me for years to start dating. She's single and looking too. We're going out for drinks tonight and hopefully some dancing as well."

"Where are you going?"

Thelma named a lounge that was upscale and a bit yuppy.

"I've never been there. Be careful though, Thelma." I went on to tell her about Beth's first encounter with Joe Ferguson.

"She put the guy in the hospital? How in the world did she do that?"

"She's been taking some self defense classes. When he grabbed her, she stomped his instep. He let loose of her hand so she buried her elbow in his solar plexis. He fell with his legs spread open so she pretended she was trying to kick a field goal. They had to remove one of his testicles."

"My God! That girl is dangerous," Thelma laughed. "Maybe I should get her to teach me how to do that."

"Yes she is, but there are men out there who are far more dangerous. Please be careful. I don't want to see you get hurt."

"I will, Mike. I promise."

I looked down at my watch and was totally shocked. "Thelma, do you realize it's almost lunch?"

"Oh God! I'm supposed to have a report to the principal by just after lunch. I have to go Mike."

"Not a problem," I said, getting up. Thelma got up at the same time, and our faces were inches apart. I thought for a moment she was going to kiss me, but then she blushed and turned away.

"It's Friday night ladies. What would everyone like to do?" I asked after we had finished dinner.

Everyone was feeling lazy, but we finally decided to go see a movie. On the way to the theater I asked, "Has any of you guys heard anything about the Starlight Lounge?"

"I've heard it's a pretty nice place," Bonnie told me. "The decor is 1940s, but the music is 50s and 60s and 70s. It's a family oriented place. They serve liquor in the bar, but the dance area is strictly soft drinks."

"Thelma was saying she's going there tonight with a friend. I wouldn't want to show up and embarrass her, but would anyone want to try to do some dancing there tomorrow night?"

Bonnie laughed. "Our first two attempts at dancing have been pretty scary. Are you sure you're up for this?"

"I'm sure. Anyone else?"

Everyone agreed it sounded like fun, so we decided to do it.

The movie everyone decided on was a dud. I fell asleep about half way through. Bonnie punched me in the ribs twice to wake me up. She said I was snoring. Oh well, the movie was a snore.

When we went to bed, Beth said it was her turn to play cowgirl. She and Sharon got me ready and Beth mounted up. Missy started kissing me again, while Bonnie and Sharon became involved in a very interesting 69.

I whispered to Missy, "Why don't you put your pussy on my mouth? I'll show you how to feel really good without having penetration."

She hesitated a few minutes then started to climb on facing my head. "Sweety, if you face the other way you can watch Beth and me."

She smiled from ear to ear and took my advice. God she has a sweet tasting pussy. I had been working on her for a couple of minutes when I heard a low moan coming from her. As she rode my face, the moan became a whine which raised in volume and frequency as she approached an orgasm.

Missy's vocal accompaniment became a shriek when she topped out. I eased off, licking around the outside of her tasty pussy until she came down a little. Although I couldn't see it, I felt her reaction when Beth started to fondle her breasts.

Missy's second orgasm was more intense than the first. Her third and fourth were even stronger. Finally, she pulled off of me, saying I was trying to kill her. She snuggled next to me and watched Beth building toward her third climax. After Beth and I had finished Sharon pushed Beth out of the way and snuggled next to me.

I asked Missy, "That wasn't so bad, was it?"

"Bad? Mike, I never knew anything could feel so good."
Chapter 14 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 13 |   Bottom
Chapter 14
Posted: November 25, 2003 - 12:12:46 pm

Saturday October 23, 1976

Saturday was great. I pulled the solar cover off of the pool and the water was warm. The sun was shining and a gentle breeze was blowing just enough to keep you from becoming overheated. We spent the day in and around the pool.

I found two stocks I marked for Bonnie to have ordered. One looked like it had potential for a quick turnover, but the other would probably be a slower growth. At least I knew that both companies would be there in twenty five years.

We had an early dinner at home and went out to the Starlight Lounge at around 7:30. The place was very different from where we'd gone before. We didn't even go into the bar, but took a large table near the dance floor. We were told there was a cover charge of $10 per couple, so we coughed up $30 for the five of us.

There were some extremely good dancers moving around the floor, and I was almost intimidated. One couple I noticed danced several dances then took a break and sat at their table with three kids ranging in age from around nine to twelve. We saw several family groups, and the whole atmosphere was one of friendly fun.

There were also quite a few couples who appeared to be newly married or dating. No one seemed to be bothered by a kiss or a friendly grope, but there was no out and out necking going on. "I really like this place," I told the group. "People seem to be having fun but I don't see anyone who looks drunk."

It wasn't long before I was gliding around the floor with Bonnie in my arms. When I dance with Bonnie I become ten times as good a dancer as I am with anyone else. I don't know what it is, but we just seem to fit perfectly. We danced to two songs and went back to our table. I was going to ask Beth next, but she wasn't at the table when I got there, so I asked Sharon.

Dancing with Sharon is totally different than dancing with Bonnie. Sharon is every bit as good a dancer as Bonnie, but we are so aware of our bodies sliding against each other that dancing skills fall by the wayside. We swayed and rubbed and smiled our way through a couple of songs then went back to the table again.

Missy was my next victim. As she came into my arms for our first dance I asked her if she knew where Beth was hiding. "She's dancing with Tommy Waters," she told me.

"Who is Tommy Waters?"

"Tommy goes to our school. He's a Freshman."

"Oh. Is he a nice guy?"

"I think he probably is. I don't know him very well. He seems like he's kind of a nerd. I see him and Beth talking all the time though, so I think she knows him pretty well."

"Well, that's good. As long as she's safe. You know the stories of the last two times we went dancing."

"Oh, I'm pretty sure Beth is safe. I'm not so sure about Tommy though. Beth had a very predatory look on her face when I saw them dance by a while ago."

I couldn't help but laugh. For some reason I wasn't jealous at all. "You mean my little sister might try to have her wicked way with the poor little Freshman?"

Missy started laughing too. "Gee, the way you two went at it last night, I'd have thought you'd have been jealous."

"You know, a week ago and I probably would have been. I love Beth with all my heart, and selfishly I'd like to be the only man she's ever with. Realistically though I know that's not going to happen. I think I have finally reached a point where I can share her without being jealous."

"Do you feel the same way about Bonnie?"

I thought for a minute then answered. "I think so. I wouldn't be sure unless it happens, but I feel I could share her. The thing with Butterman was different. He's not someone I could share a toilet with let alone a precious lover."

"Could you share Sharon?"

"No!" I answered emphatically. "Maybe some day I'll be able to, but not now."

"What about me?"

"Missy, you have to know I love you. We've grown closer every day I've been around you. I find I feel more toward you like I do toward Sharon, rather than like how I feel about Beth or Bonnie. Maybe that's because we're not related. I don't know. We've made love, but we haven't had intercourse. That doesn't seem to make a difference in how I feel though. If you fall in love with someone else and leave me, I'll let you go. It'll break my heart though."

"I don't think you have to worry about me falling in love with someone else. I love you too, Mike."

We snuggled together and barely moved to the music for the rest of our two dances.

We went back to our table and sat a couple of dances out. Bonnie and I were sipping on iced tea and the girls both had a Coke. Bonnie and I were talking about stocks when I felt someone lay their hand on my shoulder. I turned around and there was Thelma and another woman.

I got up and asked if they'd like to join us. "I wouldn't want to impose, Mike. I just wanted to say hello and introduce you to Marilyn."

"Hi Marilyn, I'm Mike. This is my mother, Bonnie, my girlfriend, Sharon, and my friend, Missy. Ladies, I don't want to cramp your style. I know you're on the prowl and this is just a family group, but we really would like for you to join us."

Bonnie looked at the two women and smiled. "Thelma, it is nice to see you again. You two are more than welcome to join us."

The two women looked at each other and when Marilyn nodded, Thelma said, "Well, in that case, we'll take you up on your gracious offer."

Thelma slid in beside me, and Marilyn went around to sit beside Bonnie. "What brings you lovely ladies out two nights in a row?" I asked.

"It isn't two in a row, Mike. Marilyn got tied up at work yesterday and couldn't make it, so we postponed it until tonight."

"I'm not sure this is the best place we could have come, now that we're here," Marilyn said. "It seems to be mostly couples and families here."

Bonnie laughed. "If you're man hunting I guess you're right. We've had some bad experiences at a couple of places though so for us it is just right."

"Mike was telling me about the guy Beth put in the hospital," Thelma said. "You must be very proud of her."

"Oh I am, Thelma. Beth is a wonder to me at all times."

"Isn't she with you guys tonight?"

"She is but she isn't. I don't know if she was trolling or not, but she seems to have found a man at least for this evening. Do you know Tommy Waters, Thelma? He's here with his family tonight."

"Yes, Tommy is a Freshman. A very intelligent Freshman. He's a little shy, but seems like a very nice young man."

"He wasn't shy about coming over and asking Beth to dance," Bonnie laughed. "We haven't seen them for the last half hour except on the dance floor."

"Speaking of dancing," I broke in. "Thelma, would you do me the honor of having the next dance with me?"

"Most certainly, kind sir," she said as we got to our feet.

When we got to the floor, I was going to keep a respectful distance between us, but Thelma stepped in close and laid her head on my shoulder. We started moving to the music and I whispered in her ear, "You look absolutely ravishing tonight Thelma."

She leaned her head back and looked at me. "Thank you Mike. It feels good being here in your arms."

"Well, it certainly feels good having you in my arms, Thelma."

"Yesterday you said my breasts looked high and firm," she said blushing profusely. "Do they feel firm pressed against your chest?"

"Yes, sweet lady, they do feel firm, but soft at the same time. In other words they feel absolutely wonderful."

"Mike, I shouldn't have said that. I'm sorry. I don't know why, but over the last month I've started feeling very attracted to you. You're only sixteen and I'm thirty three. I know there's no way we could have a relationship, so I shouldn't tease."

"Well, I certainly hope you weren't teasing. I'm very attracted to you as well, sweet lady. It isn't just physical either. You can't imagine how much pleasure I get from just talking with you. The physical attraction is there too, as I'm sure you can tell from what's poking into your belly."

"Oh is that what that is? I thought you had a pool cue in your pocket," she giggled.

We danced for a few minutes and I noticed we were on the opposite side of the floor from our table. I said, "Thelma," and when she looked up at me, I kissed her softly on the lips.

"Oh God!" she said when our lips separated. "That was so nice, Mike, but I wouldn't want to cause problems for you and Sharon."

"You are going to have to let me give you my lecture on love sometime. I love Sharon with all my heart. She loves me the same way. We both believe though that you can love more than one person equally and in the same way. Now, I'm going to shock the shit out of you, if you'll promise to never say anything about what I tell you to anyone else."

"Remember, Mike, I'm a lot older, and not very easy to shock. I do promise never to tell anyone anything you say to me, now or in the future."

"Sharon and I have made love. Sharon has watched me make love to other women. I've watched Sharon make love to other women. Does any of that shock you?"

"Not really, Mike. I was at Woodstock. I watched several couples have sex, and watched one girl take on five guys in a row. The thing that does shock me a little though is your saying that you can love more than one person at the same time. I've always felt that way, but I never knew anyone else did."

"We'll talk about that later, Thelma. I think I'd better give someone else a turn, and I don't want to prevent you from meeting someone interesting."

"Oh, I've met someone interesting alright. Problem is, I'm twice as old as he is."

As we got back to our table and I offered my hand to Bonnie I said, "I don't see that as a problem, Thelma."

When Bonnie glided into my arms she asked, "What was that about?"

"Thelma was coming on pretty strong to me, Sweety."

"How did she come on to you?"

"We had been talking yesterday about getting in shape and I told her she should talk to you about an exercise program. She asked me to evaluate how she looked. I told her her breasts were high and firm but her butt sagged and she needed to lose about five pounds off her tummy."

"Okay..."

"Well, when we were dancing, she asked me if her breasts felt firm where they were pressed into my chest."

"Oh, my. That was coming on to you."

"She also asked me if I had a pool cue in my pocket."

At least a dozen people turned to look at us when Bonnie's laugh rang out. "What did you say to that?"

"Nothing. I kissed her."

"Michael, Michael, what am I going to do with you," she giggled.

"Bonnie, I swear to God I wasn't thinking. I knew what she wanted so I did it. She is a very nice lady, but she is very lacking in self esteem. I wish there was something we could do for her."

"I'm just teasing you Sweetheart. That was probably the best thing you could have done for her ego. Just be careful you don't hurt her or hurt yourself."

"Bonnie, George Halbertson may be older than you, but you are the smart one in the family. I know I am walking on the edge of a precipice here, and I don't want to fall over or to knock her over. Any advice you can give me would be appreciated."

"Sweetheart, I am not wise. I grope for answers just like everyone else. I don't see anything wrong with what you've done with Thelma. Respect her and let her know that you do. Keep Sharon informed of what's going on, and let things happen."

"Thank you, love. Did you get to meet the guy Beth is with tonight?"

"Yes, briefly. He seemed like a nice kid. Sharon and Missy seem to like him, so I trust the three of them. How does it make you feel?"

"Surprisingly enough, it doesn't bother me. I was telling Missy earlier that I've reached a point where I could share Beth and maybe even you if you found the right person. I think I got so bent out of shape about Butterman because I wouldn't willingly share a dead hedgehog with him."

"Oh you have such a way with words Michael. A dead hedgehog?"

"Sorry Bonnie. I think you got the point though."

We finished our second song and went back to pick up Sharon. Again, Sharon and I became lost in each other. As our second song started, I told her all about Thelma. "Are you trying to replace Beth already?" she teased.

"No, Sweetheart. I've had to talk with Thelma a lot lately. She's a very nice person, who has a very bad sense of self worth. I do like her and I am attracted to her, but I would rather she found a nice man to take care of her needs."

"Well, she has found a nice man, lover. Too bad he belongs to me. I'll share, but I'll never give you up."

I repeated my conversation I had with Missy earlier to her. I could see her smile building as I related it to her.

We kissed far more than we should have before heading back to our table. "Give Thelma one of those kisses and she'll be yours forever," Sharon whispered.

"Are you saying I should kiss her like that?"

"Yes, I think you should. What can it hurt Mike. Best case we get a new member of the family. Worst case, you have some fun and she gets a good loving. It's a win/win situation."

When we got back to the table, Missy and Marilyn had gone for more soft drinks, so I asked Thelma to dance again.

She melted into my arms. Her whole body was pressed against me. "Was I the main topic of your conversations?" she asked.

"As a matter of fact, you were," I told her honestly. "Nothing bad, I assure you."

"Oh really? I'd have thought you'd catch a little flack."

"No, Bonnie told me not to hurt you but to not let you hurt me."

"Good advise, but sometimes it does happen. I would never intentionally hurt you though. I hope you know that."

"I do, and I would never intentionally hurt you either. Sharon said to tell you she'd share, but that she'd never give me up. I have to say the same. I'd never give Sharon up either."

"I know you wouldn't Mike. It's nice to hear that Sharon said she'd share though."

"She also told me to give you a kiss like I'd just given her and you'd be mine forever."

"Oh my. Marilyn would be scandalized if she saw that. It does sound like a good idea though."

It was. I have been blessed in this second life by being surrounded by some excellent kissers. Thelma is no exception. She puts he whole body into it. Beth makes my toes curl. Thelma makes my knees weak. I almost collapsed before we broke apart, and I think the kiss had the same effect on her.

Marilyn's back had been toward us as we danced, but Sharon had watched the kiss with interest. When we got back to the table, I sat down beside Sharon. She leaned over and kissed me lightly. "Ummm, I like the flavor of your lipstick, Thelma," she said with a straight face.

"Yes, it is nice, isn't it? It could stand to be a little more kiss proof though."

Bonnie cracked up, and Marilyn looked shocked. She didn't say anything, but you could tell she disapproved.

Missy was giggling when she came around the table to where I was. "Let me taste it," she said as she leaned in and gave me a big kiss. "It is nice, Thelma. You'll have to let me try it on sometime."

I was saved momentarily from further embarrassment by the arrival of Beth and Tommy. They were holding hands as they approached. When they got to the table, Beth tugged on my shoulder until I moved my chair back, then she plopped herself in my lap.

"Hey big bro. What was all the kissing about?"

"We were just trying to see if we liked the taste of Thelma's lipstick," Sharon told her with a grin.

"Let me see," she said, then she leaned over and kissed Thelma firmly on the lips.

Beth licked her lips and said, "That's not bad."

Thelma laughed and said, "No, I have to agree. That wasn't bad at all."

The whole table cracked up with the exception of Marilyn. Even Tommy was laughing his ass off. When we had calmed down enough for anyone to be heard, Marilyn said, "Thelma, I really need to be going. Would you mind leaving?"

"Oh, I suppose not. It is getting late." Thelma looked around the table and said, "I really had fun tonight guys. Thanks for including us in your group."

"We enjoyed having you guys, Thelma. Before you go, are you going to be busy tomorrow?" Bonnie asked.

"Not really. Why?"

"Mike said you were interested in starting an exercise program. I was wondering if you'd like to come over and I could show you how to get started. I'm sure Mike would be willing to barbeque some steaks for dinner if you're interested."

"That sounds like fun. Can I bring anything?"

"Just your swimsuit and some workout clothes. We'll probably walk or jog for a while, do some aerobics, then swim."

Bonnie gave her our address and directions of how to get there. We decide on 1:00 PM for her arrival.

Marilyn didn't thank us for inviting them to sit with us or even say goodbye. I don't think she approved of us.

Saturday night was a no sex night. Bummer. Actually it was my fault. I was so tired from all of the dancing I was asleep before any of the girls got in bed.

Sunday, October 24, 1976

I woke up first Sunday morning, as usual. I had just sat down at the table when Missy came wandering in, also as usual. She went over, got herself a cup of coffee, and plopped down in my lap.

I put my arms around her and kissed her on the nose. "Good morning Missy my love," I said.

"Good morning. Are you feeling better this morning?"

"I'm fine. I feel well rested."

"I'm mad at you, you know."

"Why are you mad at me, Love?"

"I had a present for you last night and you went to sleep before I could give it to you."

"You could give it to me this morning."

"It's not the same. You may have to wait weeks to get it now."

"Why would I have to wait weeks?"

"Because I have to be in the mood to want to give it to you, and I'm mad at you."

"What do I need to do to make you not be mad at me?"

"Love me."

"I do love you, Sweety."

"You have to show me that you love me."

"And how would you have me do that?"

"Kiss me."

I did. She set a fire burning in me that I knew would simmer all day.

"How was that?"

"Better."

"What else can I do?"

"More."

"More kisses?"

"Yes."

I kissed her again. When we broke apart, Mr. Friendly could have been used by a diamond cutter.

"Is that better?"

"Yes."

"Are you still mad at me?"

"No."

"Are you still going to make me wait for my present?"

"Until tonight."

"What kind of present is it?"

"My cherry."

"Missy, my love. You know you don't have to do that. I love you for who you are. I don't need anything else until you're sure you're ready."

"Oh I'm ready all right. I was so ready last night that I left a puddle on the bed and had to sleep in it all night."

"You should have woke me up Sweety."

"Mike, I wasn't mad at you. I was just teasing. I am ready though, so save some energy for tonight."

"I will Sweety. Don't worry about that."

We were kissing and cuddling when the rest of the family started to wander in. When Sharon came in she smacked Missy on the ass and said, "Move slut. He's mine for a while."

Missy got up but said, "Bitch."

"Missy, would you get me a cup of coffee please?" Sharon asked sweetly.

Missy kissed her on the nose and got a cup for her.

"You girls are going to have to learn to play nice," I told them. "Otherwise, Papa is going to spank your butts."

The girls let me know in no uncertain terms that I wasn't big enough to spank anyone. I lost all interest in spanking when Sharon started kissing me.
Chapter 15 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 14 |   Bottom
Chapter 15
Posted: November 27, 2003 - 10:48:05 am

By the time Thelma arrived, I had at least managed to get everyone dressed and semi-presentable. Thelma was dressed in a pair of running shorts and a tight fitting knit shirt with a sports bra. Sharon and I were snuggled on one of the lounge chairs on the patio when Bonnie brought her back.

Missy and Beth ran for the pool wearing semi-respectable swimsuits while Bonnie and Thelma sat down to talk with Sharon and I.

"So, was Marilyn pissed off at us last night?" I asked after everyone was settled.

"No, she was pissed off at me," Thelma laughed. "It's your fault too, Sharon."

"My fault. What did I do?" Sharon asked.

"You told Mike to kiss me. Marilyn saw him do it. She called me a slut for kissing a sixteen year old boy."

"He's not a boy," Sharon told her.

"I couldn't agree with you more," Thelma said. "He certainly seemed like a man last night."

"It's really not Sharon's fault, Thelma. I'd have kissed you again anyway."

"Yes, but Sharon is the one who called it to everyone's attention when she said she liked the taste of my lipstick," Thelma laughed. "I laughed so hard I thought I was going to pee my pants."

"Okay people. Who's going on a walk with Thelma and me?" Bonnie asked.

Sharon and I both agreed we would. We left Beth and Missy in the pool. We walked about the same distance Beth and I had when I got out of the hospital. Bonnie said she didn't want to wear Thelma out completely. When we got back to the house Bonnie said it was time to take Thelma's measurements. She sent Sharon after a tape measure.

Bonnie brought out the scales and we weighed her. Then I backed her up against the house and checked her height. Bonnie wrote down the results.

"Thelma, we're going to want to do measurements around your bust, hips, waist, and upper thighs. We usually have Mike do them because he seems to enjoy it so much. Would it be okay for Mike to measure you, or would you prefer I got one of the girls?"

"Oh, I'd prefer Mike did it," she said as she gave me a shy smile.

"Mike it is then. Now here's the big question. We are pretty much nudists when we don't have company. The measurements would be a lot easier to duplicate in the future if you were nude when they were taken. Would you be willing for Mike to take your measurements while you were nude?"

"Oh my. I don't know. Did he take your measurements while you were nude?"

"Yes, Thelma, and everyone else here, except Missy, who we haven't measured yet. We are nude most of the time when no one is here."

"Well... I suppose it would be okay. I used to go to the clothing optional beaches before I got married. My husband was rather uptight about nudity though so we never went after we were married. Could you do Missy first so I can see what's going to happen?"

"Sure," Bonnie said. "It'd be a good time to get that out of the way anyway."

"Missy, front and center," I yelled.

Missy came running over, drying off from the pool. "Missy, we'd like to take your measurements for our family records. Would it be okay to do it now?" Bonnie asked.

"Sure. Not a problem, Bonnie."

"Okay, strip," Bonnie told her.

"Naked?"

"Yep, naked. Mike's going to do the measuring."

Beth helped her untie her bikini top, which she then playfully threw at me. She turned her back and gave an exaggerated wiggle as she lowered her bottoms. "Better dry the butt and boobies," I said as I threw her a towel.

She dried herself then walked to me. I had her stand straight with her legs together and her arms at her sides. "What do you want me to measure first?" I asked Bonnie as I unrolled the cloth tape measure.

"Let's start with the waist."

I had Missy raise her arms and pulled the tape around her waist. "Twenty two and a half inches," I said.

"Bust next."

When I loosed the tape I leaned in, kissing her belly button, and inserting my tongue as far as I could. Missy giggled and jumped back.

I motioned her forward again and stood up to measure her bust. "Thirty five and a quarter inches," I said.

"Hips next."

I loosed the tape and kissed Missy's right nipple. It popped out like toast from a toaster. I kissed her other nipple with the same results. "Make that thirty six and a half inches," I said.

"Hard nipples don't count," Bonnie told me. "Do her hips please."

I put the tape around her hips. "Thirty four inches even," I told her.

"Left thigh please."

I kissed Missy in her pubic hair and received a giggle for my efforts. I then moved her feet apart about two feet and put the tape around her left upper thigh. I gave Bonnie the measurement and when she told me to move to the other thigh, I ran my tongue from the bottom to the top of Missy's pussy slit, flicking her clit as I passed it. This time Missy moaned.

I repeated the process on her right thigh, but this time I quickly flicked her clit three or four times. Her moaning signaled her appreciation. I gave her a pat on the butt and told her we were through. "We're not even close to being through," Missy told me as she picked up her swimsuit and went over to one of the lounge chairs.

"Are you ready for this?" Bonnie asked Thelma.

"Oh God! I don't know."

"Would it help if Mike and I got naked too?"

"It might. I don't know Bonnie. Just look at that girl. She's absolutely beautiful. I don't even come close to looking that nice."

"Thelma, beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Before I started getting into shape I worried about my body too. I found out though that some people thought I was sexy even though I didn't have the perfect body. I'm sure Mike thinks you are sexy and to be honest with you, so do I."

Bonnie started pulling off her blouse, and I pulled my shirt over my head and threw it on a chair. Thelma looked at both of us and pulled her own blouse off. We all finished undressing in a business like manner.

Bonnie giggled. "See, I told you Mike thinks you're sexy."

My erection was sticking straight out, pointing at Thelma. Thelma smiled and did a complete turn.

"Thelma, I take back what I said about your butt sagging. I think it's the clothes you wear that caused me to think it did."

"Thank you kind sir. Can we get on with this before I back out?"

"Waist first," Bonnie told me.

I dropped to my knees and measured her waist. "Twenty six inches even," I said.

"Bust."

I put my hands on Thelma's hips and tongued her belly button for a few seconds.

"Do I get the full treatment," Thelma asked as I was getting to my feet.

"And then some," I said as I wrapped the tape around her breast. "Thirty six and a half inches."

"Hips next."

As I had with Missy, I kissed both of Thelma's nipples. I pulled the left one into my mouth and sucked until it was as hard as a rock, then I bit it lightly. "Oh God! Oh my God!" Thelma said.

"Break it up Mike," Bonnie said. "Work now, play later."

I reluctantly left Thelma's breasts and placed the tape around her hips. Her pussy was trimmed to a "V" with the lips shaved. I could see beads of her nectar on her lips.

"Thirty seven and a half inches," I said.

"Left thigh."

I used my lips to pull gently on her pubic hair, then moved her feet apart to measure her thighs. I measured her left thigh and told Bonnie the result. I blew gently on her pussy as I moved to her right thigh. I gave that measurement to Bonnie as well.

"All finished," Bonnie said.

"Not quite," I told them.

I ran my tongue from the bottom of her slit to the top, collecting all of her delightful emissions as I did. <Oh God you taste good, Thelma.> I thought.

"Thank you Mike. I'm glad I taste good for you."

She heard me! She heard what I was thinking!

I stuck my tongue back into her pussy as far as it would go. I started wiggling it inside the entrance of her vagina then thought, <Can you hear me, Thelma?>

"Of course I can hear you Mike. God! That feels good."

<Do you wonder how I can be talking to you when my tongue is inside your vagina?>

Thelma's body stiffened up. "I'm doing it again aren't I? I'm hearing what you're thinking."

<Yes you are Sweetheart, > I thought as I increase my efforts with my tongue. I moved up to her clit and pulled it between my lips. I started a rapid flicking on it with my tongue.

"Oh God! I'm cuming Mike! Oh God! Oh God! Yeeeeeeeeeeeee aaaahhhhhhhhhhh uuuuuuuuuuuggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh!"

I stood up and held her through her after shocks. Finally she calmed down and I helped her into one of the lounges. I slid in behind her and put my arms around her.

Bonnie came over and sat on the bottom of the lounge. "You heard what went on?" I asked.

"You mean besides the earth shattering orgasm?" she asked with a giggle.

"Yes dear heart. She heard what I was thinking."

"I picked up on that Mike. Thelma, have you ever had this happen before that you could pick up someone's thoughts?"

"Yes I have Bonnie. It hasn't happened often, but it has happened. It's a scary thing."

Bonnie started stroking Thelma's leg. "It's nothing to worry about Sweety. It's something all of us here have experienced."

"Really? Bonnie I thought I was a freak."

"Not a freak my dear. You are just slightly telepathic."

"Bonnie, it's so frustrating. I wish it would either go away completely or come and stay permanently. It just seems to show up at times without me even wanting it to. When I want it to happen, it's never there."

"Would you prefer to have the ability all of the time, or not have it at all?" Bonnie asked her.

"I'd rather have it of course. Think of how you could help people if you could tell what they were really thinking or really wanting."

"Okay, Thelma, first you have to promise me that anything said or done by this family to or around you will never be told to anyone, unless we all agree."

"That's not a problem, Bonnie. I would never betray any of you."

"Girls, come here," Bonnie yelled.

All three girls were there within a minute. "Thelma is partially telepathic. What do you think?"

"Yes."

"Yes."

"Yes."

"Mike?" Bonnie asked.

"Yes."

"And I vote yes as well. Okay girls, you can go if you want. Thelma, all of us are telepathic all of the time. We can make it so you are too. Are you interested?"

"Oh God yes!"

"Let me tell you a little about what's going to happen. We found, actually Mike found, that if one blood vessel in the brain is larger, more blood flows to a certain portion of the brain. If that portion of the brain is getting a sufficient blood supply you are telepathic. We can look into your brain and increase the size of the vessel."

"But that's more than just reading someone's thoughts Bonnie."

"Yes it is. There are quite a few advantages to doing this. Do you like the way I look Thelma?"

"You are gorgeous Bonnie. I don't want to offend you, but I find you very sexually attractive. I haven't been with another woman since college, but I am certainly attracted to you."

"I think you're pretty sexy yourself, Thelma, but we'll save that for later. My body is the way it is right now because I told it to go back to the way it was when I was eighteen and to maintain itself at that age until I tell it to change. It seems to have worked."

"I'll say. Are you saying you'll never age? That seems incredible."

"Isn't mind reading incredible too? Yes, we think that none of us will ever grow old. Mike and the girls are allowing their bodies to mature naturally for a few years, then they will arrest the aging process as well."

"Will I be able to do that too?"

"Absolutely," I said.

"How long does it take to do this? Do we have time to do it today?"

"It's almost instantaneous, Sweety. Just give us the word and it's yours," I told her.

"Now please," she said and snuggled back against me.

Bonnie and I went into her brain and made the change.

<Can you hear me Thelma?> I asked.

"Yes, I can hear you," she said.

<Just think what you want to say back at us. We'll be able to hear, > I told her.

<You mean it's done?>

<Yep. Do you feel any different?> Bonnie asked her.

<No. I feel the same. I like this talking in the mind though. It is so much faster and so much clearer.>

<Now, Thelma, > Bonnie thought. <About changing your body. If you walk into school tomorrow looking ten or fifteen years younger, everyone is going to wonder why. First you're going to want to pick a time in your life when you looked your best and were in the best physical condition you were ever in.>

<That's easy. When I was twenty, I was in college. I was working out every day and I was in great shape. It was just before I met my ex-husband.>

<Were you a virgin at the time?>

<No, I had lost my cherry a couple of years before to a football player. What a disaster.>

<The reason I asked is if you were a virgin, every time you had sex your hymen would grow back. I don't think you'd want that.>

<No way! Once was enough.>

<What I'd do if I were you, > Bonnie told her, <is tell my body to go back a year or two at a time. I'd do this once a week until you get back to the age you want to be. People will notice it a lot less and those that do notice can be told you are on a strict diet and exercise program.>

<That makes sense, Bonnie. We'll do it that way. This should be fun.>

<It is. I did it all at once. That was a mistake. Too many people noticed that I looked too much younger.>

<It was very interesting when we saw her as her younger self the first time though, > I said.

<Mike, I think you'll like me when I get to where I want to be. I was slim and trim and sexy.>

<I hope you don't change too much, Thelma. I think you're pretty sexy now.> I hugged her close and ran the palm of my hand over her left nipple.

We really didn't exercise that afternoon. We did talk a lot. Bonnie, Thelma and I stayed together all afternoon. The girls would wander in and out of the conversation one or more at a time. We told her what we had done about Butterman and about Josh. We even told her about Joe Ferguson and his two buddies.

<Thelma, we aren't proud of these things, but we felt they had to be done. We still feel that way. I hope this doesn't change how you feel about us.>

<No, but Michael, you led me on about Butterman and about Josh. You are a little shit.>

<I call him Michael Allen Green when I'm pissed off at him, > Bonnie told her.

<I'll do that too, > Thelma said. <I'm not really pissed off though. I would have probably done the same thing in your shoes. As for the other three, I think you did the world a service.>

Thelma tried changing her body a little later. She had it go back two years, until she was thirty one. I couldn't see any change and neither could Bonnie. We told her to go back another year. She did, but we still couldn't see a difference.

She then went back another year. Her body was now as it was when she was twenty nine. Some of the laugh lines around her eyes had disappeared, and her tummy was a little flatter.

<I think this would be perfect for going back to school tomorrow, > I told her. <There is a difference, but it is not so noticeable as to cause much comment.>

Bonnie agreed, and we talked about a schedule for future changes. I asked Sharon if she'd bring out a snack for Thelma and explained she had changed her body and that she would need food.

In a few minutes, Sharon brought out a monster shrimp cocktail. There was easily enough for all of us, even with Thelma's increased appetite. Thelma thanked Sharon so Sharon gave her a very sexy kiss and said, <You're welcome.>

<Thelma, there are a couple of more bombshells we have to drop on you, then we'll need to ask you a few questions. We're also going to ask you to make a decision about something. It's not something you have to decide today, but it is very important.>

<Okay.>

<Mike isn't who he appears to be, Thelma. When Mike's body was in a coma, Mike's personality died. He was brain dead for several days. A man by the name of George Halbertson died of a heart attack at the age of fifty eight. Somehow, and we have no idea how it happened, George's personality and memories ended up in Mike's body. The dirty old man playing with your tit right now is really George Halbertson in Mike's body. I hate to say it about my own son, but this dirty old man is really a much nicer person than Mike was.>

<Well, that explains a lot, > Thelma said with a big sigh. <There's no way a sixteen year old could lick a pussy the way he just did. He gave me an orgasm in less than a minute.>

<Does this bother you?> I asked her. She turned toward me and kissed me soundly.

<Does it seem like it does?>

<No Sweety, but there's more. George died in the year 2003.>

<Wow!>

<Yes, wow. Since Mike came out of his coma and told us all this, he has proved it a hundred times over. We had a hundred thousand dollars put away for a college fund for Mike and Beth. By knowing what businesses are going to be around in 2003, and about certain things Mike remembers happening, he has taken that hundred thousand and invested it wisely. Our trading account is almost four million now, and it will skyrocket in a few years.>

<You didn't know the Greens while you were George, did you Mike?>

<No Thelma, so I don't know what is going to happen to us. I didn't know you either.>

<The other bombshell is sexual in nature. Although Mike's body is biologically related to us and although he still has all of Mike's memories as well as his own, Beth and I make love to him. I suppose it is still incest, but I actually don't give a damn.>

<Bonnie, that doesn't shock me at all. I guess I'd have been surprised if you didn't. How can one man keep up with all of you though?>

Bonnie laughed. <He has found how to give himself an erection whenever he wants. It's very convenient. All of us females tend to be bisexual as well, so we all make love to each other too.>

<Goody. Am I included?>

<Absolutely, > Bonnie told her. <That leads in to the decision we are going to ask you to make. Remember, you don't have to decide today. Thelma, would you like to become a part of this family? Would you like to move in with us and share in every thing we have and every thing we are?>

<Bonnie, I don't have to think about that, > she said. The tears were streaming down her pretty face. <I love Mike and I love you. I know I'll love the girls as well. I would love to be a member of this family. All I have is yours. All my love. All my money. My home. My car. Every thing.>

I hugged her and kissed away the tears. <Bonnie, my parents were wealthy. I have a lot of money too. I think at the last audit I own property, CDs and stocks worth approximately five million dollars. I hardly touch the income from it and I've never touched the principal. Can we move it all into one holding?>

<If that's what you want, then yes, we can. We just started a corporation that handles everything we own. We are still in the process of signing everything over to the corporation. I am the CEO. We'll make you the COO, or Chief Operating Officer. We'll issue company stock equal to the amount you put into it.>

<I'm not worried about that, Bonnie. You said we are a family and we share everything. I think we should share equally. Equal shares for every one of us.>

<That's the way we were working it, but you're putting in a lot.>

<It's the only way I'll do it, > Thelma told us.

<Girls, come over here and kiss your new sister, > Bonnie broadcast.

Three girls came running up. Each tried to out do the other as they kissed Thelma. When the last one finished, Thelma was panting. Bonnie moved up and gave Thelma a kiss that would have made Mona Lisa's pussy wet.

When Bonnie finally broke it off, it was my turn. God Thelma can kiss. After a minute or two she seemed to become distracted. I broke off the kiss and looked down to see Bonnie vigorously eating Thelma's pussy.

I held Thelma in my arms as Bonnie ate her to half a dozen orgasms, each one stronger than the one before. Finally, she went limp. I reached down and tapped Bonnie on the head. <She's passed out Sweety.>

<Oh shit. I didn't mean to do that.>

<It's okay honey, I'm sure she didn't mind. Why don't you hold her while I go to the bathroom, then I'll bring out a damp cloth to clean her off a little.>

Thelma and I didn't make love that day. In all honesty I don't think she had another orgasm left in her. She decided she should go to her home and start packing some things so she could stay with us tomorrow night. All of us agreed to meet at her house after school on Monday to help her finish packing and to bring her things over to our place.
Chapter 16 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 15 |   Bottom
Chapter 16
Posted: November 28, 2003 - 11:11:24 am

Monday, October 25, 1976

Beth and I both showed up in Thelma's office at the same time on Monday morning. I was scheduled for two tests and Beth was scheduled for one. Thelma turned on the testing in progress light and asked us both to come into the testing room.

As soon as the door closed behind us, Thelma turned to Beth and kissed her soundly. When they broke apart Thelma turned to me and gave me one of her knee weakening kisses.

We decided that since I had two tests to take and Beth had only one, I would take my government test first. I would then take a break until after lunch, while Beth took her test. I would then take my second test, Physics, in the afternoon.

After Beth had gone I started the government test. What a waste! I finished the two hour test in just over an hour. I stuck my head out and told Thelma I was finished.

She came in the door a couple of minutes later and picked up all of the test papers. She put them in a folder and laid it on the end of the table. As she turned back around, I took her in my arms and kissed her. <Thank you my lovely proctor, > I told her. <Are you having any second thoughts about moving in with us?>

<The only second thoughts I've had is to wonder why I was foolish enough not to stay with you last night as well.>

We kissed and snuggled against each other for a few minutes. I was running my hands up and down her back and caressing her butt. <Do you have any idea how strange this is?> she asked. <I'm standing here letting you rub my ass. To anyone observing us, you are a sixteen year old boy. If anyone saw us, I'd not only be out of a job, I'd also end up in jail. When I got out, I'd have to register as a sex offender.>

<Thelma, it is legal for me to have sex at my age.>

<Yes, but it isn't legal for a teacher to have sex with a student.>

<If you're worried about it, we can postpone any sexual contact until I'm out of school, > I offered.

<Not on your life, > she smiled and kissed me. <If that damned door would lock I'd take you right here, right now, on this table. I was just saying how strange my behavior would look to someone else.>

I kissed her on the tip of her nose. <You are absolutely right love. Once this semester is over, things will be a lot better for all of us. Have you thought at all what you want to do? Are you going to continue working or are you going to devote your time to the business?>

<I really don't know yet Mike. I didn't talk about any plans with you or Bonnie yesterday.>

<Do you have a teaching certificate?>

<Yes, believe it or not, I'm a math teacher.>

<Once this semester is over, we'd like to sign Beth, Sharon, and Missy up for home schooling. With you as a member of the family, it should be a lot easier to get approved.>

We kissed again, then I said, <Bonnie and I have talked about buying a travel trailer and touring the country for a while. Maybe months. Does that sound like something you'd be interested in doing?>

<Most definitely. That's something I tried to talk my ex-husband into doing. I wanted to buy a trailer and spend the summers roaming the country. I've always wanted to explore, maybe even up into Canada and Alaska.>

<Then plan on it. Would it bother you to give up teaching?>

<I'm not teaching now, Mike. I wasn't even doing a good job at what I am doing until you came along. I sometimes go days at a time when I don't see a single student come into my office. In all honesty it is frustrating and boring.>

<You think it was boring before. Just wait until you see how it is now. I don't think we talked about the IQ change yesterday, did we?>

<No. Is that what happened to you and Beth?>

<And to Bonnie and Sharon and Missy as well. It has something to do with the increased blood flow. You're also going to notice that within a few days you're going to be reading at a rate of over four thousand words a minute with perfect comprehension. You will also be able to remember everything you've read or heard or seen.>

<Oh my God. Mike, if we live for a long time, a perfect memory could be a curse. Some things you don't want to remember forever, such as pain or embarrassment. Can we dump those memories?>

<I honestly don't know Thelma. I haven't thought about it. Damn, I already have fifty eight years of George's memories plus sixteen years of Mike's memories in my brain. Am I going to overflow?>

<It's something we need to think about and talk about. We also need to think about a way to catalog and cross reference data. I don't know how important that is, but it would seem like we might lose where a memory is stored if we don't.>

<Let's postpone this discussion until all of us are together. You have brought up some very interesting questions and I think we need to work on them and about a thousand others these are going to uncover. There may be some disadvantages to this too.>

Before Thelma could answer we heard, <I wouldn't think of knocking, but are my brother/husband and sister/wife playing kissy face in there?>

<No dear sister. Come on in. We were just talking about memory.>

Beth came in and looked at us then said. "Did you know that your lunch starts in five minutes?"

"Hell no. Thelma opened up some things we all need to talk about. Time seems to slip away when you're in an interesting conversation."

"Or when you're kissing," Beth giggled.

I slapped her on the ass as I took off for lunch.

I met Sharon and Missy for lunch. After exchanging kisses we went through the line and loaded up our trays. Our table was open, so I slipped in with my back to the wall. To my surprise, Missy slipped in beside me and Sharon sat across from us. I raised my eyebrow at Sharon quizzically.

Sharon giggled then said, "We just wanted to give everyone something to talk about. Before we get up, I want you to kiss Missy for as long as you did me when everyone started to applaud."

"Oh, you evil girl," I said to Sharon. "What do you think about that, Missy?"

"I'm the one who suggested it," Missy smiled.

"Oh my. Two evil girls. What's Alice going to think about that?"

"She's going to think I'm a slut," Missy giggled.

"Is that what you want her to think?"

"Yes. Besides thinking I'm a slut, she'll also be jealous. That's what I really want."

"Okay, but let's eat first. I have to take another test today and I'm going to need the energy."

Sharon laughed. "Are you sure you're not going to need the energy to boff the proctor after you finish your test?"

"No, my dear. I thought about it, but you can't lock the door to the testing room."

Both girls cracked up. Finally Missy said, "It's not fair if you do Thelma before you do me, you know. I was in the family first."

"You know you are absolutely right," I said thoughtfully. "Are you ready for that step, Missy?"

"Michael, I've been leaving a wet spot on every piece of furniture I've set on for the last two days. I'm as horny as a billy goat. When you kiss me I'll probably cum without you even touching me any place else. Yes, I think I'm ready."

"Okay, tonight's the night then. Since you're a virgin, would you like to go off to a room by ourselves, or would you rather be with everyone else?"

"With everyone else please. Sharon has already promised to suck on one of my nipples while I ride you. I'm hoping someone else will take the hint and suck on the other one."

"Oh my. Don't tell Alice that. She WILL think you're a slut."

"That's what I want to be tonight. Your slut."

"Lean over here and let's give these people a show, Sweetheart."

By the time the applause started, I was unaware of anything but Missy's lips and Missy's tongue. Finally Sharon kicked me under the table and the sharp pain in my shin caused me to pull away.

"Wow!" I said.

"Wow!" Missy said.

"Wow!" Sharon said. "Let's get out of here before we're busted."

We did.

I talked with Thelma in her office while we were waiting for Beth to finish her test. "Thelma, how long does your contract with the school run?"

"It goes through the end of the school year. Why?"

"I guess talking about traveling got me all excited. Is there any way you could get out of it sooner?"

"I'd have to think about that. What did you have in mind?"

"Well, I was thinking. If we could get the girls approved for home schooling by the end of the semester, we could buy a big trailer and hit the road south for the rest of the winter. I know New Mexico and Arizona are both nice during the winter months. The southern part of Texas is also nice during that time of year."

"That would be great. I have a niece in Florida who tells me about eighty degree Christmases. I've always been envious of her. Let me think about it. I have a friend who got RIFed from a large school she was a counselor in. She's looking for this kind of job. Maybe they'd let her work out my contract."

"If you're interested check with her and the school. We'll talk with Bonnie tonight."

Beth stuck her head out the door and said she had finished. Within just a few minutes she was out of the room and I was taking my physics test. I must say the physics book being used by the school was a very good one. It covered almost everything on the test, and the rest was mostly common sense.

When I finished I asked Thelma what time she'd be home and told her we'd be there. It was nearly time for classes to let out, so I waited to see if Sharon would like to ride home with me. Of course she did.

We took three vehicles to Thelma's house, the VW, the Suburban, and the station wagon. We pulled in just after she did, and it was like a zoo for a few minutes, until Bonnie got everything organized.

Thelma said that for right now all she wanted to take were her clothes and some personal items. She said she didn't think we'd need all of the transportation, but then proved herself wrong when she filled every vehicle.

Thelma must have worked all night last night getting things packed because most of it was already packed. With six people loading, we were ready to go in no time. Bonnie said to put everything in the guest room, so unloading was a snap as well.

Bonnie ordered in a couple of pizzas for dinner, so we didn't have to worry about cooking. I asked Bonnie and the girls what they'd think about taking off at the end of the semester and spending the rest of the winter traveling through the south.

Everyone seemed to like the idea, so we talked for a long while about what it would take to accomplish it. We also talked about what we would need in a travel trailer or motor home. We all agreed a motor home would be best since we could tow the Suburban behind it and have transportation for going out while it was parked.

We knew we'd want it to sleep at least six, and have seating for that many as well. We'd want a bathroom with a shower and a well equipped kitchen. Bonnie and Thelma thought an awning would be nice, and I had to agree.

We decided that after English class tomorrow, Bonnie and I would go looking. About 9:30 Missy got up, stretched out her hand to me and said, "Come on, Mike. I think it's time for bed."

"Don't you think it's a little early for bed?" Sharon asked with a smirk.

"I've been waiting for this night for almost seventeen years," Missy told her. "If I have to wait any longer I'm going to go completely out of my mind."

I got up and followed her. Sharon was right with us as we went up the stairs. <Missy, would you like for us to wait here, or do you want company?> Bonnie asked her.

<I want all of you there. You too, Thelma. I want to share this with all of the people I love.>

When we got to Bonnie's room, everyone watched as Sharon and I undressed Missy. We laid her back gently on the bed and then Sharon and I undressed each other as Missy watched. I looked over and saw the other three members of our family undressing as well.

I climbed into bed on one side of Missy and Sharon climbed in on the other. I pressed my lips to Missy's and we shared one of the most passionate kisses I have ever shared. While Missy and I were kissing, Sharon started kissing her ear and then her neck. When Missy and I broke apart, Sharon took my place and I went for her ear and neck.

By the time I had worked my way down to her shoulder, Sharon had almost caught up with me on her other side. I felt two soft warm breasts press into my back, then Thelma whispered into my ear, "Take good care of her, but I'm next."

I turned my head and gave her a tender kiss. "Absolutely, Ms. Richards," I whispered.

I turned back to Missy and quickly found her left breast. Missy's breasts are puffies. They are perfectly rounded medium sized breasts with another little mound just larger than her areola supporting her nipple. God they were fun to play with, lick, kiss, suck on, nibble and worship.

Eventually, I thought it was time for me to move on. Missy's head was thrashing from side to side as I left her marvelous breast. As I started to work my way down toward her virginal pussy, I could see that Beth and Bonnie were stroking and kissing Missy's legs.

I reached her pubic hair and played for a while, tugging and blowing on it. Her pelvis was raising off the bed trying for direct contact on her pussy. Beth moved out of the way and I climbed between Missy's legs. Before my mouth made contact with her pussy, Beth was again stroking her leg and thigh.

Missy had four nice orgasms, each one more intense than the last. I was working her toward a fifth when she screamed that she wanted me inside her. She started fighting to get up and told me to lay on my back. Who was I to argue?

Missy straddled me and Sharon held my cock while Missy lowered herself on it. When the head popped inside, she stopped for a minute to get used to having something inside her. She then lowered herself another two inches and stopped again. This time she raised herself about an inch, then lowered herself two more. She continued this until our pubic bones were crushed against each other.

She had a surprised look on her face when she said, "I didn't feel anything tear. There was no pain at all."

"Sweety, a girl can tear her hymen in all kinds of ways. You were still a virgin, now you're not. This way you get to enjoy it more," Bonnie told her.

Missy smiled and nodded, then started riding me. Sharon told her how to rub her clit in my pubic hair, and she soon had the hang of it. This time Bonnie moved to one nipple while Beth moved to her other one. Sharon stroked her back and butt while Thelma rubbed her tummy and sometimes her legs. Missy was being stimulated by the whole family as she reached her first climax. She didn't slow down, but immediately started working up to her next one.

I knew I couldn't last much longer and I told her so. Missy gave me a million watt smile and said to let it go. She was almost at her peak when I did. My cum splashing into her vagina pushed her over the edge and she collapsed on top of me as she shook and screamed her way through her final orgasm.

Missy lay on top of me coming back down to earth. Her breathing began to slow and her heart rate started to approach normal. She raised her head and grinned. "That wasn't half bad," she said. "We'll have to do that again sometime."

"Any time, Sweetheart," I agreed. "I love you Missy."

"I love you too, Mike. And I love every one of you. Now I feel like I really am one of the family."

We lay there a few more minutes then Thelma said, "Missy, there's someone else here who'd like to become a full member of the family. Would you mind if I borrowed Mike for a while?"

"Not at all, Thelma," Missy smiled. "I hope I haven't used him all up."

"I think I can take care of that," Thelma told her as Missy moved off me.

Thelma lowered her head and took my cock in her mouth. She sucked it all the way to the base, then licked my balls and up and down the shaft, cleaning mine and Missy's juices from me. I was hard again in a matter of seconds.

Thelma rolled on to her back and said, "Come on top of me Mike. I don't need any more foreplay. I want you in me now!"

Of course I didn't want to disappoint a lady, so I got between her legs and pressed my erection against her lips. She grabbed my cock and stroked it up and down her very wet slit a few times to get it well lubricated, then placed the head against her vagina.

"Are you ready to make love to a sixteen year old boy?" I asked.

"I'm ready to make love to a man in a sixteen year old body," she answered.

I held still for a minute, enjoying the way her pussy lips caressed the head of my cock. She became impatient and started hunching up at me. I took the hint and slowly lowered my cock inside her until I bottomed out. Again I held in place. "God dammit, FUCK me," she yelled.

I did. The whole family helped out. I had already cum once, so I was in no hurry. When Thelma was coming down from her second climax, she stopped us and asked if I would do her doggy. I was only happy to oblige.

When she got into position, her pretty ass in the air, she motioned Bonnie over. She helped Bonnie position herself, then buried her tongue in Bonnie's pussy as I entered her from behind. God, what a trip. Every time I bottomed out, it would press Thelma's mouth harder into Bonnie's pussy. Bonnie had three orgasms while Thelma was having two. Thelma's pussy was snapping on my cock as she climaxed the second time, and I went over with her. We collapsed in a heap of arms and legs and assorted body parts.

I managed to wiggle up beside Thelma. I lay on my back and pulled her head on my shoulder. Before I was even settled, Missy was on my other shoulder. What a way to go to sleep! What a life!
Chapter 17 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 16 |   Bottom
Chapter 17
Posted: November 29, 2003 - 01:02:58 pm

Tuesday, October 26, 1976

It's a great way to wake up also. I seem to be waking up earlier and earlier. I really don't think I need as much sleep now. I'm not complaining. I kind of like being up first.

This morning I was up early, but I wasn't the first. Thelma had already finished her shower and had made a pot of coffee. When I came into the kitchen, dressed in my altogether, she was dressed for work and was munching on a bagel and sipping a cup of coffee.

"Well, good morning sexy," she said as I went for a cup.

"Good morning to you too, Ms. Richards. How is my favorite school counselor this morning?"

"You'd better stop that Ms. Richards shit or I'm going to take you back to bed and fuck your eyeballs out."

"Yes Ms. Richards. Thank you Ms. Richards. Any thing you say Ms. Richards."

Thelma laughed in a rich throaty tone. "After last night I wouldn't think you'd be trying so hard to get me back in bed."

"Awh. You got me. Thank you so much for last night, Thelma. That had to be one of the most awesome experiences I've had in either lifetime."

"Mike it's so hard to believe that you've had almost sixty years of life experience. You look like a buff, very handsome teenager. You certainly don't make love like a teenager though."

"What are you doing up so early, Thelma?"

"I always go in early Mike. I like to sit and have a cup of coffee and listen to the teachers gossip. Sometimes I hear things that clue me in that a child is having a problem. For a long while I just told myself that's what I was doing. I'd listen, but I wouldn't do anything about it."

"Thelma, my love and I do love you by the way, I can remember a time when I thought I knew more about a customer's problems than they did. I got so I totally ignored what they were saying. On the last occasion I did this, I asked for my company to send what I thought was needed. It turned out I could have fixed the problem with what was on hand. When I finally realized what I'd been doing, I managed to cancel the order and fix the problem. The customer never realized I had screwed up, so they thought I was a hero. My boss realized though and I got a first class ass chewing for it."

"Oh, Mike. I love you too. I love all of you, and I hope I fit in okay. Last night was the best love making I've ever experienced, and I want to keep enjoying that for the rest of my life."

I heard a noise in the living room and when I looked up, Missy was coming into the room. She slapped me on the knee to make me turn around then parked herself on my lap. Neither of us were wearing any clothes, so it made for some interesting skin to skin contact.

"Good morning Missy. Would you like some coffee?" I asked.

Missy smiled and nodded.

"You'll have to get up so I can get you some," I told her.

She shook her head.

I was wondering how I was going to manage this when Thelma said, "I'll get it. What do you take in it, Missy?"

Missy looked at me so I said, "Just a little bit of cream, Thelma."

Thelma got the coffee and brought it over. "I'm sorry, Thelma. Missy isn't a great conversationalist in the morning. She usually starts talking when she's on her second cup of coffee. Until then she communicates with grunts and gestures."

Thelma laughed and Missy elbowed me in the ribs.

"I'm going to hit the road guys," Thelma told us. She came over and first gave me a knee weakening kiss, then proceeded to do the same with Missy. "Thank you for the coffee," Missy said.

"My God, she's only taken one sip!" I said in mock surprise.

Thelma was laughing as she went out the door.

When the bell rang, signaling the end of my English class, I asked Mrs. Barnes if I could speak to her for a moment. She readily agreed, as I was becoming one of her favorite students.

"Mrs. Barnes, I don't know if you are aware of it or not, but I am testing out of all of my classes so I can graduate at the end of this semester."

"I had heard something about that Mike. Are you thinking of testing out of this class as well?"

"No ma'am. I am enjoying your class. I enjoy the writing we are doing here, and even the class discussions. What I was wondering though is if you could go ahead and give me the assignments we are going to have for the rest of the semester. I'd like to go ahead and do the writing and turn it in to you soon."

"I suppose I could do that Mike. What would you do then?"

"I am impressed with your knowledge and your feel for writing Mrs. Barnes. I was hoping I could talk you into giving me some additional assignments so that I can improve my skills. I know this is additional work for you and if you don't have the time, I'll understand."

"Mike, I'll be happy to do that for you. It isn't often we have a student who validates that we are the teachers we want to be. Are you going to have the time to do the assignments though? I assume you have a lot of studying to do for testing out of your other classes."

"Actually I only have three more tests to take. That's one a week and then I'll have from then until the end of the semester with nothing to do but attend your class."

"In that case, I's be happy to. I'll give you your assignments on Thursday. I'll let Ms. Richards know what we are doing."

"Thank you Mrs. Barnes. I'm sure she'll be fine with it."

I stopped by Thelma's office, but she wasn't at her desk. The 'Testing in Progress' light wasn't on so I peeked in to see if she might be there.

Thelma was seated at the testing desk. Her back was to me and her head was in her hands. I couldn't see her face, but I could tell she was crying. I flipped on the testing light and went on in and sat beside her.

I put my arm around Thelma and pulled her close. "What's the matter, Sweetheart?" I asked.

"Oh Mike," she said as she put her arms around me and laid her head on my shoulder. "We have problems."

"We who, Honey?"

"We, me, you, the family. Well, at least I know I do."

"What happened, Sweety?"

"I went into the teachers' lounge when I got here to get some coffee," she told me. "Coach Daniels was in there along with four or five others."

"Okay."

"Daniels was talking about a dumb, rich bitch and her snot nosed kids. I asked if he was talking about Bonnie and he smirked and said she was the only rich bitch he knew."

"Bastard!"

"Bastard he is. I told him Bonnie was a personal friend and business partner of mine, and I didn't appreciate his remarks. I told him if I heard any more remarks like that I'd report him to Mr. Andrews."

"He just laughed and said I could tell Andrews anything I wanted. He said Andrews is his best friend, so I should tell him and see what it got me."

"Was he threatening you Thelma?"

"I felt like he was. He then asked me if I was a rich bitch too. Mike, I'm not good at confrontations. I didn't know what to say to him. He asked if I was business partners with you and Beth too. I know it wasn't original, but I just told him to kiss my ass and left the room."

"Thelma, I think he's just a hot head. I don't think there's anything to worry about."

"I AM worried Mike. I can't help it. If he decides to follow up on this, we could all be in big trouble."

"We'll just have to make sure nothing comes of it Honey. Why don't you say you're sick and go home and talk to Bonnie about this. She is a very wise woman, and I'm sure that between the two of you, you'll be able to come up with a plan."

"I think I'll do that Mike. I'm sure not doing any good here."

"I'll be home right after lunch, and the three of us can go look at motor homes. That'll get our minds off things."

I killed time in study hall until it was time to meet my two lovely lunch partners. After we were seated, I told them we needed to get Beth into the conversation. <Beth, can you talk with us for a minute?> I asked

<Sure, big bro, we're reading an article right now.>

I explained mentally to the three girls what had gone on between Thelma and Coach Daniels. <I'm a little worried about what he might be up to, > I told them. <Could the three of you take turns monitoring his surface thoughts this afternoon? I'd really like to know what's going on in that poor excuse for a brain.>

They all agreed and quickly worked out a schedule for monitoring.

<Mike, he called Mom a bitch. I'd just as soon give him a heart attack right now, > Beth told me.

<I agree, > Sharon piped in.

<Ladies, I know just how you feel, but violence isn't really the answer. Maybe he isn't even planning anything. It's not right to kill a man for calling someone a name, even if it is our mother.>

<I know you're right, > Beth said. <I just want to rip him a new one though.>

<I know Sweety. I told Thelma to go home sick and talk to Bonnie. When I get home we're going looking for motor homes. Give us a yell when you guys leave school and if we haven't found anything yet, you can join us.>

They all agreed that sounded like fun. We spent the rest of lunch talking with a little under the table groping thrown in.

"So, tell me again. What is the worst that could happen if Coach Daniels gets it in for you," Bonnie said to Thelma as we drove toward our first motor home dealer.

"Bonnie, I could get fired."

"And that would be bad because... ?"

Thelma thought about it for a couple of minutes then said, "I guess I'm trying to get out of my job anyway. It probably wouldn't be all that bad. It's just that I'll never be able to work as a counselor again, but I'm not exactly going to starve."

"Thelma, in 1979 we are going to make at least fifty million dollars," I told her. "I know what happens to the silver market in that year and we already have our broker buying large amounts of silver. I think we'd be set for life when that happens," I told her.

"Fifty million dollars?"

"Yep. Could be more. It depends on how much silver our broker can buy without driving the price up. If he can buy three million dollars worth, we'll make fifty."

"Oh, my God."

"Yep."

We pulled into the dealership and got out to look around. I was a little disappointed in that there were far more trailers than there were motor homes. A friendly salesman (How many of them aren't friendly?) came out to show us around.

He seemed to think that Thelma was the mommy and that Bonnie and I were her kids. We played along with it. I thought Bonnie overdid it a little with how many times she called Thelma "Mommy", but the salesman didn't seem to catch on.

He showed us the two different models they had in stock and explained the options available for each of them. We went inside and looked them over. The master bedroom in each of them was small, and when we tried out the beds we found they were hard and uncomfortable.

We thanked the man for his troubles and went to the second dealership on our list. Bonnie was having fun, so she decided to play the Mommy game with this salesman as well. He had three different models to choose from, but none of them seemed any better than the ones we had seen at the other lot.

"Exactly what are you looking for?" he asked Thelma.

"We want something that will sleep six as comfortably as we sleep at home. We are probably going to be living in it for months at a time, and we want to feel like we are in a home, rather than wanting to get back home."

"You realize something like that is going to be expensive don't you?" he asked.

"I won't say money is not an object," Thelma told him. "I will say it is of secondary importance."

"Well, I do have something that might interest you," he told us. "Technically it is a used vehicle. It was custom built. They only took one trip in it of less than five hundred miles, then went bankrupt. It cost over a million dollars to have it made just the way he wanted it, but it was repossessed when he went under."

"Let's take a look at it," Bonnie said.

The guy was a little shocked, but led us around to the used section of the lot. I knew which one it was immediately. It looked like a slightly longer Greyhound Bus. It was gun metal blue and silver. The body was obviously custom made because there were house sized windows at intervals along the side. It was sleek and it was beautiful from the outside.

The salesman unlocked the front door and we went inside. It felt like walking into a house. The first area you entered when you went in was a living area. There was a sofa, a love seat, and a recliner. All were secured to the floor of course.

The driver's cab was separated from the living area with a wall and a door like you find separating the cockpit from the passengers on an airplane.

The next area back was a combination kitchen, dining area. There was a full sized refrigerator and range. There were a respectable number of cabinets and plenty of counter space. Behind the kitchen was another wall with a door.

This led to a small bedroom with a double bed and dresser. A closet was against the wall. A door at the back of this compartment led into a short hallway. On the right side of this hallway was the bathroom. It was almost as nice as Bonnie's bathroom at home.

The hall led to another door into the master bedroom. Most of the floor space in this room was taken up by a queen sized bed. There was a large closet and a home sized dresser as well.

Over the top of the driving cab there was a compartment with a double bed. All of the beds had thick mattresses like home bedding. I flopped on the queen sized bad. It felt wonderful. After Bonnie and Thelma had stretched out on either side of me, they agreed.

<This is it, > I said mentally. <Let's find out what we can get him down to.>

Both of my ladies agreed.

"How old is this?" I asked.

The salesman looked a little uncomfortable. "It's three years old, but it has been setting most of the time. Like I said, it has less than five hundred miles on the odometer."

"What kind of engine does it have?"

"It's a six hundred horsepower Cummins diesel. It has a 200 gallon fuel tank, actually it's two 100 gallon tanks."

"Has it been started recently?"

"Yes, we start it at least once a week and let it run for a while."

"What type of transmission?"

"It's an automatic."

"Does it have jacks for leveling it in uneven places?"

"It has hydraulic jacks. They're controlled off a pump. You can actually level the whole thing from the driver's seat."

"Does it have its own generator?"

"Yes, there is a 5000 watt propane generator that operates independently from the engine. The range and refrigerator are propane as well. The heating is partly electric and partly propane."

"It sounds interesting," Thelma told him. "The thing that really bothers me though is that it is three years old."

"Yes, but it's really like new," the salesman countered.

"Except for the dry rot the tires have to be suffering from, and the damage to the engine from being unused for so long. There's also the rust that has to be going on in the undercarriage."

"There isn't any rust. This is truly a custom made vehicle. The body and undercarriage are made from either stainless or galvanized steel. Even the exhaust system is stainless steel."

"That's a plus at least," Thelma said. "What is the best price you could make us on it?"

"Well, the guy that bought it still owed a little over half a million on it when it was repossessed. I wouldn't think they'd take much less than that."

<Thelma, offer a hundred thousand, > I told her mentally.

"Why don't you call the bank and make a offer for us. Offer them a hundred thousand, cash, delivered to them today. If they take it, fine. If not, we can always look somewhere else."

The salesman went off grumbling to himself. "Do both of you like this thing as much as I do?" I asked.

"I could live in this 24/7," Bonnie told us.

"It's really a dream," Thelma said. There's only a couple of things I'd like to upgrade, and they are minor."

"Okay, if they come back with a counter offer of less than two hundred thousand I think we should take it," I said.

We wandered through the place, looking into closets and checking out everything we could think of. It was nearly half an hour before the salesman came back. He was shaking his head.

"I knew they wouldn't accept your offer, but they did surprise me. They said that for cash in hand today, they'd take $150,000."

We looked at each other and I said mentally to Thelma, <Tell them for that price we want all new top grade tires and a complete engine tuneup including flushing the oil and radiator.>

Thelma passed on the request to the salesman and he took off again. This time, when he came back, he was smiling.

"They went for it," he said. He gave us a time and place we should meet with the banker. He said we should deliver the money at that time, and they would sign over the title. The salesman told us the bank wanted him to take care of the tires and the tuneup.

Bonnie asked him when we could expect it to be ready, and he told us we could expect it by Friday morning at the latest.

The girls were a little disappointed they wouldn't be able to see their new travel home until Friday, but brightened up when I suggested we take it out for the weekend.

Before they could run off to make plans, I told them I'd like to hear what they had learned today.

Beth started giggling. "I learned that Coach Daniels likes to watch the boys take a shower."

"You mean he's gay?" I asked incredulously.

"I have no idea if he's gay or not, all I know is, he can sit in his office and see almost all of the boys' shower room. He sat there and watched until every one of them left the shower room."

"What were his thoughts while he was watching?"

"He was thinking things like; Tommy Watson has a cute butt; Mike Smith sure has a big cock; Those are the best abs I've ever seen, I think he was looking at Billy Bartels when he thought that."

"Those sound like sexual thoughts to me," I said. "Bonnie? Thelma?"

"Yes, Mike, they sound like sexual thoughts to me too," Thelma said.

"I knew he was a prick," Bonnie said. "I just didn't know he was a queer prick."

"Easy Sweety," I told Bonnie. "Sharon, did you or Missy learn anything of interest?"

"He was pretty pissed off at Thelma and Bonnie when I listened to him," Sharon said. "He kept making up scenarios of what he was going to do to them. Things like getting Thelma fired for defending Bonnie. He plans to report Bonnie to the IRS and see if he can get us audited. And, get this, he was thinking he'd seduce Beth as a payback to Bonnie."

"Oh yuck!" Beth exploded. "I'd rather fuck a donkey."

"Well, he is a jackass," I kidded.

This broke the tension a little and everyone at least had a giggle.

"Did you learn anything Missy?" I asked.

"Nothing as interesting as Beth or Sharon," she told me. "He was pissed at Thelma and Bonnie while I was listening also. More at Thelma than at Bonnie right at that time. He has this big plan he's making up as he goes along. Did you ever see the game 'Mousetrap'? That's what it reminds me of. It's kind of nebulous and changes every other minute or so, but it goes kind of like this. He's going to get one of his senior boys to seduce you, Thelma. You're going to like it so much you're going to be playing cowgirl on top of the table in the testing room. He's going to burst into the room and take your picture, well about a hundred pictures, because in his mind you're going to go right on and finish the race. Then he's going to take the pictures to Mr. Andrews and 'get the slut fired'."

"Now, that's an interesting concept," Thelma laughed. "As if I'd let a senior boy seduce me," she paused and winked at me. "I only let junior boys seduce me."

I laughed until my sides hurt. Everyone else did too. We were having such a good time we didn't realize what time it was getting to be. Finally, my stomach rumbled, and I saw that it was nearly 8:00 PM. Bonnie offered to fix something, but I suggested we get Chinese takeout delivered.
Chapter 18 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 17 |   Bottom
Chapter 18
Posted: November 30, 2003 - 10:40:55 pm

Wednesday, October 27, 1976

I know, I didn't even have to go into school today, but I did it anyway. Mostly, I wanted to monitor Coach Daniels myself. I wanted to get a feel for his mind as he thought his thoughts. I know there have been times when I felt I had been wronged and I had thoughts that if someone else had heard them they'd have thought I was an axe murderer.

I stopped by Thelma's office first. This time she was at her desk. "Oh, I see it's my junior boy," she said with a smirk.

"You mean as opposed to being a senior boy?" I asked.

We both laughed, thinking of what she had said last night. "You know, I think a plan is afoot," she told me. "I saw Coach Daniels in the teachers' lounge again this morning. He was very businesslike. He told me he had a young man who was having trouble in one of his classes and asked me if I could see him this morning."

"Are you going to see him?"

"Yes, but I have no intention of screwing the shit out of him. He's due here in about ten minutes."

"I have an idea. Could you unlock that walk-in supply cabinet in the testing room? Also, when he comes, leave the door between here and the testing room partially open. I'll wait in the testing room while he's in here, and if you decide to go into the testing room with him I'll duck into the supply cabinet. Lead him on a little bit and see how far he tries to take it."

"You are a bad boy Michael. Yes. I'll do it. I feel safe knowing you're here and that I have a witness."

I gave her a quick peck on the lips and slid into the testing room. Thelma unlocked the supply cabinet, which was really a room, and left the door to her office open about six inches. I could hear and see everything that went on in there if I positioned myself properly, and with the light in the testing room turned off there was no way he could see me.

<Oh my God! It's Brian Adams!> I thought as the young man came through the door.

<Yes, it is. Now stay out of my head Mike.>

"Hello Brian. Coach Daniels said you needed some help."

"Yes, Ms. Richards, but I'm afraid I didn't tell the coach the real reason I wanted to see you."

<He's lying, Thelma. Coach knows why he's here.>

"And why is that, Brian?"

"Well, Ms. Richards, it's more of a personal problem than a problem with the class as such."

<Thelma, are you aware he claims to have slept with over fifty female students and at least three teachers?>

<Oh my. Mr. Studly.> <mental giggle>

"What kind of personal problem Brian?"

"I'm a little embarrassed to say, Ms. Richards. It's so public here. I'm afraid someone is going to walk in while I'm talking."

"Well, we could go in the testing room, Brian. If I turn on the 'Testing in Progress' light no one will come in."

"Could we do that Ms. Richards? I sure would feel more comfortable talking about this."

"Sure, come on Brian," Thelma said as she started toward the testing room.

I quickly moved back into the supply cabinet and left the door part way open. I saw a tape recorder on the shelf beside me, so I slipped in a new tape and started it recording.

"Okay Brian," Thelma said as she sat down at the table. "Now, what is your problem."

"Well, like I said, it's kind of embarrassing. It's that... okay, one of the female teachers is hitting on me."

"What makes you think she's hitting on you?"

"Well, she smiles at me a lot, and sometimes she... well, she touches me in places she shouldn't."

"Like where does she touch you Brian?"

"Well, she pinches my butt, and sometimes she rubs it."

"That's not good, Brian. That is hitting on you. Is there anything else she does?"

"Yes, yesterday she asked me to stay after class and she squeezed my... my... penis. She squeezed my penis."

"Oh my. That is bad, Brian."

"She's always rubbing my neck and shoulders. When I asked her about it she said she was just trying to make me feel good."

"When she touches you like that does it seem like a sexual touch?"

"Not really. It's more like she's just being friendly. Stand up a minute and I'll show you what I mean."

Thelma stood up and glanced at the closet. <I'm here Sweetheart. I'm recording this, so if he does something wrong, say so immediately. If you want me to step in tell me mentally.>

<Okay Mike. I don't know why but I'm kind of scared.>

<I'm here Sweety.>

"Okay, Ms. Richards, she just kind of rubs my shoulders like this. then runs her hands down my back like this"

Adams stroked and squeezed Thelma's shoulders and then started gently running his hands up and down her back. He continued doing that as he talked.

"You see? It's not like anything sexual, but then yesterday she did this."

He let his hand continue downward and squeezed the cheek of her ass.

"Brian! Stop that immediately!"

"But Ms. Richards, that's what she did, then she did this."

He ran his hand around her hip and cupped her pussy through her skirt.

"Brian. This is sexual harassment on your part. Take your hands off me now or I will start screaming."

"You don't want to do that, Ms. Richards," Brian said as he turned her around. By now, Thelma was fighting him and he was trying to put his lips on hers.

"Please let me go Brian. I don't want to have sex with you!"

"It doesn't much matter what you want Ms. Richards. I want some of your pussy and I'm going to have it."

I thought now would be a good time to come out of the cabinet. I stepped out and said, "Let her go, Brian. If you want to live, let her go."

I think it was the fact that someone was there rather than what I said that made him release Thelma as quickly as he did. "You're in big trouble now, Brian," I told him.

"She was coming on to me man. I was trying to get away from her."

"I was in the supply cabinet the whole time punk. I heard everything and I even tape recorded it. You are in serious trouble."

Brian blustered and threatened for a couple of minutes but finally gave in when we told him we wouldn't prosecute if he told us who put him up to it.

"It was Coach Daniels," he said. "He wanted me to fuck Ms. Richards and when I was porking her I was supposed to kick the table and he'd come running in and take pictures."

"Why did he pick you, Brian?" Thelma asked.

"Because I've fucked a lot of girls here."

"Don't you have any feeling for these girls, Brian?"

"God put girls here for us to fuck. That's their only purpose. If it wasn't for tits and cunts females wouldn't be worth a shit."

"Okay, Brian. You are now going to kick the table like you're supposed to. I want to see the look on Daniels' face when we're all just standing here looking at him."

Reluctantly, Adams kicked the table three times. Within seconds, Coach Daniels came bursting through the door, camera at the ready. "Going bird watching coach?" Thelma asked. "Or are you more into action photos?"

"I don't know what you're talking about, Ms. Richards. I was just walking by and I heard a suspicious noise."

"So you came bursting in, camera ready to shoot, right?" I asked.

"Keep your mouth shut you snot nosed little rich bastard," he shouted. "Get your ass to class now!"

"I'm sorry Coach, but I don't have any classes today. By the way, Brian has told us all about your little drama you have set up. It was a stupid plan to begin with and you picked a stupid kid to execute it."

"I told you to shut up cocksucker. If you give me any more lip I'm going to personally cut your cock off and shove it down your throat."

"Now, coach. You should really be careful of what you're saying. There are witnesses here you know."

"Yeah, two of you against two of us. Our word against yours. The principal is going to believe me, because we're good friends."

"In that case you probably wouldn't mind answering a question I have. Do you get off watching all the boys in the shower or is it just a few special ones?"

"You don't know what you're talking about fuck head."

"Well, a friend of mine heard you commenting on some of the boys in the shower yesterday. You said one had a big cock, another one you said had a cute butt, and still another had great abs according to you. I wasn't told the names of the kids you were commenting on, but I'm sure they remember."

"You little fuck head! I'm going to kill you for this. Come on Brian, we're getting out of here."

Brian started moving toward the door so I said, "One more thing Coach. If you'll look at the bottom of that door there, you'll see a microphone sticking out a little way. I've taped everything from the time this little turd came into the room. I'm sure the authorities will be interested in this, including your threats."

Daniels made a lunge for me and I stepped aside at the last instant. I was turning to meet his next attack I saw that Thelma had picked up a metal letter tray. When Daniels was close enough, Thelma swung for the cheap seats. Babe Ruth would have been proud. Daniels went down and never even attempted to get up.

<Thelma my love, go call 911 and tell them we were attacked. I love you Sweetheart, and thanks for helping.>

<I'm on my way, Lover. I love you too.>

Brian saw his chance and was out the door before I could even try to stop him. Thelma stuck her head back in the door and said the police were on their way. <Sweety, when the police ask, I'm the one hit him, > I told her.

<Why, Mike? Wanting to look macho?> She asked with a grin.

<No Lover. I'm a minor. If he files charges it would be better if they were against me.>

<That's not going to happen, Mike. I did it and I'll take the blame. Besides I've already signed everything I have over to the corporation. Let him sue me for damages. He can't get a thing. I haven't taken any shares of stock from the corporation so I'm clear on that.>

<But Sweety... >

<No buts Mike. We're up front about it all. Now, get in the cabinet there and make a copy of that tape. Give the police the copy but tell them it's the original.>

<Yes Ms. Richards, > I said jokingly.

<Don't give me any of that Ms. Richards shit. If you can fuck me blind, you can surely call me Thelma.>

I looked around and didn't see anyone coming. Daniels was still out, so I pulled her into my arms and kissed her soundly.

<Beth, Sharon, Missy, Bonnie. Family emergency people!>

<What's up?> Beth asked. I could feel the other family members, but they kept quiet so we could talk.

<Coach Daniels tried to get Thelma raped. He then came after me but Thelma took him out. I need someone here now to take a tape away and hide it so it can't be found.>

<On my way, > Beth said.

<What can we do?> Bonnie asked.

<Get hold of Phil and see if one of his partners can represent Thelma on an assault charge. Daniels lunged at me and I sidestepped him. He came back, this time at Thelma and she laid him out with a metal paper tray.>

<Way to go Thelma!> four mental voices yelled.

Beth came in and I handed her the original tape. I'd copied it while she was on the way down. I put the copy into the recorder and put it back on the shelf. Daniels was starting to stir, and I was getting a little worried when the same two officers who had been here for Sharon showed up.

Thelma gave them our version of what had happened. They questioned Thelma for about half an hour, then began on me. They had kept us separated, but I had listened in mentally, so I knew exactly what Thelma had said.

They spent a while trying to punch holes in my story, then Bonnie showed up. She came in like an avenging angel. "What the hell are you doing questioning my minor son without a parent or an attorney present?" she asked.

"Ma'am, your son isn't suspected of any crime. We're just trying to get corroboration for the school counselor's story."

"Then do it the right way," Bonnie told them. "I want your names and badge numbers," she demanded, taking out a small notebook and pen. After she had written down the information requested, she told them our attorney would be here shortly and they could resume questioning when he was present.

The larger of the two detectives told her they thought they had all they needed and got up to leave. "Just a moment, officers," I said. "Would you like a tape recording of what lead up to Coach Daniels attack?"

"You have a tape recording?"

"Yes, sir. I was trying out a tape recorder in the supply cabinet when Ms. Richards and Brian Adams came into the room. I have every thing on tape from Brian trying to seduce Ms. Richards through his attempted rape right up to the point Daniels attacked us."

"Of course we want it son."

I handed him the tape and said. "I didn't know if it would be legal or not since they didn't know they were being recorded."

"If you were doing something else and just happened to pick them up then it is perfectly legal. What were you doing with the recorder?"

"I was singing into it," I said sheepishly. I had thought of this while I was making the copy, so I had put about a minute of me singing "Moon River", very badly, on the tape before I started the copying.

The officers took the tape and left with a complaining Daniels in tow.

"Thelma, why don't you type up your resignation? You've been attacked by a student and a teacher today. We have it on tape where Daniels said the principal is on his side, so I'm sure there are grounds here for you to resign,"

"I agree," Bonnie told her. "I'll call Phil when we get home and have him look into your contract. Call Andrews and tell him you're so shook up you are taking the rest of the day off."

"Taking the rest of the day off is fine guys," Thelma agreed. "I want to hear what Phil has to say about the contract before I turn in a resignation though."

"Speaking of Andrews, with all this shit going on, the police here and all. Isn't it amazing we haven't seen his pudgy little face down here?" I asked.

"It is kind of strange," Thelma frowned. "The school grapevine would have let him know about this a long time ago. He really should have showed up."

Thelma picked up the phone and dialed the office. "Hi Mavis. This is Thelma. Is the big man in?"

"He what? Strange. Okay Mavis, put me down for being out the rest of the day."

"No, I'm okay honey. I'll tell you all about it tomorrow."

She hung up the phone and said, "Principal Andrews left school about ten minutes ago. He told his secretary he wasn't feeling well."

"Strange," I said.

Bonnie, Thelma and I left together. We took the Suburban and left Bonnie's car at the school. "Mike, could you take me by the Jaguar dealership?" Bonnie asked. "They called this morning and said I could pick up my new toy."

What a beautiful car! We all got out to look it over. The salesman was beaming when Bonnie told him she liked the interior better than what she had originally picked. She asked Thelma if she'd like to ride home with her. I was a little disappointed, but I figured that after this morning Thelma deserved a little pleasure.

Bonnie said she was going to stop at the grocery store, so I should go on ahead. I should have expected it, but the girls were home from school before the two women got there. It seems like they just had to take a little ride before coming home. They went over on the coast highway and took the Jaguar through the curves.

"What a trip!" Bonnie said. "I've never felt a car handle on the curves the way this one does. It's like the tires dig into the pavement as it goes around corners. I know I took some of those curves twenty miles an hour faster than I ever have before."

I told her I understood her feelings of power and control, but no matter how good a car is, there is a point where it breaks loose. "I don't want to lose you, Mom," I told her.

I think it was my calling her Mom after all this time that got through to her. She gave me a big hug and promised to be more careful.

I worked on my English compositions that evening. I spent nearly three hours writing then proof reading. Damn, it sure is a lot easier if you have a good computer with a word processor. Oh well, Sharon said she'd type them for me when I had them the way I wanted them.

I was still writing away when Bonnie came into my room and hugged me from behind. "It's after ten, Sweety. Are you going to work all night?" she asked.

"No, Bonnie. I was just thinking of quitting and seeing what all of you were doing."

"I don't know about the rest of them, but I'm standing here hoping I can get my handsome son to come to the bedroom and fuck me silly."

"Hmmm. That sounds like fun," I smiled.

Bonnie was already naked and I was just wearing a pair of boxers so I didn't stick to the chair. I got up and turned, taking Bonnie into my arms. We kissed. God was she hot! "Did driving that new car get you all hot and bothered?" I asked.

"Did it ever. I've been wet since I pulled out of the dealership. I've had to carry a box of tissues around with me all evening to wipe up the juice."

"Then we'd better do something about that," I told her as I took her hand and led her toward her bedroom.

We met Sharon in the hall, and she asked where we were going. "I'm going to take Bonnie into the bedroom and fuck her until she passes out," I told her. "Would you like to come along?"

"Yes! Please do, Sharon. I want to eat your pussy while he fucks me from behind." Bonnie told her.

We were in the bedroom within seconds. I kissed Bonnie again as she was climbing into bed and she said, "I don't need foreplay. I need fucked."

I was only too happy to oblige. Sharon lay on her back with her legs spread. Bonnie already had her tongue in Sharon's pussy when I positioned myself behind Bonnie and slid into her hot, very wet pussy. I was all the way in in one stroke. I started a slow gently motion, but Bonnie raised her head and said, "Faster damnit."

I picked up speed and she seemed satisfied. Half a dozen long hard strokes later and Bonnie was screaming into Sharon's pussy. I started to slow down, but Bonnie's hip motions urged me on to greater speed.

About a dozen more strokes and Bonnie was screaming again. As she was coming down I could hear Sharon moaning her climax. I continued pumping and Bonnie started building toward another climax. She went through four more and Sharon came twice before Bonnie finally collapsed on the bed.

Sharon moved from under Bonnie and held her arms out to me. I quickly moved between her legs and slipped inside her. Sharon has a glorious pussy. It is so tight and so wet and so hot. I knew I couldn't last long, so I told her so. "It's okay Sweety. Cum in me love. I love you Mike. Cum in me."

I took her advice and did. As I was cuming, Sharon started a moaning deep in her chest. By the time I released my second spurt, the moan had become a scream. I lowered my mouth to hers and kissed her through her orgasm.
Chapter 19 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 18 |   Bottom
Chapter 19
Posted: December 01, 2003 - 09:16:40 pm

Thursday, October 28, 1976

When I got out of English class that Thursday morning, I went straight to Thelma's office. She had a cardboard carton beside her desk and was loading things out of her desk drawers and into the carton. <What's going on Sweety?> I asked.

<Sit down Mike. Maybe you can help me figure this out.> I sat and took a good look at her. Her eyes were red and swollen. She had obviously been crying.

<Okay, Sweetheart. Tell me about it.>

<I had just come down here from the lounge this morning when I got a call to go to Mr. Andrews' office. I knew it had to have something to do with the coach, but I wasn't worried. I knew we had everything covered, having the recording and all.>

<So what happened then?>

<I got to his office and he kept me waiting about fifteen minutes. I thought that was strange, but I figured out later it was meant to intimidate me. He finally called me in but he didn't ask me to sit down. I wasn't going to let him get to me, so I just made myself comfortable and I sat down anyway.>

<Good for you Lover.>

<He started in by saying he knew I was lying about the coach. I told him I had turned over a tape recording to the police that proved I was telling the truth.>

I waited for her to go on. I had a bad feeling and was just waiting for her to confirm what I suspected.

<He told me the tape was blank, except for you singing on it. I told him I knew that wasn't the truth, because I had heard part of the tape.>

<I did listen to part of it, Thelma. I wanted to make sure it had copied correctly.>

<I knew you had, Mike. That's why I told him what I did. He said that since I was trying to bring discredit to a student and to a member of the faculty, he was suspending me until further notice. I'm afraid I lost it. I called him a cocksucker.>

<Good for you. He deserved it.>

<Yeah, but then he said that since I was being abusive to the principal, I was fired. He also said that you are going to be expelled for using the tape recorder.>

<Thelma my love and my lover. We don't need the bastard, or this school. I say to hell with them.>

<I'd agree, Mike but he is going to make it hard on Missy, Beth and Sharon if he can.>

<Bonnie has been working on getting everything set up for them to be home schooled. I'm pretty sure she already has approval. If that's the case, I say we all walk out of here together.>

<Bonnie, can you hear me, > Thelma projected.

<Good morning Thelma. Yes, I can hear.>

<Hi Bonnie. I'm here too, > I told her. <Have you gotten approval for the girls to be home schooled as yet?>

<Yes. I was talking to Phil yesterday and everything has been approved. Why?>

Thelma filled her in on everything that happened this morning. <Mike says that he thinks that since I have been fired and he is going to be expelled, we should all walk out of here together. What do you think?>

<I think Mike's right. I think I should come down there and kick Andrews' ass first though. Mike do you want me to be with you when you go in to see him?>

<I think that would be a good idea, Bonnie. I would like a witness. I'd get Thelma to go, but he'd just claim she was lying. How soon can you get here? I just heard them paging me.>

<About ten minutes. Don't go in until I get there.>

<Will do Bonnie. I'm in Thelma's office and I'm going to have the girls come down here too.>

<That's a good idea. I'm in the car now. Hang in there.>

<Beth, Sharon, Missy, can you hear me?>

<Yes.>

<Yes.>

<Yes.>

<Okay, listen up. I need for you three to leave class now. Go to your lockers and get any personal items out. Leave all of your books in your lockers and anything else that might belong to the school. Then go by my locker and get out anything personal I might have left in there. When you have everything, come to Thelma's office.>

<Will do Big Bro. What's up?>

<We are all going to walk out of here shortly. They fired Thelma and are expelling me for what went on yesterday.>

<How the hell can they do that?> Beth asked.

<Well, in theory they fired Thelma because she called Andrews a cocksucker.>

<Three mental giggles.>

<They are expelling me because I used a school tape recorder. It seems that everything that was on the tape except me singing was erased.>

<So, who is playing games Mike, > Sharon asked.

<Andrews for one along with Daniels of course. They obviously know someone who works for the police or they couldn't have gotten the tape erased.>

<Beth, can you pick up the tape I gave you yesterday?>

<I already have it bro. We'll be in Thelma's office in two minutes.>

<I'm coming in the front door, > Bonnie said. <Why don't you meet me in front of Andrews' office, Mike?>

<I'm on my way, Bonnie. I love you.>

<Love you too.>

We arrived at the principal's office at the same time. We went into the waiting room and I told his secretary I had been paged. She looked skeptically at Bonnie, but announced me on the intercom to Andrews.

"Send him in," I heard Andrews say.

Bonnie and I went into his office and waited for him to acknowledge our presence. He was fumbling through some papers on his desk and I don't think he even realized Bonnie was there. After this had gone on for a couple of minutes Bonnie said, "Come on Michael. I don't think he really wanted to see us after all." She turned and started to walk out.

Andrews jumped like he had been shot. "Mrs. Green! I didn't realize you were here."

"I know you didn't. Otherwise you wouldn't have been trying to intimidate a sixteen year old boy with your clumsy tactics."

"I wasn't trying to intimidate anyone Mrs. Green. I was looking for a copy of the statement your son made to the police yesterday. This is a very serious matter Mrs. Green and I'm afraid your son is in a lot of trouble."

"Not nearly as much trouble as you are going to be in Mr. Andrews."

"What do you mean by that? You can't threaten me lady."

"Oh, I'm not threatening Mr. Andrews. I just wanted to let you know that I phoned our attorney, Phil Shelton, while I was driving over here. He's on his way here as we speak. Phil is our corporate attorney, so he'll be representing Thelma Richards as well, since she is the COO of MBBS Enterprises."

"I have no idea what you're talking about Mrs. Green. Ms. Richards is no longer employed here. I let her go this morning."

"For no good reason too, I understand, but I'll let Phil take that up with you. Word is that you plan to expel my son, Mr. Andrews. Is that correct?"

"Well, some type of punishment has to be implemented, Mrs. Green. Michael was using a school tape recorder without permission, then he made a false statement to the police concerning what was on the tape."

Bonnie laughed. I could tell she was enjoying this. "You really are a cocksucker aren't you, Mr. Andrews? Is that why you're bonded so closely to Daniels that you'll risk your entire career for him?"

"Mr. Daniels and I have no special bond. He is a good coach and I don't appreciate your son and Ms. Richards trying to make him look bad. I also don't appreciate the name calling you're doing. I think I've had about enough of you and your son. I want you both out of here right now. Michael Green you are hereby expelled. Permanently, I might add. Now get out."

"Well, I really wanted to wait for Phil to arrive, but I guess it's not absolutely necessary. Michael, do you have that copy of the tape you made to give to Phil?"

"Yes, Mom. I have three copies actually. I was afraid something might happen to one of them."

"I always knew I raised you right Mike. Okay, we'll see you in court, Mr. Andrews. Oh, by the way, I am aware that you and Daniels were roommates for four years in college. It's amazing what someone will do for an old lover."

We left the office although Andrews was trying to say something. Neither of us had any desire to hear anything else he had to say.

We stopped by Thelma's office and picked up the rest of our crew. "Did you kick his ass Bonnie?" Thelma asked.

I spoke up before Bonnie had a chance to answer. "Thelma, she didn't even give me a chance to say a word. She chewed him a new one. He is going to run through a whole box of Kotex this afternoon to stop the bleeding. She called him a cocksucker and then implied it was Daniels' cock he is sucking. I don't think we're going to be welcome in his office again."

The people we met in the hall must have wondered what all of the laughter was about. They sure gave us some strange looks.

We went back to the house for a while to calm down. It took a while. First the girls had to hear about Thelma's experience when she was fired. Then they wanted a blow by blow account of Bonnie chewing out Mr. Andrews.

"So, what are we going to do with the rest of the day?" I asked of no one in particular.

"We're going shopping," Bonnie said.

The girls all thought that was a marvelous idea and started making plans of where they should go and what they should get.

"Woah! Hold on a minute, people," Bonnie said. "We are going shopping for some very specific things. Beth and Missy, I want you two to buy pots, pans, dishes and silverware for the new motor home. Mike and Sharon, you two are in charge of procuring food for a one week trip. Plan for three meals a day plus drinks and snacks. Thelma and I will shop for towels and bed linens and anything else we can think of."

"So, what are we going to do with all of this stuff?" I asked.

"We're picking up our new motor home at 8:00 AM tomorrow. We are going to load everything in it and take off for parts unknown for at least a week. Maybe for much longer. We are going to hook the Suburban on behind it so we will have a vehicle to drive while the motor home is parked. When we get home from shopping, I want every one of you to pack clothes for a couple of weeks. Beth, Sharon, and Missy, you are all close enough in size that you can wear each other's clothes. Pack things that you can share with each other."

"Gee, Bonnie, I guess I could start wearing dresses too if you want me to share as well," I said.

"Actually, I have plans for you, young man. We're going to tie you to the bed naked and use you as we will, 24 hours a day, seven days a week."

"I feel sorry for you guys then."

"Why do you feel sorry for us?" Bonnie asked.

"Because you're going to have to clean up all the messes I make in the bed."

"I guess that could be a problem. We'll have to look at the logistics. Anyway people, hit the road. We have a lot to do today."

I'm glad Bonnie put Sharon with me. I was ready to head to the grocery store, but Sharon said we needed to figure out menus first. I thought that was a waste of time at first, but when we got started I began to realize everything I would have missed if we hadn't done this in an organized manner.

"How'd you get so smart about this?" I asked my future wife.

"Home-Ec," she said. "Planning the menus reminds you of all of the food items you need as well as spices and measuring cups and spoons and other things you just wouldn't think about."

I enjoyed grocery shopping with Sharon. We did a lot of silly things like racing shopping carts and the like. The main thing I liked though was the companionship. The only thing that bothered me was that the events of the morning kept haunting me.

"Sharon my love," I said as we were going through the produce aisle. "We really can't let them get away with this. If they can do this kind of thing to us, they can do it to anyone."

"I was thinking the same thing, Mike. I just don't know what we need to do to stop them. If evidence we turn over to the police is destroyed, who can we trust?"

"The only ones I trust are family Sweetheart. We'll talk about it this week. I'm sure we'll come up with something."

Getting packed and ready for tomorrow morning was a lot easier than I expected. My wife, when I was George, always took at least three times as long to pack as any normal human being would have taken. I always became frustrated with her, then angry, and we usually ended up in a big argument. Not so with the ladies I am living with now.

I think 90% of the reason they managed to get things done so efficiently was due to the telepathy. Mental messages were flying back and forth with surprising speed and regularity as the girls decided what to take and what to buy if it was needed.

Beth is a whirlwind. She attacks everything like there is no tomorrow. She sometimes makes mistakes, but she is always plunging ahead. As a matter of fact, I earned a punch on the shoulder when I told her she was like a plumber's helper. She asked me what I meant, and I told her she was a plunger.

Sharon is an organizer. In that respect she is my opposite. I always said I was a good engineer but not a great one, because I wasn't organized enough to be a great engineer. I was always great at coming up with new ideas of how to do something. I was barely adequate at getting everything organized. I was terrible at getting reports out on time. Sharon seemed to put it all together. She made a list of all of the clothing and accessories they would need and another list of things like toiletries. On each list she broke it down as to what could be shared and what was private, I don't care how much you love someone, you don't want to share their toothbrush. She then gave copies of the lists to Beth and Missy.

Missy, what can I say about Missy? She never appears to be hurrying, but she is always one of the first to be done with anything. She goes quietly about her business and before anyone realizes it she is finished and helping someone else. Beth on the other hand lets everyone know what she's doing and how she's doing it.

Bonnie and Thelma are both mature women who are very confident in their abilities. Both, however, thought there was no way a man, or a sixteen year old boy for that matter, could possibly pack for himself. I tried to explain to them that I had always packed for myself for work trips, but evidently both of them are selectively deaf. To be honest with you, I sort of liked it.

Friday, October 29, 1976

We were to pick up the motor home at 8:00 AM but my internal clock woke me at six. I got up and did my morning bathroom duties then went down to make coffee. I was just pouring my first cup when Missy came wandering in looking like a little girl who'd lost her teddy bear.

I poured her a cup as well and moved them over to the table. When I sat down, Missy immediately claimed a place on my lap. I kissed her and cuddled her while we drank our first cup.

When I came back with refills, Missy again sat on my lap, but this time she sat facing me, her legs on each side of mine. I gave her what I intended to be a tender, loving kiss, but which soon turned into a passionate one.

My dick sprang up immediately, and Missy started rubbing her sweet pussy along the under side of it. "Do you know what you're getting yourself into little girl?" I asked.

Missy smiled and nodded her head. She kept up her rocking motion until I didn't think I could take it any more. I grabbed her hips to stop her motion, then told her to raise up. When she did, I moved the head of my cock until it was touching her vagina. She smiled and lowered herself onto me.

We sat, locked together, for a couple of minutes. This let me calm down a little and let Missy become accustomed to the invader in her pussy. I started playing with her nipples, and Missy moaned her appreciation.

I pulled her face to me and kissed her. This kiss was intended to be passionate, and it was even beyond my expectations. I could feel Missy's pussy grasping me, pulsing without the rest of her body moving at all. Finally I grabbed the cheeks of her ass and raised her slightly, then let her down again. I repeated this a few times until Missy took the hint and started moving up and down on her own.

I must have been hitting her G-spot, because within half a dozen strokes she was moaning, then screaming through her first climax. I rode it through with her, then held her as she came down. She had just started moving again when Sharon came into the room, rubbing her eyes and yawning.

Sharon came over to us, picked up my coffee cup and took a large drink. "I've got next," Sharon said as she leaned over and started kissing and sucking on Missy's left nipple.

It wasn't long before I could feel Missy building toward another orgasm. I knew it was going to be hard for me to keep from cuming with her, so I started gently rubbing her clit with one hand. I wet the middle finger of my left hand where we were joined together, then reached around and slowly started inserting it into her backdoor. The results were immediate and far beyond what I had expected. Her movements became erratic and her vocalizations became intense.

Missy's whole body started quaking as she told the neighborhood how good her climax was. She collapsed against me with a final moan, and I held her as she calmed down.

When she finally raised her head and kissed me, Sharon slapped her on the butt and said, "Okay, move it over girl. It's my turn."

Missy stuck her tongue out at Sharon, but lifted off me and moved into the chair next to me. Sharon immediately assumed the same position Missy had been using, and lowered herself onto my very wet and ready cock. She started a slow up and down motion as she leaned in to kiss me. She broke our kiss and said, "I really like this position. I don't think you've ever been this deep inside me Mike."

I started gently caressing her sides and hips, and occasionally moving my hands around on her butt. Within a minute she started increasing her speed, and I could feel my own approaching fulfillment. "I'm going to cum, Love," I told her.

"Good! I want you to cum inside me," she whispered. "Cum in me Mike. Please cum in me now!" Sharon screamed.

What can I say? I did. I don't know if my climax put her over or her climax put me over. All I know is it was one of the best orgasms of either lifetime. As we sat there basking in the afterglow, Missy brought us both fresh cups of coffee. She leaned in and kissed each of us, then said, "That was beautiful."

Sharon and I each put an arm around Missy and drew her in close. "We love you Missy," I told her. Sharon nodded her agreement.

"I know you do. I love both of you too. I still say it sounds strange though to say you love two people and mean it in the same way. I am so happy you all decided to include me in the family."

"So are we Missy," Sharon told her.

"Awh ain't that sweet," we heard Beth say as she came into the kitchen.

"Come over here sis," I said. "We're having a group hug and want you to be part of it."

Beth came over to the side of Sharon and I that was opposite Missy. We put our arms around her and all of us assured her we loved her.

The four of us ate some Bear Claws Sharon and I had picked up yesterday and finished our coffee. We figured it would be a little much to try to crowd all of us into the same shower, so Sharon and I used the one off of Bonnie's room while the girls used the one by Beth's old room.

Bonnie and Thelma were just starting to wake up as Sharon an I were dressing after our shower. We both went over and kissed them. "There is a fresh pot of coffee and some sweet rolls in the kitchen," I told them. "The girls and I are going to load the Suburban while you guys wake up."

Thelma grabbed me by the ears and pulled me down on top of her. "You don't think you're going to get out of here with just one kiss, do you young man?" she asked.

"Hey, you can get as many kisses as you'd like pretty lady. As long as you are up showered, dressed and ready to go in thirty five minutes."

Thelma kissed me soundly, once, then said,"Get off me you lout. I have to get ready to pick up our new chariot."

I laughed as I got up. "First I'm a young man you want to kiss, then within seconds I'm a lout. I'll never understand women."

"Let's put it this way, you are a loutish young man that I love to kiss. Maybe we'll have to make Bonnie drive so I can get a little more than a couple of kisses."

"I can see this trip is going to be a lot more interesting than I'm used to," I told her. "Usually I'm trying to overcome boredom."

"Not any more," Bonnie told me then kissed me again. "Now, get out of here so we can make ourselves beautiful."

I got.
Chapter 20 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 19 |   Bottom
Chapter 20
Posted: December 03, 2003 - 12:23:03 am

It took us longer to move everything we'd packed from the suburban to the motor home than it did to pack it. It also took two trips. While Bonnie and Thelma went back for the second load, I was going over the features of the vehicle with the salesman.

I had him go over the leveling and on how to hook up to the facilities at a campground. Nothing was too complicated, so we finished fairly quickly. I then drove the RV around the lot a couple of times to get the feel of it. God the thing was huge. I had driven RVs when I was George. I had even taken special training for driving them. The power steering and brakes were excellent, so there wasn't a lot of physical strain.

When the Suburban was hooked on the back and everyone was aboard and settled I asked Bonnie the big question, "Where the hell are we going?"

Bonnie got a big laugh out of that. "I guess I have been pretty secretive about that, haven't I? Get on route 80 headed east. We're going to Nevada."

"Are the passes clear?" I asked.

"I checked with AAA this morning. All the roads are open, and free of snow. It may be the last time this year they can say that, so I thought it would be a good time for us to head in that direction."

I put the travel monster in gear and eased my way out of the lot. I checked the fuel gauge and decided we could get on the highway and find a truck stop safely.

We stopped just outside of Oakland and I filled the diesel's tanks. It's quite a shock when you pump in almost two hundred gallons. I sure am glad it wasn't at 2003 prices. It also took a while. We also filled the propane and water tanks. I was getting a little hungry, so we pulled over into the truck parking area.

The girls fixed sandwiches and soft drinks which we ate while we sat around the living room and talked. Sharon found my lap, and decided she was better at feeding me than I was at feeding myself. I'll have to admit I enjoyed having the attention.

"Bonnie, would you like to drive for a while, now that we're on the open road?" I asked.

"Mike, it scares the pee out of me to think of driving something this big, but it also makes me wet. Yes, I'd like to try. Will you sit up front with me while I do?"

"Of course. I won't abandon you. I think you'll get used to it quickly though. After you've had a turn, we'll see if Thelma would like to give it a spin."

"Oh yes, I want to try," Thelma said. "It's kind of like having sex for the first time though. Just as Bonnie said, it scares you to death, but it is also very exciting."

I had Bonnie drive around the parking lot a couple of times, then pull back into the slot we had been in. She did very well, but I could see she was a little nervous, especially with the Suburban hooked on the back.

She was confident enough to get her out on the road, so we did. She held just below the speed limit, which was fine with me. We were on the road in the early afternoon, so we would be missing rush hour traffic, which was also fine by me.

Bonnie had been driving for just a little over an hour and we were and we were approaching Sacramento when she pulled into a rest stop and asked for me to take back over. I told her how well she had done, and she gave me one of her million watt smiles.

"It scared me at first," she said. "After I was driving a while I really began to enjoy it. You're so high up you can see everything."

We all got out and stretched our legs. I found out the rest of the family had been playing cards as we traveled. We romped around a little while, playing grab ass and tickle monster, then I told everyone I'd like to get by Sacramento before their rush hour started, so we hit the road.

I was driving and Thelma was riding shotgun as we started our climb toward Donner Pass. Once we had gotten out of the range of Sacramento traffic, I slowed us down so everyone could enjoy the scenery. I had been driving an hour and a half or so when I decided it would soon be time to eat.

I called Bonnie on the intercom and asked her to come up and talk with Thelma and I for a minute. When she came in I asked her if she'd like for us to stop so we could prepare dinner, or would she rather we found a place and ate out.

After discussing it, we decided to stop in Truckee and get something to eat and check on the latest road conditions.

While we were eating at a truck stop in Truckee, I happened to notice a couple of state troopers at the counter. I went over and talked with them for a couple of minutes, asking about road conditions. They told me the roads were clear, but it was definitely cold, so to be careful, especially after the highway started down toward Reno.

It was just starting to get dark as we left Truckee. We hadn't gone more than five miles when a light snow began to fall. It wasn't anything serious and the officers I had talked with said there wasn't any accumulation predicted.

I was following a car that was taking it kind of slow. I made sure I stayed far enough back to stop if he suddenly stopped in front of me. We had just reached an area where the mountain dropped off sharply on the right side of the road when I saw the car swerve sharply.

I applied my brakes and watched, sickened to my soul, as the car hit the guard rail and plunged over the side of the mountain. A deer ran off, across the median as I reached the spot where the car went out of control. Sharon, who was riding shotgun gasped then buried her head in her hands as I pulled off on the shoulder.

I grabbed her shoulder and shook her. "Get me a heavy coat," I shouted at her, trying to break her out of her shock. I got out, not waiting for her to return and went over to where the car had broken through the guardrail.

I could see the car about fifty feet below me. It had come to rest against a tree that looked to be about four inches in diameter. It didn't look like it was going anywhere. The lights were still on, but it looked like the engine had died since the rear wheels were not turning.

I was trying to see if there was a way down to the vehicle when Sharon showed up with a coat for me and the rest of the family in tow. Damn it was steep. I couldn't see any hand or footholds and I knew we didn't have any rope in our RV.

"Bonnie, get all of the sheets you bought and bring them here. We'll also need a knife."

Bonnie was running to the RV before I even finished speaking. Beth followed her to help. When they got back, I took the knife and started a cut midway of the top of a sheet. I then tore the sheet in half. "Someone do the other sheets like I just did this one," I told them as I was tying the two halves of the sheet end to end.

Working together, we soon had a rope that would reach below the car. I tied one end of it to the guardrail post and started down. My hands were freezing, but I knew I wouldn't have as good a grip on the sheets if I were wearing gloves.

I was beginning to worry about the occupants of the car since I hadn't seen any movement inside the vehicle. I lost track of it as I was going down as I had to focus all of my attention on climbing. When I got down to the level of the car, I had to swing slightly to my right to get to it. I was able to walk across the face of the mountain, and it was a short enough distance I wasn't feeling a lot of sideways pull on our makeshift rope.

I could see in the passenger side window. There was a man behind the wheel and a woman in the passenger seat. Both were slumped forward, obviously unconscious or dead. There were two smaller bodies in the back, both lying against the back of the front seat. The windshield was busted and small pieces of glass were everywhere.

I made sure the passenger wasn't leaning against the door, then opened the passenger side door in the front. The wheels on the passenger side were in a wash that summer rain had cut into the steep slope. The car seemed very stable, so I wasn't worried about it slipping off the tree and going on down.

I mentally probed the couple in the front seat. The woman was dead. There was no response from her at all. I could see from the angle of her head that her neck had been broken. The man appeared to be just unconscious. I was afraid he'd wake up while I was trying to get them out, so I told his body to sleep until one of us woke him.

The girl in the back seat was starting to wake up as I climbed into the car. She had been holding a large teddy bear when they hit the guardrail, and it probably saved her life. The boy who had been riding behind his father hadn't faired as well. His right arm was badly broken, with the bone protruding through the skin. The jagged end of the bone had cut a vein and he was bleeding profusely.

I managed to get the vein to heal itself, and the bleeding stopped. If I had been just a few minutes later, he'd have been with his mother. I put the little girl, who appeared to be about seven or eight back to sleep. Her brother appeared to be a few years older, and I reinforced his sleep as well.

<Bonnie, we need to bring these people up, > I told her. <We have a dead woman, a man, and two kids.>

<Okay, if you can tie them on to the rope, I think we can pull them up.>

<I'm going to send up the dead woman first, > I told them. <Everyone has to come out through the door she is blocking. When you get her up, tie something to the end of the rope and let it back down close enough to the car so we can reach it.>

I tied the rope around the woman, under her arms and managed to get her out of the car without falling down the cliff myself. I told the family to pull her up and wished I was up there to help them.

When they had her all the way up, and had removed the rope, I thought of how rough it was going to be on the other occupants to be pulled up in the same manner. <Send down a pillow when you drop the rope back down, > I requested.

When the rope came back down, I took the pillow and doubled it up lengthwise. I cut about three feet off the end of the rope and used it to tie the pillow around the man's neck. This would keep his head off the ground as they pulled him up.

<This is the hard one, > I told them. <The guy weighs around two hundred pounds, so you're really going to have to pull.>

I slid him across the seat and out the door. It was a little harder for them to pull the guy up, but with five people pulling, they managed it with no problem. While the were taking the guy up, I lifted the little girl across into the front seat.

I repeated the process with the girl I had used on her father, then asked them to send me another pillow. I used it to cushion the boy's arm for his trip up the mountain.

They dropped the rope back down to me when they had the boy up. I tied it around under my arms for safety, then climbed back to the top. We put the woman in the Suburban, and laid the rest of the family in the bed in the smaller bedroom. I got back behind the wheel and we took off for Reno.

We kept the people asleep until we reached the hospital in Reno, then told them they could wake up when the wanted. We pulled up in front of the emergency room entrance, and I ran inside to get someone. At the desk I told the nurse we had accident victims in our RV and we needed them to get the people inside immediately. She asked how many and I told her three alive and one dead.

She sent several orderlies to bring them in. I asked for her to call the police so we could report what had happened. I went back into the waiting area and the rest of the family was waiting for me.

"They've called the police," I told them. "Sharon and I will have to give a statement about what we saw when the car went over."

"It's something I'll never forget," Sharon told me. "I don't think I've ever been so scared in my life as I was when I saw the car hit the guardrail and then go on through."

"I'm sorry I yelled at you honey about getting me a coat, but I was afraid you were losing it," I told her.

"It's okay Mike. I was losing it. Your yelling at me got me moving."

"Still, I plan to make it up to you."

"Hmmm I like the thought of you making it up to me, whether I think you need to or not."

When the police finally arrived, Sharon and I explained to them what we had witnessed and what we had done after the car went through the guardrail. I told them about the deer I had seen running across the median.

"Were any of them conscious during any of this time?" one of the officers asked.

"No sir," Sharon told them. "I sat on the edge of the bed with them the whole way to the hospital. The little girl moaned and moved around a little, but the man and the boy never moved at all."

"Are you folks going to be around a while?" the officer asked.

"You'll have to talk to our mother about that," I told him. "We were intending to stay in Reno tonight, then head toward Las Vegas."

One of the officers went over to talk with Bonnie while the other one stayed with Sharon and I. "So, you say this happened just inside the Nevada line?" he asked us.

"That's right officer," I told him. "I had just remarked to Sharon that we had just passed into Nevada. She said something about being in the gambling capitol of the world, and I reminded her we were a little too young to be gambling."

"How old are you, Mr. Green?"

"I'll be seventeen next month, and Sharon is sixteen."

"You seemed a lot older for some reason, young man. I would have guessed you at twenty-one or twenty-two."

"Thank you officer. Sometimes, like tonight, I feel like I'm eighty."

"I know exactly what you mean. I have those nights a lot, especially in the winter when the accident rate goes up. You should be very proud of what you did tonight though. Your family saved the lives of three people."

"It does feel good sir. I just wish we could have done something for the mother. I don't think she could have been over thirty. It's such a shame the kids are going to be growing up without a mother."

"That's what makes my job so difficult at times, son. I wish I could save every one of them. It's just not possible though. The worst is when it's a child. Knowing they will never grow up and experience the things they should have the chance to experience."

We sat quietly until the other officer came back. "Mrs. Green says they can stay a day or two if we need them to," he told the officer we had been talking with. "I'd like them to be here at least through tomorrow in case we need to ask them anything else."

"I'm sure that won't be a problem. Mom will probably want to go gambling, so I'll keep track of where she's at and call in ever four hours or so. Would that be okay?"

"That will be fine. Just ask for Officer Jensen or Officer Talbert."

"By the way, could you officers tell us where we can find an RV park? We'd like to hook up to electricity and sewer tonight if possible."

"We'll do you one better than that. Just follow us and we'll take you to one."

We ended up following the officers to what turned out to be a very nice RV park. They waited around until I came out of the office and waved at them before they took off. It was interesting hooking up the RV for the first time. Of course I had five women telling me how it should be done. None of whom had been present when the salesman had gone over it with me.

It was too late to go buy sheets, so we just used blankets. I don't think any of us really noticed. I know I was so tired I fell asleep immediately.

Saturday, October 30, 1976

I awoke, early as usual, with Bonnie on one side of me and Sharon on the other. I eased my way out from between them and did my bathroom business. I was on my second cup of coffee when Missy came out. She stood a few feet from the table looking totally lost.

I got up and got her a cup of coffee, and when I sat back down I turned so she could sit on my lap. I held my arms out to her and she came over and snuggled in.

I waited until she had taken a couple of sips of coffee then asked, "Did you sleep well?"

She nodded her head, but her expression was just as blank as it had been when she came into the room. When she had finished her first cup of coffee, she was looking a lot more alert. She held up the cup and raised an eyebrow at me.

I stood up, still holding her in my arms and walked over to the coffee maker. Missy giggled as she poured herself a cup and added cream. I walked back to the table and resumed my seat.

Missy set her cup on the table and gave me a three alarm kiss. When she pulled away, she said, "Thank you for taking care of me in the mornings, Mike. It's hard for me to begin functioning."

"Have you always been this way Missy?"

"Yes, Daddy used to hold me on his lap in the mornings until I woke up."

"I'll bet you were wearing more than you are now though."

"Sometimes. Remember I told you my parents were nudists? We often went nude around the house when it was just family."

I stroked her hair and kissed her on the forehead. "You know I love you, don't you Missy?"

"Yes Mike. I love you too."

We sat holding each other for a few minutes then Missy asked, "Could you do me a favor this morning Mike?"

"Sure, what do you need?"

"I'd like to go over to the hospital this morning and look in on the family we brought in last night. Could you take me?"

I smiled at her and kissed her forehead again. "I was thinking the same thing, Missy. I'd be happy to take you."

We snuggled for a couple of minutes more, then I asked, "I'm going to take a shower Honey. Would you like to see if it's big enough for two?"

Missy agreed and we went in to check out the bathroom. It was almost as big as our bathroom at home. It was laid out a little differently, but was certainly functional. The shower was definitely big enough for two.

We finished washing each other, then dried each other as well. I told Missy I needed a shave, so I was getting my shaving stuff together when Missy sat down on the toilet. She spread her legs apart and let loose a stream. "Oh my!" I said.

Missy stopped peeing immediately. "Is anything wrong Mike?"

"No... it's just that I've never seen a woman pee before."

Missy smiled, "Would you like a closer look?"

"Well... yeah, sure."

"Get down on your knees and move closer."

I did as she asked. Missy pulled the lips of her pussy apart, and again let loose her stream. I moved my head around, looking at it from different angles while Missy smiled her approval.

When she finished I said, "Thank you Missy for sharing that with me."

"You are welcome Mike. I love you."

It turned out the whole family wanted to go to the hospital. Of course it took a while for everyone to get up and get moving. Breakfast was great. We had our first meal prepared in our new RV. Beth and Sharon got their heads together and made French Toast with sausages. It was delicious.

When we got to the hospital we realized we didn't even know the name of the family we had brought in. We inquired at the information desk, but they told us they couldn't give out any information without our knowing the patient's name.

I ended up calling the State Police Post and asked for officer Jensen or Talbert. When they put me through to one of them, I told him who I was and asked for the names of the people we had brought in.

"I don't know if we're supposed to give this out or not, Mr. Green, but their name is Salyers. John, Jimmy and Cindi. Why did you want to know?"

"My family would like to visit them this morning and see how they're doing," I told him.

"That's admirable, Mr. Green. From what I understand, Mr. Salyers is taking it pretty hard. He blamed himself for the accident and for his wife's death."

"I don't know if we can be of help or not, but we'll certainly give it a try."
Chapter 21 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 20 |   Bottom
Chapter 21
Posted: December 04, 2003 - 11:33:02 pm

We found when we went back to the information center that John and Jimmy Salyers were in the same room and Cindi was in the room next to them. We went to the room with Mr. Salyers in it first. He was just laying there. Jimmy had the TV on for his side of the room, but Mr. Salyers was just staring at the ceiling.

I went in first with Bonnie. We introduced ourselves and I told him we were the ones who had brought them in. He brightened a little at that. "I want to thank you for saving my kids," he said. "I don't know what I'd do if I'd killed them too."

"Mr. Salyers, you didn't kill anyone. A combination of a deer and slick roads did that. I was less than 200 feet behind you when it happened and I don't see how anyone could have avoided it."

"Mike is right, Mr. Salyers. We had a heck of a time pulling you guys back up the side of the mountain because the road was so slick we kept losing traction with our feet. If there hadn't have been five of us pulling, there were times when we'd have lost you."

"Remember, sir. You are all your children have now. You need to shake yourself out of this so you can take care of them."

"I know I do son. It's just hard. We were having a rough time anyway. I'm an accountant. I worked for the same company for fifteen years, and I was let go four months ago when they downsized. We lost our home and were going back to live with my wife's parents until I could find a job. Our insurance on the car had expired, so it's a total loss as well."

"That's a real shame Mr. Salyers. Where did you live and work before you lost your job?"

"We were from the bay area. That's the only place my kids have ever known. Jenny's parents live in Ohio, and the kids don't even know them."

"What part of the Bay area?"

"We lived, and the kids went to school in Hayward."

I looked over at Bonnie and she was staring back at me. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" I asked.

"We really could us a good accountant for the company," she said.

<I wonder if Thelma would let them live in her place?>

<I don't see why not. They could drive the Aspen.>

<You suggest it Bonnie. He thinks I'm just a kid.>

"Mr. Salyers, we are just starting up an investment company. We don't even have offices for it yet, but we are going to need a good accountant. Would you be interested in working for us. We'll be opening the offices in Hayward, by the way."

"My God yes! You're not joking me are you?"

"No sir," I said. "It is going to be investing mostly in the stock market and in real estate. Do you know anything about that type of accounting?"

"Most definitely. I've been doing that type of work for fifteen years. How much capital do you have invested?"

"It's somewhere between nine and ten million right now. We are growing quite rapidly."

"How much were you making on your last job, Mr. Salyers?" Bonnie asked.

"I was making $18,000 a year ma'am. And, please call me John."

"Okay, John. If you are willing to accept the job, you are on salary with MBBS Enterprises starting today at $21,000 a year."

"Yes ma'am! I do accept."

"I'm Bonnie and this is Mike. We don't answer to anything else."

<Thelma, we've just hired ourselves an accountant for MBBS. Do you suppose he and his two kids could stay in your house for a while?>

<Not a problem, Bonnie. As long as he wants if you don't kick me out.>

"John, you said you'd lost your home. Would you be interested in staying in one of our places, rent free, for a while?"

"Bonnie, I don't know how to thank you. That would be fantastic. I'd insist on paying rent though."

"Nonsense. If we pay you well and treat you well, I'm sure you'll repay us with your loyalty. We also have a three year old Dodge Aspen station wagon you can drive until you get something of your own. You can even buy it from us if you like it."

"Bonnie, Mike you have lifted a great burden from my shoulders. It's going to be difficult making it without Jenny, but you've made it so we can at least survive financially."

"Oh we may be able to help in other ways too. We have three teenage girls in our family. I'm sure they'll be willing to babysit if you need someone."

"Bonnie, I think we should go over and say hello to the young man in the next bed. He's been so engrossed in the TV I don't think he even realizes we're here."

I went on over and said hello to Jimmy. I could hear Bonnie asking John when he was going to be getting out of the hospital. He told her they said he could go today, but they wanted to hold Jimmy until tomorrow.

"Jimmy, I'm the one who pulled you guys out of our car last night," I told him.

"Why didn't you get Mom out?" he asked me in an angry voice.

"She was the first one I got out Jimmy. I'm sorry, but she was already dead when I got to your car."

"How did she die?" he asked choking back a sob.

"Her neck was broken Jimmy. Probably from when the car hit the guard rail."

"Is it true what you said about Dad not being able to avoid what happened?"

"Yes Jimmy. I think anyone would have reacted the same way, and I'm sure their car would have reacted the same."

"Why didn't your car slide when you stopped?"

"Do you know what a Greyhound Bus looks like?"

"Yes."

"What I was driving is a little bigger than a bus. It has ten huge tires where your car only has four small ones. It's a lot harder to get that big thing to slide than it is a car. After everything settles down, I'll take you a ride in it so you can see what it's like."

"Did Mom hurt much?"

"Jimmy, your Mom died instantly. I doubt she felt a thing. Maybe like someone slapped you on the back of the neck or something. Did you go to Arroyo Middle School?"

"Yes. I'm really going to miss my friends. Is Dad really going to work for you?"

"Yep. And guess what. The house you're going to be living in is in the Arroyo school district. You'll be going to the same school."

You could see Jimmy brighten. "Really?"

"Really."

Bonnie came over and said hello to him. She talked with him a minute or two, then we told him and John we were going to go so some of the rest of our family could come in to see them.

We went on over to Cindi's room and Thelma and Sharon went in to see John and Jimmy. <Tell him about your house Thelma, > I told her as we passed.

Cindi was a lonely little girl. She was in a room with a lady who had to be at least eighty. The older woman didn't talk at all, and Cindi was just laying there looking at the television, but not really watching it.

Bonnie and I introduced ourselves and told her we were the ones who had pulled them out of their car the night before. "They won't tell me anything in here," she complained. "I think Dad was alright, but Jimmy was hurt real bad. I think Mama is dead."

"Honey, your Dad and Jimmy are fine. We were just in to see them. Cindi, I know it's tough, but you are right. Your Mom is dead," Bonnie told her.

"Thank you for letting me know," she sobbed. "I was afraid Dad and Jimmy were dead too. The people here said they were all okay, but I knew they were lying about Mom."

"How did you know they were not telling the truth about your Mom?" Bonnie asked her.

"Mom told me never to tell anyone. I guess it doesn't matter now. I could always hear Mama think. When the car went over the edge she stopped thinking."

"How old are you, Cindi?" I asked.

"I'm nine. I'm just little for my age."

"Cindi, your Mom was right about not telling anyone you could hear her thoughts. Bad people would come and take you away from your Dad if they knew it."

"That's what Mama said too."

<Cindi, can you hear me?> I asked mentally.

"Yes... You're not talking. You're just thinking at me aren't you?"

<Yes, Cindi, and if you think at Bonnie and I we'll be able to hear you too.>

<Like this?>

<Just exactly like that, > Bonnie told her.

<Wow! You guys are better at this than Mama was. She couldn't ever hear me.>

<There are four more people here who could hear you too. Please remember though that the bad people would take us away as well. You must never tell anyone about this.>

<Oh, I wouldn't. This is awesome. I could hear Mama when she was at home and I was at school. Can you do that too?>

<Yes. Listen to this. Beth?>

<Yeah Mom.>

<Say hi to Cindi. She's a natural telepath.>

<Hi Cindi.>

<Hi Beth. Where are you?>

<I'm in the waiting room. Want to see what it looks like?>

<Sure.>

Beth sent a picture of the waiting room. Missy was in the picture as well. <The girl you see is Missy. You can say hello to her too, Cindi.>

<Wow! Mama could never do that. Hello Missy. Can you hear me too?>

<I sure can Cindi. It's fun to be able to talk like this isn't it?>

<It sure is. I feel like I have some new friends.>

"Cindi," I said. "As you get older, you'll come to think of us more like family than like friends. Your Dad is going to go to work for us, and you'll be living close. Close enough we can talk any time we want."

"That's fantastic," she said. "Where are we going to be living?"

"You're going to be back in your old school district. You'll be able to be back in school with all of your friends."

"I don't have that many friends Mike. Most people want something from you before they'll be your friend. They want you to not like someone else or they want you to give them things or something."

<Well, as of right now, you have six new friends Cindi, > Bonnie told her.

When we left the room, Bonnie and I went to talk to the head nurse. She told us that John and Cindi could leave the hospital at any time, but that the doctor wanted to keep Jimmy until tomorrow.

"Why don't we get John to go back to Hayward today with Thelma and I?" I asked Bonnie. "We could show him the house and he could bring the Aspen back so he could take Jimmy and Cindi home in it tomorrow."

"You don't mind driving that far?" she asked me.

"I'm sure Thelma will spell me. We need to find out what John wants to do about a funeral for Jenny too. Does he want to have it here, or back in Hayward."

"Let's talk to him and find out," Bonnie said.

We went back to John's room and Beth and Missy were just getting ready to leave. We talked to him about going to pick up the Aspen and to look over the house we'd be letting them use. Then we asked him about the funeral.

"Oh God! I haven't even called her parents. I have to do that right now."

Bonnie placed the call for him. She had the operator charge it to our home phone. When it started ringing she handed the phone to John.

When someone answered we heard him say, "Marj, this is John... No Marj everything isn't okay. There's no easy way to tell you this. We had an accident last night and Jenny was killed." He started sobbing and Bonnie took the phone away from him.

She held it for a minute then said, "My name is Bonnie Green. We're friends of the family. John is so broken up he can't talk."

- - -

"No I don't think she suffered at all. Her neck was broken. Jimmy and Cindi are fine."

- - -

"That's one of the reasons John wanted to talk with you. He wanted to talk with you about a funeral, and where she should be buried."

- - -

"No, John is going to be working for us. We have a house for him and the kids as well."

- - -

"Just a second. I'll ask him."

"John. Marj wants to know if you'd consider having a memorial service for Jenny here, then ship the body home so they could have her buried in the family plot."

"I guess that'd be okay. Jenny and I were never much on funerals or anything anyway."

"Marj. John is okay with that. We'll have a service in the chapel here in the hospital here tomorrow, then ship her home. You'll need to contact your funeral home there and they can arrange for the transportation."

- - -

"Okay Marj. I'm sorry we had to meet in this way. We'll take care of John and the kids for you."

She hung up after saying goodbye. "Now, John, Mike has a proposition for you. Mike would like to take you over to Hayward today and show you the house you're going to be living in. You can pick up the Aspen as well and drive it back here so you can take Cindi and Jimmy home in it tomorrow after the funeral. Cindi can either go with you today, or she can stay with us until you get back."

"That sounds okay Bonnie. At least it should help me keep my mind off things today."

<Bonnie, I want to stay here with you, > Cindi said.

<You little Minx, are you listening in on me?>

<Yes, Bonnie. Is that okay?>

<This time it is Honey, but you should always ask first. There are things that people think that are a little too mature for someone of your age.>

"Why don't you get yourself and Cindi checked out John? We'll get some lunch and you guys can get on your way."

<You mean like when Mom and Dad were going at it with the sex thing?>

<Just like that Cindi. That kind of thing is private.>

<Okay. I'm sorry Bonnie.>

<That's okay Cindi. Just ask first and you can listen in just about any time you want.>

<Thank you Bonnie.>

We all talked it over with Thelma and decided it would take at least eight hours for the round trip. We decided to go this afternoon, but come back early in the morning. When John asked Cindi if she'd like to go with us or stay with Bonnie, she was very decisively in favor of staying with Bonnie. Sharon decided to stay with the rest of the girls as well.

We learned a lot about John on the way over. He seemed to be a hard worker who had just fallen on bad times. I asked what had gotten him into accounting and he told me it was his uncle. His uncle had his own accounting firm while John was in high school. John had started working for him during the summers when he was sixteen and during the rest of his high school career he had worked at least two hours a day in the evenings.

"I always was good at math, and the accounting practices just made so much sense they just seemed to come naturally. When I got out of high school, I took the CPA exam and passed it the first time. I had planned to go on to college, but my uncle said I didn't need it, already having my CPA."

"So, if you were working for your uncle, how did you get downsized?" I asked.

"Oh, my uncle sold out the business nine years ago and retired. I got along well with the new owners and things were going fine until four months ago when the business was sold again. One of our biggest accounts didn't like the new owners, so they left. Several of our other large accounts said, gee if Albertman's left there must be a good reason, so they left as well."

"Ahh I see," said Thelma. "Sheep following the Judas goat."

"Exactly," John agreed. "I might have survived, but I was making more than a lot of the younger accountants. The new management didn't realize that I also knew more than most of the young accountants."

"That's always the way it is. Employers tend to think everyone is replaceable. That's true for a manual labor job, but for something you need knowledge and experience for it is not."

When we got to the house, Thelma asked me to show John around while she got some of her things out of the bedroom. I started the tour then asked Thelma mentally, <What's the matter Honey? Did you forget and leave your vibrator in there?>

<You little shit. If you must know, there are two vibrators, three dildos, a whole stack of nude and sexy pictures of me and my ex-husband, and three home movies of us doing all kinds of things.>

<Do I get to see them all?>

<If you play your cards right you might. Do you think Bonnie would be interested?>

<I think all of the girls would be too.>

<Mental giggle> <Maybe we should make some new ones.>

<I think that would be a lot of fun.>

Thelma came out with a couple of grocery bags of stuff. She put it all in the back of the Suburban and joined John and I. I looked at her pointedly and she blushed the prettiest shade of red.

Thelma gave John a set of keys for the house and told him we'd worry about getting the utilities changed over to him when we got back from vacation. We then loaded back into the Suburban and headed over to Bonnie's house.

The Aspen was setting in the driveway when we got there. I hit the garage door opener and John nearly dropped his teeth when he saw the Jag in the garage alongside the VW and Thelma's Ford.

We asked him if he'd like to come in, but he said he'd really like to look over the place where he'd be living if we didn't mind. We made a date to pick him up for dinner at seven and he took off.

"God. I hope I got everything," Thelma said as we took her two bags of goodies into the house. "I'd be embarrassed to death if someone saw those pictures."

"Would it embarass you if I saw them Thelma?"

"No, I don't think it would. A week ago, yes. Now, we've done almost everything that's in the pictures ourselves."

"Can I look at them then?"

"I knew you were going to ask, you shit. Yes, I guess you can, but the first time I want to be with you when you do."

"That could be fun. We could try to duplicate the poses. Are you going to let the girls see them?"

"I suppose. I'll tell Bonnie about them first though."

"How about the vibrators and the dildos? Are they going to become community property?"

"Are you trying to embarass me Michael Allen Green?"

"No love. I just think it would be sexy as hell to watch you ladies turn yourselves and each other on with them."

Thelma giggled. "It probably would be sexy to put on a show. It really wasn't very sexy at all when I was all by myself."

"Yeah, I know. Masturbation is a lonely sport. It gives you some relief, but it is nothing compared to a little hot bunny love."

"You sure do have a way with words, Mike. I love you anyway though."

"I love you too Thelma."

We took John back to his new home after an early dinner and agreed to meet at 7:00 AM for breakfast. When we got home, I started teasing Thelma about her pictures.

We teased and played and cuddled on the couch for quite a while. Thelma told me she couldn't show me the pictures because they would be too stimulating for a sixteen year old boy and I'd just shoot off in my pants. I reminded her I was a fifty-eight year old man. Then she said she couldn't show me the pictures because they would be too much for a fifty-eight year old man and I'd probably have a heart attack. I reminded her my heart is only sixteen years old and in fine shape.

Finally Thelma gave me a nervous little smile and told me to go upstairs and get ready for bed. "I'll pick out some pictures and bring them up," she told me.

I had been waiting about ten minutes when Thelma came into the room. She had a stack of what looked like fifteen to twenty pictures in her hand. She laid them face down on the dresser and slowly removed her clothes. She picked up the pictures and slid in beside me on the bed.

"Okay, Mike. No one has ever seen these except me and my ex-husband, who took them. I burned the negatives years ago, but just couldn't bring myself to destroy the pictures. Are you ready for this?"

I nodded and she handed me the first picture. In it, she was standing in a living room. She had on a white night gown that went almost to her knees. Her nipples were clearly outlined, and she was standing hip shot. "Absolutely beautiful," I told her.

She handed me the next one. In this one she was wearing a black teddy. She was sitting on the edge of a bed, her left leg drawn up with the sole of her left foot resting against the inside of her right knee. Her pussy was completely covered, but it was one sexy picture.

I looked into her eyes and she smiled and handed me the next picture. It was identical to the last one, but this time her pussy was displayed in all its glory. "God you are beautiful!" I said then leaned over and gave her a soft kiss.

In the next picture she was on her hands and knees on the same bed. The camera was looking at her from the side. She was wearing some kind of pink silky top and no panties. The top hung almost straight down form her shoulders and her magnificent breasts were fully displayed.

The next picture was much like the last one, except the camera had moved toward her butt, giving almost the same side view, but showing just the crack of her beautiful butt as well.

The next picture was the same, but taken completely from behind. Her pussy was clearly visible, framed by her beautiful butt cheeks. Her little rosebud was winking at the camera.

The next two pictures were continuations of the previous ones, but the camera had moved in each until in the last one it was looking at the opposite side of her body from the first one.

Thelma hesitated slightly before handing me the next one. I could see why. She was lying on her back, completely nude. Her legs were spread and her right hand was holding a long thin vibrator which appeared to be about half way inside her. The expression one her face was one I had seen when she had been approaching a climax.

"Do you have that vibrator?" I asked.

"No, but I have some better ones. Why?"

"I'd like to use one on you. I'd like to move it in and out of you vagina as I lick and suck on your clit."

"Oh God, Mike."

She handed me the next picture. It was a closeup of the vibrator about a third of the was inside her pussy. The part that was outside was glistening with her juices where it had been inside her as well.

"Enough pictures for now. I want to make love to you," I gasped.

"Did you mean what you said about using the vibrator on me?" she asked.

"God, did I ever. I'd love to make you feel good that way, then come inside you with my cock and use the vibrator on your clit as we made love."

Thelma smiled and reached under the bed. "Well, I just happen to have my favorite one here."

She handed me a vibrator that was shaped roughly like a cock. It was about eight inches long and roughly an inch and a half in diameter. I smiled at her and slid down the bed. I started licking around her pussy, then slowly ran my tongue from the bottom to the top, splitting her lips as I went. She was so wet she was flowing.

I licked around her clit for a few seconds, then ran the tip of the vibrator up and down her slit a few times. She was so wet that when I pressed the tip gently against her opening it slid in with almost no resistance. I continued licking as I worked the vibrator in and out until it was fully seated. I grasped her clit between my lips and started gently sucking as I twisted the base and started the vibrator.

Thelma screamed and her whole body started quaking. Her butt came at least a foot off the bed and I almost lost contact with her wonderful pussy. Talk about your instant orgasm! I'd never had a woman cum so quickly.

I left off sucking on her clit and let her come down a little. When I thought she was ready I started making circles around her clit with my tongue. I never quite touched it, but I could feel her start building again immediately.

I worked Thelma through four orgasms before I finally turned off the vibrator and removed it. I crawled up beside her and cuddled her until she looked up at me with wonder in her eyes and said, "Mike, I didn't believe it was possible to cum that hard. I have never experienced anything approaching that in my life."

"It was pretty fantastic for me too, Lover. I enjoy making you feel good."

"Yes, but now we have to do something to make you feel good too. You mentioned putting that wonderful cock of yours inside me."

"Always happy to oblige," I said. "How about we do it doggy style?"

Thelma gave me a million watt smile and was on her hands and knees in a flash. "Did the pictures inspire you to want to do it this way?"

"Yep," I said as I positioned my cock at her entrance. I slid the head up and down her slit a few times, getting it soaking wet, then slid inside. It was like entering a wet velvet glove.

I moved in and out until my balls were pressed against her lips. I started a slow rhythm and waited almost a minute before turning on the vibrator. I pressed it against her asshole and she screamed again. The vibrations were transmitted from her ass into her pussy, and I could feel it on my cock.

I kept up the rhythm for a few minutes, then moved the vibrator around to her clit. I made sure I was pressing next to it, rather than right on her sensitive little nubbin. It was only a matter of seconds before Thelma was climaxing again, and this time I went with her. As we both screamed out our pleasure, I heard a mental giggle.

We collapsed on the bed and when I could get my breath back I asked Thelma, "Did you giggle as you were cuming?"

"For God's sake, no. I heard it too though. I thought it was you."

<Hello, Is someone there?> I asked mentally.

<Hi, I'm here, > I heard in response.

I looked at Thelma and she was as dumfounded as I was. Then it hit me who it might be.

<Is that you Cindi?>

<Yes, Mike. You guys are funny.>

<Are you still in Reno, Cindi?>

<Yes. They all sent me to bed though, so I was lonely.>

<Cindi, didn't Bonnie tell you that you should always ask before you listen in on anyone?>

<Well... she said I should ask before I listen in on her. She didn't say anything about listening to you.>

<You should ask before listening to any of us Honey.>

<Okay Mike. You're not mad at me are you?>

<No Sweetheart. I'm not mad. It's just that Thelma and I were doing something very private.>

<I know what you were doing. I used to listen to Mom and Dad all the time when they did it. They weren't as much fun as listening to you though. You guys do interesting things.>

Thelma was giggling as she rubbed my chest. She leaned in and whispered in my ear, "I thought it was far beyond interesting."

I couldn't help but smile, especially when Cindi said, <I thought it was beyond interesting too, Aunt Thelma. I just didn't have a word for it.>

<Honey, there aren't many words that would describe what Mike and I just did, > Thelma told her.

<Aunt Thelma, that thing that made the funny noise that Mike had, could I borrow it sometime?>

Thelma looked totally shocked. <I'll have to think about that, Honey. You're a little too young to be using something like that.>

<Cindi, > I said. <I'm going to try to call your Aunt Bonnie now. Hold on a second before you say anything.>

<Okay Mike.>

<Bonnie, can you hear me?>

I waited a few seconds, but there was no answer. I tried one more time, but with the same results.

<I don't think she can hear you, Mike.>

<I don't either Sweety.>

<If you want, I'll see if I can help, > Cindi told me.

<Bonnie, Mike would like to talk to you, > I distinctly heard Cindi tell Bonnie.

<How do you know that Cindi?> Bonnie asked.

<Because I'm talking to him right now, > Cindi told her.

<I can hear you Bonnie, can you hear me?> I asked.

<Yes Mike. Is everything okay?>

<Yes, we're only able to talk like this through Cindi, > I told her. <I tried talking with you directly and you couldn't hear me.>

<That's interesting. We'll have to look into this a little farther.>

<Yes, we will. Anyway, what I wanted to tell you is that Thelma had just finished making love when we heard this little giggle. It hit me that it sounded like Cindi, so I asked if she was listening, and she was.>

<Oh, my. All the way to Hayward.>

<Yes, my love. I explained to her that she should ask before listening to us and I asked if you hadn't told her the same thing. She said you told her she shouldn't listen to you without asking, but you hadn't said anything about any of the rest of us.>

<You know, I think she's right. I did say she shouldn't listen to me without asking. I just assumed she would realize I meant any of us.>

Cindi giggled.

<I think she knew exactly what you meant, > I told her. <I think the tickle monster is going to attack when we get back there in the morning.>

<Oh, the tickle monster is going to attack a long time before that. In fact, I think there are four tickle monsters that are going to be attacking her in just a few minutes.>

<Don't be too hard on her Bonnie. She said Thelma and I are funny.>

<They are funny Aunt Bonnie. Mike was using this thing that is shaped like a bullet and makes a funny noise on Aunt Thelma. She kept screaming, then Mike started screaming too.>

Now I heard four mental giggles coming from Reno.

<Bonnie, Thelma and I are going to get some sleep. We're leaving around 8:00 AM in the morning and we should be in Reno by noon. Cindi, why don't you contact us in the morning around eight, and I'll let you know when we're leaving.>

<Okay Mike. Goodnight. Goodnight Aunt Thelma.>

We both told her goodnight then looked at each other and started laughing. "You know, with that little shit around, we're not going to have any privacy," I managed to gasp out.

"I know. At her age, with the IQ she has to have, she's going to be able to think up a hundred ways to eavesdrop."

"Oh, well. She's already heard our lovemaking, so we really don't have much more to hide."

"By the way, how do you think she knew the vibrator is shaped like a bullet? Was she watching us too?"

"Shit Thelma. She must have been. She had to be listening with our ears too."

We finally got ourselves calmed down and drifted off to sleep.
Chapter 22 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 21 |   Bottom
Chapter 22
Posted: December 07, 2003 - 10:51:36 am

Sunday, October 31, 1976

It was around 7:30 the next morning and we were in the middle of breakfast when I heard a little voice in my head. <Good morning Mike, Is it okay if I listen in for a while?>

<Good morning Cindi. Yes Honey, it is okay for you to listen in. I'm talking with your father though so I may have to ignore you at times.>

<That's okay. Aunt Thelma told me the same thing.>

"So Mike," John was saying. "The funeral is set for 1:00 PM in the hospital chapel. Are we going to be able to get there by then?"

"I don't see why not John. It's usually a three to three and a half hour drive. Even if it took us four hours, we'd be there by noon."

"I'm just a little worried. I'll have to get Jimmy checked out before the service. We don't have any special clothes for the kids to wear or anything. That embarrasses me a little."

<Cindi, could you get Bonnie for me for a minute?>

<Sure Mike.>

<Hi Mike, this is Bonnie. Cindi said you wanted something.>

<Yeah, could you take a taxi and buy Cindi a nice dress to wear to the funeral? If you could also pick up something appropriate for Jimmy it would be appreciated.>

<Will do Mike. I wasn't thinking about that.>

"John, Bonnie called last night. She says she's going to get a nice dress for Cindi and something for Jimmy this morning."

"I don't know how to thank you guys Mike. I can wear what I have on, so that won't be a problem."

I took out my wallet and handed him one of the company credit cards. "Stop and get something for yourself too, John. You can use this card until we get back from vacation. Just keep receipts."

"You really don't have to do that Mike."

"John, this is for your wife's funeral. We need to show her all the respect she deserves."

<Bonnie, do you have any cash on you that we can give to John for groceries and the like?>

<I have around a thousand, Mike.>

<Don't worry Mike, > Thelma told me. <I have almost five thousand on me.>

"John we are also going to give you a thousand in cash for groceries and gasoline and the like. Call it an advance against your salary if you'd like, but the kids have to eat."

"I was wondering how we were going to manage that," John laughed.

"The refrigerator and freezer in your new place are also full of food," Thelma told him. "Use it up, along with what is in the pantry as well."

<Mike, can I go on vacation with you guys?> Cindi asked.

<You should ask Bonnie that Cindi.>

<I did and she said to ask you.>

<Bonnie, I just worry about how she'll fit in with our life style.>

<I wouldn't worry about it too much Honey. I don't know if you realize it or not, but she was switching between you and Thelma last night watching what you two were doing. I think she's pretty well seen it all.>

<Yeah, but what about the nudity?>

<She's sitting here right now as naked as a peeled grape. The rest of us are too.>

<You're okay with it then?>

<Yes, if you and Thelma are.>

<Thelma?>

<Honey, she could watch or listen to us where ever we are anyway. I don't see a problem.>

<I'll ask your Dad, Cindi. It's up to him.>

<Mental scream>

"John, Bonnie was also telling me that Cindi wants to go on vacation with us. I know you've just met us, but Bonnie wanted me to ask you if it would be okay."

"Hmm. I don't know Mike. I just met you, but you people have done more for us in the last thirty six hours than anyone else has during our entire lives. I trust you and Bonnie and Thelma to take care of her, I just don't want her to be a burden on you."

<Don't let him get away with that Mike, > Cindi practically yelled.

"John, she really wouldn't be a burden. Most of us are too young to get into the casinos anyway, so she would be company for the girls."

<Good one.>

"How long are you going to be gone?"

"At least a week, but probably not more than two. We'd call in every day or so to let you know if plans change."

"It would make it easier on me, and it would help to take her mind off of her mother. Well... I guess it would be okay as long as Bonnie doesn't mind."

This time I was prepared for the shriek that came through my brain.

"Bonnie told me last night she hoped you'd let Cindi go, so I know she's okay with it."

We finished breakfast and hit the road. The drive during daylight hours was much more pleasant. Cindi kept us in touch with our family during the whole trip. We only stopped once to go to the bathroom and to get a cup of coffee.

I was standing at a urinal, doing my thing when it suddenly hit me. Cindi! <Cindi, are you watching me pee?>

<Mental giggle.> <You didn't say I couldn't Mike.>

<I guess I didn't love, > I said as I shook it off and put it away. "Are you watching Thelma too?>

<No Mike. Women don't look at their pussy when the pee. Besides I'd seen women pee before.>

<Cindi, the tickle monster is going to get you this afternoon. You may pee yourself before he lets you go.>

<I know you wouldn't hurt me Mike, so I'm not afraid of you.>

<Good. Ask the girls how bad the tickle monster can be though.>

When we were back in the car, I told Thelma what had happened. She cracked up. "I told you we wouldn't have any privacy Mike. I'm a little jealous though. She's gotten to see you pee and I never have."

Thelma's face went blank for a while then she said, "That little Minx just replayed the scene for me from the time you pulled it out of your pants until you shook it off and put it away. This girl could be dangerous Mike."

I laughed, but I knew she was only half kidding.

The funeral went as well as funerals can go. Jimmy was a lot more upset over his mother's death than Cindi was. Jimmy was pretty much by himself, but Cindi had a six person support system that helped her through it.

John was a real mess. I could tell he still blamed himself for the accident. I leaned over to Jimmy while we were waiting for the service to begin and said, "Jimmy, I know you want to help your Dad get through this don't you?"

He nodded his head and looked up at me. "He needs to be busy all the time so he can't think about what happened. Try to talk to him a lot about sports or things like that. Ask him to get things for you and to help you with things. That'll make him feel needed."

"Okay Mike. When you get back can I talk to you about what happened?"

"You definitely can Jimmy. I hope we can become good friends."

We suggested John and Jimmy stay over a night in a motel, but John wanted to get home. They said their goodbyes and left right after the funeral was over.

Bonnie and the girls had gone out and bought new bed linens after Thelma and I had left yesterday, so we were all set. We decided we wouldn't take off for Vegas until morning, so we had the rest of the afternoon and evening to kill.

Bonnie and Thelma decided they wanted to hit the casinos for a while. Neither were much into gambling, but both enjoyed the slot machines. I asked the girls what they wanted to do, and got mixed results.

Sharon came and sat on my lap. She snuggled in and we kissed for a while. "Would you take us out to dinner, Mike," Sharon asked.

"Of course I would. Would all of you like to go?"

There was a general agreement, so I asked Bonnie if we could drop them off at the casino and use the Suburban to take my lovlies out to dinner. She and Thelma both agreed and said they might have a drink or three while they were playing the slots so it wouldn't be good for them to be driving anyway.

I walked over to the RV park office with Sharon and we asked the manager what the best restaurant in town was. He thought for a minute then gave us a name. "It's pretty expensive though," he told us. I got directions and we went back to the RV.

We hung around the RV until a little after five then Bonnie and Thelma said they were ready. We loaded everyone into the Suburban and then dropped Bonnie and Thelma on the strip. The rest of us went on to the restaurant.

We had so much fun at the restaurant we almost got thrown out. The girls were in a teasing mood, and I'm afraid I wasn't much better. Have you ever tried to get through a meal with four teenage girls and one precocious preteen? Cindi was a trip. She kept us all in stitches with her comments about the people dining around us.

The hilarity stopped when she told us the man at the next table had a gun. "He keeps looking for someone," she told us. "I don't know who it is but he keeps thinking 'bastard' and 'snake in the grass'. I think if the guy comes in he's going to shoot him."

We had finished eating by now, so I signaled the waiter for our check. I paid it and we got ready to leave. "Cindi, where is his gun?" I asked.

"It's in his right jacket pocket."

"Thanks, sweet girl."

As we were leaving the dining room, I stopped a waiter who was passing by. I pointed the man out to him and told him he had a gun in his right jacket pocket. "The guy kept mumbling something about 'killing the bastard'," I told him.

He said he would report it to the manager, so we got out of there quick.

When we were back in the Suburban, I called Bonnie to tell her we were going back to the RV. <Why don't you just pick us up on the way, Mike? This really isn't a lot of fun, and we're both ready to go.>

We soon had everyone back at the RV. When we got inside, Bonnie immediately started to undress. <Bonnie, should we undress in front of Cindi?> I asked.

<I don't see why not, Mike. Cindi broadcast images of you and Thelma making love last night to all of us. She also broadcast the images of you taking a pee this morning. She's seen all any of us has, and she isn't shy about getting naked herself.>

I started stripping as well, and Cindi giggled. "You know young lady, I promised you a visit from the tickle monster. Keep it up and he might visit sooner than you think."

Cindi stuck her tongue out at me and ran into the smaller bedroom.

I finished undressing and sat down on the sofa. A very naked Sharon plopped herself on my lap. We kissed and cuddled for a few minutes, but Sharon seemed a little distracted.

"Is something bothering you Sweetheart?" I asked.

"I don't know Mike. It's just that going to the funeral today reminded me of when my Mom died."

"I know how you feel love. George was in his middle thirties when his mother died. It still bothers me to think about it."

We cuddled for a while longer and I decided I really needed to go to the bathroom. "Cindi, you are not to watch me when I go to the bathroom. Okay?"

"Mike, you're no fun. I can play the other time back any time I want to though," she said with a giggle.

When I came back out, Sharon was sitting on the couch, looking at a picture. I tapped her on the knee and she got up, then parked on my lap again when I was seated.

"Who's picture were you looking at Honey?" I asked when we were settled.

"It's the only one I have of my Mother," she told me as she handed it to me.

To say I was shocked when I looked at the picture would have been the understatement of the year. Could it be?

"Oh my God, Sharon!"

"What's the matter Mike?"

"Sweetheart, when were you born?"

"March 2, 1962."

"Were you born in California?"

"No, I was born in Georgia."

"Oh God! Sharon, I have to tell you a little story. In 1960 and 1961, I, George Halbertson, was a sophomore in high school. Right after the start of the year I started dating a young lady. She was a beautiful girl, and for some reason she loved me. Her parents didn't think I was good enough for her though, and did everything in their power to break us up. It didn't work though and we dated all through the school year."

Sharon was looking at me a little puzzled but I went on.

"Hang with me Sweetheart. You'll see the connection in a minute," I told her.

I looked around the room and saw that everyone was watching and listening to me. "School had just let out and on the fourth of July, she told me she was pregnant. I had been her first and only, so we knew it had to be mine. I told her I wanted to get married, and she agreed. Two days later, I went over to her house and her mother met me at the door. She told me her daughter had left the state and that she was going to have an abortion. I never saw her again."

Sharon now had a frightened look. I hugged her close and kissed her nose. "Sharon, I lived in Georgia at the time. The girl's name was Jennifer Alexander."

"My God! That was my Mom's maiden name."

"Sweetheart, the timing is right. The place is right. The name is right. I think you are my daughter."

Sharon put her head on my shoulder and started sobbing. I held her and rubbed her back. I told her I loved her. She hugged me back, but it was a long time before she started to calm down.

"Sharon, I am so sorry," I told her.

"Sorry? Don't you dare be sorry Michael Allen Green! You have just made me the happiest girl in the world."

I looked over at Bonnie and she just smiled and nodded.

"How did I do that Love?"

"That sick bastard that beat me up is not my father. You are!"

"I know Sweetheart, but I'm in love with you as a wife, not as a daughter."

"I know that Mike and I love you as a husband, but now I can also love you as my father."

"Isn't this a little like incest?"

"Incest my ass! If you can use the excuse that your mind is different to have sex with Bonnie and Beth, you can surely use the excuse that your body is different to have sex with me."

I had to smile. Her logic was perfect. "Do you still love me as a husband then?" I asked.

"Of course! Do you still love me as a wife?"

"I wouldn't have it any other way. I guess I am a sick bastard though. I find it highly arousing that you are my daughter."

"And I find it sexy as hell that you made love to my mother, and are now making love to me."

"Oh God you two are sick," Beth chimed in.

"Yes, but her logic is perfect, sister mine."

"Of course it is," Beth informed me. "She's a woman. Women are far more logical than men."

"How do the rest of you feel about this?" I asked.

"Do you really think you're her father?" Thelma asked.

"I really think George was. The name and the timing are just too perfect for it to be anything else."

"Sharon, did your mother ever mention a George?"

"No Thelma, she did mention being madly in love with a boy in high school, but she didn't call him George."

"Did she call him Al?" I asked.

"That's it. Did you know him?"

"Sweetheart, your Mom didn't like the name, George. She called me by my middle name, Albert."

"I'd say this was all too much for it to be a coincidence," Thelma said. "I'm fine with it guys. Sharon, how does it feel to be cuddled up, naked, on your father's lap?"

"It feels great, Thelma. Mom talked about Al a lot when Dad wasn't around. She was really in love with him, but her parents broke them up. She said she went back a couple of years later, but he had moved out of the state with his parents and no one knew where he'd moved to."

"We moved to Alabama, Sweetheart. Dad got transferred on his job."

"I feel so sorry for Mom. If she loved you half as much as I do, it had to ruin her whole life. I guess that's why she ended up with the asshole. She never told me I wasn't his daughter though."

"I can understand why she didn't," I told her. "A person born out of wedlock was looked down on when you were born. That's why we wanted to go ahead and get married when we found out she was pregnant."

"My grandparents are dead and it's probably a good thing they are. If they weren't, I'd kill them now. Mom would have been so much happier, and would probably be alive today if they hadn't screwed up her life."

"I know George would have had a happier life. I don't guess I've told you all a lot about my life as George. I was married four times. I was married to my first wife for sixteen years. I married her when I was twenty, primarily because I felt sorry for her. She had a bad home life, and she was madly in love with me."

"That's not a good reason to get married Mike," Bonnie told me.

"I know that Bonnie. I was happy for a while. The first year or so, the sex was great. Three or four times a day was common. Then she started going to a church that had her believing that sex was for making babies only. Since she didn't want kids, she just about gave up on sex completely."

"After she started going to that church, how often did you have sex?" Beth asked.

"Honey, I'd say five or six times a year. There were a couple of years when we didn't have sex the entire year."

"How did you live like that?"

"I'm not proud of what I did, Beth, but after a while I started having affairs. That's how I met my second wife. She was an attorney I met at a party. We had a brief affair, then she talked me into leaving my first wife."

"How long were you married to your second wife?" Missy asked.

"Nine months. We only lived together for two months though. We lived 150 miles apart. She was to move in with me when we got married. She put it off for four months before she moved in. It wasn't but a couple of weeks of living together full time before we knew it was a mistake. We hung in there for two months, then I told her it wasn't working and we agreed to a divorce."

"Wow! Short marriage," Beth said.

"My third marriage lasted three years, but we only lived together for less than a year. I was feeling like a failure and was determined to make it work. We'd live together for a couple of months then have a big argument about something. She'd move out for two or three months then move back in again. I knew she was screwing different guys every time we were separated because she told me about them. I think it was just after she was bragging to me the second time about this well hung stud she was fucking that I started dating too."

"God what a mess," Bonnie said.

"Yeah. We had finally separated completely and I had filed for divorce when I met my fourth wife. I had vowed I'd never get married again, and I told her that up front. She agreed that she just wanted companionship as well, so we were fine with it, we thought. We decided it made sense for us to move in together, since we were spending all of our time together anyway. We lived together for two years and then decided to go ahead and get married. We were married for seventeen years when I died."

"Did you have any other kids?" Sharon asked.

"No sweet love, just you," I told her as I kissed her nose.

"Did you work as an engineer all that time?" Thelma asked.

"No, I dropped out of college in my second semester. I went in the Air Force for four years and then kicked around at odd jobs for several years. I finally finished college when I was thirty-one and got into engineering. I think that's why George died so young though."

"Why's that?" Thelma again.

"Over the next twenty-five years, I probably averaged sixty hours a week at work. I traveled between 100,000 and 200,000 miles a year during all of that time. I don't know how many times I worked for 36 to 48 hours straight, but it was quite a few. Eating in restaurants and living in hotels is not good for you either. I think I just wore my body out."

"It doesn't sound like much of a life," Sharon said.

"Oh, it was fun in a lot of ways. There's a lot of satisfaction from bringing a job in ahead of time and under budget. It was hard on my marriages though."

"I can believe that," Bonnie said.

I whispered to Sharon, "I'm tired of talking. Are you going to sleep with your old Dad tonight?"

Sharon gave me a million watt smile. "Tonight and every night, Daddy. Will you fuck your little girl tonight?"

"No daughter of mine, but I will make love to you."

We were starting to get up to head for the bedroom when Cindi asked, "Mike and Sharon, can I watch?"

I was dumbfounded. "Can you watch what?" Bonnie asked.

"Can I watch them make love?"

I looked over at Bonnie with my mouth hanging open. She had nearly the same expression. I don't know how long we stared at each other before Sharon started giggling. It wasn't long before the whole crew was laughing.

Finally Bonnie said, "It's up to you guys. She certainly gave us detailed pictures of what you and Thelma were doing last night."

"Yeah, and Bonnie wants to try out your dildos Thelma," Cindi added.

"Oh my God!" Thelma gasped, embarrassed to the core.

"Yeah, she rubbed herself to three orgasms last night, but she was thinking how good one of your dildos would feel," Cindi informed us.

"Young lady, I'm going to spank your butt," Bonnie told her.

Cindi stood up and waved her butt at Bonnie, then ran into the master bedroom.

"Is it okay if she watches Sharon?" I asked.

"You know an audience doesn't bother me," she smiled. "How about you?"

I laughed. "She's already seen all I have to offer," I told her. "She's far too young to have sex herself though. I can see some problems arising."

"I don't know about that," Bonnie said. "She told me last night she has orgasms when she plays with herself. I agree she's too young for penetration, but I'm not sure she's too young for oral or manual stimulation."

"But she's just a baby," I said.

"A baby with the mind of a thirty year old," Bonnie corrected. "You really haven't had a chance to talk with her much, Mike. Intellectually she is definitely around thirty. Emotionally? I haven't a clue. One minute she acts like an adult and the next she's wishing she had her teddy bear from their car. We'll just have to play it by ear."

"You know more about young girls than I do Bonnie. I just hope we don't do anything to hurt her."

Bonnie, Sharon and I went back to the master bedroom. Cindi was sitting on the bed, her legs spread wide, rubbing her pussy. She gave us a big smile and went on with what she was doing. "Does it bother you for us to watch you?" Bonnie asked.

"No Bonnie. I've never had anyone watch me before, but it's very exciting. Is it okay?"

"There's nothing wrong with masturbating, Sweety. It's usually a private thing though."

"But, you guys do it in front of each other, right?"

"Yes we do, Cindi, but other people wouldn't understand, so you can never tell anyone about it. Can you keep a secret like that?"

"Of course I can Aunt Bonnie," Cindi said as she kept working her little pussy. "That's family stuff, right?"

"Yes it is Cindi, and you're part of our family now as well as still being part of your father's family."

"That's the way I figured it too. Dad isn't really very smart. I'm not sure he would understand. Jimmy is a lot smarter than Dad, but not as smart as you guys. He might understand, but I'm not sure, so I'll never tell him what we do."

"You must be very smart Cindi. Have you ever taken an IQ test?"

"Yes I am very smart. Oh... Oh... Ahhh... uuunnnnnggghhhh," Cindi let out a big sigh, then hugged herself and shivered through her entire body. "Oh, that was a nice one. No, I've never taken a test like that. Mama talked to the school about it, and they said I'd have to be older."

<Thelma, they test nine year old's IQs don't they?>

<Yes, but it is a special test. They have them for kids as young as two or three years old.>

<Do you know of anyone who could give an IQ test to Cindi? Preferably someone who has no connection with the school.>

<As a matter of fact I do. A woman I went to school with is a Psychologist. I'm sure she could do it.>

<Let's check with her when we get back. I think we should have Cindi tested as soon as possible.>

<Okay.>

While Bonnie had been talking with Cindi and then Thelma, Sharon and I had been kissing and cuddling on the bed. We were watching Cindi as she climaxed, and I couldn't help the excitement that ran through me. My dick jumped like it had hit a high voltage wire and Sharon shuddered in my arms. "Pretty sexy, huh?" I asked my lover.

"Oh God yes! I've never seen a girl that young Jill off. It was very exciting."

Cindi looked at us and smiled. "I like watching you too," she told us.

"Mike I'm so hot! I need you inside me. Would you do your daughter, doggy style?"

"With pleasure Sweetheart."

"Oh goody. I've never seen it done that way before," Cindi said.

Sharon was on her hands and knees in an instant, and I was behind her almost as quickly. I started by running the head of my cock up and down her slit to get it nice and wet.

Cindi's face was less than a foot from Sharon's pussy as I started to slide inside. When my balls rested against her pussy lips, Cindi said, "Wow!"

I looked over at Bonnie and she was grinning from ear to ear. She rolled over on her back and scooted up until her head was directly under Sharon's right boob. She pulled the nipple into her mouth and sucked gently. Sharon moaned her appreciation.

Before I knew it, Cindi was latched onto Sharon's other breast like a little leach. In a matter of seconds, Sharon was moaning her way through her first climax. I didn't even slow down. She immediately started building toward her second one.

As Sharon approached her peak, I slowed down slightly, just enough to hold her there without letting her slip over. Her pussy was gripping and releasing my cock, over and over and I knew this would soon have me going over as well. As I felt my own release approaching, I wet the middle finger of my right hand in out juices the sped up my thrusting. As I felt Sharon coming close, I slipped my finger into her anus and then shoved it all the way inside.

Sharon screamed like she was going down a roller coaster. My cock started to spasm, and I felt like my balls were turning inside out. Sharon continued to scream for several seconds, then collapsed on top of Bonnie and Cindi.

I kissed both of her butt cheeks, then moved beside Bonnie.

Cindi crawled up on top of me and laid her head on my chest. I put one arm around her and the other around Sharon when she moved beside me. We lay like that for a long time.

I finally got up and went to the bathroom. When I came back, the covers had been turned down and the three of them were laying there waiting for me. I crawled in between Sharon and Cindi. They cuddled close, and I was soon asleep.
Chapter 23 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 22 |   Bottom
Chapter 23
Posted: December 08, 2003 - 10:13:44 am

Monday, November 1, 1976

When I awoke, Cindi was sleeping beside Sharon. I gently disengaged myself and made my way to the kitchen, by way of the bathroom.

I had just sat down after pouring my first cup of coffee when a beautifully naked Missy came in. She poured herself a cup and came and sat on my lap.

"Good morning love," I said.

Missy put her arm around me and buried her face in my neck. She made a grunt, which I assumed was her version of good morning. We sat there a couple of minutes while I had several sips of coffee and Missy had two.

"I love you Mike," she told me.

"I love you too, Missy."

"I haven't gotten to tell you before, but I am very proud of you for what you did at the accident."

"Thank you Sweetheart. It's nice to hear you say that, although I think it's undeserved."

"Whether you think it's deserved or not, the rest of us do. You risked your life to save those people."

"Missy, Honey, I didn't even think of it as risking my life at the time."

"It doesn't matter if you were scared or not. You're my hero and I'm proud of you."

"All I can say is thank you Missy."

"You're welcome."

We got on the road a little after eight. We took 80 East to Alt. 50, which we took for about thirty miles. We then got on route 95 heading South for Las Vegas.

I let Thelma start out driving, and she did quite well for about a hundred miles. I took over for her then, and wished I was back on route 80. Driving the RV on 80 had been a breeze, but on a two lane highway, it could be a nightmare. Especially after we got down into the Excelsior Mountains.

We stopped briefly for lunch, then hit the road again. It was only about 4:30 in the afternoon when I saw a roadside table. There was ample room around it, so I pulled in and told everyone we were here for the night.

Missy and Beth got their heads together and made us a wonderful dinner of oven broiled pork chops with mashed potatoes and gravy and whole kernel corn. They fixed a batch of brown and serve rolls to go with it.

We decided that since there was a chill at the altitude we were at, we'd turn on the propane heaters when we turned off the engine and see how well it kept the RV heated.

I was very tired, so I turned in early. Sharon went to bed with me, but we just snuggled. A little later I felt someone snuggle in behind me, but I immediately went back to sleep.

Tuesday, November 2, 1976

The heaters worked great. I made a mental note to get the propane topped off in Las Vegas since the stove and refrigerator worked off of it as well as the heaters.

The first couple of hours of driving were as torturous as they had been the night before. Then we started dropping out of the mountains and the road became straighter and wider.

I had been driving for about an hour with Sharon riding shotgun when She said she had to take a potty break. The door behind me opened almost immediately and Cindi came in and took over Sharon's seat.

"Can I talk to you for a minute Mike?" she asked.

"Any time you want Cindi. I really want to get to know you better."

"Mike, I really want to thank you for what you did in helping get us out of that car. Bonnie told me you sent my Mom up first. I really appreciate that."

"It's okay Cindi. I just did what had to be done."

"That's not true Mike. Most people wouldn't have climbed down that mountainside. At best they'd have gone somewhere and called the police. Bonnie also told me you stopped Jimmy from bleeding and that if you hadn't he'd have died."

"Bonnie has a big mouth Cindi."

Cindi giggled. "Bonnie loves you and is proud of you."

"You know for a little girl you sure do think and talk like an adult."

"Sometimes. Sometimes I just want to be a little girl forever."

"There's a lot less to have to worry about when you're a little girl, isn't there?"

"Yep."

We rode along in silence for a few minutes then Cindi spoke up again. "I've been doing a lot of talking with Missy and Beth. I know there's no way at my age I can live with you guys, but would you mind if I spent a lot of time at your house?"

"Cindi. you can spend as much time at our house as you want and your father will allow. Any time you want to come over just call us, mentally, and Beth or Missy or Thelma or Bonnie or I will come get you."

"Thank you Mike. I love my Dad and Jimmy, but they're not like you guys. They can't hear me when I think something at them, and I have to try hard to hear them when they think. With you guys, it's hard not to hear you. I have to make an effort to turn you off."

"Yeah, I know what you mean Cindi. It is pretty nice being around people who are like you isn't it?"

"Yes it is. I've learned a lot from you guys in a short time."

"Cindi, you do know you can't tell anyone about our being able to read thoughts or any of the rest of it, don't you?"

"Yes, Mike. Bonnie explained to me about people wanting to use us. I don't want to live in a cage, and that's where they'd put us."

"I'm afraid so. People would be afraid of us. They'd also want to take advantage of us. If you are ever in trouble, you have to be careful not to do anything that would let people know you have special abilities."

"There's something else I wanted to talk to you about too, Mike."

"What's that Sweety?"

"Sex."

"Sex?"

"Yeah. I know my vagina is too small right now to have sex, but when I get a little older will you teach me about sex? I mean, will you be my first?"

"If you still feel that way when you're fifteen, I might consider it. You're way too young to be thinking about it now though."

We pulled into Las Vegas around four in the afternoon. I stopped at a truck stop and asked directions to an RV park. This one was very nice. The lots were large, and they had a dumping station so we could empty our holding tank.

After we were hooked up and leveled, we decided to do a little exploring in the Suburban. Thelma volunteered to drive, so I just sat back and relaxed. The strip sure looked different from the last time I was here in 2001.

We drove around for a while, taking in the sights. Even in the seventies the strip was a neon wonderland. We discussed the different things we could do and decided we'd like to take in a show before we left the area.

We had an early dinner at a nice restaurant. Cindi held my hand as we walked in. Bonnie said that after dinner she'd like to go ticket hunting, so I asked if they could drop me off at the RV first. Missy, Cindi and Sharon said they'd keep me company.

We got in the RV and everyone immediately stripped. It was getting to the point that none of us liked clothes at any time. Cindi fit right in.

"Cindi, what are you going to do when you go back to live with your dad?" I asked. "You're not going to be able to go naked all the time there."

"I know Mike. He and Jimmy would freak out if I walked through the house this way. It might be fun to try it once though."

I laughed. "Honey, you'd be grounded until you're eighteen. If they found out you didn't wear clothes when you're with us, your dad would never let you come near us again."

Sharon and I had been cuddling on the couch during this exchange. Now Missy came over to join us. She slapped Sharon's leg to get her to move it away from mine, then she climbed onto my lap, her legs on either side of mine, facing me.

Missy's pussy was spread wide. I looked down at it, then back into her eyes. She smiled and scooted a couple of inches closer. "Are you trying to steal my man, slut?> Sharon asked as she gently squeezed Missy's clit.

Missy sucked in a breath. "No, I'd just like to borrow him for a while if I could."

"I think that could be arranged," Sharon told her as she kissed Missy's left nipple.

"Why don't we all move back to the big bed where it's more comfortable?"

"Cindi, we're going back to the bedroom for a while. Will you be okay by yourself?"

"Yeah, Bonnie gave me a book to read. It's not fair though. You guys get to have fun and I can't even watch."

When we got to the master bedroom, we all piled in to the bed. It is interesting being in a pile with two naked females. Interesting and exciting. Sharon and I shared a four alarm kiss and Missy was playing with my growing erection."

I pulled Missy up to me and lowered my lips to hers. I started with a gentle touching of our lips. She snuggled in so I said, "I haven't forgotten about you Missy."

"That's okay Mike. Can I ask you a favor?"

"Sure, Missy. Anything you want."

"Could you... uh... do me in the butt?"

"Are you sure you want to do that Missy?"

"I'm not sure I'll like it, but I'm sure I want to try it. When you stuck your finger in my butt the other day I had the biggest climax I ever had."

"My cock is a lot bigger than my finger lover."

"I know that. I was talking to Thelma about it and she says if you go slow it doesn't have to hurt."

"Well Honey, I've never been a big fan of doing it that way. Why go in the poop chute when a pussy feels so good? If you want to try it, we'll do it. Just promise me you'll tell me if it hurts and we'll stop. I'm not into pain for either partner."

"Okay Mike. I promise. I love you Mike."

"I love you too. We'll need some kind of lubricant."

"Already taken care of. Thelma had some KY jelly in her bag of goodies. It's in the table beside the bed."

"So, you've got this all planned out. Okay lover. Let's do it." I pulled her to me and we kissed for several minutes. I was stroking her back and her butt the whole time. I noticed Sharon get up and get a tube of lube from the night stand.

We were laying, facing each other so I motioned for Sharon to put some of the lube on the middle finger of my right hand. She coated my finger well, and I slipped it down the crack of Missy's ass. When I reached her little rosebud, I gently rubbed it with the tip of my finger and applied a little pressure. The tip of my finger slipped inside.

I gently wiggled my finger until it was in to the first knuckle. I then began a gentle in and out motion until I started to feel some friction. I pulled back out and motioned for Sharon to put a glob right on the anus.

I worked my finger until it was all the way in and then began long gentle strokes. Missy's eyes were wide and she looked a little frightened. "Are you still okay with this?" I asked her.

"Yes, Mike. It feels good. Am I a sicko?"

"No lover. Many women like it in there. Sharon would you put some more on my other finger please?"

I slipped my one finger almost all the way out and had Sharon put some more lube on it as well, then I slowly worked both fingers back into her dark passage. When I had both fingers all of the way inside, I asked Missy if she was okay. She said she was, so I explained that my cock was just a little larger around than my two fingers, and there should be no problem.

"Missy, I'm going to leave my fingers inside you, but I want you to roll toward me, then get up on your hands and knees."

She looked doubtful but found it wasn't difficult at all. Now I was laying beside her with my fingers buried in her butt. I pushed myself to my hands and knees and moved around behind her. I started moving my fingers in and out in long strokes while Sharon lubed up my cock.

I moved until my cock was inches from her pucker then asked if she was ready. She nodded vigorously, so I pulled my fingers out and pressed the head of my cock against her. To my surprise, it slid right in. I stopped as soon as the head was inside and let her get used to the feel of it inside her.

"Are you okay Missy?"

"Yes. Mike you said your cock wasn't much bigger than your two fingers, but it feels ten times as big. It doesn't feel bad though."

I took my time working my way in, stopping frequently and adding lube when I thought it was needed. Finally, I was in as far as I could go. I stopped then asked, "I'm all the way inside Missy. Do you want me to go on?"

"Oh God yes! Mike I never thought about how long your cock is. I feel like it's coming up in my throat. It feels fantastic though, so start riding cowboy."

I started a gentle in and out motion, but before long Missy was controlling the depth and speed. Within a couple of minutes she reached her first peak and didn't even slow down. When she was cuming for the fourth time, I let go myself. She must have felt it, because she screamed out her triumph then collapsed onto the bed, dragging me with her.

I held my weight off of her for the most part, but still let my body remain in contact with hers, covering her and keeping her warm as she recovered. When I had shrunk to the point I slipped out of her, I rolled off, and pulled her to me to cuddle. Sharon cuddled up to the other side of her, and we laid like that for several minutes.

Sharon left the room and returned a few minutes later with warm moist wash cloths and hand towels. When I saw what she had, I rolled on to my back and let her get to Missy. Sharon gently cleaned and dried Missy's bottom, then started to work on me. I've never felt a more gentle loving touch as she washed and dried me.

"Thank you Sharon," I said as I pulled her in close for a cuddle.

Sharon pulled the covers up over us and we relaxed. Just before I fell asleep, I saw Bonnie and Thelma peeking in the door. Bonnie blew me a kiss and closed the door.

Wednesday, November 3, 1976

Wednesday started the way most days started now. I was up first with my first cup of coffee when Missy came in. I jumped up before she got to me and fixed her a cup. When I sat back down, she immediately sat on my lap.

Missy had her head laying on my shoulder, so I kissed her forehead and said, "Good morning lover."

Missy grunted and reached for her coffee. She took a sip and sat it back down. I rubbed her back and took a sip of my coffee as well. When she had her third sip Missy said, "Good morning."

I smiled at my awakening angel and squeezed her. Missy finished her first cup of coffee and got up and fixed herself another cup. She poured me another one without asking and brought it back to me. Before she sat down, she kissed me gently and said, "Thank you for last night Mike. I know it's not your thing, but I really wanted to try it."

"Are you okay this morning? Are you sore or anything?"

"No, I'm okay. Maybe a little sore, but not as bad as I thought it would be."

"I'd ask if you enjoyed it, but from the number of orgasms you had I'd say you must have."

"Oh I enjoyed it alright. You know, it's funny, thinking about it, it should be gross. It sure didn't feel gross at the time though."

"It didn't feel gross to me either Sweetheart. As a matter of fact I enjoyed it more than I ever did before. You have one of the cutest butts I've ever seen Missy. Maybe it was because I was looking down at that beautiful butt that I enjoyed it so much, or maybe it was because we had a very appreciative audience, or maybe it was because of the enthusiastic helper. In any case, I did enjoy it. Just let me know if you ever want a return engagement."

Missy giggled. "I'm sure I will Mike, but to be honest with you, although I enjoyed it and I'm glad we did it, I like you in my pussy better."

Before I could answer, Thelma came in and poured herself a cup. "Good morning Thelma," Missy and I chorused together.

"Good morning children," Thelma said as she came over to where we were sitting.

I looked at Missy and she looked at me. I grabbed Thelma and Missy slid off my lap. I pulled Thelma over my knees, then smacked her right buttock, playfully. Missy then smacked her left one. "That's for calling us children," I said as I ran my hand over her ass cheeks.

Missy kissed each of Thelma's nether cheeks and said, "That's for loving us."

"So is this," I said, then pulled her up into a very arousing kiss.

"Hummm, I think I could take the spanking if the rest of it always followed," she giggled.

Thelma sat on my lap and Missy moved into the chair beside me. We cuddled and talked until the rest of the group showed up.

When everyone was up, Bonnie said she'd like to go out to Hoover Dam and Lake Mead for the day. Every one thought that would be a fine idea, then Thelma said, "I think that would be lovely, and very educational for all the children."

She jumped off my lap and hid behind Bonnie. "Ok, Thelma. We owe you one," I said. Missy just giggled.

Hoover Dam was fun. We took a tour. Lake Mead was nice. We did a lot of driving around and sight seeing. We didn't stay too late because Bonnie informed us she had tickets for a show. She played secretive and wouldn't tell us who was in the show. We could have read her, but that would have taken all the fun out of it.

Bonnie dropped Thelma, Sharon and I off at the RV and the rest of them took Cindi to buy a nice dress for going out. We sat around kissing, cuddling, and talking for a while, then got cleaned up for our evening out. Thelma made me take my clothes out to the living room to get dressed, saying she didn't want me to see them until they were ready to go.

Bonnie and the rest came in a little while later they asked where Thelma and Sharon were, and when I told them, they disappeared in the same direction. It was nearly an hour before they made their entrance and an entrance it was. Five beautiful women and one lovely young girl. They were dressed to the nines. Each one wearing an evening dress that best showed off her attributes.

We went to dinner at a very nice restaurant. I had a caesar salad and one of the largest lobsters I had ever seen. Cindi said it looked too gross to eat, but when I got her to try a small bite dipped in drawn butter, I ended up having to share the rest of it with her.

As we were eating I couldn't help but notice the woman at the table three over from ours. "Bonnie, isn't that the same woman we saw in the restaurant yesterday?"

Bonnie looked over to where my eyes were obviously looking. "I don't know Mike. She does look familiar though."

"You know, I think I saw her in Reno too," Thelma said.

"I'm going to do something I never do. I'm going to scan her and see if she's thinking about us," I told them.

"Don't bother Mike," Cindi said. "I just tried to scan her. She's not there."

"What do you mean, not there?"

"Mike, I looked where her mind should be and I can't read a thing. It's like there was a glass bubble around her."

"That's weird... I see what you mean though. Maybe it's a mind shield or something."

"I guess that wouldn't be any more weird than telepathy," Bonnie said.

"Do you think she's following us?" I asked.

No one had an answer for that, so we decided to drop it for a while.

"Bonnie, are you going to tell us about the show?" I asked her.

"Well... I guess I should. Okay, we are going to see one of my all time favorite singers. Dean Martin."

"Well, that's a singer I never thought I'd get to see again. I like him a lot though," I told them. "You see... he died in 1995."

The show was fantastic. Deano was at his finest. We drove back to the RV singing his songs.

"Bonnie, what do you say we head out tomorrow morning?" I asked.

"Sure, that's fine with me. Did you have somewhere you'd like to go?"

"I was thinking of the zoo and Sea World over in San Diego."
Chapter 24 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 23 |   Bottom
Chapter 24
Posted: December 09, 2003 - 12:17:47 pm

Thelma and all of the girls piped up saying they thought that was a great idea. Cindi was especially enthusiastic about going to Sea World.

When we got back to the RV, I went ahead and hooked the Suburban up to the back of the RV. I went inside and found I was the only member of the family wearing clothes. I quickly rectified the situation and took a seat in the recliner. I held out my arms to Sharon, and she sat on my lap.

"Guys, there are some things we need to talk about and think about. We've been putting some of them off, but this woman tonight has me a little scared."

"I guess she scares me a little too," Bonnie admitted. "It could be we're mistaken about seeing her before, but not being able to read her is definitely scary. If she can read us and we can't read her, then we could be in trouble."

"I read in a science fiction book one time about a guy who managed to get his thoughts passed a mind reader by thinking of the lyrics of a song all the time. If we did that we wouldn't be able to think of anything else though."

"No, we need a shield like the woman has, if that's what it is," Bonnie agreed.

"Mike, see if you can read me right now," Cindi said.

I looked at her a little funny, then made the effort. Nothing. "Cindi, what did you do?"

Cindi giggled. "I just projected that there is nothing here," she told me.

"The rest of you see if you can read her," I said.

They all had the same luck I did. <Can you hear me this way Cindi?> I asked mentally.

<Yes, I can still hear you, Can you pick it up that I'm projecting directly to you?>

<Yes, Sweetheart. Can the others hear you?>

<I don't think so. I'll keep projecting things to you and you ask them if they hear me.>

"Ladies, Cindi is projecting thoughts to me. See if you can hear what she is projecting, or if you can read her while she does."

"Not a thing," Bonnie said and everyone else agreed.

"Can you show the rest of us how to do that?" I asked.

"Sure, it's easy. I'm just projecting I'm not here. You can do that by just telling your brain to do it. You don't even have to think about it after you start it. It should work even while you're sleeping."

We played around with it, and soon all of us had it working. "Cindi, you are amazing. How did you think of doing that?" I asked her.

"I don't know Mike. It just seemed like the way to do it."

"I am going to miss being able to look in on you guys though. I didn't do it often, but it was comforting knowing I could."

"We might be able to do something about that," Cindi said. "I'm going to see if I can shut off the projection to two of you. Tell me which ones can read me."

"I've got you," Sharon said.

"So have I," Beth agreed. The rest of us still couldn't tell she was even in the room.

Cindi showed us how she had accomplished the latest changes, and to all outward appearances we were just as we had been before.

"There are a few other things we need to talk about," I told them. "First off, we have always made it a policy to ask before mentally joining with each other. This let us feel a little more individuality, but I think it has also prevented us from becoming as close as I'd like for us to be. I'd like to do a little experiment. For one day, I'd like for us all to remain linked for the entire day. If it turns out we don't like it, or if it causes too many problems, like too much input for the driver of the RV, then we can end the experiment."

"I was hesitant the last time you proposed something like this Mike, but I see the advantages of it. If one of us were to get in trouble, the rest of us would know immediately. I'm for giving it a try," Bonnie said.

"I don't have anything to hide from any of you," Thelma said. "I think it may be a problem though. If I was driving the RV and Sharon was having an orgasm at the same time, I don't know if I'd be able to concentrate on my driving."

"I have an idea," Cindi broke in. "We should be able to limit the linked input. If one of you is driving or something that requires a lot of attention, limit the link to 25% of your input. We'd be using that much of our brain for other things if we were just carrying on a conversation. The rest of the family would still be getting 100% from the person who was driving."

"That makes sense," I said. "I think we could do that. We could even tune it out completely if all of our concentration was needed on what we were doing. What do the rest of you think?"

"I think it'd work," Thelma said. "I'm for giving it a try."

Sharon had been looking a little uncomfortable, but perked up as Cindi gave us her last idea. "I can go for it," she said. "This is a very intimate thing we're talking about. I mean, how many people are willing to let someone else know what they are thinking and feeling when they're taking a shit. I don't think I could do it with any other group of people, but we are all so close I don't think I'll even think about it."

"I never thought I'd be saying this, but I'm for it. I loved my parents dearly, but I wouldn't have been able to have shared this much with them. With you guys I can. I know you are all completely non-judgmental. If I think something I would have wanted to keep a secret before, I know you'll just accept it as a random thought," Missy told us.

"I have never been shy with Mom or Mike," Beth said. "The rest of you have become such a part of me I could never be shy with any of you either. I'm for it."

"Cindi, what do you think?" I asked.

"You mean I get to be a part of it?"

"Honey, if we tried to keep you out, you'd just find a way to sneak in around the edges. Of course you'll be part of it if you want. The only thing is, if we are doing something that isn't appropriate for you, we'll block you out."

Cindi pouted for a minute then said, "Oh I want. In some ways I feel like I'm one seventh of a whole person now, but I feel like that person is a thousand times as large and a thousand times as smart as any person has ever been before. I love you all!"

"Okay, then it's agreed. As each of us wakes up in the morning, we'll link with the others. If it gets to be too much for any of us, we'll let the others know, and maybe we can work something out," I said. "There are three or four other things we need to be thinking about. We don't necessarily need to talk about them tonight, because it is getting late, but here they are, so we can be thinking about them. First is the woman who may be following us. What do we do about her and how do we watch for her or others like her? Second is this Cunningham character who was trying to get information from Thelma. Third is the Daniels and Andrews situation. We can't let them get away with this kind of thing. What do we do about them? We also need to find out about Josh. Is he out of the way permanently? We also need to think about getting IQ tests for Sharon, Missy and Cindi. It probably wouldn't hurt for Bonnie and Thelma to take the tests as well. Can anyone think of anything else?"

"Do we need to do anything more about Butterman?" Missy asked.

"I don't think so. We pretty well cut him off from female companionship when we played the tape. From what I understand he hasn't had a date since."

We decided to call it quits for the night, so all of us headed off to bed. I snuggled in with Bonnie and Sharon. As I drifted off to sleep I was thinking of how I didn't think my life could get any better. It amazed me a little to think like this. I had never once had a thought like that in all my years as George, and I was pretty sure the original Mike had never had these thoughts either.

Thursday, November 4, 1976

Although it was after midnight when we went to bed, I was up before seven, fully rested and eager for the day to begin. I'll swear that coffee brewing awakens Missy. I was just setting my first cup on the table when she came in to the kitchen. I fixed her a cup and brought it over while she stood there hugging herself.

She moved onto my lap when I sat down. I held her and stroked her hair and back while I told her I loved her. After she had taken her second sip of coffee, she asked mentally, <Mike, why haven't you linked with me?>

<I wasn't sure your brain was working yet, > I answered.

<My brain is always working silly. It's my body that doesn't function properly for a while.>

I'm not sure what I was expecting, but when Missy and I linked together it was like nothing I had ever experienced before. Not only was I getting her surface thoughts like I had gotten before, I was also picking up her feelings and the thoughts that were going on in the background.

<Missy, are you getting everything from me that I'm getting from you?>

<I sure hope you're getting everything I'm getting Mike. I can actually feel your love for me. I knew you loved me. You've told me enough times. Now I can actually feel it. This is amazing.>

<Yes it is love. I just hope I deserve the love you feel for me. Look around at my memories. You may find something that completely turns you off. I hope not, but I haven't been the best person I could be all of my life.>

<I know that Mike. You have a lot of years of memories. There are probably a lot of them I don't approve of, but the things you did and experienced make you the person you are today. If I were older and had more experiences, I'm sure there would be ones you didn't approve of either.>

<You are wise beyond your years Missy.>

We just sat there experiencing each other for a long while. I got up and got us our second cup of coffee, then sat back down. Missy resumed her position and we continued cuddling.

<You know I enjoy sitting and cuddling like this Mike. Now it seems like it's almost a religious experience. I never knew it felt this good to you too.>

Sharon came in before long and patted Missy on the butt to indicate she wanted my lap for a while. Missy went to get Sharon a cup of coffee and when she came back I asked Sharon, <Are you ready to link with us?>

She said she was, so Missy and I showed her how we had done it. <Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! This is fantastic!> Sharon said. <I don't ever want to break this.>

Missy and I agreed, and we let Sharon experience things for a while. <Mike, I never knew how much you DO love me. This is wonderful. Missy, I sense the same kind of love with the same intensity as I do from Mike. Is this the way it's always going to be?>

<As a guess, I'd say it is, > I told her.

Experiencing love is a wondrous thing. I think all three of us could have sat there, basking in the other's love for us for hours, but the rest of the family started arriving. When all of us were linked, I found myself looking from one to the other, just enjoying what I was feeling and what they were feeling. We didn't get on the road until nearly noon.

It's 335 miles from Las Vegas to San Diego. I figured a seven hour drive. Thelma, Bonnie and I took turns driving. As soon as one of us started feeling a little tired, or if we felt like we had to go to the bathroom, someone would be there to relieve us. It was by far the easiest trip I had ever made.

Cindi has a truly amazing mind. We haven't had her IQ measured yet, but I know she is far smarter than any of the rest of us. She takes things in stride that the rest of us have to ponder over. She is also funny and wise and childish at the same time. She kept us entertained during the entire trip.

Cindi's only shortcoming was her lack of knowledge. There was just so much she hadn't been exposed to. Some things she didn't know were to our advantage though. For example, she didn't know people couldn't build a mind shield, so she just figured out how to do it.

<Mike, if Thelma and Bonnie can make their bodies younger, why can't the rest of us make our bodies older, so we are more mature?> she asked me during one of my turns driving. Thelma had accelerated her rejuvenation after she had been fired, and was now at an apparent age of twenty.

<I don't know Cindi. I guess we could, but it wouldn't do us much good. Our birth certificates and other things would still show us as being younger.>

<Yeah, I've been thinking about that. There should be a way to correct errors in birth certificates and drivers licenses and things like that.>

<I'm sure there are, Sweety. What are you thinking?>

<Well, if we could just claim there was a ten year error in all of ours, we'd then be old enough to do most anything we wanted.>

<What about Jimmy and your father?>

<That wouldn't be too hard. First off we could just put the memories in their minds that I am the age my new birth certificate said I am. We'd need to add a few memories to Dad about my growing up years, but that wouldn't be too hard either.>

<I don't know Cindi. We should think about it. It could solve a lot of problems, but it could create others. For one thing I don't like messing with anyone's mind. That's something we should talk about too. When if ever it is okay to mess with someone's mind.>

We arrived in San Diego around 6:30 PM and found a decent RV park. We got everything hooked up and Thelma made dinner. We decided not to do anything that evening, and just enjoyed our new closeness.

Friday, November 5, 1976

You know, I never even thought of it until Missy came in and wished me a happy birthday. I guess I still thought of myself as George, and his birthday was in March. Anyway, here I am in a body that turned seventeen years old today.

Everyone, without fail, gave me their best wishes as they came into the kitchen. We decided to go to the zoo today, and then have a party afterwards. <Mike, I'm sorry we're away from home and can't invite anyone else over, > Bonnie apologized.

<Bonnie, since I took over Mike's body, I haven't made any friends except you guys. I have no desire to hang around with any of Mike's old friends, so that wouldn't leave many people to invite.>

<Does it bother you not having any male friends?> Sharon asked.

<No Sweetheart, it doesn't. Even as George, most of my really good friends were women. I had a lot of acquaintances, and a few golfing buddies, but most of them remained just acquaintances.>

We were back in the RV by 2:00 PM. I had no idea what kind of party they had planned, but when everyone else stripped, I did too.

Sharon took my hand and led me into the master bedroom. We were followed by all of the other members of the family except for Cindi who was pouting in the living room where Bonnie had sent her.

"Mike, we have a lot of money now and presents bought with money don't mean a lot. We tried to think of what we could give you that would mean as much to us as it would to you. So we decided to give you ourselves," Sharon told me.

She pushed me down on my back in the middle of the bed, then lay down beside me. Bonnie climbed on the bed and straddled my lower legs. She smiled at me and said, "Happy birthday Mike." Then she leaned forward and took my cock in her very talented mouth.

Bonnie started working on my cock while Sharon kissed and caressed me. When I thought I was going to pop, Bonnie smiled at me then got off the bed. Beth took her place and said, "Happy birthday Mike." She then took up where Bonnie left off.

They continued bringing me close to orgasm, then switching to a new partner until every one of them, had their turn. Sharon moved down to my cock and Missy took over where Sharon had been. This time, when my orgasm approached, Missy whispered, "Give it to her Mike. Cum for her. Give her your cum."

I did.

They let me rest for a few minutes, then Sharon moved back beside me and Bonnie started sucking my cock again. When I was hard again, she mounted me like a cowgirl and started riding. She rode me until she had a screaming climax, then pulled off and Beth took her place.

Eventually everyone, except Cindi had at least one orgasm from riding me. I have no idea how many times I climaxed that afternoon, I lost count after five times. I also ate each and every one of them to at least one climax.

I fell asleep at some point. It was probably still pretty early. I didn't wake up until bladder pressure forced me to the next morning.
Chapter 25 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 24 |   Bottom
Chapter 25
Posted: December 12, 2003 - 12:26:27 am

Saturday, November 6, 1976

Saturday started out much like Friday. Missy and I had our morning cuddle over coffee. When everyone else had wandered out, we got ready and headed for Sea World.

Cindi had a ball, and the rest of us enjoyed it. I was a little disappointed since I had been to Sea World in 2001 and it had improved greatly over what it was in the mid 70s. By a little after noon, we were all tired out, so we headed back to the RV for a late lunch.

<Has anyone given any thought on the Andrews-Daniels problem?> I asked as I munched a sandwich and sipped on a soda.

<Well, yes I have, > Thelma told me. <I think that first we need to decide at what level we are going to punish them. I can see four levels. Level 1 would be to kill the bastards. Level 2 would be to get them sent to jail. Level 3 would be to get them fired. Level 4 would be to embarrass them at school. We could also do a combination of two or more of these.>

<I was thinking along the same lines, but I didn't have it laid out so nicely. You could also add, ruin them financially. Does anyone know if they have families?>

<Yes, > Thelma said. <Both of them are married and both of them have children.>

<I'd say we wanted to leave out the financial ruin then, > I said. <I wouldn't want to see their families suffer for something those two did. We might also think of some kind of compensation for the families if we caused them to go to jail or got them fired.>

<In this case I think you're right Mike. I've met Mrs. Andrews and she is a nice lady. She's a stay at home wife and mother, but I understand she was a realtor until the first kid came along. Andrews makes around $30,000 a year and Daniels makes around $24,000. It wouldn't hurt us to help out if the husbands aren't available.>

<I would vote for a combination of 2, 3, and 4, > I said. <What does anyone else think?>

Everyone pretty much agreed that the combination I suggested would be the best, if we could figure out a way to do it.

<Does anyone have any idea how we could accomplish this?> I asked.

No one said anything for a few minutes, then Missy spoke up. <I have an idea of how to do part of it. It would require messing with Daniels mind a little though.>

<His mind I wouldn't mind messing with, > I told her.

<Well, when we were monitoring him that day, he was watching the boys in the shower room and thinking sexual thoughts about them. If we gave him the idea it would be okay for him to go in and shower with them, I think he'd give in to that idea pretty quickly. If we could get pictures of him showering with the boys, I think it would sink him.>

<Missy, you're getting to be damned near as devious as Beth, > I laughed. <This idea has a lot of merit. There are a lot of details to work out, but I think it could work.>

<Hey. wait a minute big bro. Why are you always calling me devious?> Beth asked, pretending she was offended.

<Because you are, > Bonnie giggled.

<Okay, but what about Andrews?> Thelma asked.

<If we gave a set of pictures to him first, we could tape the conversation he has with Daniels when he sees them. I'm sure something incriminating will be said, > Sharon said.

<You're probably right love. The hardest part is going to be getting close enough to take pictures without being seen.>

We all thought about that for a while, then Cindi asked, <What if we were invisible?>

<That would be perfect, Cindi, but how would we go about becoming invisible?> I asked.

<I'm not sure, but I think we could, > she told me. Cindi was sitting on the sofa, and just after she said this, she suddenly disappeared. You could still see the indentation in the sofa where she had been sitting, so I knew she hadn't gone anywhere.

<That is impressive Cindi. How did you do it?> I asked.

Everyone else looked at where she had been, and gasped. Bonnie reached over and you could see she was running her hand up and down Cindi's arm, but you couldn't see the arm.

<I can feel her, > Bonnie said as Cindi giggled.

<You're just not feeling me in the right places Bonnie, > Cindi cooed.

<Okay sexpot, you got us. Now how did you do that?>

<It's easy Mike. It's just like the mind shield. Instead of projecting that my thoughts aren't there I just project that I'm not there. Try it.>

One by one, the rest of the family disappeared. <Oh my God!> I exclaimed. <Can anyone see me?>

All of them agreed they couldn't. <I have no idea how you think of these things Cindi, but I'm certainly glad you became a member of the family, > I told her. <See if you can make that lamp disappear while you stay hidden yourself.>

The lamp was gone. <You're wanting to see if we can make a camera disappear too, aren't you?> she asked.

<Well it certainly looks like we can. The good part about this is we are only changing what is seen and we don't have to do anything to our bodies. Pretty ladies, I think it's time we all became visible again. I love looking at your bodies and I'm missing them already.>

They all popped back into sight, and I sighed. I motioned Sharon to come over, and she slid onto my lap. <I love you Honey, > I told her.

<I know you do Mike. I can feel it. I love this being linked. When you said you missed seeing our bodies, we could feel that you really did. It wasn't just something you were saying, it was something you were actually feeling.>

<So, > I said as I stroked Sharon's back. <The pictures should get Daniels jailed. If Andrews agrees to help him cover it up and we can get that on tape, it should sink him as well. What do we do about their wives and families?>

<I was thinking about that, > Bonnie told us. <If Mrs. Andrews was a realtor, we could use her at MBBS. We'd kill two birds with one stone. I'm sure we could use Mrs. Daniels as a secretary or something.>

<Great idea. We need to call John and have him start looking for offices for MBBS. We'll need one for the CEO, one for the COO, one for the comptroller, one for the real estate manager, and one for the portfolio manager. We'll also need a reception room for the secretary, and a large room that can have cubicles for anyone else we need to hire. That's turning into a fairly large office.>

<I think we should make John the comptroller, > Thelma said. <From what I can tell, he has the knowledge and experience to do the job, and I'm sure he can be trusted.>

<That's going to mean a very big jump in pay for him, > I said. <I want to be sure to pay anyone in an executive position very well. It will assure their loyalty, and make them a lot happier than their counterparts in other companies.>

We discussed a few other things and decided we wanted to start home tomorrow. We decided to wait until we got back to talk to John, since he wouldn't be able to get started until Monday anyway.

We went out for an early dinner, then came back and all of us hit the bed early. We knew we had a ten hour or so drive the next day in the RV, so we all wanted to be well rested.

Sunday, November 7, 1976

The drive back on Sunday was long but pleasant. We even let Missy and Beth have short turns at driving on route 5. With five drivers and the rapport we had, no one was very tired when we got home.

We unpacked the RV and spent the rest of the day relaxing. I did call John and asked him to come over at 9:00 AM on Monday to get started.

Monday, November 8, 1976

I was up at 6:00 AM and Missy was up shortly afterwards. We cuddled and kissed a lot and enjoyed our special time together.

<Mike, I feel like I'm not contributing much. It's because I just don't know as much as I want so I can help with the business. Do you have any ideas about what I should be doing?>

<The library. We want you to start finding real estate for us to invest in. I'd suggest you go to the library and learn everything you can about real estate in the bay area. I know that over the next twenty years housing costs go through the roof. If we can buy now, we'll make a fortune in housing alone.>

<Okay. That makes sense. I know we have a lot of vehicles around here, but they all belong to other people. I was going to ask about using the Aspen, but now that John is using it, I'm going to be stuck with asking other people for rides. Is there any way we could pick me up something small to get around in?>

<Absolutely. In fact, we should be getting you a company car. You'll be using it a lot for research and the like, so the company pays for it and for the gasoline and maintenance, >

<That would be fantastic. Do you think we can stay linked between here and the library?>

<With Cindi in the link, I think we can stay linked anywhere in the state, maybe anywhere in the country. Have you noticed how much stronger everything is since we linked with her?>

<Yes, and it's all natural with her. We all artificially increased our abilities. Hers are there naturally. Oops. Sharon is awake. I'm going to give her a hard time when she gets here.>

<You are not, sister mine. You are going to have a cup of coffee waiting for me and an empty lap for me to sit on, > Sharon laughed.

Getting everyone up and dressed was a minor problem. Cindi was the last one up, and she didn't want to get dressed at all. I had to remind her several times to get dressed before her father arrived.

I have no idea how long John had been up before he arrived, but he was bright eyed and ready to go. Thelma decided to leave the discussions to us, since we were linked anyway, and took Missy to find a car.

Bonnie, Sharon, Beth and I sat down with John at the dining room table. Cindi came in and out as the mood struck her, after she'd given her father a big hug and kiss.

We explained to John what we would be needing in office space and asked if he'd start looking for a place for us.

"I may know of just the place, he told us. It may be a little bigger than we need right now, but if we grow at all, it will suit us just fine. When they downsized the company I was working for, they moved into smaller quarters. They still own the building, but are trying to sell it. We could probably lease it from them until they sell."

"Find out how much they are asking for it," Bonnie told him. "If the price is right, we just might buy it ourselves."

"I'll do that today," John told her.

"Also, John. We are going to be looking for a comptroller. Can you tell us, or could you find out for us, how much we should be expecting to pay. High end, low end, and average."

"That's an easy one," John said. "High end, around fifty thousand, low end around thirty thousand, average is around forty thousand."

"Would you be willing to take the job for fifty thousand?"

John looked like we had hit him with a Mack truck. "Well, yes. I've never been comptroller, but I'm sure I can do it. It's basically a glorified accountant."

"Okay, when we finish here, I'll see if our attorney can fix it up so you are signed on our accounts. That'll give you the authority to make purchases for the company. We're also going to need a personnel manager. Do you have ant suggestions?"

<Cindi, I hate to ask you this, bit we are going to be giving your father access to all of our money. Would you mind if we scanned him, just to make sure there's nothing that we need to worry about?> I asked.

<No, I wouldn't mind Mike. If you trust me. I'll do it for you.>

<Cindi, I'm going to spank your pretty little butt for you. Of course we trust you. I just didn't want to force you to do something that you might not want to do.>

Cindi giggled. <I know you trust me Mike. It's just nice to hear it sometimes.>

<She's right Mike. It is nice to hear it.>

<Okay love. you get kisses instead of a spanking. How's that?>

<Ummm. That I like.>

"Bonnie, why don't you call Phil and get him working on this. He also needs to list Thelma as the COO and issue stock to her for her share."

Bonnie went off to make her call and I kept talking with John. "Mike, how old are you?" he asked.

"I just turned seventeen, John."

"That just doesn't seem possible. You talk and act like you are much older. You have a good sense for business. I assume you are going to be involved in the operation of the company?"

"I plan to John. I can't legally do anything like sign papers or anything until I'm eighteen, but I will be doing most of the buying and selling of stocks. I seem to have a gift for it."

<Mike, I did a very deep scan of Dad. He's clean. We don't have anything to worry about.>

I had to smile at the we. Cindi is definitely a member of the family.

"John, I have a very high IQ. I guess that's part of the reason I seem older. During this trip with Cindi, we all agree she has an IQ higher than any of us. Missy, Beth and Sharon are all very smart as well. They became bored with school and we've arranged to home school them, so they can be challenged. Would you mind if we have Cindi tested as well? Also, would you mind if we looked into home schooling her too? Thelma is a teacher and has her credentials for teaching in the state of California."

John let out a big sigh. "This is something I've been worrying about. Jenny had a special rapport with Cindi. I don't. Ever since she started school, we've had problems. Disruptive behavior is her hallmark. I know she is very smart, but her grades have been terrible. They told us a couple of weeks ago they might have to hold her back this year. If Thelma can teach her, I'd be all for it."

"She has been a perfect angel the time she's been with us, John."

<Awe shucks!> Cindi put in.

"How is she at home with you?"

"Like I said, her and Jenny had something going. Even so, she has made mine and Jimmy's lives miserable at times. Usually, it's pretty juvenile stuff, like short sheeting Jimmy's bed. There have been other times I've wanted to kill her."

<He never wanted to kill me Mike. He did want to spank me a few times though.>

"Like the time she subscribed to like eighty different magazines in my name. It took me months to get that straightened out. Some of them still come every month, and I still get bills for them."

<I just wanted to see how stupid the magazine people were Mike. I put down Dad's name, but said he was three years old. Almost every one I asked for came in.>

<We'll talk about this later sweety. Maybe the butt spanking is back on.>

<Awe Mike.>

"She seems to have formed a special bond with us as well, John. She didn't pull one prank while we were gone. Is she going to be too much for you while you're getting started on your new job?"

"I honestly don't know how I'm going to handle her Mike. I'm going to have to be putting in some long hours until I get everything operating smoothly. I'm afraid she'll drive Jimmy crazy."

"John, during the time she's been with us, every one of us have come to love her as our little sister. I have a suggestion for you, remember, it's only a suggestion. You are her father, and whatever you decide is fine with us. Why not let her live with us until you are settled in?"

<Don't panic Mike. I'm invisible and I'm going to touch you.>

I felt a hand on the back of my neck, and a kiss on my cheek. I was watching John for his reaction and trying to appear as if nothing were happening.

"Do you think Bonnie would allow that?" He asked.

"I'm sure she would John. She loves her as much as the rest of us."

"I'll have to ask Cindi but if she agrees and Bonnie agrees, I don't have a problem with it. Remember, I warned you though."

<Get out of here babe. He's going to call for you. Bonnie, can you come back in now?>

<On my way Mike, > Bonnie said.

Bonnie came walking back into the room, smiling about something Phil had said. "Bonnie, John tells me he has been having trouble with Cindi. I told him she'd been fine with us, and suggested she stay with us for a while. He's agreeable if you and Cindi are."

"Oh, I'm agreeable. She's been a little angel since she's been with us."

"Cindi, could you come in here please," I yelled.

Cindi was in the dining room within a couple of seconds. I explained to her what we'd been talking about (of course she already knew), then asked her if she'd like to stay with us for a while.

"Dad," Cindi said, "I love you with all my heart. I'm sorry I've been so much trouble for you. Sometimes I just get bored, and I do some stupid things. Yes, I would like to stay here for a while. Beth, Missy, Sharon and Mike keep me busy and keep me interested in things. I don't think I'll get in trouble here."

"Well baby, we'll be close enough I can see you every day. Are you sure this is okay with you?"

"Yes Daddy. I really like it here. Thelma says I can finish school in a year if I really try. I'll like that too. I didn't get along with the kids my age."

"Believe me I know, baby. I have been called to the school enough.>"

We all got a laugh out of that. "John, you need to go in to our attorney's office this afternoon and sign some papers. Then if you could check on the office space I'd appreciate that," Bonnie said.

<Thelma, could you call your friend and see about getting Cindi tested?>

<Sure Mike. Give me a few minutes though. I'm negotiating with a very slick salesman right now. How would you feel about me flashing him some tit if it would save us a couple of thousand?>

<Sure. Go for it. Did you scan him? Is that what he wants?>

<I scanned him and he wants a lot more than that. He'll settle for a tit flash though.>

<You could always make him forget he saw them afterwards, >

<No Mike. I'm an honest politician. I stay bought.>

<Okay love. Cripple the bastard if he tries for anything else though.>

<Will do love.>

John left shortly there after, after finding out who our attorney was and getting directions. The four of us who were left in the house shucked our clothes and sat around talking for a while. The main topic of conversation was the business.

<Why do we need to hire all of these people?> Beth asked. <We've been making money so far and haven't really had to work hard to do it. Do we really need them?>

<One reason is to make the business look good to the IRS and the SEC, > Bonnie told her. <If we make a lot of money and don't have any expenses to show for how we made it, government agencies are going to get suspicious.>

<Another reason is we are going to be helping other people, > Sharon told her.

<And still another is that with these people to do the everyday work, we are going to be making far more money than we ever would if it was just us, > I supplied. <For example, I can go through the Wall Street Journal and find stocks to buy. If we have a securities analyst on board they can supply me with a list of companies daily, and in just a few minutes I can give a go or no-go on them. We could even do it by phone if we are traveling.>

<Okay I guess I can see all that, but why does Missy feel like she has to learn about real estate, and why does she feel she has to work for the company after she learns?>

<I think you know the answer to that Beth. You are linked with Missy aren't you? She feels like she owes us something. She also has an interest in real estate, and wants to learn about it. She wants to feel productive and feel like she's a part of things.>

<Amen!> said Missy.

<Hi darling. We were just talking about you.>

<I know Mike. It's amazing how much we know about each other now, isn't it?>

<Yes it is love. Now my sweet daughter here, who is snuggling naked on my lap never had the feelings that you do. I just wish you could accept things like she has.>

<Mike, you are going to marry Sharon. That automatically makes her an equal partner with you. I will never be married, so I feel more like I'm on my own.>

<Missy, if I could marry more than one person, I'd marry you as well. If you'd have me that is.>

<Oh, I'd have you. No doubt about that. I love you Mike.>

<I love you too Missy, > I told her.

<I love you too Missy, > Sharon said. <If I could marry you, I would.>

<And I would marry you too, Sharon. I love you.>

<Me too!> Cindi said. <I'd marry all of you. I love you all.>

Missy and Thelma arrived home and we had to go out and look at Missy's new car. It was identical to Beth's except Missy had gone for a baby blue.

<Did you have to tit flash the guy?> I asked Thelma.

<I actually gave him a couple of flashes. I got a great deal though. Two percent over what they paid for it. That barely covers prep costs. The salesman gave up his commission to see my beautiful boobies.>

<That should have been worth a few thousand to him lover. You have fantastic ta tas.>

Missy said that since she was dressed, she was going to run down to the library and pick up a few books. She asked if any of us wanted to go along, but we all declined.

We had given up on talk about the business and had started talking about how we were going to get to Daniels, when Cindi said, <Clothes on everyone. Dad's coming. He has Jimmy with him.>

We all scurried upstairs and dressed. I was sitting in my recliner with Sharon perched on my lap when they came in. You could tell Jimmy was blown away by the girls. I'm sure his tongue was hard, because he had a hard time carrying on a conversation.

"So, did you and Phil get everything worked out?" I asked John.

"Yes, no problems. He gave me my own company credit card too, so I can give yours back. I also talked to the people who own the building I was telling you about. They are very anxious to sell, and would like to meet with you as soon as possible."

"Okay, give them a call and see if you can set up an appointment for tomorrow for Bonnie, Thelma and I to meet with them. I'd like to get this rolling as soon as possible as well."

"John went over to the phone and made his call. He had talked for a minute or two then turned around and asked, "Would 10:00 AM be okay?"

I nodded my head and he finished his call. "Do you have any idea how much they're asking?" I asked.

"They told me $250,000, but I think you can get it for a lot less than that. I found out they bought a new, smaller place, and need the money for closing on that."

Bonnie, Thelma, and John went off to the kitchen to talk about furnishings and the like, so I started up a conversation with Jimmy.

"Cindi tells me you're almost thirteen," I told him. "How does it feel to be becoming a teenager?"

"It feels pretty good in some ways Mike, but in others it's a little scary. I feel like I'm growing up, and that's both good and bad."

"I know what you mean," I said. "I just turned seventeen. I have a couple of things to do, then I'm out of high school. That is scary too."

"Mike, you said the other day I could talk with you. Could we take a walk and talk now?"

"Sure we can do that Jimmy. You'll excuse us won't you Sharon?"

"I guess so. You're probably going to be talking guy stuff so I wouldn't want to hear that anyway."

<Remember I'm linked with you old buddy boy. If you give him that old "find 'em, feel 'em, fuck 'em, and forget 'em" line, I'll bite your dick off tonight.>

<Ahh, but then you wouldn't get to play with it any more, > I told her.

<Yeah, find something less useful to bite, > Missy said.

I was smiling as we left the house.

We walked about a block before Jimmy finally said anything. "You know Mike, losing Mom really hurts."

"I know Jim. My dad died about three years ago. I still miss him."

"Does it get any better?"

"Yes it does. I sometimes go for a day or two that I don't even think about him. When I do think about him, I remember the good times and it doesn't hurt as much."

"It's real bad right now Mike. Sometimes I wish it had been me that died instead of her."

"I know you feel that way Jim, but you have to remember how she would have felt. I'm sure she would have been happy it was her instead of you."

"Do you really think she didn't feel anything Mike?"

"I'm pretty sure of it Jim. Her neck was broken. I doubt she even had time to be scared."

"Thank you Mike. That helps."

We walked on a ways and then he said. "You know, being a teenager isn't all it's cracked up to be. There are a lot of things happening to me right now, and most of them I can't ask Dad about."

"You mean like sex things?"

"Yeah."

"Jim, you can ask me anything you like. I promise you I won't tell your Dad about anything you say to me."

"I appreciate that Mike. Do you know all that much about sex though?"

I had to laugh, and I heard several mental giggles. "I'm sorry Jim. I'm not laughing at you. What you asked is a fair question for any seventeen year old. I'm in a little different situation though. Sharon and I are engaged to be married. We share a bed every night."

"Oh, I didn't know."

"It's okay. We're not ashamed of what we do. We would rather you didn't tell anyone else about it though."

"Oh I wouldn't. Bonnie is your mother isn't she? Does she know about you and Sharon?"

<More mental giggles.>

"Yes she does Jim. I am very lucky. I can talk to Bonnie about anything."

<You'd better say you're lucky if you want to get lucky, > Bonnie commented.

<Be quiet girls. I'm trying to talk to this young man.>

There was a cacophony of boos and hisses, but then they quieted down.

"You mean you can talk to her about sex stuff and all?"

"Yep. Anything. She's really cool."

Jimmy was quiet for a couple of minutes again. "How old were you when you had sex the first time, Mike?"

"I was sixteen. Some people are ready younger than that and some aren't ready until they're older than that. There's no set age for your first time."

"Well, just before we moved, this one girl told me she wanted to do it with me. I wasn't sure if I should or not."

"Was she your age?"

"Yes. A couple of months younger."

"Okay, what I'd ask myself if it were me is, would she be someone my mother would like. If she is, then I'd figure she was a nice girl who just really liked me a lot. If not, I'd ask myself why she wanted to do something with me that you should only do with someone you love."

"But, can't you have sex without being in love?"

"Yes, you can, but it isn't nearly as good. If you're just after the physical feeling, doing it with someone you don't love isn't much better than pounding your pud."

"Is it really that much better if you love someone?"

"At least a thousand times, maybe a million."

"I don't know if I could stand something that felt a thousand times better than when I pound..."

I laughed. "Jim, it feels so good at times that one or the other of us pass out. That's how good it is."

"Damn."

"If I brought the girl that wants to have sex with me around, do you think Bonnie or Sharon would talk with her?"

"I'm sure they would Jim. We've all fallen in love with Cindi, and I'm sure they would want to help her brother. Hang around us enough, and they'll probably fall in love with you too."

"Oh God! I could fall in love with your sister, Beth, reeaall easy."

I laughed. <Did you hear that Beth? You have an admirer.>

<Yeah, he's a little young for me though. Over three years younger.>

<Sharon is two years younger than me. Bring them up to suit yourself I always say.>

<I'm going to get you for that, Michael Allen Green, > Sharon told me.

<Just teasing Sweetheart.>

"She is a cutie, isn't she. She turned sixteen a month ago though, so she is a little old for you."

<Hey, I'm 33. Am I too old for you?>

<No way Thelma. You have to remember I'm 58 though. Am I too old for you?>

<Hummm. Maybe you are buster.>

<I knew I never should have let you guys listen, > I said.

They all giggled again.

We finished our walk without Jimmy asking any more sex questions. I was sure he had some, but maybe he was getting a little embarrassed.

Missy came back from the library right after Jimmy and I returned from our walk. "Thank you for talking with me Mike," Jimmy said.

"That's what friends are for, Jim," I told him. I could see him swell up with pride that I'd called him a friend.

Missy had six large books with her when she came. One of them was for preparing for the licensing exam.

<Are you thinking about going for your realtor's license?> I asked her.

<I'm thinking about it. Is that silly?>

<Not at all. I don't think there's an age limit on it is there Bonnie?>

<Not that I know of. I don't think you'll have any trouble with the test Missy. The book you have there covers everything you need.>

John and Jimmy left and we all shucked out of our clothes again. <Mike, I called my friend, and she agreed to test Cindi tomorrow evening if that's okay.>

<Cindi, would you be willing to take an IQ test tomorrow evening?> I asked.

<Sure Mike. I like that kind of test.>

We had a light dinner at home, and turned in early. It was nice sleeping in the king sized bed again with all of the company.
Chapter 26 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 25 |   Bottom
Chapter 26
Posted: December 13, 2003 - 10:34:23 pm

Tuesday, November 9, 1976

The building we went to see on Tuesday morning was nice. I mean it was really nice. There was a large entry area with several chairs and a receptionist's desk. Behind the desk was the entry into the main set of offices. Off of one end of the reception area was a door leading to a conference room that would seat at least twenty people, and off the other end was a smaller conference room.

When you went through the door behind the receptionist's desk, there was a hallway that stretched along the whole back side of the reception area and the conference rooms. On the far side of the hallway were four executive offices. The two end ones were the largest.

Between the two middle offices was another hall that led on back to the bullpen.

This room had to be at least forty feet by sixty feet. There were two offices with floor to ceiling walls in the two back corners of the room. Men's and women's restrooms were in one of the front corners of the room.

We looked the place over carefully. I got into the maintenance closet and looked over the telephone and electrical distribution systems. Both seemed adequate. The plumbing was modern and all of the faucets and drains seemed to work fine.

We went into the larger conference room and took seats along the large conference table. We brought Cindi and John with us. John, because he appeared to be older than the rest of us, and Cindi because we thought we might need her for reading the people we were to be negotiating with.

Three men from the company we were going to buy the building from came in and introduced themselves. Only one of them, a Mr. Masters, did any talking. After they were seated, Masters looked at John and said, "It is a nice day outside. It might be better if the children played outside while we talk business."

Bonnie cracked up, and Thelma was almost as bad. Cindi and I sat there stoically. When Bonnie could quit laughing, she said, "Excuse me Mr. Masters. This is a family business, and we are a young looking family. I'm Bonnie Green. I'm the CEO of MBBS Enterprises. The young looking man over there is Michael Green. He's my son. He's also the President and Chairman of the Board of MBBS. The young lady beside me here is my sister, Thelma Richards. She's the COO of MBBS. You've met Mr. Salyers. The only child here is Cindi. She has an IQ that's off the charts, and could probably teach you a few things about business."

<Way to go Bonnie. Get them flustered to start with. It can only help when we get down to business.>

<My thoughts exactly.>

"I'm so sorry, Mrs. Green. I had no idea. You all look so young. I'd have thought you were seventeen or eighteen at the most."

"We'll take it as a compliment, Mr. Masters. Now can we talk business?"

"Certainly. Do you have any questions about the place to start with?"

Bonnie looked at me and I nodded. "Yes Mr. Masters. We'd like to see your gas, electric, water and sewage bills for the last year if we may. We'd also like to know how many phone lines there are coming in, and what amperage the electrical service is rated at," I said.

While I was talking one of the side boys was digging in a folder, pulling out the utility bills. "We had three lines installed Mr. Green, but there are provisions for six more if you need them. The electrical hookup is rated at 200 amps."

I handed the utility bills to Thelma and she wrote down the amounts.

"How much are you asking for the place?" Bonnie asked him.

"We'll need $250,000 for it."

"Are the furnishings included?"

"No, I'm afraid not. We'll be moving them out within the week."

<They'll take $125,000, Bonnie, > Cindi informed us.

"I'm afraid we don't have much to talk about them, Mr. Masters. We're looking at another building as well. I don't like the layout of it as well as I like this one, but we can get it for a hundred thousand."

"Oh, we couldn't possibly go that low, Mrs. Green. We might be able to make a few concessions, but it wouldn't be anything like that."

"Okay, I'll tell you what we'll do. We'll give you $125,000 cash in hand, today, but we'll require you to leave the furnishings."

"No can do, Mrs. Green. The best we could do is $175,000 if you want the furniture."

Bonnie smiled. She knew she had him now. "I'll meet you in the middle. $150,000. We keep the furniture, and we close next Monday with immediate occupancy."

Masters looked at the other two men on his side of the table then said, "Could you folks excuse us for a moment?"

We agreed we could, so the three of them left the room. <You could have gotten it for less, > Cindi told us.

<Cindi, you should always leave the other person feeling like they got the better of the deal. That way there's no hard feelings.>

They were only gone a few minutes, and when they came back in they were smiling. "Mrs. Green, we have a deal," Masters said.

"Okay, we'll have our attorney do a title search. It shouldn't take over a couple of days. We will be ready to close on Monday. You will need to have all of your files, and anything personal removed at that time."

"That isn't a problem. Everything has been removed already. If you'd like to get in to take measurements, or anything like that we can give you a key now."

"I'd like that very much, Mr. Masters. I would like to bring in the rest of the family to look it over, and maybe bring in a painter to get names put on the offices."

Masters handed over a set of keys and told Bonnie where each of them were used. "Would you like a deposit, Mr. Masters? I'll gladly get a certified check for say 20% right now, if you'd like."

"That won't be necessary, Mrs. Green. I know your company is good for it. What do you say to closing right here at 10:00 AM on Monday?"

"That will be fine, Mr. Masters. I think we're going to look around a little before we take off. We'll see you on Monday."

We shook hands all around, and the three men left the building. We did a little more exploring and found a unisex bathroom off the reception area, which greatly relieved Bonnie.

We took a closer look in the executive offices and were duly impressed. The furniture was excellent, and the offices were large. The end offices were especially nice, as they took in the width of the hall as well.

We had a discussion about who got what office. I said I didn't need one, but Bonnie and Thelma were adamant. I ended up with one of the end offices and Bonnie got the other one. Thelma was to be beside Bonnie, and John was to be beside me, since there was a safe in the office that was to be his.

"Okay," Bonnie said. "Here's what I want on the frosted glass doors. On my office it will say, 'B. S. Green, CEO'. On Thelma's office it will say, 'T. A. Richards, COO'. On your office it will say, 'J. E. Salyers, CFO'. On Mike's office it will say, 'M. A. Green, HMFIC'."

"Bonnie... , Mrs. Green, you said I was going to be the comptroller, not the Chief Financial Officer."

"Bonnie is what I answer to, John. I changed my mind. Different title, same pay, same duties. When the duties become more than you want to handle, we'll hire a comptroller. Until then, you're both."

"Okay Bonnie. If that's what you want. What about Mike's title. What does 'HMFIC' stand for?"

"That's something I'm not going to give out John. If anyone asks, just tell them you don't know. It's kind of a family joke."

"Okay, if that's what you want, that's what you'll get."

"John, we are also going to want you to contact a builder. We are going to need an office for the Personnel Manager, and I think we'll probably want one for a spare as well. If you could talk to someone and get an estimate for putting one office on either side of that hallway that runs between the offices, that would be perfect. Make them extend out into the big room and make them about twelve by twelve. Does that sound about right?"

"I was wondering about that. Yes that makes sense. I know a builder who can probably handle it with no problem. He's just getting started again after being off for a while due to a serious accident."

I knew what 'HMFIC' stood for and I was very pleased. Thelma and Cindi were in the dark though, so when we were in the car headed home Thelma asked, "So Bonnie, do I get let in on the family joke? What does 'HMFIC' stand for?"

Bonnie and I cracked up. "It stands for 'Head Mother Fucker In Charge'," She told her. "Kind of appropriate, don't you think?"

Now Thelma and Cindi broke up. They giggled on and off all the way home. They even had to tell the rest of the family before we got there.

When we got in the house, Sharon walked up to me and said, "Well if it isn't the HMFIC."

That started everyone off again.

Missy was going to spend the afternoon studying. Sharon, Bonnie, Thelma, and Beth decided they'd like to go in to the new building and do some snooping.

<Bonnie, I think Cindi and I are going to school. Just to let you know what we're up to. Would you like to do that Cindi?>

<What are we going to do at school, Mike?> Cindi asked.

<I'd like to know that myself, > Bonnie told me.

<We're going to go in, invisible, and see if we can get away with it. I'd like to do a little exploring and see what kind of obstacles we're going to run into.>

<Okay Mike. I know it has to be done, so be careful. Do you need anyone else to come with you?>

<No, but I would like to borrow Missy's car if I could Missy. No one knows it there at school.>

<Not a problem Mike, > Missy said, handing me the keys. <Just don't get caught.>

<I don't plan to Honey, and I will have our secret weapon with me.>

<Our secret weapon?> Bonnie asked.

<Cindi, > I said.

No one even laughed.

As we were driving to school, Cindi asked, <Mike, are we going in the boys shower room?>

<Yes, I think we need to.>

<Are there going to be boys in there taking a shower?>

<Yes, we need to go in just like we're going to do it when we take the pictures.>

<Oh goody! I get to see a lot of naked boys! Bonnie, I'm going to see a lot of naked boys!>

<I know Cindi, > Bonnie answered, <But after seeing Mike naked, you're going to be disappointed with the equipment the boys have.>

<What do you mean Bonnie?>

<I mean their cocks are going to be a lot smaller than Mike's.>

<Oh, > Cindi said. I could hear the disappointment in her voice.

<There will still be a large variety Honey, > I told her.

We made it through the front door without being seen, but I saw a problem as soon as I opened the door. They couldn't see us, but they could see the door open and close. We'd have to be careful when we got to the locker room. I let Cindi know, and we waited at the door to the gym until someone came through. I held it open just long enough for us to slide through behind them.

We waited around watching phys ed class until it was time for everyone to hit the showers. We used the trick of following someone else and got inside with no problem. It was a little more difficult after we got in the locker room, because it was a lot more crowded. We had to make sure we didn't bump into anyone, and that no one bumped into us.

We made our way to the showers and found the perfect spot to stand to take pictures. It was just inside the door, and there were no shower heads close.

Cindi was having a ball. <Mike. I've never seen so many cocks. This is fantastic. Look at that guy there. His isn't any bigger than a thimble. That guy over there is as big as you are though.>

<Yes, Cindi. There are all shapes and sizes.>

<Okay, I think we know it'll work now. I think we can go.>

<Do we have to?>

<I really think we should Cindi. Save a little bit of thrill for next time.>

<Oh alright. You're a spoil sport Mike.>

<Just wait until I get you home. I'll show you how much of a spoil sport I am, > I laughed.

We made it out with no problems, so I decided to look into Andrews' office before we left. This proved a lot harder to do. Finally, I asked Cindi if she could add to her projection the we weren't there, that the door was closed and remained closed.

She gave it a try, and it worked like a charm. <How many different things like these projections can you keep going at once?> I asked.

<I don't know Mike. Maybe we should test it sometime.>

We thought about going out for dinner to celebrate purchasing our new offices, but decided that since Cindi would be testing we would wait until tomorrow night. Thelma took Cindi to her friend's office and dropped her off. The friend said the testing would take about four hours, but we figured it would be a lot less than that.

Sure enough, less than an hour later, we were called by Cindi saying she would be done in a few minutes. I went with Thelma to pick Cindi up. Thelma introduced me to her friend, Dr. Janice Lambert, and we talked for a couple of minutes.

"Thelma tells me you have a very high IQ yourself, Mike. I gave Cindi the same tests Thelma tells me you took."

"Thank you, Dr. Lambert. I'm afraid Cindi far surpasses me though."

"She probably does Mike. I have never seen anyone complete the tests as fast as Cindi did. Please call me Jan. I'm Jan to Thelma, so I should be Jan to her friends as well."

"Okay Jan. When do you think you will have the results of Cindi's tests?"

"I can score the first one while she finishes the second one if you'd like. It only takes a few minutes."

"That would be great. We are really quite anxious to know the results."

Thelma came over and put her arm around me as we watched Jan get out the score sheet and lay it over Cindi's answer sheet. She was frowning as she ran her eyes down column after column. Finally she marked one wrong and then, seconds later she marked another one.

She laid down her marker and looked up at Thelma and me. "I haven't calculated it yet, but I've never seen a test like this one. I'm not sure our measurements go that high. By the way, Thelma, why are you molesting this young man?"

Thelma blushed and started to pull her arm away, but I put mine around her instead. I pulled her close and said, "Because she loves me Jan, and I love her too."

Jan stammered and blushed, then hid her embarrassment behind her work. She pulled out a chart and started aligning things like score and age. She stared at the chart for a minute or two then put it down and looked at us.

"That's what I was afraid of. She is off the chart. Far off the chart. Her IQ is somewhere over 200, but we have no way to measure it."

"Is the other test going to show any closer?" I asked.

"It's possible, because people do tend to score lower on it than on this one, but she's so far over on this one, I believe she will be on the other one as well."

Just then Cindi stuck her head out and said she was finished. Jan picked up the test papers and Cindi's answer sheet and came back out. She locked the test paper in a filing cabinet and sat back down.

"Would you like for me to score this one now too?" she asked.

Thelma told her to go ahead and we watched as she went through the same process she had on the previous test. This time there were three wrong answers. Jan got out her charts for this test and then shook her head.

"Same results guys. Too high to measure with our current testing methods."

"Are there any other tests that would give a better idea?" I asked.

"Not that I know of, but I will check around and see if I can find anything out. I'll call you guys either way."

"Jan, we want to ask you to keep this quiet if you would," Thelma said. "We're afraid the publicity might hurt her, or that the government might decide she was someone they might like to study. We want to give her the best chance we can to grow up healthy and happy."

"I can understand that Thelma. You know I have no problem in keeping my mouth shut."

The rest of the evening went quietly. Cindi had a lot of questions about her IQ.

<Cindy, the problem is, you are too smart. You are so far above normal people that they can't measure how smart you are. The rest of us are nearly as smart, and that's why you feel so much more comfortable with us than you do with anyone else.>

<Am I some kind of freak then?>

<Definitely not a freak, Sweety. Just exceptionally gifted. We love you for who you are. We wouldn't change a thing about you. Well... except maybe for that freckle right there, > I said as I touched her nose.

Cindi attacked. Have you ever been attacked by a nine year old girl with a really nasty mind? It can be dangerous. If there hadn't been six of us, she might have won. As it was, we all collapsed in a giggling heap after about fifteen minutes, so a clear winner was not decided.

Wednesday, November 10, 1976

I already had Missy's coffee poured when she came in for our morning snuggle. She settled onto my lap and I put my arms around her. <How's the studying coming Sweetheart?> I asked.

<Mike, you wouldn't believe how easy it is. I can read one of those huge books I brought home in less than an hour, and I remember everything I read. It's amazing. I think I could pass the test for the realtor's license after one day of study.>

<That's great Missy. Are you still interested in it now that you've learned a lot about it?>

<Definitely. The problem is, I don't have any experience. The study has also opened up a lot of other areas I want to look into as well.>

<Like what?>

<Like appraisals and financing and insurance and liability to begin with. I'm sure they'll open up other things as well.>

<Just promise me something Missy. Okay?>

<Sure. What's that?>

<Don't burn yourself out. Have some fun. Enjoy yourself. We can hire people to do anything that needs done, so just do what you feel like doing and leave the rest to others.>

<I can do that Mike. I've come a long way in the short time I've been with you guys. I can relax now. I can feel like I'm part of the family and that I don't owe you anything. I love you all and I can feel the love all of you have for me.>

<I'm so glad Missy. Now, can you move your sweet butt so I can get us another cup of coffee?>

<No. Sit still. I'll get us another cup.>

We sat and sipped for a while then I said, < You know, you should ask Bonnie what it takes to take the realtor's exam. She went through it a few years ago. You should also ask her what you should do to get some practical experience.>

<Yeah, I was thinking of that. I think I want to go through some stuff on appraisals first though. I think that is going to be important to us. I don't want us to become slum lords, but we want to buy as cheaply as we can.>

After everyone was up, we planned our day. Cindi and I were going to take our polaroid and see if we could catch Coach Daniels on film. Bonnie and Thelma decided they needed to go to the employment office and see if they could find a Personnel Manager. Missy was going back to the library for more books. That left Beth and Sharon.

<I have a suggestion for you ladies if you have nothing else to do, > I told them.

<And what would that be big bro?>

<Cindi and I are going to need a small tape recorder to catch Mr. Andrews and Coach Daniel's conversation. I would like something not much bigger than a pack of cigarettes if possible. There's a place down in San Jose that has every kind of electronics you can imagine. If I could get you guys to go down and find something for us, I would appreciate it.>

<We can do that for you Daddy, > Sharon said. <Will you drive me down there Auntie Beth?>

Beth started giggling. <What's this Auntie Beth shit?> I asked. <It's bad enough my future wife is calling me daddy.>

<Well, you are my Daddy aren't you?>

<Yes.>

<Beth is your sister isn't she?>

<Yes.>

<Then that makes her my Auntie Beth.>

<She's got you there bro.> Beth could hardly get that out for the giggling. The rest of the family seemed to think it was funny too, especially Bonnie.

<Laugh if you like, Bonnie. Just wait until she starts calling you grandma and see how you like it.>

That really set everyone off. I didn't think we'd ever get on the road.
Chapter 27 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 26 |   Bottom
Chapter 27
Posted: December 15, 2003 - 09:24:22 pm

I traded cars with Missy for the trip to school. Cindi and I went invisible before we got out of the car. We made it inside with no problem, and went straight to Coach Daniels' office.

Daniels was in his office, and Cindi and I slipped in like we owned the place. Daniels was thinking about a meet coming up this Saturday. I started putting little thoughts in his head to see what would happen.

<The boys from gym class are going to be going in for a shower in a few minutes.>

We listened as he thought. <There are a couple of cute ones in this class. Too bad I can't watch them more closely. Coach Hardesty would have a fit if he saw me watching them.>

He went back to thinking about the meet. I probed deeper and found he taught gym class during next period.

<We're not going to get lucky this period Cindi. Let's give him a couple of more thoughts, then go take a break somewhere.>

To Daniels we sent. <It would be nice to be able go take a shower with the boys.>

We waited a few seconds while this sank in then sent, <If I got all hot and sweaty during class, no one could say anything if I took a shower. Why shouldn't I take a shower with the boys. I'm going to shower with the boys.>

A big smile started building on Daniels' face as we saw this sinking in. <Okay, Cindi. What would you like to do until the end of next period?>

<Why don't we go in the girls' shower room for the end of this period?>

I must say a little thrill ran through me when she said it. <Cindi! Why would you want to do something like that?>

<I don't know Mike. I'm just curious I guess. Could we do it?>

<Awh, go ahead Mike, > Sharon broke in. "I know you want to. Think of all that young pussy you'll get to see. Just be sure you come home and fuck this young pussy.>

<Sharon, yes I'd like to see all the nude girls. I guess I'm a bit of a pervert. Are you sure you don't mind?>

<Not at all Daddy.>

I know when I'm beaten, so we made our way quickly into the girls' locker room. We took up a stand next to the door of the shower room and waited for the girls to come in. Apparently they were Sophomores because Alice was one of them.

They talked and milled around and shed their clothes with less modesty than the boys showed. We got a good look at nearly all of them as they passed us going into the shower room.

Cindi and I followed them in and stood where we were not going to be splashed.

I must say, Alice has a good body. There were a lot of good bodies in that shower room. One girl, who I had always thought of as a complete nerd, and who hid her body under baggy, unattractive clothes stood out from all the rest. She was gorgeous. Clearly as pretty as any of my girls.

Cindi got distracted and I saw the girl's head pop up who I had been watching and swing in our direction. I could see her scan back and forth, then she turned so we couldn't see her as clearly.

<Sharon, who is the girl I'm looking at?>

<You mean the one you've been staring at the whole time you've been in there Dear?>

<Yes, daughter of mine. That's the one.>

<That's Melanie Williams. She's cute under those dowdy clothes isn't she?>

<More than cute Honey. She's gorgeous. She also knows we're here.>

<What?>

<Cindi must have lost control or something. Melanie whirled around and looked directly at us. I know she heard something mentally.>

<Well, Daddy. I think you two should carefully make your way out of there. As cute as all those pussys are, I think you should forgo looking at them any more.>

<You're right Sweety. Come on Cindi.>

Cindi didn't even argue. When we were out, sitting on an unused section of bleachers, Cindi said, <I'm sorry Mike. I didn't know I'd lose control like that.>

<It's okay baby. I should have known. We'll be more careful next time.>

<Cindi, lets let ourselves be seen. I want to see if Melanie notices us when she comes by. Also, drop your mind shield.>

<Are you sure that's a good idea Mike?> Bonnie asked.

<No Bonnie, but I think we have to see what happens.>

<If she reacts badly Mike, you're going to have to go in and wipe out her memory of seeing you. You know that don't you?> Thelma asked.

<Yes Thelma. I know that. We'll do what we have to do.>

A few minutes later, Melanie came walking out of the locker room, looking as dowdy as ever. She saw Cindi and I sitting on the bleachers and came straight to us.

"You're Mike Green, aren't you?" she asked.

"Yes Melanie. I'm Mike and this is Cindi."

<You were in the shower room weren't you?> she asked mentally.

<Yes again Melanie. I'm sorry for invading your privacy. Are you a natural telepath?>

<Yes, and I thought I was the only one. I think finding not one mind that was aware of others, but two was more shocking than knowing you were watching me shower, and not being able to see you.>

<Melanie, it was my fault we were in the shower room, > Cindi told her. <Mike didn't want to, but I talked him into it.>

<Don't worry about it Cindi. I'm glad you did. You can't imagine how lonely I've been.>

<Yes I can. I only found Mike and his family a little over a week ago. It is lonely.>

<Mike, you seem a little suspicious. Can you deep scan someone to see what their underlying thoughts are?>

<Yes.>

<Why don't we go somewhere private, and you can deep scan me. I want you to trust me and I don't think you can until you've done that.>

<Okay Melanie, let's go.>

We went out to Missy's car. Cindi got in the back and Melanie got in the passenger side front. She leaned her head back and said, <Do your thing guys. I'm completely open to you.>

She was too. Cindi and I probed to the very depths of her mind. She hid nothing from us. I was completely amazed she would be so open. Finally we were through.

<Melly, you have a completely beautiful mind. Thank you for sharing with us.>

<You're welcome Mike. Where do we go from here?>

<I guess a lot of it depends on where you want to go from here. There are seven of us that we know of, and we all live together. We are linked together most of the time and we share everything. Would you like to meet the rest of the group?>

<Very much Mike. The sooner the better.>

<Bonnie, do you think I should ask if she wants to link with us?>

<I'd say so Mike. We were all with you while you and Cindi probed her. She seems okay. The rest of us have talked it over and we're agreeable.>

<Sharon, what do you think?>

<It looks like you're going to add another woman to your harem Daddy. I love you.>

<I love you too Daughter/wife/lover/sister.>

<Melly, the rest of the group are all female. Cindi is the youngest, and Bonnie, who is my mother is the oldest.>

<Oh you lucky man. I'll bet you're making love to every one of them.>

<Well... yes I am. It seems to be a part of being so close. Does that bother you?>

<You mean that you're making love to your mother? No it doesn't. Just being able to talk mentally makes me feel very close to you and Cindi.>

<Would you like to meet the rest of the group right now by linking with us? I think you know most of them already.>

<I'd like that very much Mike.>

Cindi showed her how to join the link. Within seconds she was chatting with the rest of the group. <Melly, there's something you need to know up front, > I told her. <I belong to Sharon. We will be married as soon as we're old enough. She is willing to share me with everyone else, but I am hers, heart and soul.>

<That's not a problem Mike. You have to remember I can feel what you are feeling for Sharon. I can also feel the lust you are feeling for me right now, > she giggled.

<Oh that's my Daddy, > Sharon said. <He is a lusty brute.>

<Daddy?>

Sharon ran through the story for her, leaving out nothing. <Mike, you are a pervert. You are committing physical incest with Bonnie and Beth and mental incest with Sharon. That has to be the definition of pervert, > Melly laughed.

<Melly, what can I say? I love them all.>

<I know you do Mike. By the way, why are you calling me Melly? No one has ever called me that before?>

<I'm sorry. What would you like for me to call you?>

<Melly is fine. I like it actually. It's just that no one has ever called me that before.>

<Mike, we're having trouble finding a recorder like you want, > Beth told me. <They have them that small, but the sound quality is terrible.>

<We assumed you'd want to be able to pick up voices from five or six feet away, and be able to recognize who they are, > Sharon said. <There's one that is about a foot long and six inches wide that does the job, but anything smaller and you couldn't tell if it was your Aunt Mabel or your Uncle Frank talking.>

<Where are they looking at recorders?> Melly asked.

<They're at Fries down in San Jose.>

<And we're still linked? That's amazing.>

<And fun. Think of how much trouble we saved by being able to talk about it before they bought the wrong thing.>

<Melly, what kind of home life do you have? Missy was in an abusive foster home and Sharon was being abused by her father. Is everything okay for you?> Bonnie asked.

<Oh, as far as that goes, everything is okay. We don't have a lot of money, and Mom and Dad don't have a clue that I'm different from most people, but there's no abuse or anything. Dad isn't dumb, but he works as a personnel manager for a small company. They don't pay him what he's worth, so we never seem to have enough money. I'm sure you've noticed that all of my clothes came from Goodwill or the Salvation Army.>

<Humm. Would your father be willing to change jobs if a better offer came along?>

<I don't know Bonnie. Mom quarrels at him sometimes, but he says he is used to working for a small company and doesn't want to be swallowed up by a large one.>

<You may have just solved a problem for us, Melly. We have our own company and Thelma and I have been visiting employment offices and head hunters all morning looking for a Personnel Manager. Do you think your Dad might be interested?>

<He might. Especially if it is a small company. Mom would sure be interested and she would probably give him a kick start to get him moving.>

<Do you know what he's making now?>

<Yeah, I have to do their taxes for them. He makes a little less than $18,000.>

<We'll offer him $40,000. We just need to arrange for him to meet with us.>

<God! Mom will love you. You should invite her to the interview too.>

<We'll do that. What are your plans for the rest of the day Melly?>

<Well, I was going to go to class, but to hell with that. I guess I'm open.>

<Why don't you go home with Mike and Cindi. Thelma and I will be there shortly, and Sharon and Beth will be there as soon as they get back from San Jose.>

<I can do that. What do you have in mind?>

<We'd like to get to know you a little better this afternoon. Then, I think we should invite your parents over for dinner this evening. If we like what we see and here from your father, we'll make him an offer for a new job.>

<Okay, I can call Mom when I get to your place and you can invite them over.>

<Don't mention a job offer until we've talked to your father. I'm sure he'll work out fine for the job, but I would like to talk to him first.>

<Sounds good. Get us out of here Mike.>

<Do you need to get anything from inside?>

<No, I'm way ahead on all of my classes anyway.>

Once we were all home, we sat down in the living room to talk. Missy came in just after Cindi, Melly and I did. Cindi and Missy went off to fix some lunch while we waited for the rest of the family.

When we were all gathered, Melly didn't even have to be introduced. <You're Ms. Richards aren't you?> she asked Thelma.

<Yes, but I'm Thelma to family and friends.>

<Are you saying I'm part of the family?> Melly asked.

<Not yet, > Bonnie told her. <We haven't voted on you yet. How about it gang? Do we have another family member?>

There were no dissenting votes. <Okay, Melly. You are now a member of the family, if you'll have us.>

<Of course I'll have you, > Melly said. <Bonnie, I've been so lonely for so long. I never thought I'd find anyone I could fully relate to, now I have seven of you.>

<Okay, here's the deal. We have some rules we live by. I hope you can live with them too. First off, we are like the three Musketeers. It's one for all and all for one. If something happens to one of us, we all react, using as much force or whatever is required by the situation. If it means killing someone to save one of ours, then that's what we'll do. Do you have a problem with that?>

<No problem at all Bonnie. I don't want to lose a single one of you.>

<The second thing is we are a family. We share everything. Everything you have is ours and everything we have is yours. Can you live with that?>

<I don't have much Bonnie, but what I have is yours.>

<We do have a lot, and we'll have a lot more soon. I don't want to hear any arguments from you saying you don't share in what is ours.>

<Okay, I guess. It just doesn't seem fair to you though.>

<That's the way all of us were brought in Melly. The only ones to contribute any money to the group are Bonnie and Thelma. The rest of us are basically freeloaders, except for Mike, who is the one making our money grow.>

<If that's what you want, I'll accept it.>

<Okay, the next thing is that nothing said or done by anyone in the family is told to anyone outside the family. I guess this is just another way of saying we have total loyalty.>

<I'm fine with that Bonnie. Missy and Beth can tell you I'm not one to gossip.>

<We may do or say things you don't like, Melly, but for the most part we'll be willing to talk these things out with you. You will never be forced to do anything you don't want to do, but you may have to ignore behavior by some of us that you don't approve of.>

<You mean like the incest?>

<That's what I was thinking of.>

<I have no problem with that Bonnie. Like I told Mike and Cindi, I would be surprised if you all weren't intimate sexually. I don't see how you could remain linked for any length of time without it happening.>

<There's one other thing, > Sharon said as she got up and started to strip. <When there is just family here, clothing is optional. I hate to wear clothes at all now.>

Melly giggled as Sharon continued to strip. When she was as naked as a pealed grape, Sharon started unbuttoning my shirt. <Mike got to see you naked in the shower. It's only fair you get to see him the same way.>

Melly watched closely as Sharon undressed me. When she was done, she had me stand up and turn around. When I sat back down, Sharon snuggled down on my lap.

<Does that shock you Melly?> Bonnie asked.

<No. It excites me, but it doesn't shock me. Are the rest of you going to undress too?>

<Probably. If it doesn't bother you.>

Melly got up and started taking her clothes off. Everyone else just sat and watched. When she was nude, Beth gasped, <Melly, I've never seen you naked before. You are absolutely beautiful.>

<Thank you Beth. Is everyone else waiting for an invitation?>

Soon we were all in our normal attire for when we were home. Melly made her call to her Mom, and Bonnie got on the line and asked them over for dinner. Mrs. Williams was hesitant at first, but Bonnie talked her into it without revealing the purpose of our asking them.

We sat around and talked until it was time to start preparing dinner. Bonnie, Thelma, and Beth were actively preparing the meal, but the rest of us sat around the table and watched. This is one of my favorite things to do, and everyone knew it. There's something about a woman wearing an apron and nothing else that really gets me going. Life is good.

We all got dressed about an hour before our guests were due to arrive. They were right on time, which pleased me greatly. I hate people who are late. If I make a commitment to be somewhere at a certain time I'm there, even if I have to sit in my car for a while awaiting the appointed time.

I liked Jeff Wilson from the start. He had a firm but not crushing handshake, and he treated me like an adult. He was polite to the girls and didn't come on to them, which was another point in his favor.

Mary Williams was a quiet, shy woman, but I could tell that at home, she ruled the roost. She was pretty, but not beautiful like her daughter. After we all had talked a bit, she opened up more, and I could tell she was an intelligent woman as well.

Somewhere around half way through dinner, Bonnie said, "Jeff, Melanie tells me you are the Personnel Manager at a small company. Do you like the work?"

"Yes, I like the work just fine. I always have been good with people, and I enjoy working with them. We only have around twenty people where I work, so there isn't a lot of challenge to it."

"Do you like the people you are working for?"

He glanced at Mary then said, "They're alright. A little stingy, but relatively nice people."

"Do you know of any Personnel Managers who are looking for a job with a small company?"

"No... Why?"

"We're starting up a small company. We've incorporated it, and only have about six employees right now. We're probably going to have about as many as you have where you work now when we're up and running. The pay is going to be first rate though."

"How would you define first rate?" he asked cautiously.

"We were thinking $40,000 to start. The Personnel Manager would have to set up an insurance plan and whatever."

Mary dropped her fork, then blushing from head to toe said, "For that kind of money, Jeff would be interested in the job."

"Mary, I wish you wouldn't do that," Jeff said. "I can do my own talking. What kind of company is it Bonnie?"

"Investments. The stock market and real estate mainly. We have about ten million in assets right now, but that is growing every day."

"Did you invite us over her to offer me a job Bonnie?"

"Not exactly Jeff. We were thinking about you for the position since Melanie mentioned what you do for a living. We wanted to get to know you a little before we made an offer though. We are making the offer now though."

"He'll take it," Mary spoke up.

"Mary... I told you I can speak for myself. What kind of people are you looking to hire Bonnie?"

"We'll be needing a receptionist, at least one secretary, a couple of stock analysts, a couple of real estate people, and a manager or two for right now. We'll have to see how things go before we know what else we'll need."

"That wouldn't be a problem. Most of those people are readily available. I've been negotiating with a company for an insurance package for where I work now. Their insurance is very poor. The new company I'm talking with has a very good plan, but it costs a couple of hundred more per person than the old plan does."

"We'd definitely want the better plan, Jeff. We want to treat our employees right. We figure that well paid, happy employees are loyal employees."

"I like the way you think Bonnie. If this is a firm offer, I'll accept. I'll need to give two weeks notice where I'm at now. They've been getting nasty over the last couple of years though, and frequently fire anyone on the spot who turns in their resignation. When would you want me to start?"

"Tomorrow if they fire you. Two weeks will be fine if they let you work out your notice."

We talked for a while and explained we would be getting possession of our new building on Monday, but that Jeff's new office probably wouldn't be ready for a few days. He had no problem with that, and said if he needed something before then he'd take one of the offices in the bullpen until it was ready.

Bonnie also brought up Melly. "I don't know if you are aware of it, but Melanie is a very smart girl. She is wasting herself in high school, and is bored to death. Thelma is a teacher, and is home schooling all of our brood. We were wondering if you'd consent to Melanie joining the rest of our group."

"I don't know," Mary said, acting totally lost. "What would be the advantage?"

"Melanie could finish with high by the end of this year, Mary. She could start college in the fall. We will be more than happy to pay for her college education if you'll allow her to do this."

"Is this something you want to do Melanie?" Jeff asked.

"More than anything in the world Dad. The classes I'm having to take are boring me to death. I was going to try to test out of some of them, but Mr. Andrews said last week they won't let anyone test out of any class until further notice. I'll go crazy if I have to stay in this school."

Jeff looked over at Mary and she gave him a little nod. He sighed then said, "I hate to see my little girl growing up so fast, but if Bonnie and Thelma think it is best for you then I'll go along with it. Just do your best baby."

Melanie ran over and hugged him. "I will Daddy. I'll make you proud."

"I'm already proud of you darling. So is your Mom. We just want what is best for you."

"Mr. and Mrs. Williams, could Melanie spend the night with us? That way she can see what it would be like to do the home study thing," Beth asked.

"I don't know," Jeff said. "How do you feel about her staying over Bonnie?"

"That's fine with me Jeff. Beth is right. Melanie should see how the home schooling works. She might decide she doesn't like it."

Jeff nodded and again looked to Mary. She smiled and said, "Let her stay Jeff. It'll give us a chance to celebrate." When she realized what she'd said, Mary blushed a deep red.

As soon as Melanie's parents were gone, we all stripped again. I plopped back on the couch, and Sharon, surprisingly, sat beside me. <Would you like the honor of holding Mike down for a while, Melly?> she asked.

Melanie didn't hesitate, but immediately sat on my lap. She had to wiggle around a little to get comfortable with the iron bar that was poking her in the butt, then she looked at me and smiled. <Bet you didn't think about this when you were perving on me in the shower this morning did you?>

<He was thinking of something like this, > Cindi told her.

<Really? How old are you Cindi?>

<I'm nine.>

<Oh my God. You're a little perv too you know.>

<Yeah, I know. I was too interested in watching everyone when I let my mind shield slip and you realized we were there.>

<Mike must have let his slip too. I could feel both of you for a few seconds.>

<Yeah, he was watching too.>

Melanie looked over at Bonnie and raised an eyebrow. <I can't control her, > Bonnie said. <If I can't control her, how can I expect Mike to do it?>

I'd like to say I made love to Melly all night, but I didn't. In fact I didn't make love to anyone that night. It was a no sex night. I did sit with Melly on my lap for a couple of hours, with Sharon at my left side and a procession of the others on my right. It's nice to be surrounded by girl flesh, especially naked girl flesh.
Chapter 28 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 27 |   Bottom
Chapter 28
Posted: December 17, 2003 - 12:25:17 am

Thursday, November 11, 1976

Missy and I were on our second cup of coffee when Melly came into the kitchen the next morning. She was wearing a robe, but when she saw how Missy and I were dressed, she threw it off.

<Would you like some coffee?> Missy asked.

<Yes please. Black.>

<You can borrow Mike's lap if you'd like, > Missy told her as she had started to sit down across from me. <Mike and I have had our morning cuddle.>

<I think I'll just sit here for a while. I need to wake up first.>

<Your loss, > Missy said as she settled back on my lap. <I've come to depend on my morning cuddle to get started. Did you sleep well last night?>

<Yes, but Beth disappeared sometime during the night.>

<Yeah, she ended up pushing her way in between Mike and I. The slut.>

We sat quietly for a few minutes then Sharon came wandering in. She smacked Missy on the butt and said, "Move bitch."

Melanie looked frightened for a minute, but smiled when Missy got up, kissed Sharon and asked if she'd like a cup of coffee. Sharon settled in on my lap while Missy brought her some coffee.

<So far this home schooling seems like a lot of hard work, > Melly teased. <Do you guys always work this hard in the mornings?>

<Sometimes it's worse, > Sharon answered. <Sometimes we don't get up until noon.>

<We haven't really gotten started with the home schooling yet, > Missy told her. <I think we may end up doing our own thing for a while. I got interested in real estate, and have done a little studying on it. Today I'm going to be studying appraisals.>

<Melly, do you read very rapidly, and do you remember everything you've read?> I asked.

<Not really.>

<We have found that the size of a certain blood vessel in the brain causes the telepathy to be increased, and if the vessel is big enough, it also gives you a higher IQ, faster reading skills, and a perfect memory. Would you mind if I took a quick look in your brain to see how big your vessel is?>

<Do I have to do anything?>

<No Melly, just sit still for a second.>

<Okay, go ahead.>

I looked at the vessel in question and I could see it was slightly larger than mine had been, but wasn't up to the size we had increased ours to. I explained this to Melly and asked if she'd like for me to adjust it.

<You can do that?>

<Yes, I've done it for everyone here, except Cindi. She is a phenomenon. She's smarter than all of us put together and has more abilities than any of us. She's an amazing young lady.>

<I'd hardly call her a lady, > Sharon laughed.

<Well, we can't call her a woman, and girl seems to down grade her.>

<Yeah Mike, I guess I would like for you to adjust it. Whenever you want to do it is fine.>

<Okay, it's done.>

<What? I didn't feel anything.>

<No. You won't. Over the next couple of days you're going to find you are reading at a rate of over four thousand words a minute, and remembering everything you've read.>

We explained to her about being able to change and fix things in her body and some of the implications of that.

<How did you and Cindi become invisible, and why couldn't I feel your thoughts yesterday?>

<We just project we're not there, both physically and mentally. I'll get Cindi to show you today.>

Since Cindi and I hadn't accomplished anything with Coach Daniels yesterday, we had to go back today. We knew what time he'd have a class, so we timed it to arrive mid way through it.

We watched him as he was directing the boys as they were playing basketball.

We started sending thoughts to Daniels. <It would be nice to be able go take a shower with the boys after this class.>

We waited a few seconds then sent, <I'm getting all hot and sweaty during this class, no one could say anything if I took a shower. Why shouldn't I take a shower with the boys. I'm going to shower with the boys.>

We slipped inside the locker room and then the shower and waited. About ten minutes later the boys started filtering in. They appeared to be Freshmen. I was beginning to wonder if our suggestions had worked when Coach Daniels came in. He had a towel draped over his shoulder and a smile. Nothing else.

We watched as he hung his towel up and went to one of the shower heads. He was within a few feet of a couple of boys, so I snapped a picture then handed it to Cindi.

<He's watching that one boy with the blonde hair, > Cindi told me. <I'm going to have him call the boy over and while they're talking I'm going to give him an erection.>

<Go for it Cindi.>

Cindi did as she said she would and in a couple of minutes the boy was standing in front of the coach. They were facing each other, about three feet apart when the coach suddenly had an erection. His cock was pointed directly at the boy. I took four pictures during this exchange, including one when the boy realized Daniels had a hardon. I took another when the boy started backing away, a look of horror on his face, and another when he turned and ran from the shower.

<That's good. Let's get the hell out of here, > I told Cindi.

I took one more of the boy as he sat on a bench getting dressed. There were tears in his eyes and his face was red and swollen.

I sent some gentle soothing thoughts toward him and assured him it wasn't his fault. I suggested he should tell his parents about it, and that he shouldn't be embarrassed when he told them. I added a little anger over what had happened, and I could tell he was feeling much better when we left.

When we arrived home, no one else was there. <Where is everyone?> I asked.

<Missy is at the library, and the rest of us are here at the office, > Bonnie answered.

<Cindi and I just got home. We're going to grab a bite of lunch.>

<When you finish, could you stop by a burger joint and pick something up for the rest of us?>

The phone rang while Cindi and I were eating a sandwich. True to form, when Jeff turned in his resignation, his former employer fired him. I told him Bonnie and the rest of them were at our new offices doing some cleaning. I gave him directions but told him he didn't need to come in until Monday if he didn't want to.

While I was telling him this, Cindi was telling Bonnie they might be getting company. We finished eating and made a pass by McDonalds to pick up food for the rest of the group.

We gave everyone a quick rundown of our morning experiences while they ate lunch. <Isn't Sammy Stinsen into photography?> Beth asked no one in particular.

<Yeah. Remember all of the candid shots he had in last year's yearbook?> Sharon agreed.

<You know where he lives, don't you Sharon?> Beth asked.

<Yeah.>

<Why don't you and Mike run over there when school's out and see if he'll copy the pictures for you? Him and Coach Daniels had a run in last year about pictures of the track team. He should enjoy a little revenge.>

I looked at Sharon and she looked back and nodded.

<We'll do it, > I told Beth.

Jeff came in before the girls finished eating. He gave us the sordid details of being fired. Bonnie asked if he'd like to wait until Monday to start work and he said he'd just as soon start today.

"We don't have our phones in yet Jeff, but I can give you the numbers we will have. The phone company promised they'll be in by noon on Monday."

"I can do some calling from home if that would be okay. Do you have any problem with me doing a little corporate raiding? I know several people where I work now who are looking for something better."

"No, I don't have a problem with that. Your old company proved they are unethical by firing you immediately. Be sure they're good people. Who did you have in mind from there?"

"There are three I can think of immediately. One is a secretary, another is a receptionist, and the third is an accountant."

"Our CFO is John Salyers. I'll want him to interview the accountant. Thelma or I one will interview the other two. You can set up the interviews for the weekend if you need to so your old employer doesn't get suspicious."

"I'm sure one or two of them would appreciate that. How many people are you going to need in accounting?"

"I really don't know at this point. Mike, could you find a pay phone and call John? See if he could come in and talk with us for a while."

"Sure Bonnie. I'll be right back."

I took off and found a pay phone about two blocks from our offices. John said he'd be right over, and I was pleasantly surprised that he lived up to his word.

Bonnie made introductions all around, and we started talking about personnel. "When I talked with Phil Shelton, he gave me copies of everything he had about MBBS. I've been looking over those papers and over your portfolio. Very impressive. We're going to have to do some real planning to help minimize the tax bite though."

"How many people are you going to need in your department John?"

"For the accounting part of it, I'd say two people for right now. Both good tax accountants. I'd say we need two market analysts to work on stock and commodities purchases. I'd also say we need two or three people for the real estate operation."

"Okay, but I want anyone you hire to know up front that Mike has the final say on any stock or commodities transactions and that Missy has final say on all real estate."

"That shouldn't be a problem. Mike's title is HMFIC, what is Missy's title going to be?"

"How about Real Property Manager?"

"It works for me. At least I understand what that means."

"What does HMFIC stand for?" Phil asked.

"It's a family joke Phil. Mike is President and Chairman of the Board. Both Mike and Missy are under age, so someone else will have to sign papers for them. Be sure that at least one person in each area is trustworthy enough and responsible enough to carry out those duties. Are you going to need a secretary John?"

"Probably so. We can wait a while on that though. Phil is a good attorney and he should remain our corporate attorney. We do need some specialized legal counsel as well. Phil says we need a tax attorney, and we need an attorney to negotiate any problems that arise with the SEC. He will make a formal recommendation to you about who we should retain."

"Are you going to need any assistants or a secretary Phil?"

"No. Not right now anyway. I think we need one secretary who will be shared by Mike, Missy, You, Thelma, and me. We should also have a receptionist, but we will want someone who can take on some secretarial duties as well."

"John, how do you see the company growing over the next few years? Especially with the need for new employees in mind."

"Well, Bonnie. I've been looking over how your finances have grown over the last six months. Not counting the five million dollar investment Thelma put in, your finances have been growing at around a million dollars a month. I've never seen anything like it. If someone told me about it, I'd say they were lying. As it is, I have to believe it."

He stopped and took a sip of Coke. Phil was sitting there with his mouth hanging open.

"You are going to need to be adding stock analysts as time progresses. We are going into real estate. If we buy apartments or other rental units, we are going to need to hire managers and maintenance people for them. We will also need a manager to supervise those managers and maintenance people. You are probably going to want a benefits manager when we start getting more people on board. In my department, we're probably going to need someone to work with charitable donations to help with the tax burden. You may need to think about a public relations person at some time. I could go on and on. If we continue to grow at this rate, we are going to be big, very big."

"John, Phil, I am positive we are going to be big. Mike has a gift for selecting stocks that are going to grow. I don't know how he does it, but he hasn't been wrong yet. If you two stick with us, you are going to be very rich men in the next few years. Mike has discovered something that we think is really going to hit big in the next few years."

"Silver," John said.

"Yes, silver."

"Silver is a very stable commodity. The price has been stable for some time. There are minor fluctuations, but even if you knew it was going up, it would be difficult to make much off it."

"That is usually true, John. We believe that within three years, silver is going to be selling for twenty times what it is selling for today. How much do we have invested in silver right now?"

"Just over a million."

"By the beginning of 1979, we want to have five or six million invested in silver. That is non-negotiable."

"So you're saying you think your five or six million is going to be worth a hundred million or more?" John asked skeptically.

"Yes, and we need to start planning for the tax implications of that."

"How soon do you plan to start buying real estate?" Phil asked.

"I'd say within the next couple of weeks," Bonnie told him. "John, do you have any idea how much we have in liquid assets we have right now?"

"Yes, that is something I wanted to talk with you about. You have over three million dollars laying around drawing bank interest rates right now. We need to do something with that to get the rate of return up."

"Well Phil. It looks like you're the man in the hot seat. We need real estate people fast and stock analysts fast," I told him. "This is probably a little more pressure than you're used to."

"Yes, but for what you're paying me, I can handle it."

"Okay, why don't you go somewhere and start making calls Phil. John, you can knock off if you'd like, The rest of us are finished with the cleaning, so I think we'll head on home."

Sharon and I went over to Sammy Stinsen's house right after school. We talked to him for a few minutes then Sharon brought up the reason for our visit.

"Sammy, can you make color copies of color polaroid pictures?"

"Sure. I just take a picture of the picture with my enlarger. I get a negative that way, then I can print as many pictures as I want."

"You're not a friend of Coach Daniels are you?"

"No. I hate the bastard."

"Sammy, we have some pictures of the coach that show him in a very bad light. He was doing something that would get him in a lot of trouble. We feel about him the same way you do, so we are going to let these pictures out to the proper authorities. The problem is, we had him on tape saying some things about us and when we turned the tape over to the police, it was erased. We'd like to make copies of the pictures in case that would happen again, but we can't take them to a photo shop," I told him.

"I'm your man," Sammy said. "If they will sink the coach, I'll make you eight by ten glossies for free."

"We'll pay you premium prices for them Sam, but you should know that if it gets out you made them, Daniels may come after you."

"I'm not worried about that. I'll use the most common type of paper. There's no way they can trace them. I'll crop them so you can't tell they were taken by a polaroid. Can I see the pictures?"

I handed them to him. He looked through the pictures one at a time, studying each of them closely. He was shaken by the time he got to the one of the boy sitting and crying in the locker room.

He looked at me and asked, "Did you take these Mike?"

"Yeah."

"You did a good job of capturing this. You know this is jail time for Daniels don't you?"

"Yes. Does that bother you?"

He laughed. "Not in the least. I hope they throw away the key."

"I'd like at least four sets of these Sam. Eight by tens if they'll blow up clearly. When can you have them done?"

"For these, how about eight o'clock tomorrow night?"

"That would be great Sam. You don't happen to know who the boy is do you?"

"Yeah, that's Jimmy Cryder. He's a friend of my little brother."

"Do you know his father's name?"

"No, but he only lives two blocks over. I'll take you over and introduce you if you'd like."

"Let's do it," I said.

When we got there, Jimmy answered the door. Sammy asked him to come outside for a minute and introduced him to Sharon and I. "Jimmy," I said. "I was in Coach Daniels office when he decided to take a shower with you guys. Have you told your parents about it yet?"

"No, but I'm going too. He had no right to do what he did, then getting a boner on top of it just about scared me to death."

"Yeah, I know what you mean. I think he should be put away for a long time for that."

"I don't have any proof about the boner though. I asked several of the guys who were in there and they didn't see it."

"Well, I saw it Jimmy. I can't be a witness for you though, because I wasn't supposed to be there. I did take pictures though, and I'll give them to you as soon as they are developed. You have to promise me that you'll not mention where you got them or I'll be in trouble."

"Oh I promise. When will you have them?"

"Tomorrow night. I want to stay out of the picture, so I'll just leave an envelope for you at Sammy's place. You can pick them up there on Saturday."

"What do you get out of this?" Jimmy asked.

"Revenge," I said. "The coach is the primary reason I was expelled. I hate the bastard as much as you do. I am going to have a copy of the pictures on Mr. Andrews desk first thing Monday morning. He's a good friend of Daniels, so I'm sure he's going to try to cover it up. I'm also going to have a tape recorder hidden in his office so I can hear what he talks about with Daniels. I hope we're going to sink both of them."

"Okay, I'll ask my Dad not to do anything until Monday afternoon. Will that give you time?"

"That would be perfect Jimmy."

We left him and walked Sammy home. He was enthusiastic and said he'd call if he managed to get the pictures done sooner.

Did I ever tell you I like butts. Big butts, little butts, fat butts, or skinny butts, I like them all. That's what I saw when we got home. Bonnie, Thelma, Missy, Beth, Cindi, and Melanie were putting together dinner. All of them were in the kitchen and the most any of them had on was an apron.

I was standing there, open mouthed when someone noticed and they all started laughing. It took me a few minutes to see the humor of the situation, but when Sharon put her finger under my chin and closed my mouth, I had to join them.

We spent a nice quiet evening at home. I was falling asleep when I realized that Melly should have gone home today. I didn't let it keep me awake though.
Chapter 29 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 28 |   Bottom
Chapter 29
Posted: December 19, 2003 - 10:59:23 am

Friday, November 12, 1976

Wow! Less than two weeks until Thanksgiving. Where the hell had the year gone? I sat with my first cup of coffee thinking back over the last six months. I still couldn't believe all that had happened to me and to those I had come to love.

Missy wandered in and I fixed her a cup of coffee. We snuggled for a while. This was becoming one of my favorite things in life, snuggling with Missy in the mornings. She smiled and kissed me on the nose. <I love it when you start feeling the way you do right now. I can feel your love for me and I can feel the special bond we have. I know you and Sharon have a special bond too, and it doesn't bother me to know that. But what we have is special to us and I never want to lose it.>

<I know what you mean love. Let me ask you something. Don't you feel a special bond to Sharon too? I know she does for you.>

<Yes I do. It isn't exactly what I feel when I'm with you, but it's close. I don't think I could give her up either.>

<You know I love all of you. I lust after all of you. You and Sharon are something special though. Bonnie and Beth are special too, but in a different way. Probably because they are family. I feel so close to you and Sharon that I almost feel we are three parts of a whole.>

<I think that explains it pretty well. When I was younger, before my parents were killed, I dreamed about what life would be like when I got older. I guess all girls dream of finding just the right man and spending their life with him. I know I did. He'd be a businessman. We'd get married young and have two perfect children. I'd work at first to help out, but when we could afford it, I'd quit work to be a full time mother. It sure isn't working out that way.>

<Are you sorry it isn't working that way?>

<No way. I'm sure you can feel that. It's just that if you had told me a year ago I'd be sitting naked on a naked man's lap, loving him with all my heart, I'd have said you were crazy.>

<I know that feeling. If you'd told me a year ago I'd be inhabiting a seventeen year old body and have one of the two most beautiful women in the world sitting on my lap, I'd have said you were nuts too.>

Sharon came wandering in and Missy and I stood up. Sharon came over and we went into a three way hug, forming a triangle. Everyone equal. I intensified the link between us and I could feel Missy doing the same. Sharon caught on to what was going on and we submerged ourselves in each other. It was the most awesome experience of my life. Nothing was said. It didn't have to be.

Finally, I pulled away. I got fresh coffee for all of us, and when I sat back down, I found I had a naked girl on each knee. I looked at each of them and asked, <When we have the business up and running, why don't the three of us take a trip together?>

I could feel the joy from both of them when I asked this. Sharon kissed me gently then said, <I think that would be perfect. I feel it too you know. That special bond between the three of us. If anything happened to either of you, I think I'd die.>

We were still sitting there, still closely linked when the rest of the family started wandering in. I didn't even realize they were there. They left us alone and went about their business until Beth came over and touched me on the shoulder.

<Are you three going to sit there all day?> she asked. <We've been talking to you both orally and mentally for almost an hour and you've ignored us completely.>

<I'm sorry, sister mine. We were communing.>

<I'll say. Even Cindi couldn't pick up what you were thinking. Where were you anyway?>

<I don't think we were thinking, > Sharon told her. <We were just enjoying each other.>

<I'll say, > Missy added.

<So what's everyone up to today?> I asked.

<Bonnie and Thelma are going to take John in to meet our broker and get him signed up so he can make transactions for us. Cindi, Melly and I are going to go pick up office supplies and that kind of thing.>

<Sharon and I have to pick up the pictures of Daniels, but that's not until this evening. I think we're just going to drive around for a while and look at some properties. It may give Missy an idea of what else she needs to study.>

We did eventually get out and drove around looking at places that were advertised in the newspaper, but it was late afternoon before we left the house. Until we did, we did a lot of soul searching. We experimented a little and found we could form a separate link for just the three of us. We felt a little guilty about doing it, but the need to feel close overrode the guilt.

<You know, there are just too many of us to feel the closeness we want, > I said as we snuggled on the sofa. <I've gone from not wanting to share any of you to wanting it to just be the three of us. I feel bad about it, but there's really nothing I can do about how I feel.>

<Mike, you can't say it like that to the others, > Sharon warned me. <That sounds like rejection, and it would definitely hurt them. I know that's not what you mean anyway.>

<No, it's not. I just wish we had found some guy who would fit in with the group though.>

<Oh, you want us to be with some other guy?> Missy teased.

<Not you two, > I said. <I wouldn't mind if the others did though.>

When we left the house, we decided to stop by K-Mart to see if they had any area maps. We were looking through them when I spotted the woman we had seen in Reno and Las Vegas. <Ladies, we have a problem, > I said. <The woman we saw in Nevada is standing over there by the cards.>

Sharon and Missy glanced that way then nodded. <Let's pay for our maps and see if she follows us out. If she does, I want to talk to her.>

We went through the express checkout and were outside within a few minutes. We hadn't much more than gotten through the door when the woman came out and looked toward the Suburban.

I stepped up on one side of her, and Missy moved to her other side.

"Hello there. I'm Mike, but you already know that. I think it's time we had a talk. What do you say?"

The woman looked startled, then she let out a big sigh. "I'm Sheila Sparks. I guess you're right. Can we talk in your truck?"

We went over to the Suburban. Sharon and I got in the front and Sheila and Missy got in the back. "So, why have you been following us Sheila?"

"Right to the point huh? Okay, I'd be worried if I were in your position too. Mike, I know you guys are telepaths. I know because I'm one as well. I've been following you because we wanted to see what you guys were like before we made contact with you."

"Who is the 'we'?"

"I belong to a group of people who have telepathic abilities. Some of us have them all of the time, with others it is only there during times of excitement or stress. We have been considering asking you to join us."

"Why would you want us to join you?" Sharon asked.

"You are a unique group Sharon. There are eight of you. You all have telepathic abilities and you all have them all of the time. That is unheard of. Ninety percent of us only have them sporadically. We are hoping we can learn from you."

"What makes you think we have some kind of secret?" Missy asked her.

"We don't know that you do. I think every one of us in the group has learned something from every one of the others though. We worked for about six months to develop a mind shield. You guys had never even thought of a mind shield, then on the day you felt you needed one, you had one immediately. One better than ours I might add."

"So you get some things from us. What do we get from you?" I asked.

"Like I said, we all learn from each other."

"What is the mix in your group? Is it mostly women, mostly men or what?" Sharon asked.

"About half and half. Your group seems to be unique with only one man, and him a seventeen year old."

"How is your group formed? Is it like a family or like a business or what?" Missy asked.

"Oh nothing like that. We are just a group of friends who have a common interest. A lot of us are married to non-telepaths, some of us are married to other telepaths, and some of us are single."

"Somehow I feel you're holding something back Sheila. This isn't something the three of us are going to decide anyway. Tell us how we can reach you and we'll be in touch."

"How about if two or three of us drop by your house tomorrow afternoon? That will give you time to talk it over with the rest of your group, and I can bring along a couple of people who can answer your questions more fully than I can."

"We can live with that. Let's say one o'clock."

Sheila exited the car and we just sat and looked at each other. <What do you think guys?> I asked.

<Mike, this is scary. Remember talking one time about how telepathy doesn't change who you are? There are too many people in this group. There are bound to be a few bad ones.> Sharon said.

<Obviously they don't know about the blood vessel or they would all have the abilities all of the time. I would be afraid of that in a group that size. I don't think we should tell them about that.> Missy added.

<I knew the three of us would be in agreement, > I told them. <I just hope the rest of our group agrees as well. I think Thelma and Bonnie are getting a little restless. Maybe Beth too. I think they need another man to keep them happy and they may see this as an opportunity to get one.>

We cut our drive short and went back to the house. Thelma and Bonnie were there and we went over what had happened with them.

<What do you think we should do Mike?> Bonnie asked.

<Let me ask you and Thelma something first. I've been getting the feeling that the two of you and maybe Beth are sexually frustrated. Am I right or am I imagining it?>

<Mike I know you do your best, but with six sexually active women, there's just no way you can keep up. It would be nice to have access to another man. Someone we could trust and who could share with us on a mental level.>

<Okay. Thanks for being open about this. If you feel we need to add a man to the group, I'm fine with it. The two young ladies sitting beside me are not part of the package he gets and anyone we decide to add has to agree to that.>

Missy and Sharon both nodded so I went on. <I think we could find someone in this group who would fill the bill. Someone we could love and trust. I don't think we want to give the secret of the blood supply to this group though. There are too many of them and there are bound to be a few bad ones in the group.>

<Oh I think you're right Mike, > Thelma said. <I wouldn't trust any of them unless we deep scanned them first. I wouldn't tell them about the blood vessel even then. It would be too easy for someone to slip up and tell the wrong person.>

<We need to talk with the other three about this, but here's how I see it. We can associate ourselves with this group. We can be friendly with them and possibly learn from them. We must remain shielded at all times though. We can never tell them about the vessel or about fixing and rejuvenating our bodies. Does this make sense?>

They all agreed that it did. <One more thing. If we do find someone we want to ask to join our group, we MUST deep scan him first. We will do it as a group and we'll turn Cindi loose on him. Agreed?>

<Agreed!> from everyone.

We went over everything with Beth, Melanie, and Cindi when they came in. It didn't surprise me they were in complete agreement. All of us worked together to fix dinner and we had more fun than we'd had in a while.

When the time came, Sharon, Missy, and I went over to Sammy's to pick up the pictures. They were fantastic.

"You see how I cropped them to make them look like they were taken with a regular camera?" Sammy asked.

"Yes. This is fantastic Sammy. I know you said you weren't going to charge us for these, but I want to pay for your materials." I handed him two one hundred dollar bills folded up.

"Thank you," Sammy said and slipped them into his pocket without looking at them.

"Would you put one set of these in an envelope and give it to Jimmy when he comes around tomorrow?" I asked.

He smiled and showed me an envelope he already had ready. "If you ever need any more photography work done Mike, just let me know. Especially if it's something as interesting as this."

"We'll do that Sam" I said. We thanked him again and Sharon and Missy both gave him a kiss on the cheek, then we took off for home.

We passed the pictures around to the rest of the family when we got home and everyone was impressed with the quality.

Cindi and I decided to be at school with a set of the pictures and the tape recorder Monday morning when the janitor opened the door. We'd take the pictures into Mr. Andrews office and leave them on his desk. We'd set up the tape recorder, then sit and wait for Andrews to show up.

We did a lot of talking before we went to bed. Bonnie came over and sat on my lap for a while. <Mike you know I love you, don't you?> she asked.

<Of course I do. I love you too Bonnie. I just know that you want and need more than you are getting. I'm not rejecting you or any of the others. I don't want our family to break up and I think that adding another man would help. I'm not saying I don't want to have sex with you or Thelma or Beth, or even Melly. All I'm saying is that I need help.>

<You need help, but you're not willing to have someone else help with Missy or Sharon.>

<That's true, but ask them if they'd want to be with another man.>

<How about it Missy and Sharon. Would you be interested in the services of a studly young man if we can find one?>

<Bonnie, Mike and I are committed for life. I don't want or need another man. Even if Mike and I go a couple of weeks without having sex, I don't feel the need for someone else, > Sharon told her.

<I feel the same way Sharon does. I know that Mike can only marry one of us, but if he could I'd marry him in an instant. Mike, Sharon and I have a very close rapport. It's almost like we're three parts of the same person. Bringing another man into our sex life would not improve it for me, > Missy said.

<Bonnie, we still love you. You can feel that. It's just that we don't feel the need for anyone else in our family, but we know you all do. I don't want to break the family up and I know you don't either, so why can't we add another person, but let the three of us be separate from him as far as sex goes? We will be together in everything else.>

<We can Mike, we were just afraid you three were wanting to be separate from us completely. I still want to make love with all three of you. If we can continue to do that then I have no problem in keeping another man separate from you.>

We went to bed feeling a little bit better. Things weren't just how we wanted them, but they were so we could all live with them.

That night Sharon, Missy and I slept in my old room.
Chapter 30 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 29 |   Bottom
Chapter 30
Posted: December 22, 2003 - 12:08:06 am

Saturday, November 13, 1976

I don't know if I woke Missy and Sharon when I slid out of bed or not, but Missy was in the kitchen before the coffee stopped brewing and Sharon wasn't far behind her. We fixed ourselves a cup when it was finished and I sat down with a beautiful naked girl on each knee. Without saying anything we went into our special deep link. This time I left open a tiny channel to tell me if someone else came into the room.

When Cindi came in later I was immediately aware of it, and made my soul mates aware as well. We came out of it and looked around. <Good morning Cindi, > we chorused.

<Good morning. How long have you guys been up?> Cindi asked.

I looked up at the clock and was shocked to see we'd been sitting here for over an hour. <About an hour, > I said as I picked up my cup of cold coffee.

Sharon giggled and took the cup from me. She took all three of our cups and dumped them in the sink. She fixed us each a new cup and brought them to us.

We didn't say any more at the time, but we all three realized we were going to have to figure out some way to limit the amount of time we were linked, or have some way of doing it while still functioning.

The others wandered in, one by one, and Missy and Sharon volunteered to make pancakes and sausage for everyone. I ended up with Bonnie on my lap, and Cindi sitting on hers. We snuggled and kissed until breakfast was ready, then dug in with gusto.

We all pitched in afterwards to do a little house cleaning, except Beth and Thelma, who decided to make some finger foods for our afternoon meeting. It didn't take long to do the cleaning, and we all felt close as we worked together.

The doorbell rang at precisely 1:00 PM. I went to the door and met Sheila. She had two other women and one man with her. I took them in to the living room and introduced them to everyone.

The other two women besides Sheila Sparks were Elsie Matthews and Elizabeth (call me Liz) Dunfee. The guy was Andy Adkins. We talked for a while about the weather and the like while Sharon and Beth brought in drinks for everyone.

After everyone was settled Sheila asked, "Have you guys thought about what we were talking about yesterday?"

"Yes," Bonnie told her. "We talked about it last night and again today. We would like to meet you all, but we're not sure how involved we want to get."

"To be honest with you," Liz said, which had always made me wonder about the veracity of the speaker. "There isn't a lot to get involved with. We're a very informal group and don't have meetings as such. Groups of us do get together for dinner or something once in a while and we talk about things."

"How many people are in your group?"

"It's a little hard to say," Sheila answered. "People join and people leave. At any one time there are around two hundred. Only twenty or so are active, meaning they come to dinner once in a while, or answer questionaires we send out."

"Do you have a membership list and is there anything special we'd need to do if we wanted to join?" Bonnie asked.

"We do have a membership list," Andy spoke for the first time after the introductions. "It is probably a little behind because people don't always tell us when they are moving out of the area. No, there is nothing special you would need to do to join. We don't even require that you prove you have any telepathic abilities. I guess you could say we're more of a support group than anything else."

"One of our main problems with joining a group like yours is that we don't want our names on any kind of membership list. We run an investment company. We do not use any telepathic abilities in deciding which stock to buy on what real estate to invest in. If it came out that we have telepathic abilities, it would make our job a lot harder, because people wouldn't believe us."

"Bonnie, we just want a chance to learn from you. We're having a party this Friday at the home of one of the members. Would you guys consider coming to the party and meeting a few people? We might ask you a few questions, but you could always refuse to answer. It would give you a chance to get to know us better." Sheila asked.

Bonnie looked at me and I nodded. "I think that at least part of us could come."

They gave us a time and place for the party and were soon on their way.

We discussed the group for a while. All of us were in agreement that it wasn't something we were going to get involved with, but we did want to meet some of the people.

<It's not as bad as I was afraid it would be, > I told them. <This is more like a group formed by people who have seen flying saucers. Most people wouldn't believe there was anything to it.>

<I know what you mean, > Bonnie said. <Still, there were a lot of questions I'd have liked to ask, but I was afraid I'd give something away if I asked.>

<Yeah. I was feeling the same way. If we go to the party, we can let them ask questions. That may tell us a lot more about what they can and can't do than if we questioned them.>

There was something about the people we'd met that bothered me. I think it was Sheila more than anything else. I didn't trust her. Andy seemed okay, maybe a little ingenuous, but honest. Liz seemed pushy, but I think it was more of a personality trait than that she was trying to push us into something.

<Bonnie, did you notice that they didn't say one thing that would indicate they could read anything but surface thoughts? It seemed a little strange to me. They also didn't mention anything about controlling their bodies. Could it be they aren't aware of these things?>

<Did you guys see how their shield works?> Cindi asked.

<I wasn't paying any attention, > I told her. <I didn't really try to look since I knew they have a shield.>

<It's not really a shield, > Cindi told us. <They kept slipping up and I kept picking up thoughts. What they do is try to clear their minds of surface thoughts. They've worked out a pretty good way to do it and it works most of the time.>

<Interesting. Did you try a deep probe on any of them?>

<No Mike. I wasn't sure you'd want me to.> Cindi looked like she thought she'd done something wrong.

<That's okay Sweety. We should have told you up front what was allowed and what wasn't. When we go to the party next Friday I want you there so you can do some things like that for us.>

Cindi brightened considerably and came over to sit on my lap. Sharon kissed her on the forehead and wrapped an arm around her as well.

Sunday, November 14, 1976

You know, this getting up early could get old if it wasn't for Missy and now Sharon. We decided to work on learning how to function while we were closely linked. We dedicated about 10% of our brain to normal functions while remaining linked with the other 90%. It wasn't a complete rapport like we had been experiencing, but it was pretty damned awesome.

Bonnie and Thelma had appointments to interview the secretary and the receptionist that Jeff had recommended in the afternoon. Evidently John was going to be interviewing the accountant. The rest of us were free for the day, so we mostly just relaxed. We did do a little running after lunch, and some of us worked out on the weights.

That evening, Missy and I made love while in deep rapport with each other and with Sharon. At least we started to. I was licking and sucking on Missy's clit when she started to orgasm. I was feeling her pleasure and she was feeling me feeling her pleasure and we were both feeling Sharon who was feeling mine and Missy's pleasure and we were feeling Sharon's. The feedback loop was too tight and we all three passed out from a sensory overload. Damn, it was the most awesome thing I had ever felt. We were going to have to work on that.

Monday, November 15, 1976

<Are you scared Cindi?> I asked as we drove into school on Monday morning.

<Maybe just a little Mike. I know I don't always seem like it, but I'm just a little girl.>

I would have cracked up, but I knew it would hurt and offend her. <I know Sweetheart. If it's too much for you, I can have Missy or Sharon help me.>

<No, I want to do it. If I get scared will you hold my hand?>

<I sure will love. I hope you know I love you Cindi.>

<I know Mike. Thanks.>

We entered the school building nearly an hour before classes were due to start. Thelma had told us that Andrews usually got in about half an hour before class, so we had plenty of time to get in his office and set up.

<Cindi, I'm going to be busy running the recorder and keeping out of Andrews and Daniels' way. I want you to sit in the chairs right there unless someone starts to sit on you. Monitor Andrews and Daniels. If they start thinking anything strange, let me know.>

<Okay Mike. Be sure to concentrate on your invisibility. I wouldn't want them to be able to see you in the middle of this. I'll help with keeping the recorder invisible to everyone but you.>

We got the recorder in a good place to pick up everything that was said in the room, then took our places. Cindi laid the envelope containing the pictures on Andrews' chair. She had written "Open Immediately" across the front in crayon.

It seemed like forever before Andrews showed up, but it probably wasn't more than twenty minutes. Cindi warned me he was coming, and I turned on the recorder just before he opened the door of his office. He took off his jacket and hung it on a coatrack behind the door then walked over to his desk.

He saw the envelope immediately and picked it up, his brow knitted into a frown. The frown turned into a look of panic when he slid the pictures out of the envelope. He shuffled through them slowly, then reached for his phone.

He dialed a number, waited, then cursed. He hung up and dialed another number. "Is Coach Daniels in there?" Pause. "Okay. Put him on please." Pause. "Frank, get your ass down here now! You're in big trouble now... No, I'll tell you when you get here." He slammed the phone down like he was trying to break it.

Daniels was there inside two minutes. Cindi warned me when he was approaching the door. He came into the room and asked, "So what's this all about Art?"

Andrews shoved the pictures over to him. He looked at the first one and said, "Shit!"

"Shit is right Frank. That's what you're in. Why the hell were you in the boys' shower anyway?"

"I got all sweaty in phys-ed class. I didn't think it would hurt anything," Daniels almost whined.

"You didn't think alright. Why didn't you use the faculty shower?"

"I don't know Art. It just seemed like a good idea at the time."

"What are we going to do about this Frank?"

"I don't know. You haven't heard anything else about it have you?"

"No, but if someone left these pictures here they did it for a reason. I don't know if I can cover for you on this Frank. I protected you on that thing with Richards and the Green kid, but I called in a really big favor when I got Sergeant Slavens to erase that tape."

"I know Art, but work with me on this. I'll work something out. Just keep it hidden and don't over react."

"I'm not over reacting Frank. Jesus Christ man can't you keep it in your pants? After seeing this kid naked, I'd love to plow his tight little ass myself, but I'd never endanger my career by doing something like you did."

"I'll talk to the kid this afternoon Art. He's probably too embarrassed to tell his parents anyway. You just try to find out who took the pictures."

Daniels got up and left the room. Andrews shook his head then put the pictures back into an envelope and put it in his desk drawer. He was muttering to himself about coffee as he left his office.

I turned the tape recorder off and got it out of the room. Cindi and I exited the building and took off for home.

Bonnie and Thelma were gone when we got there. They were signing on our new offices. The rest of the family was waiting for us. We went through the story of what we had done and played the tape for them. Later we had to do the same thing for Bonnie and Thelma.

We made four copies of the tape that afternoon. We wiped them clean of fingerprints and placed each of them in an envelope. About half an hour after school let out for the day, Sharon, Missy and I went over to see Jimmy Cryder.

He was outside when we came up the walk. "Hi Jimmy. How'd it go today?" I asked.

"I don't know Mike. My parents and I went in to see Mr. Andrews. He said he was surprised by the accusations and that he'd look into it. Dad showed him the pictures and he acted shocked. He asked if he could keep them so he could confront Coach Daniels with them and Dad let him."

"Is your Dad here now Jimmy?"

"Yeah, he and Mom stayed home the rest of the day."

"Would you tell him we'd like to talk to him about this?"

"Sure," he said as he ran into the house.

In a few minutes a larger, older version of Jimmy Cryder came to the door and asked us in. "I'm Max Cryder," he said in a gruff voice as he shook my hand.

We introduced ourselves and I said, "Mr. Cryder, we are the ones who furnished the pictures of what happened in the shower room to Jimmy."

"He wouldn't say who gave them to him, so I was wondering. Do you have something against Daniels?"

"Yes I do," I said, then I explained everything that had happened to me and Thelma. "Mr. Andrews was in it too. He arranged for a friend of his in the police department to have the tape I gave them erased."

"Shit! I let Andrews keep the pictures this afternoon."

"Not a problem," I told him. "We have other copies. I'll get you a set from the car right now. Do you have a tape recorder?"

He assured me they did, so I brought in a copy of the tape as well. "Mr. Cryder, we left a set of pictures on Andrews desk this morning. We also left a tape recorder under his desk to record what went on when he saw the pictures. This tape is a recording of the conversation he had with Daniels."

I queued up the tape and started it. Mrs. Cryder had come into the room while I was talking to her husband, and she sat down to listen to the tape. I thought Mr. Cryder was going to have a heart attack when Andrews made the remark about plowing Jimmy's tight little ass. Both parents were angry, and with good reason.

"This is too much," Mr. Cryder said in a quiet voice. "I'm going to kill the bastards."

Mrs. Cryder took his hand and said, "No you're not. We're going to do this the right way. We know we can't go to the police, but you know that my brother-in-law is an assistant district attorney. He'll be able to get something done."

Mr. Cryder reluctantly agreed. I explained to them we'd rather be anonymous, but that if I needed to I would testify.

Now all we had to do was sit back and wait for something to happen.

Friday, November 19, 1976

The week went quickly. We were all busy with the business. We hired a secretary, a receptionist, and two accountants that week (neither accountant was the one John interviewed on Sunday). We also signed up with a janitorial service and had the phones, electric and gas hooked up.

Jimmy Cryder called us Thursday evening to tell us that an announcement had been made at school that Mr. Andrews was taking a leave of absence and would be out for the rest of the school year. Coach Daniels had resigned on Wednesday.

Missy, Sharon and I had practiced our rapport all week. We were getting to the point where we could be in full rapport and still carry on a conversation with other people and function normally. It was almost like we were becoming one person.

Tonight was the night of the party. We had discussed it all week, trying to decide which ones of us were going to go. We finally decided we all would. I wanted to be there and I wanted Missy or Sharon one to be there to be the eyes in the back of my head. We all wanted Cindi there because of her special talents. Bonnie needed to be there, and she wanted Thelma as her backup. That would have only left three of us at home, so we decided the extra eyes would be of more advantage to us than would a smaller group.

Sheila met us at the door with a big smile. She took us around and introduced us to at least twenty people who were there ahead of us. Cindi was a little nervous, so I held her hand the whole time and Missy held her other one.

<Mike these people don't think like we do, > Cindi told me. <Only two or three of them are receiving anything and none of them are projecting anything.>

<Yeah, I know. I picked up on that too Cindi. None of them seem to be using their shields either.>

We walked around talking with this one then another. Cindi kept making snide comments about each of them. I noticed that Sheila kept looking at us, and finally she came over. "Mike, I know you aren't familiar with us, but we don't consider it polite if you keep your shield up while you're with the group," she said.

"I'm sorry Sheila. I guess we'll just have to leave then. We never let down our shield unless we feel perfectly safe, and we don't know the people here. I don't want to be rude though, so I'll just gather the rest of us up and we'll be on our way."

"No!" she said, grabbing my arm. "I'm sorry. Please don't leave. Go ahead and keep your shield. Maybe next time you'll feel comfortable enough to relax with us."

I smiled and said, "Thank you Sheila. We're just a little shy."

<Cindi, scan her please. Deep scan.>

"That's okay Mike. I see someone else I'd like to introduce you to. He must have just come in."

<Mike she's got a plan. I don't think many people know about it, but she plans to have you impregnate at least a dozen women in this group. She's going to try to talk you into it first, but if that doesn't work, she plans to kidnap you.>

<Thanks Cindi. See if you can find out which other people here are in on it.>

<Did the rest of you catch that guys?>

All of our family assured me they had.

By now, we were coming up behind a young man who was talking with an older lady. When Sheila tapped him on the shoulder he turned around and I almost lost it. I knew him. He was my nephew.

Sharon and Missy immediately knew something was wrong, and Sharon came up beside me and slipped her arm around my waist. Sheila introduced him as Ken Halbertson. We made the appropriate polite remarks and then I said, "Ken, I think I knew your uncle George. He lives in Georgia right?"

"Yes, how do you know George?"

<People, this guy is my nephew. Come over one at a time and meet him.>

"We were in Georgia last year on vacation. I saw this guy out flying a model airplane and went over to talk with him. He seemed like a really nice guy and he said his name was George Halbertson."

"That's George alright. He really likes his model planes. This is quite a coincidence. You meet my uncle in Georgia and me in California."

Ken was just the way I remembered him. I knew what happened to him, and I was determined to do something about it. He died in the summer of 1977.

Bonnie came up and I introduced her to Ken. They started talking and I could see he was immediately smitten with my beautiful mother.

<Bonnie, this guy is my older brother Hal's son. He gets killed in a boating accident in the summer of 1977.>

<Not if I can help it, > She answered.

We left them talking, and I saw Thelma heading their way. <Cindi, please do a deep scan on my nephew. See if he is involved in any of the plots Sheila or anyone else might have cooked up.>

<Already did Mike. He isn't involved in anything. He just broke up with his girlfriend and was feeling lonely. He doesn't usually come to these parties, but he needed company tonight. He's an intermittent telepath, sort of like you were.>

<Thanks Cindi. You're sure he's okay?>

<Positive.>

<Tell Bonnie what you just told me please.>

<Okay I told her.> <mental giggle> <He's thinking about Bonnie's tits. He thinks they're the most beautiful things he's ever seen.>

<Enough Cindi. Leave the poor guy a little privacy.>

<Another mental giggle>

<Ciiinnndddiii.>

<Oh all right. He's just so funny Mike. He's horny.>

<Leave him be Cindi. You can have lots of fun with him if Bonnie decides to keep him.>

<Several mental giggles>

<I heard that Mike. He is kind of cute though, > Bonnie said.

Ken pretty much followed Bonnie and Thelma around the rest of the time we were at the party. After we'd been there a couple of hours, I went over to Bonnie and suggested we leave. "We could go out and pick up a bite to eat if anyone is interested," I said.

"That'd be nice. Ken would you be interested in picking up a late dinner with us?" Bonnie asked him.

You could see his chest swell up before he said, "Sure, Bonnie. I was wondering how I could get you away from these geeks."

"Well, we'll still have my geeks," she laughed. "They're not too bad if you get used to them though."

We ended up going to a Denny's. I couldn't think of anywhere else that would take a group of nine at this time of the evening. They were very helpful, pushing three tables together to accommodate us, and the food wasn't bad.

When we were all seated I asked, "Ken, there's one thing about the party that bothers me. This is a group of telepaths. Why didn't even one person mention telepathy?"

"This is a little embarrassing Mike. Everyone at the party was instructed by Sheila not to mention telepathy. We were told that if any of you mentioned it we were to try to get any information we could out of you."

"I thought there might be something like that going on. Are you an active member of the group Ken? Do you have telepathic abilities?"

"Yes and no," Ken smiled. "Sometimes I get a flash of what someone is thinking. At other times I get a sense of the emotion someone is feeling. Most of the time I get nothing."

"Are there people in your group who have the abilities at all times?"

"I'm told there are. Sheila claims to have them at all times."

"Are there people in the group who can do more than just read surface thoughts and emotions?"

"You mean like motives and things like that?"

"Yes, and to be able to read someone's memories even if that person isn't thinking about those memories."

"I've never heard of that Mike."

"When you are able to read someone's thoughts, how do you feel about it?"

"Well, I always feel a little guilty, like I'm invading someone's privacy. I've never used anything I've heard like that against anyone."

<Is he telling the truth Cindi?>

<Yep.>

<Bonnie, what do you think of him?>

<He's a handsome young man Mike. He's also very personable. I like him.>

"What do you do for a living Ken?"

"I'm an analyst. I analyze companies my firm is interested in investing in. I enjoy the work, but hate the company I work for. I've been with them four years now and the top person in my department. I haven't gotten a single raise in all that time."

"We've just started a company and we are needing people like you. We're primarily investing in real estate and in the stock market. Would you be interested in working for us?"

"I don't know Mike. How big is the company, what salary, what would my position be? There are a lot of questions I'd need answered."

"Fair enough. I understand we have around eleven million in assets right now. There are less than ten employees at this time but we're just getting started. Your position would be the same as you have now and your duties would be the same. Your salary would be whatever you're making now plus twenty percent."

"That sounds wonderful, but please don't take offense. You're only seventeen years old. Are you authorized to make such an offer?"

"Yes he is Ken. I'm thirty-six and I'm CEO of MBBS. I'll make you the same offer, but one thing you have to realize, if you take the offer, you will be working for each and every one of us at this table. We own the company jointly."

"I'm sorry Bonnie. I didn't mean to offend anyone. It really does sound like an interesting position. I've always wanted to be involved in a startup company. There are so many chances for advancement and so many opportunities to get your own ideas implemented. If the offer is still open, I'd like very much to take the job."

"When could you start Ken?" I asked.

"Really about any time you want me to," he said. "I just started a two week vacation today. I can drop my resignation off Monday and I wouldn't even have to go back except to clean out my desk."

"Did you have anything planned for your vacation?" Bonnie asked.

"Well. I was going to go home for a week, then come back here and get some personal things done. I don't have to do any of that though."

"I think you should go home," I told him. "Family is very important."

"Yeah, I miss them. I miss Dad and Mom a lot, but I miss my Uncle George more. We were always very close."
Chapter 31 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 30 |   Bottom
Chapter 31
Posted: December 23, 2003 - 04:31:24 pm

When we got home, Ken was the main topic of conversation. Everyone wanted to know about him, so I gave them a little background.

<My brother, Hal, was sixteen years older than me. I never remember him as anything but an adult. Ken is just five years younger than George is at this time. When I was a kid, Ken followed me around like a puppy dog. I know now it was a serious case of hero worship.>

<That's cute, > Beth said.

<It could get frustrating at times. Especially after I got to the age where I was interested in girls. He screwed up several early sexual encounters or what would have been encounters if he hadn't found us and came in at most inopportune times.>

Thelma giggled. <I had a kid sister who did the same to me. I loved her anyway, but I wanted to kill her at times.>

<Yep. I know that feeling. I tried to explain to Ken why I didn't want him to show up at times, but the five year age difference didn't let me get it across. I never let him know how frustrated he made me at times. I taught him everything I knew, right up to the time I went away to college. I never really saw much of him after that.>

<You said he dies next year, > Bonnie said. <What happened?>

<Evidently he went fishing in the ocean. He was in a small boat, by himself. The boat drifted ashore, but he was never seen again. I missed him. Something went out of my life when he died. He had gotten an MBA and was working for a company here in the bay area. From the letters I got he was doing well. It was such a waste.>

Sharon squeezed my hand and laid her head on my shoulder. I sat there cuddled between Missy and Sharon for a long time.

<You know Mike, he doesn't have to die, > Bonnie said. <Maybe we can figure out a way to make him disappear and still keep him alive.>

<I was thinking of that Bonnie. We have some time. We can think about it.>

<I hope we can do something, > Thelma said. <I really liked him Mike. I liked the way he was so open and honest about that group. He didn't try to pull anything over on us and he answered our questions honestly. Besides that, he's cute as hell.>

Bonnie laughed. <He is cute, handsome actually. He could get my juices flowing easily. What did you think of him Beth?>

<I think he's a stud muffin. Would it bother you if I had a fling with him Mike?>

<No Beth, it wouldn't bother me. I love you and I love Ken. If he could make you happy then I'm all for it.>

<Beth, you are so unladylike, > Thelma said. <I have to agree with you though. He is something special.>

<I'm new here, and still a blushing virgin, > Melly said, <but he gets my motor running as well. Did you see the way the muscles in his back ripple when he moves. Awesome.>

<Mike, I don't know how the rest of you feel, but I think we should invite him into the family, > Bonnie said. <He's really the perfect candidate. You love him and we are all turned on by him.>

<Goody, > Sharon chimed in on our private link. <That means Missy and I get you more often Mike.>

I smiled, but didn't say anything. <I love you Mike, > Missy said, also on our private link. <This really would work out better.>

<I agree sweet ladies, now cool it.>

<I think you may be right Bonnie, > I told her. <Missy and Sharon both told me earlier they wouldn't mind, so it's really up to the four of you and Cindi.>

<I think he's cute, > Cindi said. <I say invite him in.>

The rest of the women agreed and we all went to bed to dream our own dreams.

Saturday, November 20, 1976

I'll have to admit it. I was getting a little tired of having people dismiss me because my body is so young. Cindi had said something a few days ago that had me thinking. She had said the younger ones of us could have our bodies age to the point we wanted them to be, then arrest aging at that point.

I didn't want Cindi to do it because she had ties to her father, but Missy, Sharon, and I had no ties to anyone except family members. When my soul mates came down for coffee I brought it up to them.

After we had cuddled for a while and finished our first cup of coffee I said, <Lovers, I have something I want to talk to you about.>

Both of them just looked at me so I went on. <I'm tired of people looking at me as if I'm a second class citizen because My body is young. What happened with Ken last night is a perfect example.>

Both of them nodded.

<I'm going to see what would happen if I tell my body to change to what it would be in a year. There shouldn't be any problems, because I can always tell it to change back.>

<I've been thinking of that too Mike. I'm the youngest of the bunch, except for Cindi and I don't like it, > Sharon agreed.

Missy nodded and said, <I've been thinking about it since Cindi mentioned it.>

<Let's do this one at a time, > I said. <That way, if there is a problem, the other two can help the one who changed get back.>

Both of them agreed, then Sharon said, <I remember Bonnie talking about how hungry she got when she did her body change. I think you should eat something first, because your body is going to be growing.>

I had to agree, so my lovely ladies fixed me a big plate of sausage and eggs. I ate more then I wanted, but I figured there were going to be some major changes so I would need the fuel.

We went into the living room and I relaxed on the sofa. Missy and Sharon both sat on the floor and held on to me.

<I'm just going to do one year at a time, > I told them. <I have no idea how much more I'll grow, and I don't want to push it.>

They both agreed, so I told my body, <I want to mature to the point I will be when I'm eighteen. I want to be in perfect health and great physical condition.>

I could feel the changes starting immediately. God! What a weird feeling. I closed my eyes and just let it happen. I could actually feel myself growing. I could feel minor changes in my face. It took nearly half an hour before I didn't feel anything else happening.

Finally I looked over at my lovers and asked, <How do I look?>

They giggled. <Just like a man, > Sharon laughed. <Always worried about his looks. You look fantastic Mike.>

<You've grown and I can see some differences in your face, > Missy added.

They helped me up and I went into the down stairs bathroom to check myself out in the full length mirror there. There was an amazing amount of difference for one year of aging. I was taller and my muscles felt great, but my face was still young. The girls measured me and I had grown an inch. I was now six feet tall.

<Girls, I'm hungry again. I need food. I think this is enough of a change for one day, so I'm not going to do any more.>

They fixed me another large breakfast and I was just polishing it off when Bonnie came in. She got herself a cup of coffee, looked at me, then did a double take.

<Mike, what happened to you? I'll swear you've grown over night.>

The three of us cracked up. <No Bonnie, he grew this morning, > Sharon told her.

We went on to fill her in on what I had done. <You know Mike, I don't know if I'd have had the guts to try it, > Bonnie told me. <With me, I was going back to something I already knew about. You were going into the unknown.>

The rest of the family had much the same reaction as they came in and we had to repeat the story for each of them. I told them about the extreme hunger and Thelma came up with a solution.

<You know there are drinks you can buy for helping people put on weight. I'll bet they would help with this too, > she said.

<You know, I never thought of that, > Bonnie said. <I'll bet it would work though. I've seen it at the health food store down in the mall.>

Sharon, Missy and I decided to visit the health food store, so we got dressed. At least Missy and Sharon got dressed. None of my shirts or slacks fit. I was wondering what to do when Bonnie helped out.

She threw me an extra large sweat shirt and a pair of sweat pants. <These belonged to your Dad. You're going to have to buy all new clothes when you get where you want to be.>

The lady at the health food store was very helpful. We told her we were looking for a drink that would help someone put on weight. She told us she had just the thing.

"This stuff is great," she told us. "It supplies all of the vitamins and minerals your body needs. We have a lot of body builders and weight lifters who are trying to increase their body mass. They swear by it."

"How much of it do you have in stock?" I asked.

"We usually have five or six cases of it in stock," she said.

"Okay. We'll take all you have."

"You must have a very skinny friend," she laughed.

"No, we just have a lot of people who want to try it." I lied.

I drank two cans of it while we were still in the parking lot, and I must admit I felt a lot better.

When we got home, Sharon said she wanted to go next. I told her to drink as much of the supplement as she could hold first. When she finished her third can she said, <Now I've got to pee.> She jumped up and ran to the bathroom.

She came back into the living room where the whole family was gathered. She lifted up her beautiful breasts and said, <I sure hope my tits don't grow any more. They're too big now.>

<Sweety, you could probably reduce the size if you wanted, but I happen to love your humongous hooters.>

We all got a laugh, but then Sharon got serious. <Mike, I know you like the size of my boobs, but they really are a problem. Would you mind if I reduced them a little bit?>

<Sharon, I love YOU. I don't care what size your tits are.>

<I won't take them down a lot Mike. Maybe a 'C' cup?>

<That sounds perfect love.>

Sharon laid down on the couch and proceeded to give her body the commands to make the change. The girls were right. It was wierd watching her face and body change. She didn't appear to grow any in height, but her hips filled out more. Her buttocks became more rounded, and her tits shrank.

Missy and I watched in awe. Sharon's face was definitely more mature when the changes stopped. I was amazed it changed so much with just a one year change and I told her so.

Sharon giggled as she sat up and opened another can of the supplement. <I cheated Mike. I didn't think I'd grow much, so I made a bigger change. I'm now a year older than you.>

<You know, you are still absolutely gorgeous, and I still love your tits.>

I held her lovely breasts, one in each hand and massaged her nipples with my thumbs. Her nipples erected immediately and she smiled when I leaned over and kissed each of them in turn.

Missy decided she was next and went through the same procedure as Sharon. Before she did, she asked me on our private link if I'd like for her to change the shape of her breasts. <I've always been a little embarrassed that my areolas puff out so much. I know you say you like that, but are you just saying that?>

<Read me my love as I look at your breasts.>

<Oh my Mike. I won't change them. I love you.>

<I love you too Sweetheart.>

When all of the changes were complete, Missy grabbed another can of supplement as well. I really couldn't see a lot of changes in Missy except the maturity of her face and slightly larger breasts and butt.

<What age did you shoot for?> I asked.

<I went along with Sharon. I'm nineteen also.>

<And a lovely age it is for you, > I said.

I asked the group if anyone else was going to do it, and Beth said she wanted to wait a few weeks before she did anything. I explained to Cindi and Melly that since they had close ties outside the family they shouldn't do anything yet either.

I decided to wait until tomorrow before I made any further changes, so we put the supplement away and just enjoyed the rest of the day.

Sunday, November 21, 1976

Missy, Sharon and I were in our little link on Sunday morning and enjoying it thoroughly. The best way I can describe it is to say we commune mentally, physically, and emotionally. I was a little surprised when Sharon started a conversation.

<Mike, we need to talk about Cindi, > she told me.

<Okay, what has our little darling done this time?>

Sharon giggled. Have you ever shared a giggle? It's kind of like a spontaneous outpouring of happiness. <Nothing. She's been a pretty good girl for a while now. No, what we need to talk about is what is going to happen to her if we add Ken to the group.>

<I'm not sure I understand, > I said. <She's too young for sex, so I don't see anything happening to her.>

<I know you don't want to think about this Mike, but I see two sub groups forming inside the main group. The three of us, and the ones who will be joining with Ken.>

<Okay. I haven't wanted to talk about it, but I think you're right. What does that have to do with Cindi?>

<The other group is going to be all about sex for a while. Bonnie, Thelma, Beth and Melly are all going to be wanting to try Ken out and they are going to be talking about that a lot. That leaves Cindi out in the cold.>

<What do you suggest we do?>

<Mike, I think she belongs with us, > Sharon said.

<I agree, > Missy concurred.

<But she's so young... >

Sharon didn't let me finish. <Yes she is Mike, and she needs protected. I don't think you realize it Mike, but Cindi is madly in love with you. It's not your little girl, puppy love, kind of love either. It's a big girl, lay me down and give me a baby, kind of love. If you told her to go out and stand in front of an oncoming train, she'd do it without question, just because you wanted it.>

I sighed. <I know that. It's really hard on me. I have to protect her from me and from herself. You know, I just don't think of her age and her immature body. I think about her intelligence and her quick wit and her personality and her playfulness. If it wasn't for her age I would have suggested her for part of our sub group myself.>

<Just think Mike. If she is part of us, we will all protect her. We all love her now, and if she were part of our link we could share that love with her without having to resort to physical sex.>

<Okay. I see your point. Do you think she'd want to be part of our group and part of our link?>

<Sweetheart, if we don't include her, I think her heart will be broken. She needs us and I think we need her.>

<Okay, let's quietly ask her then. Maybe we'll get lucky and she'll come down first.>

<I don't think you'll have to worry about that, > Sharon laughed. <Cindi, you can come in now Honey.>

Cindi came bouncing into the room with a cat that ate the canary smile on her face. <Did you want me for something Sharon?> she asked as if she didn't know what was going on.

I cracked up. <Come here you little Minx, > I said as I opened my arms to her. She was in my arms in a heartbeat. I kissed her and rubbed her back then asked, <You knew all about our private link, didn't you?>

<Yeah Mike. You're not mad at me are you?>

<No I'm not mad at you darling. I love you too much to stay mad at you if I was. Do you want to be part of our link love?>

<More than anything in the world Mike, > she said with a tear running down her cheek. <I love you three with all my heart and I was afraid you didn't love me any more because you weren't sharing it with me.>

We opened our link to her and showed her how much we cared for her. It was an amazing experience. Cindi seems to be able to think on at least three levels at a time. I don't know how she does it or how she integrates her thoughts. She is an amazing young lady.

I started to tell my body to add another year to my maturity, then I had a brain storm. What I told my body was this, <Over the next seven days I want my body to age and mature to the way I will be when I am twenty-two years old. I want the change to occur evenly over this time period and at the end I want to be in perfect health and in great physical condition.>

I really didn't feel anything happening, but I knew it was. I selected 22 because I figured I would be fully grown, but I would not have lost any of my sex drive. It turned out to be a good choice.

Every time I felt the slightest hunger during that week, I would drink another can of the supplement. The supplement along with three good meals each day kept me in fine shape.

Missy and Sharon both decided that twenty-one was the age they'd shoot for, and instructed their bodies accordingly. It was an interesting week. Missy and Sharon didn't change a lot for the nineteen year olds they were today to the twenty-one year olds they would be the following Sunday. I changed the most, putting on body mass and height (another inch).

When we had started the changes, we went to remind Bonnie that Thursday was Thanksgiving. She told us she already had a menu planned, and since we had brought it up, we could do the grocery shopping for her. <Gee Mom, do I haf'ta?> I asked. <Yes little boy. Now get out of here or I'll spank your butt.> she laughed.

Sharon, Missy, Cindi and I went grocery shopping. For the most part, we remained closely linked while shopping. Cindi is a joy to shop with. Ninety-five percent of the time she acts like a young adult. The other five percent she is pure nine year old. She would intelligently discuss the merits of one turkey over another then ask for a candy bar. One minute Cindi would be walking down an aisle like a lady, and the next she's skipping and trying to stay off the cracks.

When we finished with the groceries, we agreed to Cindi's request that we go to the Ice Creme Shoppe for a cone before we went home. We were sitting there enjoying each other when Cindi suddenly looked scared. <Mike that guy is a telepath. He just tried to get through my shield.>

I looked around and saw the man she was talking about. <See if you can find out who he is and what he wants, > I told Cindi.

She sat there for a minute then said, <He is a friend of Sheila. He was told to just keep an eye on us, but he's pretty proud of himself and thinks he can read us.>

<Does he know you read him?>

Cindi rolled her eyes at me and said, <Give me a break Mike. Of course he doesn't know. I'm better than that.>

Sharon, Missy and I cracked up. <Little Miss Ego, > I said.

I pulled Cindi over to me and hugged her. <The reason I asked you to do it is I know you're good. I sometimes leave tracks. You don't.>

She had a million watt smile when I let her go.

<What do you say we screw with this guy's mind?> I asked.

All three girls thought this was a great idea.

<Let's start walking. We'll go five or six blocks, then when we're in a place where we know we can't be seen by anyone, we disappear. While he's looking for us, we go back to the car and get out of here.>

We were about four blocks down the street when I saw an alley on our right. <How far behind us is he Cindi?>

<About half a block.>

<When we get to the alley ahead, step around the corner quickly. If there isn't anyone around, we'll disappear and go on down the alley to the next street.>

We turned into the alley and couldn't see anyone looking, so we disappeared. We started running and were over half way to the other end when we saw the guy turn the corner. We continued on to the end, watching him look behind things and try doors as he followed.

We turned back toward the car, but stared invisible until I was sure he had lost us. We found another clear spot, and allowed ourselves to be seen.

We got the group together when we got home and told them about Sheila's friend.

<Mike, this isn't right, > Thelma said. <We haven't done anything wrong and we're not going to, but I don't want to be followed around.>

<Neither do I Love. We're going to have to do something about this, but for the life of me I don't know what. We should wait until Ken gets back and tell him what's going on. Maybe he'll have some suggestions.>

<Mike that guy has driven by the house twice since we've been talking, > Cindi told me. <He's tried to break through our shield both times.>

<This is too much!> Bonnie said. <Let's zap the bastard.>

<What do you mean?> I asked.

<The next time he goes by let us know when he's getting close Cindi. When I raise my hand, we'll all mentally shout at him, 'Leave us alone'.>

Cindi giggled. <That sounds like fun.>

We all waited. Cindi said, <He's coming again... He's about a block away... He's almost even with our drive... >

Bonnie raised her hand. <LEAVE US ALONE!> we all shouted mentally, directed at him.

We heard tires scream, then a loud crash. "Oh shit!" I said as I ran for the door. <Someone call the police.>

I ran outside and saw the guy had run into a tree across the road from us. I scanned him and found he was okay. I stopped and watched as he stumbled out of his car. He dazedly walked out into the street, then came to himself enough to get out of the way of any traffic that might come by.

I watched him until I heard the police sirens approaching, then went back into the house. <Guys, we've got to be careful what we do. He's okay, but he really did a number on his car. If he'd been going much faster we could have killed him.>

<It wouldn't have been much of a loss, > Cindi informed us. <I did some deep probing while he was confused after the accident. He's one of the people we said we'd never want to have full powers.>

<What do you mean Sweetheart?> Bonnie asked.

<He has telepathy all of the time, but only to the point of reading surface thoughts. He's used stuff he's picked up from peoples' thoughts to do a couple of robberies. If he could do what we can do, he'd be using those powers to do bad things too.>

<If he is a full time telepath, he must be very close to being able to do everything we do, > I said. <We sure don't want him finding out about the increased blood supply.>

<What are we going to do about him?> Beth asked.

<I don't know, sweet sister mine, but we'll have to do something before long. That's something we should all be thinking about.>
Chapter 32 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 31 |   Bottom
Chapter 32
Posted: December 24, 2003 - 12:56:36 pm

Monday, November 22, 1976

Mornings have become my favorite time of day. Snuggling and cuddling with Sharon and Missy while linked was almost religious experience. Now, with Cindi as part of the link, we needed to move into the living room for our snuggle. I sat on the sofa with Missy on one side of me and Sharon on the other. Cindi now occupied my lap. I don't think there is anything in this world or any other that compares.

It was almost 9:00 AM when the telephone interrupted us. It was an Assistant District Attorney. He wanted Thelma and me to come in this afternoon to make a statement about our incident with Coach Daniels. I assured him we'd be there at the appointed time, then asked him what the status of Andrews and Daniels was on the Jimmy Cryder incident.

"I really can't say a lot about it, Mr. Green. I can say that since the charges against them are of a sexual nature involving a minor, they are being held without bail until the trial."

I thanked him for the information and again assured him Thelma and I would be there for our interview.

When I hung up I asked, <Cindi, would you go up and wake Thelma please?>

All three of my darlings were wide awake now since they listened in to my conversation with the ADA. Cindi took off and a couple of minutes later said from upstairs, <She's awake Mike. Do you want her to come down?>

<Yes Cindi. Tell her it's important.>

Thelma came down in just a few minutes and took over Cindi's place on my lap. Sharon went to get coffee for all of us while I explained about the ADAs call.

<So they're finally going to do something about it, > she said with a sigh. <I feel sorry for their wives and kids, but I certainly don't feel sorry for them.>

We all agreed that they were getting what was coming to them.

Missy said she needed to go back to the library, and Cindi decided she'd like to go with her. I wanted to go in to our new offices for a while, so I asked Sharon if she'd like to go with me. She readily agreed. Bonnie, Thelma, Beth and Melly all decided to go in to the office as well. We ended up taking three cars as no one knew exactly when they'd be wanting to leave.

When we arrived at our new offices, Bonnie and Thelma introduced us to our receptionist, Jenny Waters. Jenny was a blue eyed blonde who stood about five foot six inches and weighed maybe one hundred and twenty pounds. She was strikingly beautiful, and I immediately thought, <dumb blonde>.

When we started to talk, however, I was amazed. She was well spoken and obviously intelligent.

Sharon and I went into my new office, and looked around. "Mike, I'd really like to help out here, but I don't have a job of any kind," Sharon said.

I thought about it for a minute then asked, "How would you like to be my personal assistant?"

"What's a personal assistant?"

"Well, if we were in a big office, you'd approve all my appointments, keep track of where I was supposed to be and when, make all my travel arrangements, and do any research I needed done. I guess here, you'd do the same kinds of things, although I don't see much business travel in the near future."

Sharon seemed excited. "I can do that Mike. It would be fun actually. I'll see if someone can find me a desk and chair somewhere."

There was a small conference table in one end of my office that I could never see using, and if Sharon was going to be working here, I wanted her where I could pat her sweet butt when I wanted to, so I said, "Why don't we get them to take that conference table out of here. We could get you a desk and chair put in where it's setting, and I'm sure they could run a phone line over there."

Sharon grabbed me and kissed me soundly. "I'll go find John and see if he knows where we can find me a desk," she said as she ran out the door.

She was back in minutes with John in tow. "Hi John. How are you doing?" I asked.

"I'm doing fine Mike. Man do you realize you've changed over the last couple of weeks? You look a lot older now."

"I'm just wearing my hair differently John. Everyone says it makes me look older though. Did Sharon tell you what we're wanting to do?"

"Yes, and we may be in luck. There is a smaller version of this desk in the storage room. I think there's even an executive chair that goes with it."

"Great. I'm not sure if you and I will be able to move the desk by ourselves. Is there anyone else around who can help?"

"Don't worry about it Mike. The construction company is here building Jeff's office. I'll get them to move everything for us." He looked at me again, shook his head and left.

Sharon came over and pushed my chair back from my desk. She sat on my lap and snuggled in. "Being your personal assistant doesn't mean I can't be your lover does it?"

"No Sweetheart. My PA can be as personal as she wants," I told her.

We were still sitting like that when the guys came in to move out the conference table.

Thelma and I went in to the ADA's office and gave him our accounts of what had happened the day Daniels tried to have her raped. He said that Mr. Cryder had given him a copy of the tape that had been erased and of the one from Andrews office.

"Ms. Richards, we are really sorry this happened," he told us. "The guy who erased the tape has been suspended. We found out he is a fraternity brother of Andrews. Apparently he has been a good cop, but had pressure put on him by Andrews. It seems so stupid to me to throw your career away because someone you were in a club with twenty years ago asks you to."

"That's one thing I've always hated about the Greek system," Thelma said. "It seems their 'brotherhood' or 'sisterhood' is more important to them than family or honesty."

We headed back to the office shortly after that. It was only about 3:15 PM when we got there so I went in and found Sharon in my office. She had a stack of Wall Street Journals on her desk and was going through them.

"This is really interesting stuff Mike," Sharon said when I had kissed her hello. "It's too bad we only have your memory of things to depend on. I was just reading about a company that made a major breakthrough in the medical field, and then was bought out by a larger company. I'll bet investors in the smaller company made a fortune when the bigger company bought it."

"You're right Sweety. I do remember the names of a few companies that happened to in the 90s. I was working for one of them when it happened. That's why I'm anxious for Ken to start working for us. We can give him some guidelines as to the types of things he should be looking for, and I'm sure he'll make us a lot of money."

While Sharon and I were driving home I asked, <Sweetheart, would you mind if we invited Thelma into our bed tonight? I have a feeling she really needs some attention. Telling about Daniels today upset her more than she'll admit.>

<No Mike. That is fine. Tell her to bring some of her toys though. Missy and I have been wanting to try them out.>

<Oh my. Can I watch?>

<If you stay linked, you can even feel.>

<God! If I was feeling that while making love to Thelma, I probably wouldn't last ten seconds.>

<We'll just have to coordinate then so they don't happen at the same time, > Sharon laughed.

When I suggested to Thelma that she sleep with Sharon, Missy and I she was all for it. <Bring some of your toys if you would Sweetheart. Missy and Sharon want to play.>

<Which ones?> she laughed.

<Why don't you just bring all of them. I'm sure they'd like to experiment.>

Sharon, Missy and I were already in bed when Thelma came in. She now had her toys in an overnight bag. <Has your collection grown?> I asked.

<I've added a few things, > she grinned.

Thelma handed the case to the girls and moved into my arms. <I love you, you know, > I said.

<I love you too Mike. I hope you don't think adding another man to the group is going to diminish the love we feel for you.>

<No, I don't feel that way Thelma. If I can love more than one woman, you can love more than one man.>

Missy and Sharon were going through the bag with the goodies. Sharon held something up and said, <This looks strange Thelma. What's it for?>

<That's a butt plug, Sharon. Something I think Missy will particularly like. There's some KY Jelly in there to make it go in easier.>

Missy's eyes were big as she looked at the device. <Sharon and Missy, let's link together with Thelma on the family link and share with her.>

<Okay, > they said in unison.

<Thelma, we're going to link together. It should make things a lot more interesting.>

<Ummm, > Thelma said as I started nibbling on her neck.

I licked and kissed and nibbled my way down to her lovely breasts. I could feel what she felt, so I knew when to do more and when to move on. I teased her breasts for a long while before sucking a hard nipple into my mouth and biting down on it softly. Thelma had a small orgasm from my ministrations on her sweet nipples before I moved on down.

<Missy, please hand me a vibrating dildo, > I said as I approached Thelma's already very wet pussy.

I felt something pressed into my hand as I started licking gently around the outer lips of Thelma's pussy. I licked and nibbled for a few minutes before actually touching her pussy with my tongue, then I licked softly from bottom to top, avoiding her clit as I did so.

Thelma arched her back, trying to bring her pussy in closer contact with my tongue. I pulled back to keep the pressure the same and to avoid penetrating between her lips. When she eased back, I continued my licking.

Finally, I let my tongue penetrate between her outer lips. Her nectar was flowing so fast I could barely keep up with it. Her inner lips were swollen and distended, and her clit was completely out of its hood. I continued my licking and each time I passed her vagina I extended my tongue farther to gather her juices, then retracted it again as I neared her clit.

Thelma's bottom was bouncing and thrashing so much now it was hard for me to continue doing what I wanted to do. Finally, I latched on to her clit with my lips. I was trying to avoid too strong of a contact with her sensitive bud, but her movement made that impossible. I could feel her getting close, so I attacked her clit with my tongue, making long, slow licks with the flat of my tongue across her most delicate area.

Thelma exploded. I'm glad our house was fairly isolated, or someone would have reported the screams to the police. Missy and Sharon both climaxed from the feelings they were getting on the link. In fact, I think the rest of the women in the family orgasmed too.

I let her wind down a little, then started gently working the dildo into her sopping pussy. Thelma groaned as she felt it going into her, but she was so wiped out from her orgasm, she hardly moved. I started gently kissing her clit as I worked the dildo in and out of her tunnel.

When her bottom started moving again, I began softly sucking on her clit. I tried to keep it gentle and the stimulation at a minimum for a while to build her up slowly, but again, Thelma had other ideas. She started humping against my mouth, and it was difficult to keep the pressure light.

I turned on the dildo, and started hunting for her G spot. Thelma was cuming again within seconds, and cuming... And cuming... And cuming. Then she went limp, and I turned off the dildo.

<That was awesome, > Sharon said. <I want you to try that on me sometime Mike.>

<With pleasure love, > I said as I cuddled Thelma waiting for her to come to.

While we waiting for Thelma to recover, Missy grabbed a vibrator and went down on Sharon. She ran the vibrator up and down Sharon's outer lips, avoiding her clit and avoiding any penetration. Finally, near the bottom of her stroke, Missy slipped the vibrator inside and teased Sharon's opening. She leaned forward and gently licked Sharon's clit as she made circles around the vaginal opening, then slowly started easing it inside.

Thelma awoke and smiled at me. She stretched like a cat and said, <Thank you.>

We watched Missy and Sharon for a while as I stroked Thelma's breasts, then Thelma pulled away and said, <I want to help.>

Thelma pulled a palm vibrator out of her back, started it, and cupped Sharon's right breast. She ran her palm over Sharon's nipple and I watched in awe as Sharon started to cum. Missy increased the speed and pressure of her licking on Sharon's clit, and Sharon screamed her orgasm to the world.

I don't know if Sharon had several orgasms, or one really long one. She was writhing and screaming for at least two minutes before she calmed down enough to push Missy's head from her clit.

I was so excited watching and feeling my lover's orgasm that I almost came by spontaneous emission. I pulled Thelma over onto her back and climbed between her legs. She moaned as I entered her and so did I. I knew I couldn't last long so I asked Missy to work on Thelma's clit with the vibrator as I pounded in and out of her.

We both exploded, far too soon in my opinion, and collapsed on the bed. Missy leaned over and kissed me. Of course I kissed back and before we broke the kiss, Sharon had started caressing her breasts.

I watched in amazement as Sharon made love to Missy. The two people I cared about most in the world pleasing each other. Sharon rolled Missy over on to her back and started kissing and sucking on her breasts. I moved over and took over on the one closest to me. God I love her puffy nipples.

Sharon started kissing her way down Missy's body. When she reached her pussy, she raised Missy's legs until they were almost touching her breasts, then started pushing her tongue as far inside Missy as it would go. I watched as Sharon picked the butt plug, which she had already lubricated, off the bedside table. She gently placed it against Missy's anal pucker, then slowly but firmly pushed it in.

Missy screamed. She shuddered for a few seconds, then passed out.

Sharon looked at me with a self satisfied expression, then gently removed the butt plug. We all cuddled together.

Thursday, November 25, 1976

As I'm sure you have gathered by now, I am usually the first one up. Not so this morning. When I came into the kitchen, Bonnie was just putting a huge turkey into the oven. I turned on the coffee maker and took my usual seat at the table. When she had the bird situated the way she wanted it, she came over and sat on my lap.

We kissed and cuddled for a few minutes, then Missy came wandering in. She climbed on my other knee, and I kissed her softly. <Good morning Sweetheart, > I said.

<Morning. Morning Bonnie.>

<Not yet it isn't, > Bonnie laughed. <I'm going back to bed kids. Nothing else has to be done to the turkey for hours.>

We both kissed her and she headed back to bed. I got up and got us both a cup of coffee.

<How was your week so far, > I asked. <I haven't seen a lot of you.>

<I've been pretty much buried in the library. I've also learned a lot about appraisals.>

<They've always been a little confusing to me. I never really knew how they came up with the figures they did.>

<A lot of it is bull shit. They make no consideration for some things that should add value, but value other things I feel are unimportant.>

<Like what?>

<Well... Okay, you have two houses. Both are the same size, sitting next door to each other. Both are twenty years old. One has just had the furnace and water heater replaced and the stove and refrigerator are less than a year old. The other house has the original furnace and the water heater is ten years old. The appliances are at the end of their useful life. Otherwise they are in about the same condition. Which one is worth the most?>

<The one with the new furnace?>

<Nope. They would appraise the same. Makes no sense.>

<Maybe what we need to do is do our own appraisal of anything we're looking at buying.>

<Yes and no. There are different factors that make a property appraise at a given value in a given area. If someone had to learn everything about every area, it would be a full time job just keeping up. I think what we need to do is train a team to go in and look at things like the age of the furnace and major appliances. They would also check out the condition of the plumbing and electrical systems, and the loading on the system. Then we can work up our own system for adding to or deducting from the appraised value.>

<That makes sense. In other words, if a particular type of furnace has an average useful life of twenty years and it is eighteen years old, then we'd deduct ninety percent of the cost for replacing the furnace from the appraised value.>

<Exactly. And if the electrical system is getting close to being overloaded, we'd need to make an adjustment based on how much it would cost to upgrade it.>

<You're a smart lady, Missy. I know in my previous life I had friends who bought houses, and within no time at all had to replace something major. You can't afford to do that if you're running a business.>

<You know Mike, it's fun to figure out how we should do things, but I wouldn't want to be the one doing them every day. I guess I'm just not ready to be tied down to a job where I have to be at work every day. Does that make me a bad person?>

<No. I feel the same way Sweetheart. I think Bonnie and Thelma are more willing to put a lot of time and effort into the business, but I don't think the rest of us are. Eventually, we're going to be hiring people to do almost everything for the company. Even now, you don't have to work every day on this.>

<I know. I just feel guilty if I'm not working.>

Sharon came in about then and replenished mine and Missy's coffee, then claimed a spot on my lap. We all three kissed and snuggled for a few minutes then I said. <Sharon, Missy was just telling me she feels guilty if she's not working.>

<Yeah, I guess I feel a little like that too, > Sharon said.

<You and I have gotten a lot accomplished this week. We have several companies lined out that we'd like to invest in, and there's nothing we really have to do for a while.>

Sharon agreed, so I went on.

<Ken is due back on Saturday. Bonnie is going to ask him to join the family. If he does, there is going to be a lot going on around here that I don't want to be involved in.>

Missy giggled then asked, <Jealousy rearing its ugly head Mike?>

<A little bit I guess. Are you wanting to get involved with Ken?>

<No Mike. I'm as committed to you as Sharon is. I guess it just doesn't bother me as much as it does you if the rest of the girls do want him.>

<Sweetheart, as long as I have you and Sharon, I'm not really bothered. I was just thinking it might be nice to give them some privacy though. What would you think about the three of us and Cindi taking off for a while?>

<You mean like a vacation or something?>

<Yes, maybe an extended vacation. With Cindi along, we can contact the rest of the family from almost anywhere, so if anything came up we'd be able to handle it from where ever we are.>

<Would we be taking the RV?>

<No, I think I'd just like to take the Suburban. We can afford to stay in motels. We might want to get a nice tent if we wanted to camp out or something.>

I could feel the excitement rising in the girls as we talked. <When would we leave?> Sharon asked.

<I'd say on Sunday or Monday, > I told them.

<I'm going to get Cindi, > Missy said as she bounced off my lap. She was out the door in seconds and Sharon and I just smiled at each other.

<I think you just made her day, > Sharon said.

<I didn't ask you what you thought about it Sweety. Are you okay with this?>

<You don't have to ask love. You can feel it.>

She was right. I could feel what she was feeling, and it was good.

Cindi was as excited as Missy when she came bouncing in. <You're really going to take me with you, > she asked.

<Providing your father will let us, > I told her.

<That's not a problem Mike. You shouldn't really ask him.>

<And why shouldn't I ask him?> I asked.

Cindi blushed and looked like she thought she was in trouble. <Please don't be mad at me Mike. He was worrying about me all the time, so I just wanted to help him.>

<What did you do Cindi?>

<I just told his mind that I was fine and that he shouldn't worry about me or even think about me. It didn't work just like I planned it. I don't think he even realizes he has a daughter now.>

<Cindi!>

<I know Mike. I'm sorry. I just didn't want him to worry.>

<From now on Cindi, ask me or Sharon or Missy before you do anything like that.>

<Okay Mike, > she said with downcast eyes.

<What about Jimmy? Isn't he going to worry?> I asked.

<No. I did it to him too.>

<I know you meant well Honey, but you've pretty well made your family forget you. That's not a good thing.>

<When I link with you three, there's no one else in the world anyway. You three are my family. I still love my dad and someday I'll figure out how to fix things, but for right now, you three are all I need.>

<What about Bonnie and the rest of the family?>

<Oh I need them too. They're like mothers and sisters to me. You guys are like another part of me.>

<I couldn't have said it any better myself, > I said as I hugged her.

Thanksgiving dinner was fantastic, but with seven women in the house I guess you could expect it to be. I don't think I ever ate more in either lifetime. After dinner I sat and watched part of a football game. One by one the rest of the family came into the room.

<Bonnie, you're going to invite Ken to join the family aren't you?> I asked.

<Yes. We've all talked it over. We all like him, and Cindi assures us he can be trusted.>

<You know that Missy and Sharon are not going to be having sex with him, right?>

<Yes Mike. We're aware of that.>

<You're aware that I'm a little jealous too I assume?>

Beth giggled. <More than a little I'd say big bro.>

I smiled at her. <I love each and every one of you. I want what makes you happy. I know I'll get used to it, but it may take a while.>

<It's okay Mike. We understand, > Thelma said.

<Bonnie, would you object if Sharon, Missy, Cindi and I took a trip by ourselves?>

Bonnie paused and frowned. <I guess not Mike. How long would you plan to be gone?>

<We're not leaving forever Sweetheart. We have no idea how long we'd be gone though. We'd like to give you guys some privacy, and we could use the time to get used to the idea of you guys having another lover. We'd just like to take the Suburban and travel a little.>

Bonnie was still a little hesitant, but she agreed to let us go. Missy went over her plan for an inspection team for buying properties, and I went over the investments Sharon and I had planned.

Bonnie said she'd talk with Jeff about hiring people for the inspection team and she'd get with our broker about the investments.

<So, when are you planning on leaving?> Bonnie asked.

<We had kind of planned on leaving on Sunday, but if you're willing to do the things we just talked about, we may leave tomorrow, > I told her. <Like I said, we have no idea how long we'll be gone, but I guarantee you we'll be back for Christmas.>

<Have you had any thoughts about what to do about Sheila?> Bonnie asked.

<No love. If I do, we'll let you know. Ken may have some ideas along those lines. He always was a devious child.>

We talked it over and decided we'd need a weeks worth of clothes for each of us. We could do laundry once a week, and when we got tired of what we were wearing, we'd just buy more. My physical age appeared to be 22 now, with Sharon and Missy both appearing to be 21. I didn't think we'd have any problems anywhere with our ages.

We did a lot of kissing and cuddling with the rest of the family, and still got everything packed and loaded. We turned in early, planning for an early start.
Chapter 33 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 32 |   Bottom
Chapter 33
Posted: December 29, 2003 - 12:04:40 am

Friday, November 26, 1976

Mike:

Everyone was up early to give us a big sendoff. Bonnie and Beth were a little upset about us leaving, but tried not to let it show. We had a light breakfast then hit the road.

We weren't in any hurry to be anywhere, so we decided to take the coast highway, heading south toward San Diego. <Ladies, if anyone asks, we are a family. All of us are Greens. Sharon is my wife and you other two young ladies are my sisters.>

<You know Mike, if anyone ever asks for an Id, we're in trouble, > Missy said.

<Yeah, We're going to work on that. We may stop in Los Angeles tonight and see about getting some new driver's licenses.>

<How would we do that Mike?> Sharon asked. <Besides, I don't even have a driver's license.>

<It's all a matter of perception my love, > I said. <Let's stop in Monterey and take care of mine and Missy's first, then do yours. We go in to renew our licenses, Missy. We'll have to tell them mentally the license is due to expire. We take the test just like normal, but when the person goes to type up then new license just have her type Green for a last name instead of your real name, and have her put your birth year as 1956. When she hands you your new license, have her give you your old one back too.>

<What are we going to do with the old license?> Missy asked.

<Sharon is going to renew it in her name.>

Cindi giggled. <You said I was devious.>

<Well, this way we have real licenses issued by the state of California, complete with pictures and with birth dates that match our physical ages. We could probably get fake licenses, but it's much better to have real ones.>

<Won't they figure out something is wrong when someone looks at the old license after we've left?> Missy asked.

<No, sweety. Just leave the person who does yours with the impression we had just gotten married. That will explain the mane change. I doubt they'll even think of date of birth. If they find your old license in Sharon's file, they'll just think someone miss filed it.>

We found the DMV in Monterey with no problem, and surprisingly it wasn't very busy at all. Missy and I got our licenses replaced quickly, with the information we wanted on them. We decided to have lunch before Sharon went back for hers.

We ate at a nice little seafood restaurant overlooking the bay. The food was great and the view was fantastic. I stoked up on shrimp and a lobster tail while Missy had scallops and Sharon had salmon. Cindi, of course, had to be different and had something called "A Bucket of Boat Trash". There was a little bit of everything in there. I think she may have had the best of us.

After lunch we went back and got Sharon's first driver's license. Talk about getting it fixed up the way she wanted it. She was now a 21 year old married lady who had been driving for five years.

After we had gotten out of Monterey, headed south, I pulled over and asked Sharon if she'd like to drive. She was a little scared at first, but took to it like a duck takes to water. Soon, she was laughing and talking with us as she drove.

I let Sharon drive for an hour, and although she was ready to continue, I told her she'd had enough for the time being. After I was driving again, I asked Cindi to call Bonnie for us. We chatted for a few minutes and told her about the driver's licenses.

<I think we're going to stay somewhere around Los Angeles tonight Bonnie, > I told her. <We're in no hurry to be anywhere, so we're just going to relax.>

<Just be careful Mike, > she told me.

<I have very precious cargo Bonnie. I plan to be very careful.>

We found a nice motel just south of LA. We got one room with two beds. It was a nice room, but there wasn't enough room in one of the beds for all of us. We all agreed that the next night we'd find a room with a king sized bed.

Bonnie:

Mike has been doing such a good job at this that I haven't felt the need to butt in. Since we're scattered now I think we need to keep track of all of us.

Mike and crew hit the road around 9:00 AM. Thelma and I decided to go in to the office for a while. Thelma is an amazing woman. She's taking her position as Chief Operating Officer seriously. I think the woman would work twenty hours a day if we'd let her, but then when you get her away from the office, she's a tiger in bed.

Thelma called Jeff and asked him if he'd come in for a while. When he got there she told him about Missy's idea for an inspection team to look over any new real estate purchases. He was impressed and said he thought we might be able to find a retired electrician and a retired plumber who wanted to supplement their Social Security for those portions of the inspections.

Jeff, there are two women I'd like for you to talk to. They are Mrs. Arthur Andrews and Mrs. Frank Daniels. I think Mrs. Andrews is a realtor, but I have no idea what Mrs. Daniels qualifications are. I'd like to see if there is any way we can use them in the company," Thelma told Jeff.

"Any particular reason you want to employ these two women?" Jeff asked.

"Their husbands worked at the school where I worked. They were real assholes and got themselves in a lot of trouble. Their wives and children don't deserve to be punished for what these two bastards did."

"I'll see what I can do Thelma. If the one is a realtor, we can definitely use her. I'll find out what the other one's qualifications are, and we can talk about what we might use her for.

I spent most of the day on the phone with our broker. We went over the stocks we wanted to be buying, and discussed the best ways of handling our investments over the next year. It was a very productive day.

The bad part of the day came when we got home. Mike, Sharon, Missy, and Cindi were gone. It was lonely.

Saturday, November 27, 1976

Mike:

When I woke up, Sharon was snuggled to one side of me and Missy was snuggled to the other. What woke me was Cindi crawling up my body to lay on top of me.

I gave Cindi a nice cuddle and kiss then told her I had to go to the bathroom. She grumbled and moaned, but I assured her we could get back just the way we were when I finished.

I stumbled into the bathroom and raised the seat. When I finished up, I went back into the bedroom and found Cindi snuggled up to Sharon's back.

When I climbed back in between my two beautiful ladies, they both woke up. I intensified the link between all of us, and we just enjoyed each other for a while. Quite a while it turned out. It was almost noon before we got out of there.

We discussed where we wanted to go from here over breakfast. Missy said she wasn't interested in going back through San Diego, and I had to agree. We talked about going to Las Vegas again, but all agreed it was somewhere we'd already been and we'd just as soon go somewhere new.

<How about Phoenix?> I asked. <I've always liked Phoenix and it should be nice and warm there.>

"I've read about Phoenix but I've never been there," Sharon said.

"They've got nudist camps there don't they Mike?" Missy asked.

"I've never been to one there, but I'll bet the do," I told her.

"Let's do it then," Cindi almost yelled. I had to quiet her down before we could keep talking.

"So, you're wanting to go to a nudist camp are you?" I asked Cindi.

"You betcha. I didn't like having to wear clothes all day yesterday Mike."

I laughed. "I know what you mean Sweety. Okay. Phoenix it is. It's a little far to drive if we started out this late, but there's a town just inside the California border we could stay at tonight. Blythe or something like that. It should be about four or five hours from here to Blythe and another three on in to Phoenix."

We took off right after eating and enjoyed the drive through Palm Springs and across the desert. It is bleak, barren country, but beautiful in its own right.

We pulled into Blythe before five o'clock and got a motel room with a king sized bed. We moved our things into the room and I asked the girls what they'd like for dinner.

"Pizza!" Cindi said. "I want pizza."

We all agreed that pizza sounded fine, so I told the girls to load up and we'd find a place to eat.

"Can't you get one and bring it here Mike?" Cindi asked.

"I suppose I could. You want to eat in the room?"

"I want to eat naked," she told me with a smile.

I went and got us a pizza.

All three girls were naked when I got back to the room and I soon followed their example.

Bonnie:

Well, it was strange getting up this morning and not having a pot of coffee waiting for me. Half of our family being gone leaves an empty nest. I know it is probably for the best but it is difficult to get used to.

The rest of us just kind of laid around most of the day, not doing much of anything. We got a call from Ken a little after three, and I invited him to dinner. He sounded upbeat, so we were looking forward to it. I told him there was something we wanted to talk with him about, and told him he could drop by as soon as he could make it.

Ken showed up a little after five. I got him something to drink, and we all gathered in the living room to talk.

"Ken, there are some things we need to tell you that we ask you to never repeat to anyone outside our group. For reasons I'll go into later, we feel like we can trust you. Are you willing to keep anything we tell you secret?"

"I can agree to that Bonnie. I feel close to you guys after last week. Actually I feel closer to Mike than I have to anyone in a long time."

I smiled and went on. "The telepathy group you belong to want to know how we can all have the abilities all of the time. We've found something physical that allows this and gives us abilities far greater than anyone in that group. Mike is actually the one who discovered it and I wish he were here to explain it. I don't do a very good job of it."

"You're doing fine Bonnie. I assume this is what you don't want me to talk about."

"That and other things. Ken, we're afraid that what we've found will fall into the wrong hands and be used to do harm to others. Think of how easy it would be to rob someone if you could freeze their muscles so they couldn't move. We're also afraid that if the government finds out about it, they'll make lab rats of us. We don't want that either."

"I'm with you so far Bonnie and in total agreement. There are people im my old group who I am thankful do not have many abilities, and the ones they have are not there very often."

"Now, I have a big question for you. Would you like to become a member of our family? If you become a member, you'll have all of the abilities we have, and have them all of the time. It means a total commitment to us though, and we would be totally committed to you."

Ken hesitated for a while then said, "Before I answer you, I have one question for you. Why aren't Mike and the others here?"

"Mike said you were smart," I sighed. "Mike is a little jealous. Mike has had all of the women here, except Melly, exclusively. We all have a sexual relationship with Mike. A new guy brought into the family would be assumed to also want a sexual relationship. Mike wants you to be in the family, but he's having a little bit of a hard time with accepting it."

"I can understand that. I'd like to talk to Mike before I give you a decision though."

"We might be able to arrange that. Hold on a second while I try."

<CINDI!>

<You don't have to yell Bonnie. I can hear you just fine. Stop it guys, Bonnie wants to talk to us.>

<Where are you guys?>

<We're in Blythe, California.>

"They're in Blythe, California everyone."

<Can you cut Mike and the others in so they can hear Cindi?>

<She already did Bonnie, > Mike said.

<Cindi, Ken is here and he wants to talk to Mike. Can you hook him in?>

<I'll try. Ken, can you hear me?>

"What the hell was that?" Ken asked.

"That was Cindi. Could you hear her?"

"Most definitely."

"Okay, just think something back at her."

<Hi Cindi. Are you enjoying your trip?>

<Yes Ken. We've had fun so far. Say hello to Mike. He's here too.>

<Hi Mike.>

<Hi Ken. Bonnie said you wanted to talk with me.>

<Yes Mike. Bonnie has invited me to join the family. It's really tempting, but I wanted your opinion of it.>

<Ken, I'd like very much for you to be a member of the family. I suppose Bonnie has told you that I'm a little jealous, and it's true. I've always known that eventually Beth and Bonnie would find someone to love. I have no problem with you being with any of the women who are there now. The ones who are with me are off limits to you though. We have made lifetime commitments to each other.>

<Bonnie said you had special reasons for wanting me to be part of your family. Would you tell me what they are?>

<I'm surprised Bonnie hasn't told you already. She did ask you to keep things secret didn't she?>

<Yes. That's not a problem Mike. I keep my word.>

<I know you do Ken. You're going to find this hard to believe, so I'm going to ask you something first. How many people did you tell about the little girl who gave you your first blowjob, and almost bit your dick off in the process?>

<My God! I only told one person about that Mike. It was my uncle George. Did he tell you?>

<No Ken. You did. I am your Uncle George in Mike Green's body.>

I went on to tell him all that had happened and that we had no idea how the transfer had taken place.

<You can ask me any questions you'd like Ken. If George could remember the answers at age fifty-eight then I can remember them.>

<Mike, I have to believe you. I've never told anyone about that but George, and I know he would never have betrayed my confidence. Also, I felt you and I had a bond when we were talking last week. I didn't understand it at the time, but this would explain it.>

<Then you understand why I want you in the family Ken. I'll get over the jealousy thing.>

<Mike, I'd be proud to be part of your family. As for the sex thing, I don't have to have a sexual relationship with the women of the family.>

<Oh yes you do!> four women said in unison.

We all laughed and Ken said, <I'll have to admit I am attracted to every one of them. So, what do I have to do to become a family member?>

<Bonnie will help you to change a small blood vessel in your brain to increase blood flow to a certain area. At that point you will have telepathic abilities full time. It's a simple procedure that only takes a few seconds. As for becoming a member of the family, we offered, you accepted. It's a done deal. Welcome.>

<Thanks Mike. Thanks all of you. I've missed my family since I've been out here. This is going to be wonderful.>

<I have to tell you something else Ken. You are the only one of the family I know anything about from my previous existence. In June of next year, you went fishing off the coast. Several days later your boat drifted ashore, but you were not in it. It was assumed you had fallen overboard and drowned. No one ever saw you again.>

There was a stunned silence that Ken finally broke. <Are you saying I'm going to die in a few months Mike?>

<No, Ken. I'm saying you are going to disappear in a few months. We can recreate the scenario exactly. You can go out on the boat, and we'll bring you back. Maybe that's what happened the first time through, maybe not. We'll get you a new identity, and we'll go on from there.>

<But if you guys hadn't stepped in I would have died, right?>

<Probably so Ken.>

Again, silence reigned for a few minutes. <This is all hard to believe Mike, but I know it has to be true. Bonnie, will you help me with the brain thing?>

<Absolutely.>

<Ken, I'm going to sign off now, > Mike told him. <I have two lovely naked ladies and one lovely naked little girl demanding my attention. I'll have Cindi get us together tomorrow. Bye for now.>

<Bye Mike.>

I helped Ken with the blood vessel, and he took to his new abilities like a duck takes to water. We filled him in on all he could do and with the information on how to control his health and body.

We gave him a few minutes then told him about our normal mode of dress around the house. <You mean I get to look at all of your lovely bodies all the time?> he asked.

No one answered, we all just stripped. He watched us, then started removing his own clothing. Damn he looked fine.

We got dinner out of the oven and enjoyed eating and talking. In fact we talked all evening. We learned a lot about Ken, and he learned a lot about us.

Although Ken was sporting a very nice erection for most of the evening, I knew his mind wasn't really on sex, so we all just piled into one bed and cuddled. We all drifted off to sleep thinking our own thoughts. God, I miss Mike.
Chapter 34 »
Share: twitter Tweet
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Lazlong's Page « The Fountain of Youth Index « Chapter 33 |   Bottom
Chapter 34
Posted: December 31, 2003 - 02:11:50 pm

Sunday, November 28, 1976

Mike:

We were up early on Sunday and kept our link to a manageable level. I think all of us were anxious to get on to Phoenix. We had breakfast at a little cafe and were on the road by 8:30 AM.

The drive on into Phoenix was nice. We pulled in to town just before noon and started looking for a place to spend the night. The weather was great with sunny skies and temperatures in the eighties.

We found a nice motel with a king room, then drove around for a while, sightseeing. We drove by the zoo and the arboretum, and I promised the girls we'd visit there the next day. I told them about a drive I wanted to take too, but that would have to be another day.

Sharon seemed a little subdued for most of the day, so finally I asked her, <Sharon my love, is something bothering you?>

<Oh Mike. It's nothing really. I just miss Bonnie a lot.>

I sighed. <I know what you mean love. I miss her too.>

<So do I, > Missy added. <I miss the others too, but it's Bonnie I miss the most. It's almost like a part of us is missing.>

<Yeah, I know. We have our special bond and our private link, but sometimes I feel like Bonnie should be part of it.>

Sharon grabbed me and kissed me fiercely. <That's the best idea I've heard in weeks, > she said.

<I agree, > Missy said. <Let's talk to her tonight.>

<I think Bonnie should be part of us too, > Cindi said. <I was just waiting for you guys to wake up and see it too.>

We ate an early dinner and went back to the motel. We stripped, then I asked Cindi to contact Bonnie.

Bonnie:

Well I did it. I had sex with Ken today. It was good. I had four orgasms. The only problem is, he isn't Mike.

God, I hate myself. I thought I had this all figured out. I didn't have a damned thing figured out. I was fooling myself and letting my pussy do my thinking for me. Now what am I going to do? I'm afraid Mike won't want me now.

It all started out innocently enough. We all had a nice breakfast, then Thelma, Ken and I snuggled on the couch. Melly is still a virgin and isn't quite ready to give up that status yet.

Ken was in a much sexier mood today, and the snuggling led to kissing and the kissing led to petting and the petting led to an all out three person orgy.

Ken licked me to one orgasm then fucked me to three more. I thought my pussy was going to explode. Then we were cuddling and it hit me. This was sex. Pure and simple. What I had with Mike was love.

Mike:

It was around seven when Cindi called Bonnie. <Bonnie, can you hear me?> Cindi asked.

<I can hear you Cindi. Are the rest of you there?>

<Yes we are Bonnie, > I said.

<Hi Bonnie, > Sharon and Missy said together.

<Are you guys okay?> Bonnie asked.

<We're okay Bonnie, > Sharon said. <Except... Bonnie, we miss you so bad. We love you Bonnie.>

<You miss me, or do you miss all of us?>

<We miss YOU, > I said. <This was a mistake Bonnie. We never should have left without you.>

We could feel her sobs as she cried. <Oh Mike. I miss you too. All of you. But I screwed up today. I'm so sorry.>

<Bonnie love. Whatever you did it's okay, > I told her.

<No it's not Mike. I had sex with Ken today. I'm so ashamed. I've hated myself ever since.>

<Listen to me Bonnie. It's okay. You had to find out for yourself. I love you Bonnie and I love Ken too. Don't be ashamed.>

<Bu-but I a-am ashamed Mike. I never should have done that.>

<Did you enjoy it? Did you have an orgasm?>

<Ye, yes.>

<Is it something you want to do again?>

<NO!>

<Bonnie, it's something you had to do. Don't worry about it. We love you and want you.>

<Can you forgive me?>

<There's nothing to forgive Bonnie. I wasn't your first. In fact the body I occupy came from your beautiful body. We love you. We miss you something terrible. All of us do.>

<Will you come back Mike?>

<We're really enjoying the trip love. Why don't you come to us?>

<I'd like that Mike. Where are you?>

<We're in Phoenix love. We'll be here a couple of more days. I don't imagine you could get a flight tonight, but you could be on one first thing in the morning.>

<Cindi, stay with me while I call the airlines. I'll tell you about my flight information.>

<Okay Bonnie. I'll be listening.>

A few minutes later I heard, <Mike, are you there?>

<I'm here love.>

<I'm on a flight tonight. It arrives there at 9:55. It's United flight 2172. Can you pick me up at the airport?>

<We'll be there Bonnie. You'd better hurry. It must be leaving soon.>

<Yeah, Beth is going to drop me off. I'll see you in a while. I love you guys.>

<We all love you too Bonnie.>

Bonnie:

He still wants me! Thank you God! He still wants me!

Getting to the airport wasn't nearly the trouble I thought it would be. Beth was a little surprised that I was taking off, but had no problem taking me to the airport. I figured I'd talk with Ken and Thelma tomorrow and let them know what was going on.

The flight was only five minutes late taking off and the air conditions gave us a smooth ride. We actually arrived a few minutes early. I didn't expect Mike would be here yet, but when I came down the ramp, they were all standing there. I ran to them and was folded into four sets of arms.

Mike:

We picked Bonnie up at the airport and enjoyed our short ride back to the motel. We went into the room and all of us undressed immediately. I pulled Bonnie in for a big hug, then kissed her until I thought we were both going to melt.

As we pulled apart, Sharon grabbed Bonnie and kissed her at least as well as I had. Then Missy took her turn, then Cindi.

We all collapsed on the bed and I said, <Cindi, bring Bonnie into the link.>

We all linked. Fully. There was no holding back on any of our parts. It was over four hours later when my bladder made itself heard and I reduced my participation in the link. When I got back from the bathroom, I roused the rest of the group and told them we'd better get some sleep.

<Michael, that was the most truly awesome thing I have ever experienced, > Bonnie told me. <It was better than an orgasm. It was better than a thousand orgasms rolled into one. Thank you all for including me in that.>

<We've wanted to include you all along Bonnie, but you were hesitant to commit yourself fully. Now that you've experienced it, I don't think there's any way you could keep from wanting to experience it again.>

We drifted off to sleep with Bonnie sandwiched between Sharon and me. Missy was snuggled up to the other side of me and Cindi was cuddled to Missy.

Monday, November 29, 1976

Beth:

Well, I guess since Mom took off to be with Mike I'll have to pick it up and tell what happened here. When I got back from taking Mom to the airport last night, Thelma and Ken were already in bed. I just came and slid in with them.

Ken woke up and I snuggled up to him. He really is a nice guy. He started stroking my back, so I stroked him as well. Well, one thing led to another and before I knew it, his tongue was sliding deep into my pussy. God what a feeling. He kept it up until I had cum twice, then he moved up between my legs.

I opened wide for him and he didn't waste any time in filling my pussy in oh such a nice way. I was cuming before he hit bottom. I have no idea how many orgasms I had before he finally shot into me. It was heavenly.

Don't get me wrong. I still love Mike, but I know I'll never be allowed to marry him. If I want someone permanently, I have to accept someone else. After last night, I think Ken could fill the bill nicely.

Mike:

When I awoke this morning, Sharon, Missy, Bonnie and I were all in the same positions we'd been in when we went to sleep. During the night, Cindi had crawled on top of me. She had her head on my shoulder, with her face inches from mine. I kissed her forehead and slid out from under her.

We had our morning snuggle after the girls woke up. We finally managed to get out of the motel and had some breakfast. We had just started showing Bonnie around Phoenix when Cindi said, <Mike, Thelma wants to talk to you.>

<Hi Thelma, can you hear me?> I asked.

<Hi Mike. I'm sorry to bother you guys, but we have a problem.>

<What's up Sweetheart?>

<We all have someone following us. Each of us, individually. Ken says he recognizes one of the guys as someone who is in the telepath club. Also, Sheila called Ken and told him she wants to see him. She was very insistent, so he promised to go to her place tomorrow.>

<Thelma, are you guys at work?>

<Yes, all of us are here.>

<I'd rather you were all home, in case you have to protect yourselves. Try to get there without causing any suspicion, but if you have to, do whatever it takes.>

<Okay Mike. What do we do then?>

<Stay there and protect each other until we get there. If I remember right, it's about 750 miles from here to there. We have four drivers, so we should be able make it there in sixteen hours or so.>

We made it in less than fifteen hours. When we pulled into the driveway, we could see a van parked down the street about half a block away. No other cars were visible, so I figured there was at least one person from the group in the van.

Everyone was happy to see us. Thelma seemed especially so. She was nervous as hell, and seemed to just be hanging in. I gave her a hug and asked, "Are you okay?"

"Not really Mike. They've been driving by here all day. Ever since we came home. Most of them are just intermittents, but Sheila and one other one has been trying to probe us every time they went by."

"Do you know who they all are, Ken?" I asked.

"All but one," Ken said. "There's one guy I've never heard before. He's shielded, better than the rest of them. The only reason I know it's a guy is that I picked it up from the woman who's riding with him."

"Has he tried to probe anyone?"

"Not that we've been able to tell."

"Look guys. It's nearly 2:00 AM. Has any of you gotten any sleep?" I asked.

None of them had so I went on. "There's no reason for all of us to be up. I know we're exhausted from the trip and the rest of you have to be exhausted from the tension. I suggest we have one person stay up and alert and the rest of us get some sleep. We can do two hour shifts on watch."

Everyone agreed this was a good idea, and Melly volunteered to be the first one to stand watch. "I don't feel like I've contributed much today," she said. "I'm sure I can stay awake for two more hours."

Ken volunteered to take second watch, and Beth said she'd do the third one.

Tuesday, November 30, 1976

I was awakened by a mental scream that made my blood run cold. Melly. I knew it was Melly, but she wouldn't answer when I tried calling to her. The clock said 3:47 AM.

I was out of bed in a second, as was everyone else in the family. I ran downstairs and saw Melly laying on the couch in the living room. She was breathing, but was unconscious.

<Does anyone know what's going on?> I asked.

<I felt something just before the scream Mike, > Cindi said. <It woke me up, but I don't know what it was.>

<Okay, Thelma, Beth, and Ken, see if you can get through to Melly. Check for any brain damage. The rest of us are going to see if we can find out what happened.>

We went into the dining room and linked together. <Mike someone or something is there. I don't know who it is because I can't read anything. Oh shit, it's gone.>

We continued probing the area but found nothing. Evidently all of our stalkers had left.

<Mike, there was some damage, > Ken informed me. <I think we've gotten it all taken care of. Melly is waking up.>

When we got back in the living room, Melly was sitting up. <Are you okay Melly?> I asked.

<I don't know Mike. I feel like my mind was raped. Then I think he tried to kill me.>

Ken pulled her close, and she started sobbing on his shoulder. <Mike, he knows about the blood vessel. I tried, but I couldn't keep him from it. I think he probably knows everything about us.>

<It's okay Melly, > I said as I sat down on the other side of her. Ken was gently stroking her back, so I just laid my hand on her waist.

<No it's not Mike. I let us all down.>

<You didn't let us down Melly. It could have been any one of us. Now we just have to find him and take care of him before he can use any of it against us.>

<How are we going to find him?> Bonnie asked. <We can't even find him when he's a block away.>

<Sheila, > I said.

We decided to get some breakfast and wait for daylight before we did anything more. Melly was slowly coming back to normal, and she was getting very angry.

By seven o'clock, I was too keyed up to wait any more. Ken told us how to get to Sheila's house, and Bonnie, Cindi, Missy, Sharon and I took off. Before we left I said, <Guys, you should all stay linked the entire time we're gone. Scan every car that drives by. If it's one of the other group, try to take them over and make them pull into the driveway, then put them to sleep. If there's someone in the car you can't read, strengthen your shield as much as you can. We'll be back as soon as we can.>

We drove by Sheila's house and found her asleep. I pulled us into her driveway, and we sat there while Cindi scanned Sheila.

<His name is Adam Hunt, > she told us. <He lives out in Orinda, but works in San Lorenzo. Sheila is scared to death of him. Evidently he mind raped her too, but he didn't try to do her any damage. I think he did intentionally increase her fear level though. I think he gets off on it.>

Cindi sat there for a minute then said, <You know. I think what he's doing with this mind rape thing is the same thing we do when we probe someone for their subconscious thoughts and memories. I think the difference is, he tries to hurt people as he does it. I think the damage he did to Melly's brain was an attempt to do the same kind of thing we do when we changed the size of the vessel in the brain.>

We decided to get a cup of coffee and wait for Mr. Hunt to show up at work, rather than driving all the way to Orinda. We had to kill nearly an hour, but we used it making plans of what to do when we found him.

<Do you think we can freeze him?> I asked.

<I'm not sure, > Cindi said. <He must be pretty strong.>

<Yeah, but is he as strong as all of us, if we are in a close link?>

<I don't think so Mike, but I think he's stronger than me though.>

<Why do you say that Honey?>

<I don't know... Maybe it's just that he scares me... >

<I think that's what it is Honey. Remember though how strong we are when we're all linked. I don't think he'd have gotten to Melly if we'd all been linked.>

We were sitting in the parking lot behind the shoe store where Adam Hunt was the manager at a quarter to nine. We had been scanning the store for a few minutes and could feel him there, but we couldn't read his thoughts.

A new man came into the store, so we decided to use him to get our first look at Hunt.

"Good morning Mr. Hunt," the new guy, Gary Williams, said.

"Good morning Gary," Hunt replied. "I'm going to need for you to look after the front this morning. I'm going to be in the office working on taxes. Buzz me if you need me."

"Will do Mr. Hunt."

<Okay people link close, > I said.

We gave him a couple of minutes to make sure he was clear of the front of the store, then we attacked.

Damn he had a strong shield. It took the combined power of all five of us to break through, and while we were doing that, he was attacking us. Again, the power of five prevailed.

Once we were through the shield, things were relatively easy. We put him to sleep immediately, then started deep probing all of his subconscious thoughts and his memories.

<Yuck!> Cindi said. <This guy is sick.>

We spent nearly twenty minutes probing the shit hole this guy used for a brain. He had used his telepathy in all the wrong ways. Mostly with women. Some, he had made fall madly in love with him. Others he had raped, then left them with the memory of being raped, but not of who had done the raping. All of them he used sexually, then threw them aside.

He had been using Sheila to get to us. For some reason, he had felt threatened by us. He didn't even know why himself. There was also another telepath he felt threatened by. He had touched minds with this person on three occasions, and the person was extremely strong. All three times had been in the Redding area, so Hunt avoided the area completely.

We made sure we knew all of the women he had raped and all of the women who might still be in love with the monster, then I told everyone I was going out of the link. <I want all of you to pull away from him, > I told them. <I'm going to turn him off and I don't think any of you need to be there.>

<I'm going with you, > Sharon said.

<Yeah, so am I Mike, > Missy added. <There's no reason for you to have to go through this alone.>

I started to protest, but Cindi cut me off. <Mike, are you saying you're never going to link with us again?>

<No Cindi. I can't give that up.>

<As soon as you do, we're going to have all of the memories and all of the feelings anyway. We might as well all be together now. It's not going to bother me anyway. This person has to be shut off.>

The little minx was right. There was no way I was going to exclude any of them from future links, and when we linked we were an open book to all of the others.

<Okay ladies. Just talk to me if this bothers you later on.>

I turned him off. I didn't do anything fancy, I just stopped the portion of the brain that controls the heart and respiration. We waited for fifteen minutes, until all activity had stopped, then headed for Sheila's place.

<When we get there, > I told Cindi, <I'm going to drive by, and I want you to decrease the size of the blood vessel that we've increased in all of us. Make it smaller than it is in those people who have the intermittent telepathy, but large enough that lack of blood will not cause any damage.>

Cindi did what I asked, and as we drove away, I said, <You know, even with the decreased blood flow, it's going to be a while before her telepathic powers go away. She may not even connect it to the car that drove by.>

<That'd be good, > Bonnie said. <I'm afraid though that she is going to be gunning for us, thinking we had something to do with it.>

<I've been worried about that too, love. We had to do it though, and we have to do it to her main henchmen, at least the ones who have been following us.>

<Yeah, I know. Maybe we should just do them one at a time as they show up at the house.>

<That's probably the best. Let's go home.>

When we got there, we showed the rest of the family what we had found out about Hunt. We opened up the family link, and a few minutes later, Thelma said, <My God! Hunt was Dr. Cunningham.>

I don't know if he had been researching us before he met Sheila's group, or if it started shortly there after. I do know that finding out that Hunt and Cunningham were the same person relieved us of a lot of worry.

Friday, December 24, 1976

The month before Christmas went surprisingly fast. We went through the list of all of Sheila's group we knew decreasing the size of the blood vessel on each of them.

About a week after we did Sheila, she came to the house and accused us of doing something to her. We of course told her we had nothing to do with it, and that two of our group had suffered the same problem. I told her I thought it must be sunspots or something. She didn't completely believe me, but when she left, she did have doubts that we were guilty.

Cindi came to me a couple of weeks ago and said she needed to talk. <Mike, I'm going to start letting my body mature. It's my body, and I'm the one who has the final say over it.>

<Why are you in such a hurry to be more mature?>

<I get left out of everything Mike. I have to sleep by myself, at least when you guys are going to have sex, which is almost every night. Everyone else is having sex, and I know how much they are enjoying it. I want to enjoy it too.>

<Sweetheart, it's not just how mature your body is that allows you to have good sex. It's also how mature your mind is. You are the most mature nine year old I've ever met, but you're still too young mentally to have sex.>

<What can I do Mike? I'm going crazy.>

<How about we do this? You let your body start maturing at a rate that is twice normal. In two and a half years, your body will be fourteen. Your mind should also be mature enough by then to match your body. At that time, if you still want to, I'll take your virginity.>

Cindi threw her arms around me and kissed me. Damn that girl can kiss for a nine year old. <I'd rather it was today, or next week Mike, but I'll live with that.>

We hired both Mrs. Daniels and Mrs. Andrews for MBBS. We also hired several others, and Jeff says we'll need more right after the first of the year.

Missy bought her first piece of property for the company. It was a small four unit apartment house in Hayward.

The family has fallen into a routine that we are all comfortable with. Ken sleeps in my old room with Thelma, Beth, and Melly. Cindi sleeps in Beth's old room, when we can keep her there. The rest of us are in Bonnie's room.

Things are going smooth for us. Each of us are averaging ten to twenty hours a week at work and are enjoying our time at work and at home. We are all looking forward to Christmas.

Author's Note:

This is the end of Book 1, but do not despair. Book 2 will be coming out shortly. You should start seeing the first chapters within thirty days, possibly as little as two weeks. As of this time I have at least four books planned in this series.

Book 2 moves us ahead until 1979. Everyone is a little older and a hopefully a little wiser.

Thank you for all of the e-mails I've received. Some have been laudatory, others have been critical. In either case I appreciate them.

Lazlong
Your opinion is important:
Share with others what you think about
"The Fountain of Youth"
     

The End
Share: twitter Tweet

Go to Lazlong’s Blog
Last entry on 2009-10-14
Posted: 2003-11-09
Version: 1.00
Home | Top | Lazlong's Page |   Feedback to author


