Wilderness Paradise Pt. 01
byu06la14b©

A Wilderness Paradise: Of Brothers and Sisters

This story is longer than most. I reiterate, if you are looking for a quickie then this one is not for you. As always, it draws from personal experience:

"In a universe of ambiguity,
this kind of certainty comes only once,
and never again,
no matter how many lifetimes you live."

The Bridges of Madison County, Robert Waller.

The Lucky 8

The first thing I was aware of when I came to was the throbbing in my head. It hurt like a son-of-a- bitch. A fuckin' 10-alarm headache! I blinked and squeezed my eyes shut feeling the pressure thunder across of my forehead, a veritable marching band drumming right out from the center of my brain. And through this dull pounding the events of the previous night came seeping back in threads of loosely knit sequences.

I had stopped at 'The Lucky-8 Bar & Grill' for a drink and a bite to eat when one of the locals took umbrage to my presence. And as luck would have it, he happened to be about the biggest man I'd ever encountered. I'm a shade over six two but this Grizzly made me look like a midget. He was a foot taller and had me by about a hundred and fifty pounds though that really didn't scare me – size was never relevant in a fight. I had fought big men before and possessed an arsenal of techniques to deal with his size advantage. But someone forgot to tell Godzilla that.

He moved in trying to close the distance when a push-kick to his lower abdomen, a little above his groin, followed by a low roundhouse-kick to the outside of his knee stopped him in his tracks. I saw his leg flex unnaturally and his face contort with pain and was about to step in when I was sent flying by the swipe of a huge, gnarly paw. I tumbled over a table and ricocheted off of the wall landing on the far side of nothing, a mile from where he stood. Okay, so this wasn't going to be a walk in the park!

I got up quickly and stayed low ducking under a fist the size of Texas and when he swarmed in I hit him with a short right to the bridge of his nose and followed it with a left elbow to his temple. I could feel the impact running down my shoulders to my feet. The combination stunned the giant and he staggered backwards. There is truth to the cliché that speed kills. I was about to end it when there was a sudden explosion of lights followed by that peculiar weightless feeling as I slipped into unconsciousness. That was the last thing I remembered.

I ran my fingers gingerly over the walnut-sized bump on the back of my head just above the occipital bone, feeling around to gauge the extent of the damage. My scalp was split open and the blood had coagulated and clumped in my hair but I didn't think it would need stitches. I wasn't disoriented or confused which was good – it meant that though I might have concussed, it wasn't too serious. I checked my body for further injuries and apart from some sore ribs and a small bruise on the left side of my face I was okay, disheveled and badly in need of a shower, but okay.

I was lying propped up against the front wall facing the parking lot a few feet away from the stone stairway that led up to the entrance of the Bar. Someone must have carried me out. If they had thrown me down those stairs, I would have surely broken my neck. What can I say; I was dealing with a bunch of spineless but nevertheless, considerate assholes.

I sat up and shielded my eyes from the sunlight, the glare sending stilettoes stabbing through my brain.

"Damn! That's bright ..." I muttered to myself.

It was then that I noticed a piece of paper tucked into my shirt pocket. It was the crumpled tab for my meal. On it was scribbled, in childlike print, "I PAYED YOUR TAB. YOU WERE PREOCUPIDE PLEEZ COME SEE ME. DANIEL BENN". Okay, so I was dealing with a bunch of well-mannered yokels who couldn't spell but had a sense of humor! Nice touch but I was still pissed.

After making sure that my wallet and its contents were intact I got up, dusted myself off and drove a few miles down the road to The Smiling Bear Lodge. It was where I was supposed to hook-up with Rachael, Kyla and a few friends. Rachael was my kid sister and Kyla was a mutual friend we had grown up with. Andy and Sue were friends of Rachael's from college but I had yet to meet them. We had Skyped a few times but the lighting in Rachael's dorm room wasn't the best. I just hoped that they had some experience trekking in the mountains like the ones we were about to explore.

The plan was to use the Inn, just outside Bella Coola, as home base and drive to the mountains in Tweedsmuir Provincial Park to do some rock climbing, trekking and fishing. But my trip had been jinxed from the very get-go. I had left the office late and had gotten stuck in traffic a few miles south of O'Hare airport. Interstate I-190 had become a virtual parking lot thanks to an accident involving a tractor trailer and by the time they cleared the mess, I had missed my flight to Vancouver. The only option I had, in lieu of buying a new ticket, was to detour through Montreal or Calgary. So I flew into Montreal, waited around for four hours chugging stale coffee and browsing mindlessly through every magazine in the bookstore before catching the connecting flight to Sea Island.

I arrived there sleep deprived and hyped on caffeine only to learn that the weekly flight to Bella Coola had left a few hours earlier. Why wasn't I surprised? To paraphrase an old rock anthem: "If it wasn't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all". But I wasn't going to waste my time bitching about this so instead of twiddling my thumbs for a week, I decided to drive the six hundred odd miles to Bella Coola. Bad idea!

After reviewing the map and checking the net for options, I settled on the Gold Rush Trail, Route Highway 1 to Highway 97 which was the quickest route to Williams Lake. It still took me over 7 hours to get there, but that was the easy part. Highway 20 going west to Bella Coola was in a different league altogether and could have been appropriately named 'The Highway to Hell'! Intermittent construction and the dirt road known as the Hill was enough to test the patience and nerves of the most skilled of drivers. There was a particular 5 mile stretch, riddled with hairpin bends and switchbacks that must have been designed by some sadomasochist or Evel Knievel himself. It was on a 20 degree gradient with sections that literally hung off the mountain's ledge that had my balls shriveling up like chestnuts and had me questioning the sanity of the decision to drive – at that moment a week in Vancouver didn't seem so bad. And it wasn't over. Once I managed to get down the Hill, I still had an hour or so to Bella Coola.

In all, including the break, where I slept in the car, the drive took me a little under 18 hours and this, when added to my transit time, cost me two days. I didn't really blame them for going ahead, I would have most probably done the same, but I was hoping that Rachael would have convinced the others to wait for me. But she didn't. True to her mercurial nature, Rachael sent me a text telling me to catch up! Her exact words, 'Sorry, Luke, would've liked to hang around but we've things to do. We'll see you at Hunlen Falls. Catch us if you can!', and ended it with a smiley. That was so typical of Rachael.

The thing about driving long distances, especially alone, is the cerebral freedom that often accompanies solitude; freedom that allows for the merging of thoughts and sensual fantasies with the reconstituted images of memory. This might explain the thriving flesh trade along the highways of North America. Those truckers have nothing else to do but fantasize about whatever it is they fantasize about and a willing body at a truck stop offers them some sort of temporary palliative. I could certainly appreciate that. My mind was filled, for most part, with thoughts of sex; of the girls I had slept with and those I wanted to sleep with ... and, of course, my younger sister.

After I had programmed the preset buttons on the radio and made the requisite phone call to my parents, I was left with the comfort of a peculiar quietness. It was a state where the soft strains of the music and the whirring sounds of the engine had faded into a soothing white noise and where the quantum of time and space had disappeared into the signs and scenery flashing by. I found myself revisiting secrets that had been locked away, stored securely in some far recess of my mind - secrets that families seldom talk about.

Incest! The word that once conjured images of banjo-playing retards and lewd, older men seducing little girls had undergone a significant change for me. I had researched and read everything I could find on the subject – especially articles delving into the sexual relationships between siblings. The more I read, the more I was convinced that some of the taboos were baseless. Exploration amongst brothers and sisters was a lot more widespread than acknowledged and was even considered normal by psychologists and doctors. What was surprising was that many of these liaisons developed into close, long-lasting affairs that continued even after one or both siblings had found other partners. The other interesting fact was the similarity in the experiences – couples who had indulged in sibling incest could relate closely with others who had done the same. Many also confessed that it was primarily their incestuous encounters that provided them with fodder for their sensual fantasies.

I can vouch for that. I couldn't help it, but the night that had affected both Rachael and me would play in my mind over and over and over again. It was an incident that had taken place on Rachael's Prom night and had changed my predilections forever. I was tied to my sister by the umbilical cord of a salacious memory.

6 Years ago – a flashback to Rachael's Prom Night

"What's up, Bugs?" I asked when Rachael's name popped up on my phone.

It was my nickname for her – Bugs as in Bugs Bunny; she used to remind me of a bunny when she was little with her two protruding front teeth and a cute lisp. That was before the magic of orthodontics gave her the perfect smile. She was eighteen now and all grown up.

"Kyla still doesn't have a date," she said without preamble.

"What? I can't hear you. Let me step outside," I said and made my way to the door.

I was with some friends at a popular Pizzeria and the cacophony of loud music, ribald laughter and clattering dishes was deafening.

"Okay, what was that? You said something about Kyla."

"Kyla doesn't have a date for the Prom," she repeated, "I told you about it ... we are running out of time!"

"I don't get it ... I thought Brian was taking her to the Prom?" I was genuinely surprised.

Brian and Kyla had gone out a few times and it was obvious that Kyla was taken with him. She couldn't stop talking about him and how "cute" he was.

"I know and that's why she said no to the others who had asked her ... but we just found out that he's taking Mary."

Mary was a bimbo on the cheerleading team – big boobs, bubble ass and absolutely brain-dead; she was the epitome of being "clueless"!

Brian was the captain of the football team and was a pompous ass. Girls thought that he was "dreamy". I thought he was a prick and no, I'm not jealous – we'd had our share of run-ins before I graduated. I was just glad that Rachael was never enamored by him.

"Brian's a fuckin' creep! You tell her not to lose any sleep over him. Why can't she go without a date? Hey, she can hang with you and Gorilla Grodd!" I suggested.

I couldn't help making fun of Rachael's boyfriend. He was a nerd, an extreme geek. He had a condescending manner about him and on more than one occasion I've had to step in to prevent someone from poking him in the eye. He was arrogant and super bright, as in "genius", similar to the anthropomorphic cartoon character. But it was the fact that the nickname, Gorilla Grodd, seemed to press Rachael's buttons that had me staying with it. I swear Rachael had the strangest taste in boys. But the truth was that I was jealous of him, jealous that he was dating my sister. And maybe that was the real reason I picked on him. It was confusing at best. Rachael and I had always been close but this feeling that seemed to crop up from nowhere sure beat the heck out of me.

"Why do you always have to be mean to James?" Rachael asked and I could tell from her voice that she was upset.

"I'm joking!" I protested.

"No you're not! I know you, Luke, and I know when you are kidding and when you're being nasty."

I was quiet. She was right – there was an undercurrent of meanness masked by the convivial cover of my incessant teasing. We had always been open and honest with each other and talked about everything, including sex, but for the first time I was at a loss. I didn't know how to verbalize the feelings inside me. How do you tell your younger sister that you are jealous of the guy she's dating? That it was driving me crazy imagining him doing things to her? I realized that sooner or later someone was going to get her into bed and that she wasn't going to remain a virgin forever but the thought was both sobering and disconcerting. Did I have a thing for my sister? Shit! That would be really weird!

"I... er ... I don't know why. It's not even him, sis ... it's ... it's the fact that you are dating him!" I finally managed to stutter.

"You're dating! And you don't see me making fun of the girls you parade in and out of your room!" she spat back.

"That's different," I squawked with typical male logic.

"Oh, really! How? How is it different? Did you ever stop to think how it made me feel ... those skanks walking around half-naked crawling all over you?"

I was shocked by the passion in her voice. Granted some of them were, for lack of a better word, skanks, and did walk around in their panties, flaunting their boobies (when Mom and Dad weren't around), but it never occurred to me that she might feel uncomfortable or was there more to this? Was she, like me, jealous too?

"I never thought it bothered you," I replied, "... honestly! You never said anything!"

"I hated them! Every single one of them!" She spat out, the passion in her voice surprising me, and then added, "Even Laura, who's really quite sweet."

This wasn't like Rachael at all. She was normally very laidback and easygoing. We were quiet for a while before my curiosity got the better of me.

"But why? I mean, why didn't you say something if it bothered you?"

"What was I going to say? You're my brother and there's nothing I can do about that," she said so softly, I had to strain to hear her. "One of these days you'll find some girl and get married and I'll lose you... I just have to accept that."

"I'm nineteen, Rach; I'm not getting married right now."

"I know, but ..." she said helplessly then she changed the topic, "... oh, what's the point! Just forget it! Can't you ask Kyla to the Prom? Please Luke?"

Me? Ask Kyla? Wow! That came out of left field! I've always liked Kyla and would be lying if I said I hadn't thought of boning her. She was the same age as Rachael and the three of us had literally grown up together, all the way from kindergarten, and, we got on really well. But asking her out on a date and that too on Prom night? That was a bit radical. However, there were some perks. I could keep an eye on Rachael and make sure nothing crazy happens. It was the night where 99% of the boys would be trying to get laid and 80% of the girls would be trying to hang on to their virginity! Any way you sliced it, the math didn't work – roofies and booze notwithstanding. I was going to try and help Rachael and Kyla keep their knickers on!

"I'll ask her but it'll have to be the four of us ... I'd feel really weird otherwise," I said.

"You'd really do that, Luke? Really? I could ... never mind ... you're a real lifesaver! I'll call Kyla," she said, perking up considerably.

"I'd better call her, don't you think?" I asked facetiously.

"Yes, of course ... what was I thinking? I'll let James know. Call me back after you speak to her, okay?" she was excited.

"You be sure to tell James to wear something over that monkey-ass of his!" I said unable to resist the parting dig and hung up before she could reply.

*****

I waited a few minutes trying to figure out why I was doing this. I wasn't really interested in going to their Prom though there was a chance I could get lucky. I had gotten lucky at my Prom so you never know. However, Kyla was a friend, no she was more than a friend, she was like a second sister to me and I wasn't sure I wanted our relationship to change. In any case, I had promised Rachael so I called Kyla and after the usual small talk I got to the point.

"Hey, so who are you going to the Prom with?" I asked playing dumb.

She hesitated then answered softly, her voice trailing off, "I don't know if I'm going. No one's asked me. Well, it's a long story ..."

I paused before asking her. I wanted her to think this was spontaneous.

"How would you like to knock them all dead by taking the next Sonny Crockett to the prom?"

Kyla thought that I looked vaguely like Don Johnson of Miami Vice fame, a dark haired, taller version. I was hoping to get a laugh or some witty retort but no cigar. There was only silence on the other end.

"Hey, Kyla, are you okay?" I asked when she hadn't said anything.

"I'm not a charity case, Luke," she said in a somber tone, "Rachael should learn to keep her mouth shut!"

Okay, so the gig was up.

"She was only trying to help." I answered weakly, "Brian's a creep – I know that firsthand and he doesn't deserve you! Listen, if it's any consolation, I'm not doing anything and I would be flattered if you'd let me take you ... who knows, we may actually have some fun!"

"You're just being nice," she said softly.

Chicks! Nothing's simple ... they just had to do it; they had to draw you into more chatter. I would have been happy with a simple "yes" or a "no" or even a "mind your own fuckin' business and leave me alone!"

"Listen, Dumbo, you know me ... I wouldn't do it if I didn't want to no matter what Rachael said! You're gorgeous and the only reason that someone else hasn't asked you is that those punks in your class lack the balls to step up to the plate! Come on ... it'll be a blast! We'll make it a foursome with Rachael and Gorilla Grodd!" I countered.

She giggled, "Don't let Rachael catch you saying that ... you'll be dead!"

Okay! Now we were making some progress.

"We can watch him make the moves on Rachael! Hey, that's worth the price of admission right there! Come on, what do you say, Kyla ... it'll be the Three Vaqueros all over again and of course, the big monkey?"

The nickname for us came from her mother who was from Spain and had grown up on a horse ranch.

Kyla laughed, "Okay, if you're sure I'm ..."

I cut her off, "Great. I'll come and get you at 6 ... is that okay?"

"Sure. And Luke, thanks!" she said quickly and hung up.

*****

Mom and Rachael spent the rest of the week shopping. All I wanted them to do for me was to buy the corsage for Kyla. What I saw were hundreds of dresses come parading in and just as many going out. I had half a mind to yell: "make up your fuckin' mind already!" but eventually, Rachael did pick a dress and though Dad and I wanted her to model it for us, we were told we had to wait. It was a secret only to be revealed on the big day.

Mom was thrilled that I was taking Kyla and wanted me to rent a tux but that was out of the question – once was enough. I was wearing a jacket and that's as far as I was willing to go. I was going to leave it to James to put on the monkey suit.

On the evening of Prom night, I was in the bathroom, a towel wrapped around my waist, shaving and getting ready when I heard Rachael calling. 

"Luke! Luke, can you help ....please?" she yelled across the narrow hallway that separated our rooms, "Luke!"

I rinsed the foam off my face and sauntered across to her room to see what the frigging emergency was all about. Her door was ajar so I peeked in before entering. Rachael was standing in front of the mirror with the dress on or should I say half on. It was a black, strapless number that clung to her body like a second skin. The back was open all the way down to her coccyx.

"Wow, sis, you look ..." I paused, hands akimbo, at a loss for words, "... damn, girl, you look absolutely stunning!"

And I wasn't lying. She looked breathtakingly beautiful, the color of the dress contrasting with her thick, flaxen hair and those big, blue eyes. She had just the right amount of makeup on and I could see her smile in the mirror, happy with the reaction she had elicited. All that was missing now was a friggin' halo around her head.

"I bet you say that to all the wabbits!" she replied imitating the famous Warner Brothers character.

"No ... no, Rach, you are really beautiful!" I reiterated remaining serious.

"Why, thank you, kind sir and if I may be so bold as to say: you don't look too bad yourself!" she said tongue in cheek and giggled and went back to imitating Bugs Bunny, "Lose the towel, Doc, and it would be poifect!"

I know she's my sister and I may be a tad biased, but Rachael had to be one of the prettiest girls in our town. However, unlike most of the girls her age, she seemed disinterested in her appearance. She rarely wore any lipstick or makeup and went out of her way to down-play her physical attributes. I had gotten used to seeing her lazing around in baggy tee shirts and frumpy-looking trousers. But even the most unflattering haberdashery couldn't hide the changes that had taken place over the last year – the fleshy fullness and sweet, seductive curves that had replaced the skinny legs and flat body of a tomboy.

It was at the local Y when the evidence of her metamorphosis finally struck home. The tribe of troglodytes (my buddies) and I were at the swimming pool when Rachael walked by. No sooner had she settled into one of the lounge chairs than I sensed a shift in the mood. The horseplay and lewd, moronic banter had ceased and I was now surrounded by a bunch of dumbstruck Neanderthals. Believe me, if you knew these clowns you'd know that the only time this happens is when they are checking out a babe or sizing up a prime rib! It was as if they had just seen Bo Derek waving a giant steak at them and she was stark, fuckin' naked! If you don't know who Bo Derek is, Google the movie 10 ... you'll know exactly what I mean!

I could see them undressing Rachael with their eyes.

"Wow, dude! Your sister's changed!" one of the primates managed to croak.

"You had better watch yourself, Dave!" I threatened, "Stop staring and close you fuckin' mouth! That's my sister, you little prick!"

"Yeah, asshole!" one of the others chimed in.

"I'm just saying ... come on, guys, give me a break, she's fuckin' beautiful!" he stuttered and looked around hoping for some support only to be met by indecipherable mutters and grunts.

Some of the guys rolled their eyes and others just looked away. It was an unwritten rule – your friend's sisters were off limits. But I had to admit that she had changed. I'm not sure why I felt badly that my friends were attracted to her but I distinctly remember the feeling. It was the beginning of our "innocence lost". I could never think of her in the same way again. She had ceased to be my kid sister, the annoying little brat who had, at times, made a nuisance of herself, and had become this thing ... this mysterious, alluring being. She had become a woman. I wondered if all brothers go through this or if it was just me.

From that day onwards, I looked at her differently. There was something very sensual about Rachael and I wasn't immune to it. As her brother I thought I should be but I wasn't and that in itself was confusing. But what really bothered me was the shift in the power structure – until then, as the older sibling, I held control but I sensed it slipping away and there was nothing I could do about it. In some quirky, unfathomable way she was now the puppeteer manipulating the strings of our relationship without even knowing it.

"Zip me up," she asked breaking into my reverie.

I stood looking down the yawning V of the dress teased by the glimpse of her black, satin panties and the sensual curve of her ass. I fumbled with the buttons at the bottom, the ones below the zipper, and while pulling the dress together, my fingers brushed against the bare skin. It felt warm and soft and firm and when I made contact with her panties it sent shivers racing down my spine. I wondered if she could sense my excitement.

She moved a little, adjusting her stance trying to make it easier for me. She seemed oblivious to the effect she was having on me as my cock lurched and pushed outwards against the towel. I was eighteen and it really didn't take much to make the little monster raise its angry head. I kept telling myself: 'Hey, she's your sister! Stop that!' but to no avail, 'it' was determined to reach out and touch her!

"Stand still," I mumbled, my voice sounding surprisingly distant and hoarse.

I saw her looking at me in the mirror.

"Are you okay?" she seemed bewildered by my sudden lack of coordination.

"I'm fine! Just stop moving ... shit! This is tight," I muttered as I pulled harder trying to line up the button with the button-hole.

"Do you want me to bend over?" she asked noticing me struggle then added, "It might make it easier."

And before I could reply she leaned forward gripping the sides of the dresser and in doing so, thrust her ass right into me.

What happened next surprised the both of us. We froze. It was a combination of Murphy's Law and the Perfect Storm. Her actions had inadvertently brushed the towel aside and by sheer happenstance, my cock bounced free and nestled in between the shrouded cleft of her ass.

This was awkward. We stood still and then I heard her stifle a groan.

"Ohhh ..."

I studied her reflection in the mirror to gauge her expression, my heart pounding with both excitement and trepidation. There was no way she could have missed what had just happened. I mean, she had to feel my boner wedged in her ass! Would she ignore it or would she think that I was disgusting? What the fuck was going on in her head?

It was hard to tell; her hair cascaded around her shielding most of her face but I could see that she had her eyes closed. Her breathing had definitely quickened but the arcane expression hadn't changed.

I, on the other hand, was lost, gone, devoid of any higher thought. I was driven solely by the urges of my body and had pushed my hands inside her dress grabbing her hips pulling her backwards into me. She offered no resistance, allowing me to manipulate her and in a gesture that can only be construed as quiet submission, she lowered herself further leaning her elbows on the dresser top so that her body was almost parallel to the ground.

This was incredible! Here I was with my cock sticking into my sister's ass and she seemed okay with it. It was now or never. If I was going to do anything at all it would have to be now. So without waiting I reached up under her dress and placed my hand over the gentle swell of her right breast all the while watching her face in the mirror to gauge her reaction. I was certain that at any moment she would come to her senses and recoil in horror or for that matter turn around and attack me. But she did nothing; she remained crouched over, unmoving. With the fear of retribution gone and encouraged by her quiescence, I began my assault on her body.

Her skin was like that of a baby's – so smooth and soft and warm. It was amazing. I began to squeeze and knead her breast and could feel her nipple turning hard and pointed. I kept pinching and pulling on it gently, fondling her without discretion. Her breathing was shallow and ragged interspersed with soft whimpers and I wondered what was going on in her head. Was she really enjoying this or was she just too surprised to do anything? Well, it didn't matter, I was too far gone. I kept squeezing and petting and fondling her, alternating between her breasts while using my left hand to hold her against me.

My cock lay pressed against her round, callipygian behind as I continued to manipulate those soft, spongy mounds of flesh and I had begun thrusting against her simulating the back and forth of a fucking motion. My brain was now in a total fog. The frottage of our bodies was so intensely thrilling that my dick felt like a steel rod, harder than it had ever been before. But as pleasurable as it was, I knew we had to hurry; we didn't have a lot of time and I needed to maximize my advantage; take this to the next level so to speak. If I could only fuck her before we went to the prom it would be perfect!

I moved my hand down her body, along the slope of her lower abdomen and could feel the firm, flat muscles tapering into the valley of her pubis. I ran my fingers down over the front of her panties and began rubbing along the length of her slit. I could feel her tremble and when I found the little pea-shaped nub perched at the summit of her cunt, she let out a soft, distinctive moan - it was more like a cry. But her dress was so tight that I was having a hard time maneuvering my hand to gain full access to her.

"Wait!" She gasped, "Wait, I'll ..." and did something to her dress, tugging at it and wiggling her hips.

I felt it loosen and quickly plunged my hand down, into her panties. The feeling of Rachael's skin against my palm and the silky caress of the satin pressing against the back of my hand were beyond what words could express. It was a combination of the newness of her and the fact that she was my sister that honed the experience to an intense, red-heat. Her skin was warm and smooth and I could feel the muscles quivering under it. Her downy patch of hair was soft and sparse and she was wet, very wet. I ran my fingers along her slit and felt her spreading her legs to allow me better access to her pussy. Her lips were swollen and puffy and when I pressed my fingertips against her clit, she groaned loudly. This was unbelievable! My sister was allowing me to explore her most intimate and forbidden of places! That in itself was a head-trip.

The other aspect of this encounter that buzzed in the back of my mind was just how acutely aware I had become of her. My nostrils were filled with the heady aroma of her smell, a spicy fragrance mingled with her perfume, subtle hints of jasmine and rose, that had me wanting more. My ears were ringing with the sound of her labored breathing and I couldn't take my eyes off her breasts straining against the tenuous embrace of the fabric.

I wet my lips in anticipation. I had to taste her. It was a primal, atavistic drive that had me wanting to suck on her cunt and drown in the nectar that was flowing from her. I kissed the curve of her neck, trailing my tongue down to the small birthmark on her shoulder and thrilled in the flavor of her. I felt her tremble and wanted more – I wanted to possess all of her. I was totally lost in this crazy 'Rachael in fuckin' Wonderland' world!

I kept thrusting involuntarily and felt her brace herself pressing back at me. The feeling was like nothing I had ever felt before; the silky softness of her dress, soaked and slippery with my precum was augmented by the fact that I had my finger buried inside her ... the thought buzzed absurdly in my mind; I was diddling Rachael's pussy; finger fucking my sister! It was driving me insane.

Then somewhere through the somatic fog which had isolated us, I heard sounds of footsteps coming up the stairway. Sounds that got closer and louder by the second.

"Rachael, are you ready, honey?"

It was Mom! The diesel roar of her approach crashed through our miasmic passion startling us into reparative action.

"Oh shit ...!" I gasped and jumped back, reaching for the towel that had made its way to the floor.

And as I was wrapping it around me, Rachael straightened up and turned around. The front of her dress was hanging down exposing her breasts to the nipple while the middle was bunched up around her thighs. She stood there looking at me for a moment, her eyes locked onto mine with her lips slightly parted. What a sight she was - even though we hadn't really fucked, her face had that 'just fucked look'! Then waiting until the very last second, her timing impeccable, she turned and hurried into the adjoining bathroom. The last thing I noticed was the shadow of the stain glistening darkly across the center of her butt.

I had just enough time to sit on the bed and grab a magazine when Mom came in. I was hoping that she wouldn't notice the musky odor that seemed to have permeated the room and that was so obvious to me.

"Why aren't you dressed?" She asked, then looked around, "Where's Rachael?"

Was I imagining it or was there an accusatory tone underlying her questions? It must have been an adjunct to a twisted, mangrove, conscience.

"She's in the bathroom. She wanted me to help her zip up!" I answered trying to act as nonchalant as possible.

She must have suspected something. She assessed the room with the quick, precision typical of parental scrutiny and then studied me for a moment, "I'll help her. You should go and get ready ... James will be here any minute."

I tossed the magazine down and stood up, "Don't worry, Ma, I'll be ready in no time ... knowing Rach, she'll keep Gorilla Grodd waiting for an hour!"

And as I walked out I heard her say, "Be nice to him, Luke, and wear something nice, we'll be taking pictures!"

Photographs! Again! I hated them. Don't ask me why but I always ended up looking like a wooden Indian unlike Rachael and Mom. They were fuckin' photogenic to the max. But, what was really worrisome was the telltale stain of my precum on her dress. How was she going to explain that to Mom? But that was for later. Right now I needed to jerk off before my sperm sack exploded causing internal hemorrhaging!

*****

The evening was weird at best. From the moment we picked Kyla up things took on a surrealistic tone. Mom had bought a beautiful wrist corsage of pink roses and lace for Kyla that had matched her dress perfectly and that's when things began to unravel. After I had tied the flowers to her wrist and she had pinned the boutonnière, a pretty white rose, on my lapel, she tiptoed up and kissed me on the lips! I mean kissed me, not a peck but an 'open mouth, all out, tongue wrestling' kiss! She had never done anything like that before and I could see the astonishment on Rachael's face while I struggled to untangle her tongue from my mouth.

I heard them whispering and then Kyla laughed and said, "I've always wanted to do that!"

I could tell, right away, that Rachael wasn't happy – not one bit. She glared at me and I gave her a helpless shrug like 'what was I supposed to do?'

It only got worse when we got to the Prom. Kyla was certainly in a different mood. One moment she was all over me and acting silly and then she'd flit off to flirt with some other blokes or chat with her friends. Rachael just got quieter as the evening wore on. Not that she was ever the life of the party but I knew her well enough to know that she was in a funk.

James was the only one who was acting normal – which wasn't good. Each time the Grodd made an obscure advance Rachael would squirm and give Kyla and me the 'evil' eye. Granted, it was juvenile but we couldn't help but laugh. He was totally inept when it came to girls but I knew that it was the earlier incident in her room that was messing with Rachael's mood. It had to be. It was messing with mine.

Through the entire evening, my mind was preoccupied with thoughts of what had transpired between us. The feel of her breasts, her silky, soft skin, her ass; the sounds of her breathing ... my cock would twitch in my trousers each time the thought crossed my mind. I was constantly searching her out and would catch her looking at me when she thought I wasn't aware of her.

At one point Kyla looked at us and asked, "Did you guys have a fight or something? What's going on, Rach?"

It was the 'or something' ... definitely the 'or something'! I was curious to hear what my sister had to say.

"Nothing's going on! What's wrong with you? You've been acting strange all evening," Rachael retorted.

"Strange?" Kyla was incredulous, cocking her head like a parrot, "Strange?" she asked again.

"Is there an echo?" Rachael said sarcastically but Kyla ignored the remark.

"Nothing's wrong with me, girl! I'm having fun!" Kyla added and grabbed a hold of my arm leading me towards the dance floor and flung back a parting dig, "You should give it a try!"

And with that I followed her tight little butt onto the dance floor. Rachael was fit to be tied but she sat there quietly, grinding her teeth and glaring at us.

I kept wondering whether Rachael regretted the incident and was having second thoughts or whether she had she wanted it to progress and was jealous that Kyla was all over me. Her expression was an inscrutable mask of indifference at one moment and then cut fierce with anger the next; most of it directed at Kyla.

Brian was there with Mary who looked dazzling in a way a high priced hooker does. She was a pretty little thing with boobs the size of Arkansas Watermelons and a sultry face that provoked lewd and lascivious thoughts. When Brian saw Kyla and Rachael he came over dragging the little doll with him.

"Hi Rachael, you look hot!" He drawled looking her over then added as an afterthought, "You too, Kyla."

He didn't bother to introduce his date, "We're going over to Jason's party ... do you want to come?"

Jason was another jock; rich, arrogant and stupid. His parties were notorious – drugs, sex and rock 'n roll rife with rumors of gangbangs, initiation rituals, orgies and such.

But before they could reply, I stepped in and said, "Mary, Mary, Mary ... when will you ever learn? What are you doing with this clown anyway? You could do better, Mary!"

He hadn't noticed me sitting behind them and couldn't control the surprise on his face. He turned red with anger, the veins popping in his neck, but knew better than to try anything so instead he grabbed little Miss Bo Peep and stormed away. The only thing I noticed was her tits, the way they jiggled ... like extra firm jello! That girl had a pair of knockers that would make the Kardashian sisters look like anorexics on a low glycemic diet.

Kyla laughed, "Brian, come on, don't be like that! He was kidding!"

She elbowed my ribs playfully, "Stop staring! You were kidding, weren't you?"

"No, I wasn't! I'd like to kick his sorry ass if he'd give me the chance! Damn, that gal was stacked! Have you ever seen tits that ...?"

"You're just too much! Don't you guys think of anything else?" she interjected not allowing me to finish.

"Yeah we do. We think of ..." I retorted but she cut me off again.

"Never mind. Let's dance."

We danced and laughed and drew great pleasure in watching Rachael fight off the Grodd taking bets as to exactly when he was going to get slapped. And, Kyla won. Just after the band took a break, James tried to cop a feel and got wacked for his efforts and I do mean whacked! A resounding slap that spun his head sideways! She glared at him and stormed off in the direction of the ladies room.

"I don't know what's wrong with her!" he lamented and sat down next to me rubbing his cheek watching Kyla as she chased after her.

"Give her time, big guy, don't rush her." 

"She won't let me touch her, Luke, I'm in love with her and ..."

I cut him off! Dear Abby I'm not.

"Hey, amigo, I'm her brother! Don't tell me what you do with my sister ... I don't want to go there, you understand? That's too much fuckin' information!"

"Sorry ... I didn't mean ..." he stuttered and had this look, you know, like the one little puppies get.

I actually felt for the bloke.

"Let's forget it, okay ... let's just have some fun!" I replied and wandered off to get a drink.

Later, Kyla plopped herself on my lap. She had been doing shots of tequila diluted with Mountain Dew.

She wrapped her arms around my neck and whispered in my ear, "Do you want to fuck me, Luke?"

"What?" I was shocked but does a dog want a bone?

"I want you to be the one. I want you to take my cherry!" she affirmed, her words slurring slightly, "I've never been with anyone, Luke."

As much as I wanted to get into her panties – I mean the girl was hot – I wasn't going to take advantage of her.

"You're drunk, Kyla, and you'll regret this tomorrow. I don't want you hating me for this!" I replied not feeling half as convinced as I sounded and, as if to prove the point, the little monster reacted, hardening against her ass. Hey, I warned you – it didn't take much!

"Mmmm ... that feels nice. Come on! Let's go somewhere quiet ... please? I want this to be special and not a quickie with some jerk I don't care for sweating over me getting his rocks off! I don't want that to be my first." She said wiggling her butt against my cock, "I want it to be you, Luke. What do you say, vaquero? "

She sucked my earlobe into her mouth and tickled it with her tongue.

"What about Brian? I thought you had a thing for him?" I asked and felt like an idiot as soon as the words were out of my mouth.

What the fuck was I doing? I was talking myself out of this opportunity to nail this beautiful girl.

"I never liked him! I was flattered that he was paying attention to me ... that's all it was, Luke, I promise!"

I couldn't understand this. I had Kyla asking me to fuck her which under normal circumstances would have had us in a motel room in a New York minute. But things weren't normal – not after what had happened between Rachael and me.

"What about them? What about Rachael and James?" I asked, clinging at straws.

"Screw James!" She hissed and laughed at her double entendre then added, "Not literally!"

She giggled and wiggled some more and then kissed me gently before continuing, "I think Rachael wants you to fuck her too!"

Almost instantly, I felt my cheeks sting with the grimy prickle of guilt but I made a quick recovery, "Now I know you're drunk!"

"It's so obvious, Luke, she's has a thing for you!" she retorted and sat up.

"You're nuts! She's my sister!" I defended, faking shock, but my Benedict Arnold cock lurched rebelliously, bouncing against her ass.

For some reason the fact that Kyla acknowledged this was intensely erotic to me.

"Really? I'm nuts? Your sister wants to fuck you and I'm the crazy one!"

"What are you saying? Come on, let's get you sobered up!"

"Don't you ever wonder why she picked James? Huh? Don't you?" She asked sitting up, "She could have just about anybody but she picks this dork!" She looked straight into my eyes, paused and then answered her own question, "It's because he's safe! He doesn't threaten the fantasy of you!"

She grabbed my face holding it in her hands and stared into my eyes, "Listen, Luke, I may be just a little tipsy but that was so I would have the courage to ask you to do me. Rachael is my best friend and girls talk and confide stuff in each other ... things that would blow your mind! So-o-o, about me being crazy, let's not go there! Now what do you say? Do you want to fuck me or not?"

I was dumbfounded and sat there with her nestled on my lap. My mind was spinning with the possibilities. I knew I wanted to fuck her but I wanted to fuck my little sister even more! Could I manage a ménage à trois? That would be something. I held her tightly calculating the odds and trying to figure out what my next step should be when I saw Rachael and James coming towards us.

My sister gave us a disapproving look and then said, "It's late. Let's go home ... I'm not feeling well."

"I told you not to do that stuff," James exclaimed in his usual avuncular tone, "she's been doing tequila shots with those idiots in the corner!"

"Let's get a hotel room ... you can do tequila shots off my belly!" Kyla interjected trying to remain lively.

James looked at her, "Wow! Really?"

He looked at me hoping I would go along with Kyla. The prospect of licking the sweat off Kyla's stomach and throwing back shots of tequila seemed to appeal to him. He had been striking out and this would give him another opportunity to do something ... anything and maybe even make Rachael jealous.

I was still harboring the possibility of a ménage a trois and wondering how we could lose the Grodd when Rachael settled the issue.

"You get a room if you want. I'm going home!" she said with finality that killed any debate at all then added, "Take me home ... James!"

The way she said that sounded so oddly funny that I had to laugh but I was the only one who found any humor in it. James shrugged and followed her as we trudged out towards the parking lot.

"What a party pooper!" was Kyla's weak rejoinder.

*****

When we got to Kyla's place she leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Come on, we can sneak into my room. Mom and Dad are asleep ... James can take Rachael home."

I didn't say anything but walked her to the door and gave her a quick peck on the cheek then stepping back I said, "Get some sleep and if you feel the same way tomorrow, give me a call."

Despite the shadows cavorting across the porch, I could see the disappointment in her face. I felt terrible.

"No. Not tomorrow. This is your last chance, Luke, don't blow it," she said clinging tightly to me, "I am offering you something special and once we do it, I can never give it anyone else! No matter whatever else happens, you will always be my first!"

I pushed her back as gently as I could, "No, not like this, Kyla, I'm not doing it like this." And then I walked away.

"You're such a loser, Luke Meacham! Yeah, go on, run to your little sister ... you're both sick! You hear? Sick, sick, sick!"

There is truth to the adage about a woman scorned. Man, was she pissed! I heard the door slam and felt a pang of regret. What the heck was I doing? Her words kept ringing in my ears – sick, sick, sick ... SICK!

I hurried back to the car and was glad that the driveway was a long one. The last thing I wanted was for James and Rachael to hear that last outburst. How much did Rachael really confide in her? Did she really tell her that she wanted to fuck me? That might explain what had happened earlier. But, what was the context? You don't just come out and tell your best friend that you had a thing for your brother? I felt my cock begin to stir as thoughts of the incident with my sister filled my mind again.

We lived just a few houses down the street and drove the rest of the way in silence, each of us lost in our own thoughts. Rachael was staring out the window so I could only discern a partial profile from the rear. Her face was set and unsmiling and wondered again what she might be thinking. I knew what James was thinking and there was a part of me that was actually feeling sorry for him. I doubt that anything would ever happen between Rachael and him and wished there was a way I could break that to him. He was wasting his time and would be better off trying to win over someone else.

James eased up to our garage and as Rachael was about to get out, he grabbed her arm, "Stay for a moment, Rachael, I need to talk to you."

She wrestled her arm free and said, "Not tonight, James, I'm really not in the mood."

"You're never in the mood ..." he grumbled pouting like a child.

If looks could kill he'd be pushing up daisies. She glared at him, took a few steps and stumbled awkwardly, grabbing a hold of my arm to steady herself and then leaned into me.

"Hey! Easy girl, easy ... I've got you." I said, holding her to me. I waved back at the Grodd, "She'll call you tomorrow. Thanks for the ride."

I heard him muttering under his breath as he backed out of the driveway.

We watched the taillights disappear and then walked up the stairs with Rachael hanging on to me, her arms wrapped around my waist. I had to half carry her and it wasn't easy; Rachael's a big girl but we finally made it without waking Mom and Dad.

"I think he was expecting a kiss ... or something," I said but she didn't reply.

When we got to her room she leaned against the doorway and asked, "What did Kyla say to you, Luke?"

I could smell the tequila on her breath along with the scent of her and it was turning me on.

"Nothing! She said nothing, really ... she was drunk," I lied.

"You're lying, Luke Meacham, I can tell ..." she stopped, waved her index finger at me and shook her head. Her words were still a bit slurred.

Here we go again. Luke Meacham? What the fuck was with that anyway?

"She's had a thing for you," she continued, "I knew that! But I know she told you some other stuff; secrets that she's sworn to keep. I just know it!"

"She didn't say anything. You're drunk too! How many shots did you do?"

"Too many!"

"What's gotten into you, Rach?"

"Funny you should ask," she slurred. "You see, doc, I have this problem ..."

She stopped, her eyes glazed over and she took an unsteady step towards me and then fell into my arms.

"I guess I need some help, bro ... I feel horrible!" she whispered.

I helped her to the side of the bed and eased her down in a sitting position before laying her back onto the pillow with her feet dangling off the edge. I took off her high-heels and when I grabbed her ankles to pull her onto the bed, the front of her dress fell away at the side-slit exposing her thigh midway to her hip. God, she was beautiful. She had closed her eyes and was either asleep or in the process of passing out. She looked so innocent and angelic that I sat by her and stroked her hair hating myself for thinking of fucking her. I had to stop this. This was my baby sister and I needed to control myself before it got out of hand.

After a while, tormented by the phantoms of guilt, I managed to overcome the destitute longings of my body. I dimmed the lights and went back to my room fighting the tortured need for her while being governed by the compulsion to adhere to some societal norm that dictated the nature of sibling relationships, that they must be platonic. It was an antiquated, pseudo-sacrosanct precept that had somehow made an impression on me.

I kept debating whether I should go back and get her out of her dress or just jerk off in the shower and sleep this off. I even considered jerking off on her but shook the notion as soon as it cropped up. I mean, it is her special dress and it would be a shame to have it ruined with semen stains! I argued the pros and the cons as I changed and by the time I had finished with the shower, I had jerked off and the edge to my passion was gone. My conscience had doused the smoldering embers of my desire.

I was relieved that I hadn't done something I might have regretted and fell into a restless slumber with thoughts of Kyla and Rachael still waltzing in my head. Sick, sick, sick ...

*****

A few hours later, I felt her presence even before she touched me. It was a premonition more than an actual sensation; a prescience that resides somewhere between sleep and reality.

"Luke ... are you awake? Luke ..." She whispered, shaking me by my shoulder.

"What ... what's the matter, Rach?" I asked blinking the sleep from my eyes and propping myself up.

I could see the hazy silhouette of her face, her eyes staring at me, glistening translucently in the darkness.

"I can't sleep. Help me get this off," she said and turned her back to me.

I sat up on the side of the bed with her standing between my knees facing away. It should have proved to be more of a challenge considering that I couldn't get it zipped during the day but by the inexplicable vagaries of chance, and despite the hypnagogic stupor, I managed to get the zipper and buttons undone almost effortlessly.

In the tawny under-glow of the nightlight I watched as she pushed the dress down, shimmying and wiggling her hips, until the dress slid to the floor. Her body gleamed auriferous, naked but for the dark outline of her tiny panties, an Aphrodite reincarnated from a different time.

She kicked the dress aside and slid into bed next to me.

"Move over," she whispered and got under the covers.

It had been quite a few years since we shared a bed. The last time was when we were kids and I remembered it well. She had been frightened by the thunder and lightning one night and had crawled in beside me without saying a word. We had slept spooned together and even then, I had loved the feel and smell of her. But that was a long time ago, long before our hormones had changed the nexus of our relationship and before she knew what a hardon was.

The bed groaned with the added weight as she settled in next to me, her body pressing in places against mine while the suffocating balloon of desire crept through me making my cock twitch and jump grazing her thigh through the flimsy material of my pajamas. My sleep addled brain was racing, trying to comprehend the implications of what was happening, when I felt her breath, hot and humid, as her mouth searched for mine. Her arms and legs wrapped gently around me but it was only when her tongue snaked into my mouth that I reacted. The levy of emotions had finally breached, creating a physical tidal wave that crashed down washing away any semblance of filial restraint.

I turned her over so she was under me and kissed her hard, sucking on her, our tongues wrestling and swirling in quiet desperation. I felt her moan and gasp into my mouth as my hands toyed with her breasts, rolling her nipples between my forefinger and thumb, pulling and pinching and squeezing, thrilling in the spongy fullness of her. Our bodies were entangled in a mess of hands and arms and thighs and feet and legs; skins fused together by the coagulating liquids of our lust. We were seeking pleasure, drawing it from each other; shamelessly and without the preoccupation of guilt. And as we continued to kiss, I could feel my sister's hips pushing into me while her fingers dug into my back. There was an urgency to her that was unlike anything I had ever experienced.

The wet, sucking of our mouths and the ragged breathing, heavy and interrupted by the cadence of heartbeats created a sensual sonnet that reverberated loudly filling the quietness of the room. I was leaning over her, pushing gently on her hips so that she was lying on her back. I traced the contours of her body, trailing down her sides to the lower slope of her abdomen, maneuvering under the lace covered band and into her panties. She spread her thighs invitingly, welcoming the invading hand that was exploring the triangle of her sex; relentless fingers searching for the kernel of pleasure at the apex of her slit. She had hardened imperceptibly while I pressed my fingertips against it, wiggling them in small circles then stroking the length of her slippery gash. I kissed her again, my tongue gliding along the roof of her mouth, probing the soft, pink sides of her cheeks, so smooth and wet and moistly reminiscent of the tender flesh buried between her thighs.

She moaned, humping back at the fingers stroking her cunt, her hips gyrating to some primal rhythm emanating from deep inside her. I had worked my way between her legs, tugging at her panties, while she raised her hips to help me slide them off of her. And when I had peeled them off I noticed the dark stain across the narrow bridge of the crotch - it was soaked through with her juices. And then there was that smell again. I was being driven mad with desire by her fragrance ... a musty odor concocted by nature to drive men crazy! There was an aching need that stemmed from the pit of my stomach that was beyond comprehension. A need that couldn't be denied - I just had to have her and it was of no consequence that she was my sister.

My cock was throbbing, sliding against the soft cotton of my pajamas, leaking and leaving wet, sticky trails on the inside as I pulled them off, throwing them to the side next to her dress. Our clothes lay tangled in a symbolic heap with mine on top of hers.

I had never seen anything quite as erotic or desirable as Rachael laying on my bed with her legs spread apart, an antipodal look of shy nervousness and wanton desire etched on her face. At that moment she was a slut and an angel, a succulent, wretched whore wanting to be fucked, a goddess of sensual desire so far morphed from the innocent, naïve girl who was my sister that I could hardly recognize her.

I knelt between her legs and then gently lowered myself onto her, reveling in the complete essence of her. And, as my body covered hers, she squirmed adjusting to the contours and the weight pressing on top of her, transmuting the feelings of warmth and softness that made her feel so incredibly delicate under me. I could feel the tender mounds of her breasts, her nipples, hard and pointy, the pounding of her heart against my chest, her breath, ragged and icy hot against my cheek. I ran my hands down the sides of her body, along her thighs pulling them up towards my waist aware of all the subtle textures of her, so firm and soft and pliable - tactile contradictions that seemed to exist all at once. I felt the velvety tickle of her pubic hair on the underside of my penis and the softness of her inner thighs pressing naked against my hips. I was quickly reaching that point of hyper-sensory perspicuity where every aspect of her was clearly defined and yet separate, merged together in some erotic concoction.

Rachael was panting in my ear, kissing my cheeks and running her hands up and down my back, caressing me one moment and digging her nails into me the next. And when I looked into her eyes, those simmering pools of lapis, they were filled with excitement and love and expectation ... and though there was a voice in the back of my head telling me to stop, that I was about to ravish my own sister, there was no way to derail what was destined to happen. At that moment I wanted her more than anything I've ever wanted and I knew she wanted this too; it was in her eyes and in the expression on her face - she wanted this in the worst possible way.

I'm not sure what makes a brother and sister desire each other. Could it be just the phase in our lives where the hormonal drive makes us ultra-libidinous? Or was it the convenience of familiarity and proximity? Or, was there something more? But no matter what it was that made us want each other, there was a sliver of atonement for me knowing that she had initiated this encounter; an appeasing of a troubled conscience that allowed me to push back any doubts I may have felt. I was content in the knowledge that this was a mutual seduction.

I kissed her again, this time, tenderly and without the urgency of our earlier kisses; enjoying the feel of the soft fullness of her lips. Her eyes were closed as she opened her mouth to me kissing me back like I had never been kissed before. I wondered where she had learned to kiss like this, whether it was James or some instinctive response embossed on her female DNA but the sensations of her tongue exploring my mouth were mind-blowing. We were joined in a state of magical bliss, sucking and tasting and sliding our tongues against the others. And then, without breaking the kiss, her hand wormed down between us, guiding my cock into the mouth of her steaming orifice. I felt her searching for her opening, so slickly moist and hot that I felt the wet warmth spreading across the domed head of my cock. Her hips wiggled under me and almost immediately I felt her stretch and the bloated tip slipped into her. 

She moaned into my mouth pressing her hips upwards against me. I could feel her fingers digging into my back as we lay still basking in the thrill of penetration, her pussy gulping at my cockhead, squeezing me with her cuntal muscles. I couldn't believe how hot she was; how hot and slippery and tight, or the extraordinary feeling of her vulva sucking me into her.

I pushed in gently, acutely aware of the smallness of her vaginal passage, and not wanting to hurt her. She felt inordinately tight for a big girl but the slickness of our juices allowed me to slide in, a little bit at a time, until I was halfway into her. I stopped waiting for her to adjust to fleshy hardness tearing at her virginal canal.

"More ... don't stop, baby, keep going," she whispered her breath scorching against my ear.

I pushed harder and felt Rachael tense under me as my cock ploughed into her, spreading her open. She let out a muffled cry and then sucked passionately on my tongue. I had deflowered my sister and for reasons I still cannot fathom, I felt an overwhelming sense of satisfaction. I could feel the steely hardness of my cock throbbing inside her and her muscles clamping around me, milking me into the irriguous cauldron of her virginal hole.

I pulled back out, pausing for a moment, and then plunged in with greater force and felt her opening up, a lotus with petals unfolding, until I was buried all the way to the pubic bone. I was now inside her, completely, with the tip of my penis pulsing at the entrance of her uterus. It felt so incredibly intense that I wanted this feeling to last forever, to never end. She was hot and slippery and so exquisitely tight that I knew we were meant for each other; that our bodies were matched perfectly. The fleshy, turgid rod of my passion was predestined to be buried inside her cunt and this moment had been ordained the day she was born.

We lay holding each other, whispering sweet-nothings, promising eternal love and exchanging deep, soulful kisses. I could feel my dick twitching inside her belly singularly aware of the tightness of her and the sensation of her cunt as it constricted around me, squeezing my shaft with her velvety, slick muscles and draining me into her. There is no way for me to explain the feelings that were coursing through me, especially this incredible sensation of being totally and completely fused to my sister. We had coalesced without boundary; merging together like threads of wispy smoke, joined at the mouth and at our sex in a perpetual conduit of passion where our bodies felt like one. It was unclear where she began or where I ended leaving only a sweaty, woven synthesis of us.

Rachael whispered in my ear, "Fuck me ... please, baby, just fuck me!"

She spread her legs wider; raising her knees to brace for support and began thrusting her hips upwards against me. I could feel her crotch pressing into mine, the hardness of her pubis pushing against my own. She was holding me by my haunches pulling me into her so that my cock sank even deeper into her belly. I growled into her mouth and began fucking her. I started slowly, sawing in and out of her delicate, little hole being as careful as I could so as not to hurt her.

At first my sister was still, her thighs squeezing thickly against my sides, her arms wrapped around me, moaning in time to my thrusts but gradually I felt a change, I felt her body undulating, her hips moving up and down in a synchronized concert. She was matching me, stroke for stroke, thrust for thrust until our bodies were slapping against each other. And soon we were fucking in earnest with a fervor that was nasty and hot, making animal sex in the middle of my bed. I could feel her pussy juices leaking out from her, running down the crack of her butt, wetting the sheets under us.

Every stroke sent jolts of pleasure emanating from the ridge of my glans, racing down my shaft through the network of nerves until they synapsed in my brain, flooding me with sexual opiate. I could feel my cum churning at the base of my root, within the depths of my balls as the tingling sensations at my cockhead intensified. I was nearing the edge of the precipice, heading towards the point of no return. I knew that Rachael was experiencing the same incredible things that I was. She was moaning through her nose, sucking my mouth with avid ferocity, bucking her hips under me as hard as I was thrusting into her. I knew that she had already climaxed a few times by the way her body had tensed and quivered to the accompanying urgency of her whimpers and moans. I had felt her cunt pulsing rapidly before going all wet, her pussy juices gushing all over me while her legs trembled and twitched. Her back would arch and she would stiffen, then a few more spastic jerks and her body would go limp. She would lie languidly kissing me while I continued to pound into her. Then slowly she would resuscitate herself, work her way back up pulling me into her, fucking me back again. And now as I drew near to my own orgasm, she was on the threshold of another.

I felt her body racing towards the pinnacle and heard her whisper into my ear, "Fuck me, baby, fuck me ... fuck your sister ... harder, Luke, harder ... oh, please ... oh God ... what is happening to me?"

That did it. I tumbled, freefalling in the most intense of orgasms, shooting stringy ropes of my incestuous juices into my baby sister.

I could feel my cock expand and contract, spitting my sperm deep into her belly and with each pearly spasm, the whispers of my conscience that had hummed in the back of my mind now turned into choleric shouts of alarm: she could get pregnant; you could father your own nephew. What would Mom and Dad say?

But I couldn't pull out of her. I just kept pumping into her long after I had spewed it all and had been sucked dry by her hungry, convulsing cunt. Surprisingly my cock remained hard for a lot longer than I had expected until finally I lay on top of her sweaty and spent. We lay unmoving until my penis softened and eased out of her vagina, freeing itself with a slippery, whispered plop.

After a while, I rolled off of her, filled with remorse at the sight of my cum glistening in her ravaged hole. I had just deflowered my sister. I had committed incest with her and should have known better. What was even more perplexing to me was how I could have wanted her so much one moment and then want her to be gone the next: gone as far from me as possible.

"You had better go ..." I said, "Mom might make the rounds ... you know how she is!"

It was weak and her face reflected the hurt but she didn't argue. It's possible she was feeling the same remorse as I was but I doubt it. She picked up her panties and her dress and walked away leaving me to struggle with the demons that weaved around the bloody stain on my sheets, the symbolic wound signifying that I would forever be her first.

I was riddled by regret and guilt and to some extent, a sense of revulsion, not for her but for what I had done to her. I had shred the forbidden serape and laid bare the rawness of our intimacy, steeped in dogma that had opened my eyes to a new awareness akin to a subliminal realization – it was as though every aspect of our union was now colored in doubt. I felt like I had lost my sister forever. I mean, how could she be a sister to me, after I had just fucked her?

I lay in bed tossing and turning avoiding the dampness of our indiscretion and wondering how I was going to face her tomorrow.

*****

Hunlen Falls – back to the present

He watched them through the brush, camouflaged and silent, moving with leopard stealth as he sized up his prey. He kept his eyes on the tall, blond girl at point ignoring the man who was a few steps behind her. He liked her assured stride and the languid ease of her movements. He watched her for a while before transferring his attention to the two women in the rear making mental notes as he studied them. Pretty girls in a row ... just the kind he was looking for.

Josh Woodard was emotionless. These were intruders on his territory. He had lived off the land, undetected, for years. It had been ten long years since his escape from the madness that was Afghanistan. He had returned filled with disillusionment and antipathy that had boiled deep within him and still remained dormant ready to be ignited. After an intense stint with the reconnaissance team, made-up of the best that the Special Forces had to offer, he never went back. Most of his friends had died there and with them, his sense of duty. He went AWOL and then contrary to his psychological profile, he disappeared. They tried to find him but it was tantamount to chasing the elusive Northern winds that blew down from Canada. He had submerged himself in the hills of the Adirondacks and had slowly made his way into Canada, crossing the border with the animals that held no regard for manmade boundaries. He wandered across the vast expanse, hopping trains and thumbing rides until he had reached his secluded haven in the Rainbow Mountains.

Like all predators he was opportunistic. He had noticed them while tracking a deer he had shot with his bow. As soon as he saw the women he forgot about the wounded stag. His innate predilection for blondes had him eying Rachael and then Kyla but his analytical mind warned him of the danger; both were big girls who were physically fit and capable of extreme resistance. Susan was smaller, softer and less likely to create problems and made for an easier target. He discounted Andy without a second thought – he knew he could take him out in a heartbeat. He had been tracking them for over a day now and was waiting for the right moment to strike and tonight, after they turned in, he would take the small one. He needed a woman. His mind wandered back to Dora Mayer, that dark, buxom climber he had lured into his cabin ...

*****

"What are you looking at, Rachael?" Susan asked as she poured more coffee into her cup, "That's the second time now ... you're making me nervous."

"I get this uneasy feeling that we are being watched!" Rachael answered as she continued to scrutinize the outlying bushes and trees.

"I hope it's not a bear." Andy mused, taking a few steps towards where Rachael was standing near the periphery of the small clearing.

They had set-up camp off of an old unused path that cut into the heavy woods just northwest of Hunlen Falls. They had a campfire going and just finished a cold dinner of protein bars and fruit so as to avoid cooking. The smell of food was the number one reason for bear attacks.

"I don't think it's a bear. He would have charged us by now if he was hungry. Keep your Bear Repellant spray ready ... just in case," Rachael cautioned.

"You think it's those creepy guys?" Kyla asked joining her.

They had passed a group of trekkers earlier in the day and some of the men had made lewd remarks. There was one tall man in particular that Kyla recalled; he had a look in his eyes that was definitely scary.

Rachael remained quiet trying to pick out the shapes from the shadows buried in the tremulous leaves, telling herself not to let her mind play tricks. She hated those who saw ghosts in everything but at the same time she had to be careful. Luke, Luke, where are you, baby? His voice came back to her: see only what you can identify and don't let your imagination get the better of you. That was easier said than done.

"Creepy!" Susan said, "Hey, it's like those horror movies where college kids get eaten by those crazy, inbred cannibals living in the hills!"

"Not funny!" Rachael responded but they all laughed.

"I guess I'm letting things get to me! I wish Luke was here ..." Rachael said softly to Kyla.

"Maybe it is Luke," Kyla offered, "he does have a sick sense of humor!"

"No, it's not him. I just have this strange feeling ... damn! I wish he'd hurry up and get here already!"

"Hey! What does that mean? What about me? I'm a real badass when I want to be!" Andy said with playful affectation, "I'll take care of you girls ... don't you worry!"

He pulled up the sleeves of his t-shirt and struck a pose like the bodybuilders on Muscle Beach then jumped up and landed in a Karate stance.

He stood still, eyes focused before moving very slowly in a fake kata. He burst into action throwing kicks and punches in the air screaming "Eeeya ... Hai, Hai, Hai!"

Then spinning and facing them, he said with a pronounced accent, "You likee thees... me takee good care of you! Chop, chop!"

"Bruce Lee you're not!" Kyla said laughing despite herself.

"Don't listen to them, honey, you can take care of me anytime!" Susan added between peals of laughter.

She went over and tackled him and the two of them fell to the ground and rolled over together.

"You're silly!" she said kissing his cheek.

Just then there was a rustling in the bushes to their right and everything stopped. Andy and Sue sat up and Kyla took a step towards the noise.

Rachael used her flashlight to scour the brush and the trees but there was nothing. They stood staring at the bushes trembling in the light breeze.

"Must have been the wind ..." Andy offered.

"It sounded more like a small animal ... maybe a woodchuck or a squirrel." Kyla said and walked back.

"Must have been a squirrel," Andy said. "Those damn, pesky, little critters!"

"Yeah ... must be some animal." Rachael said and turned back towards the campfire.

Kyla followed her, "Let's get some sleep ... we have a long day tomorrow."

She turned towards Andy and Sue and added, "Try and keep it down, okay? Unless, of course, you want me to come in there and join you!"

"Ooooh, that be soooooo nice ... likee me a Shanghai sandwich!" Andy said hugging Susan tightly to him.

Rachael could hear their playful banter but she couldn't shake the gnawing feeling about the 'thing' in the shadows. It wasn't the breeze and unless that squirrel was 150 pounds it wasn't a rodent either. She felt for her pepper spray finding some comfort in its cold, metallic presence.

*****

The Laughing Bear

I would catch up to them, I was sure of that but right now, I needed a hot shower and something to eat – I was starving.

The large wooden sign on the façade is the first thing that catches your attention when you pull into the driveway. It had a 3D image of a smiling bear hand carved into the wood that literally jumped out at you. Under this, was engraved: "The Smiling Bear Lodge". The rest was painted in old English script -

A Christian Establishment since 1886

We Believe in Jesus and Prayer

No Shirt, No Shoes – No Service, No exceptions

Owned & Managed by Sarah & Jacob Westbridge

I smiled, appreciating the sentiment, and walked into the lobby. It was small, rectangular room that was meticulously neat and filled with the married aroma of wild flowers. The gray slate floor looked like it had just been scrubbed and behind the wide, teak counter was another sign that promised clean linens, towels and a complimentary breakfast of Eggs and Sourdough Pancakes. Under that was a blackboard with the daily rates for a single room. In the corner across from the counter was a leather sofa, creased and worn with age, and next to it was an antique faience lamp that sat on a mahogany side table.

On the counter was a brass desk-bell, its dome covered in intricate leaf patterns, and next to it was a plain, glass vase filled with fresh flowers – yellow daffodils and lilacs. I rang the bell and waited. There seemed to be no sign of life so after an appropriate interval, I tapped the button on top twice in quick succession and wandered over to the French window on the adjacent wall. It offered a panoramic view of the mountains, the intense hues of color breaking through the morning's hazy mist. The heavy mineralization caused by years of volcanic activity had created a wide spectrum of colors which explained why the first settlers gave it its name, Rainbow Mountains. It was absolutely beautiful and I could feel the adrenalin and the excitement begin to build in anticipation – this was going to be fun. Three weeks of nothing but the pristine outdoors and ... the possibility of Rachael. I wondered if we could rekindle what had happened so long ago. But no matter what, this was paradise!

I heard the soft patter of feet and turned back to the counter in time to see a small woman with white hair part the curtains and come through the connecting door. Sarah Westbridge must have been in her mid to late-sixties. She straightened her dress and pushed back a strand of hair that had fallen across her face. Her mannerisms were quick and purposeful, reminding me of a little bird.

"I'm sorry ... I was in the kitchen." She said without preamble and then added, "How can I help you?"

She examined me carefully, taking in the bruises and the grungy appearance, her demeanor turning austere and unfriendly. But I wasn't fazed – I would win her over with the famous Meacham charm.

"Hi! You should have a room for me – my name's Luke Meacham." I said, flashing a wide smile and hoping to break the ice, "My sister, Rachael, and a few friends had stayed here."

"Oh yes, the pretty, blond girl ..." her face lit up for a second, "she had mentioned that you would be here soon."

She continued to look me over then observed rather dourly, "You don't look anything like her."

"Same mother," I joked.

I had heard this all my life. My sister looked like Dad's side and I looked like Mom's – a lot more Eurasian. My father was Welsh and my mother, part Indian. You couldn't ask for a stranger mix.

She gave me a humorless glare so I quickly added, "I'm kidding. My grandmother was Iroquois Indian. I was the lucky one; I got the looks!"

She looked at me ruefully then snorted, "Rubbish!" and then adjudicated with finality, "Your sister got the looks, in fact, she is downright beautiful! The girl should have been a model."

I couldn't argue the point. The looks in the family belonged to my sister, hands down. Not that I was an Alfred E. Neuman lookalike but I wasn't going to win any beauty contests not with Rachael around.

I watched her study the screen reading under her breath.

"They left... umm, let me see here... ah yes, here it is, they left two days ago." She uttered, almost triumphantly, happy to have found what she had been looking for.

She continued to study the screen, maneuvering the mouse and clicking erratically, muttering to herself. I could feel her frustration building as she went from page to page unable to locate my reservation.

"Rachael sent me a text message confirming my reservation," I offered, "I don't think there was a confirmation number though."

"I'm trying to find your reservation, I know it's here somewhere ..." she grumbled with obvious irritation, "I hate these things. The books were so much easier! I'm going to call Ellen."

She picked up the phone and spoke briefly into it then got up from behind the computer and looked at me, tilting her head so she could see over the top of her reading glasses. The round, silver frames made her look even more like a bird – like Tweety Bird!

"Whatever happened to you?" she quizzed, taking off her glasses.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean your face ... were you in a fight? We don't look favorably on hooligans!"

Hooligans? But before I could answer a younger woman, dressed in jeans and a white, crocheted pullover came in. She too was small and petite and except that her dark hair was bobbed short, the resemblance was uncanny - she was obviously the daughter.

"Hi, I'm Ellen," she said and smiled brightly, showing off small, perfectly even teeth, then turning to the older woman, "I'll take care of it, Ma. You go on in ... they need you in the back."

"You behave yourself, young man, we don't tolerate fighting here. Do you understand?" She asked sternly. 

"Yes, ma'am! No fighting, I promise." I assured her as she disappeared behind the curtains.

"Is she giving you a hard time? My mom's bark is worse than her bite!" Ellen offered and then asked, "What happened?"

"Nothing ... nothing really. Some of the boys at the Lucky 8 didn't take too kindly to my being there."

She made a face and then said, "They get a bit wild on the weekends. Was it Ricky? He gets mean when he drinks. They are really not a bad bunch. We know most of them ..."

My head was still hurting and I didn't like being ambushed but I wasn't going to argue the point, "I'm sure they are very nice – they just have a strange way of showing it!"

She smiled, giving me a commiserating look, and finished checking me in then handed me a heavy brass key-tag with the room number stamped on it and a set of old fashioned keys. I liked the fact that the keys were the real kind, not the ubiquitous electronic cards that seemed to have taken over the universe. These were in keeping with the ambience of the place and instilled a sense of provincial realness.

"The larger key, the brass colored one, is for the door and the smaller silver key opens the safe deposit box. Your room is to the right when you go out," she said, pointing to the front door and indicating eastwards, "Breakfast is from 6:30 AM to 10:00 AM. The dining room is on the other side," she turned pointing south and a little behind her, "and we have coffee all day. It's in the kitchen ... you can come in through the back."

"Thanks."

I picked up my duffle and backpack and was about to head out when she said, "This is not the best time to be hiking up there ... the bears are out and if you don't know how to deal with them it can be dangerous."

I would have left without saying anything but I liked her and after last night's experience, I could use a friend here.

I turned and smiled at her, "We were up in Alaska last year ... on Kodiak Island. There were more bears than people! Rachael can take care of herself."

She gave me a condescending look like I was a bumbling idiot and didn't know what I was up against, "These are grizzlies!"

"The Kodiak bears are grizzlies' too ... big, nasty fellas!" I retorted, "Listen, I appreciate the warning, Ellen, but trust me, we'll be fine."

"Okay ... it's just that when a tourist gets mauled by a bear, business goes to hell! And we all depend on the tourist trade. A few years ago a girl went missing and we came close to shutting this place down!"

"Believe me, I understand and we'll be careful." I reassured her, "Did they ever find her, the girl, I mean?"

"No, there was no sign of her. I remember watching the news every morning, hoping that they would find her. The media covered her like she was a celebrity ... I knew all there was to know about Dora Mayer. She was an experienced climber from England working for some investment group ... a beautiful black girl."

She paused then continued, "The sheriff and the forest rangers wanted to make sure they did everything to find her but when there was no sign of her after a week, the interest died down and then there was no more mention of Dora."

"That's comforting!"

"The rangers kept looking ... long after the story was not headline news. I know that Sheriff Morgan still goes up there looking, hoping to find her remains ... to bring closure for her family."

"Wow!" I exclaimed wondering what the family must be going through.

"That's what I mean ... you really should go with an experienced group or take a guide," she said, her concern obvious in her voice.

"We'll be careful, Ellen, trust me..." I reiterated and then asked, "Do you know a Daniel Benn?"

She looked up at me and smiled.

"Everyone knows Danny! He's sort of a legend in these parts and he would be the best person to talk to. Go down a mile or so on the main road," she said, pointing eastwards and sounding relieved, "and you'll see a white building on your left, Benn's Hardware. You can't miss it. Danny could tell you everything you need to know about these mountains – he knows every trail like the back of his hand."

A legend? Nice.

"Much obliged!"

"I'm not sure if Danny is free but taking him along would be a real smart thing," she persisted.

I smiled and gave her a friendly wave and left. Inexplicably, my headache felt much better so I decided to give the famous Daniel Benn a visit after a hot shower ... I felt grungy like a longshoreman at the end of a long day.

*****

Benn's Hardware & Goods Store

I stood outside on the gravel driveway and studied the building. Log houses and cabins were an interest of mine and this one was a beauty. It was large structure made from aged Western Red Cedar and must have been somebody's home before it had been converted into a store. The pitched, multi-leveled slate roof and large windows indicated that this was custom built in the early to mid-1900s. The white paint on the main façade was peeling in places but other than that it was well maintained. There was a large, black sign-board with bold, gold lettering announcing its name and just under it was the door with a small Signum bell that rang with rural hospitality whether you were going in or coming out and a brass kick-plate on the bottom that had seen better days.

I walked in to the tinny clatter of the bell that echoed through the high arching interior. Some of the walls on the inside had been knocked down to provide for racks and shelving but the skylights and high ceilings gave it a light and airy ambience and despite the changes it had managed to cling to its rustic character. There were two other shoppers burrowing through wooden bins filled with Sale items but other than that the place was empty.

"Hello, can I help you?"

It was a rich, feminine voice and belonged to a large, big-boned woman who was in her early thirties and was almost as tall as me. She had dark, auburn hair and sea green eyes and a plump, pleasant face. She was wearing a loose blouse and country skirt that came halfway down to her calves.

"Hi," I replied smiling, "I am looking for Daniel Benn ... I was told I could find him here."

"Danny's in the back ... we're expecting our winter stock. Maybe I can help you? I'm Laura, Danny's sister."

I fished out the crumpled bill from my pocket and handed it to her and said, "I'm here to square up."

She studied the piece of paper straightening out the edges when I heard heavy footsteps.

"Well, well, well ... if it isn't the feisty, little bugger himself!"

It was a loud, booming voice that reverberated from the back and fit the giant that ambled in after it. He was the second largest man I'd ever seen. I wondered what they were feeding these boys here because this guy was almost as enormous as the Klondike gorilla I had taken on.

"Do you two know each other?" the woman asked, looking surprised.

"We've met ... well, sort of. Mr. Meacham here stopped by at the Lucky 8 last night," he turned to me and said, "I took the liberty to check your wallet while you were snoozing."

"Oh boy!" was all the woman said handing the bill over to her brother then shaking her head and smiling she walked back behind the counter.

Man, he was big. Even crouched and leaning back he towered over me. His eyes were a brilliant green and his hair was thick and curly, the color of burnished copper, like his sister's but unlike her soft features, his face was chiseled, seemingly cut from stone. There was soft stubble on his chin that hid a scar that ran down from his lip. His shoulders were wide and thick and the black leather belt pulled tightly over a slim, flat waistline. His legs were like redwoods, long and powerful. Images of Paul Bunyan came to mind and I half expected a blue bull to come trampling in.

"You don't look the worse for wear!" He said nonchalantly, leaning against the wall with his hands shoved into the pockets of his Dickies and a smile playing on his lips.

"Yeah, sure ... if it wasn't for some rat-faced Cannuck with the balls of a badger I wouldn't have to be here today!" I said still scathing from the cheap-shot.

"Now, now ... we couldn't have some little ferret from the wrong side of the border take out Big John, could we? I mean, what would people think?"

"That you fuckers can't fight?" I offered without hesitating.

He let out a roar, a bellowing laugh that rumbled from his belly, his eyes crinkling up and stuck out his hand, "Daniel Benn! Danny to my friends."

I shook his hand and felt the strength of a working man. He squeezed, vice like, and I squeezed back. We stood testing our grips like two thirteen-year-olds in a schoolyard. I could feel my knuckles begin to grind. This was silly, fucking juvenile and I had to do something before he crushed my hand.

"Hey, why don't we just cut the bull and whip it out and see whose is bigger?" I said sarcastically.

He laughed again, loud and unrepressed. Then slapping me on my shoulder, "That's great! I like you, Luke ... I don't know ya but I like ya! Come on, let's go get some breakfast – your buying. We can call it quits," he crumpled up the bill and tossed it into the garbage bin and continued, "I know this place that serves up the best damn flapjacks!"

He lead the way towards the door then turned, winked and added, "And, the prettiest waitress in all of North America!"

Something told me that I would be coughing up more for this tab than a dinner at Le Perroquet.

*****

The camp - Dangerous Shadows

The evening had turned suddenly colder at the fading of twilight. There was a piercing nip to the mountain air that cut through pullovers and coats chilling the body to the bone and forcing the hikers into the sanctuary of their tents. Through the translucent fabric you could see the puppet shadows dancing in distorted sequences while they readied themselves for bed – Andy and Susan in one tent and Kyla and Rachael in the other.

"There was someone or something out there wasn't there?" Kyla asked snuggled up in the warmth of her sleeping bag, "I know there was. It felt like we were being watched."

There was just enough room in the tent for the two sleeping bags, the heater, a Coleman's ProCat and the small, solar night lamp that stood in the aisle in between them.

"I'm not sure ... there could've been. It certainly wasn't a bear or a squirrel." Rachael replied hunched over the ProCat adjusting the flame, "Can you feel the heat? I'm going to turn off the fan ... I don't want to drain the batteries."

"Yeah, that's fine," Kyla replied then added, "If it's those assholes we passed earlier, I've got my knife and the pepper spray so ..." Kyla said softly.

"You full of piss and vinegar aren't you? Don't worry, it's probably nothing ..." Rachael answered trying to sound reassuring and pulled the blanket around her shifting in the confined tightness of the sleeping bag, trying to get comfortable.

They were quiet, lying still listening to the night sounds of the wilderness. There was a certain comfort to be found in the chirring resonance of the crickets and cicada that hummed to the plaintive howling of a distant wolf. It was nature's symphony stirred by sudden gusts of wind that shed, in its wake, the heavy rustling of leaves, a sibilant hiss that built to a crescendo before dying down to an eerie silence. Then as if resurrected in protest, an answering bark of a dog joined the crickets in their incessant chirr, chirr, chirring filling the darkness while the rest of night's creatures scavenged the boscage in stealth.

They heard the dog bark again, a probing, questioning bark, responding to the haunting cries of his half-brother, the wolf.

"That's Sam ..." Kyla whispered.

Samantha was Kyla's Golden Retriever. She had disappeared a few years ago and despite a sustained and intensive search that had been sweetened by a handsome reward, she had never been found.

"Do you still miss her?" Rachael asked feeling sorry for her friend.

"I miss her every day ... every single minute!"

"I'm sorry, Kyla ... I really am. I miss her too ... she was so beautiful!"

They fell quiet for a while before Rachael asked, "Why don't you get another one ... Luke says a puppy will take your mind off of Sam."

"I've thought about it but I can't, not yet anyway. I don't want to get a puppy and keep comparing her to Sam."

They fell quiet again, comfortable with each other and the familiarity bred over their lifetime.

"Rach? Are you awake?"

"Yes."

"It's Andy and Sue ... they look an awful lot like each other. They are they related, aren't they?"

Rachael was quiet. She wasn't sure if she should confide in Kyla. It was very personal and unless she could empathize with them, it was bound to color her perspective and possibly affect the relationship adversely.

"She's his sister, right?" Kyla persisted.

"Yes. They are twins." Rachael confirmed reluctantly.

The ensuing silence was uncomfortably deafening. From the moment Kyla had met the twins she knew there was something unusual about them. She had wanted to pursue this but could never find the right moment. She also knew that something had transpired between Rachael and Luke after their Prom, something that had affected their relationship but that night was strictly off limits. It was an unspoken contract between them that barred them from ever broaching the subject. The condition had been set by Rachael and one that Kyla agreed to honor. It had taken a while to mend the breach and both of them never wanted that to happen again. Kyla, especially, didn't want to lose Rachael.

"You know that they've been making love every evening, don't you?" Kyla asked.

"It is easy to judge things you don't or can't empathize with ... I used to do that and it's a trap. Passing judgment is how we demean others; put them down so we can feel better about ourselves." Rachael said as though talking to herself.

"I want to understand, Rach, I really do," Kyla said whispering across the darkness, "Please talk to me ... please? What happened? I mean, between Luke and ..."

And then they heard the scream.

*****

The Grease Pit Roadhouse

We were at a small cabin that passed for a restaurant. It was a tiny, one-room affair with only three tables and a counter with just enough room to squeeze in an additional two people. The large, gaping door behind the counter lead to the kitchen which allowed the tantalizing smell of bacon and eggs mixed with fresh coffee to waft in to the main dining room. Every seat was taken with people lined up outside drinking coffee from large stainless steel mugs while waiting to be seated. And there were yet others in the porch eating their breakfasts standing up, using their fingers to roll up the pancakes like burritos, dipping them into their eggs before wolfing them down. They had their coffee mugs balanced precariously on windowsills and railings and every now and then a young girl would come out with a pot of coffee to refill their mugs and chat. It was obvious that they all knew each other.

When we got in, Danny ducked behind the counter and came back with a plate of giant, twisted crullers and two mugs of coffee.

"Try this ... and tell me if this ain't the best!" he said biting off half the sugar roll.

We ate the delicious cinnamon flavored donuts, sipping coffee and making small talk. He had seen Rachael and had tried talking to her but she had brushed him off – something he couldn't understand. He was of the opinion that most women were flattered that he would pay attention to them and it was obvious that the man wasn't short on confidence. He also let me know that I had damaged Big John's knee, as if that was some consolation, and the kicks had piqued his interest in martial arts.

"What are you? A black belt?" he asked.

"Something like that," I replied.

"You think it would work on me?" he asked in all seriousness looking straight into my eyes.

There was an innocence to him that was endearing; the naiveté of a little boy trying to test his limits.

"You wouldn't stand a chance, big man, unless one of your bitches pulled the same shit!" I replied and I meant it.

"We should give it a tumble, what do you say?" he asked, smiling widely.

We were back in the schoolyard trying to figure out who was the alpha-dog.

"Anytime, anywhere ... you call it." I challenged, staring right back at him, my expression turning cold.

He laughed out loud and slapped my back so hard that I was sure he had dislocated my neck. I could feel the bones in my toes jarring from the impact.

"You're one tough, little bugger, aren't you?" he espoused.

Then thankfully we were seated. I don't think I could have handled another slap on the back! What was quickly becoming clear to me was being this bloke's friend was hazardous to your health.

"Eat up, little man, this is the best there is," Daniel Benn said drenching his pancakes with maple syrup, the dark amber liquid flooding over into his plate. And then he dug in.

I was in awe. That was the word for it. I watched with a reluctant admiration, something that was normally reserved for extreme feats of strength or skill. There was a primordial aspect to the way he attacked his food, an unrestrained joy that demanded your attention and appreciation.

Everything he had said about the flapjacks was true – they were the best I had tasted but one plate of three gargantuan pancakes was as much as I could muster. And, he was right about the waitress too. She was a beauty; a dark, dusky gypsy with eyes that bore through you, hair as black as coal and a body that could kill. Her golden-brown skin gleamed with the sheen of perspiration from the heat of the kitchen and the pink dress was cut low and a size too small. Her breasts, which were spectacular, strained rebelliously against the buttons in the front threatening to pop them at the slightest whim.

"I'm brewing a fresh pot of coffee, Danny," she said placing another plate of pancakes in front of the giant.

In all, he had eaten six eggs, nine pancakes, two heaps of hash-browns and a cruller. He was on his third mug of coffee when he belched loudly, patted his belly and grinned, "Man, that was good!"

I had to shake my head, "You could feed a small nation with what you just chowed down, fella!"

The waitress came back with the pot of coffee and refilled Danny's cup. I waved her off – I couldn't handle more than two cups in the morning.

"Thanks, Dee," he said and smiled, "hey, what do you think of my little friend here? Huh?"

She looked at me with a steady gaze, carefully scrutinizing me then smiled a brilliant, white smile.

"Cute! Cuter than those hooligans you hang out with!" she said and then came over and stood next to me, "Not married are you?" she asked me.

I shook my head and winked at her, "No ma'am, at least not yet! But who knows ... you could change all that!"

"Oh, you're a sweet talker, Yank ... go on with the two of you! Like peas in a pod!" she said and then noticing me staring at her cleavage she added with a smile, "You're not getting any so get your mind out of the gutter!"

I couldn't resist. I quoted Shakespeare (Romeo and Juliet).

"Is there no pity sitting in the clouds

that sees into the bottom of my grief?"

She smiled, gave me the finger and left.

Danny laughed and thumped the table. I was just glad that I was too far away for him to do that friendly 'slap on the back' thing. We watched her disappear into the kitchen appreciative of the tight, round butt that wiggled with the studied gait of a man-killer! She knew exactly what she was doing.

Danny scratched his head and mused, "My, my, my ... who'd have thunk it? Old man Brennan's scrawny little gal would turn into this!"

And he rolled his eyes looking skyward. 



Wilderness Paradise Pt. 02
byu06la14b©

A recap of the story so far; this is for those who don't want to or haven't read the preceding opus:

My sister Rachael and her friend, Kyla, are trekking the Rainbow Mountains in Bella Coola, BC. Along with them are two of Rachael's college friends, Andrew and Susan. Unbeknownst to them, they are being followed by Josh Woodard, a dangerous wilderness recluse, who has his sights set on one of the women. He has picked Susan as his target.

Kyla, Rachael and I grew up together and a few years back, on her Prom night, my sister and I had indulged in an incestuous relationship that was both confusing and compelling. I haven't been able to stop thinking about it and am hoping to rekindle those filial affections on this trip.

I was supposed to have been with them but circumstances, fate, karma or whatever it is has connived against me and I was delayed, reduced to playing catch-up. It was in Bella Coola that I met up with Daniel Benn, a giant of Paul Bunyan proportions, and someone who knows these mountains better than most.

A few paragraphs from Part I that connects you to the sequel -

Near Hunlen Falls, on an obscure pathway off the beaten track, Rachael and Kyla share a tent and are talking about Andrew and Susan.

"Rach? Are you awake?"

"Yes."

"It's Andy and Sue ... they look an awful lot like each other. They are they related, aren't they?"

Rachael was quiet. She wasn't sure if she should confide in Kyla. It was very personal and unless she could empathize with them, it was bound to color her perspective and possibly affect the relationship adversely.

"She's his sister, right?" Kyla persisted.

"Yes. They are twins." Rachael confirmed reluctantly.

The ensuing silence was uncomfortably deafening. From the moment Kyla had met the twins she knew there was something unusual about them. She had wanted to pursue this but could never find the right moment. She also knew that something had transpired between Rachael and Luke after their Prom, something that had affected their relationship but that night was strictly off limits. It was an unspoken contract between them that barred them from ever broaching the subject. The condition had been set by Rachael and one that Kyla agreed to honor. It had taken a while to mend the breach and both of them never wanted that to happen again. Kyla, especially, didn't want to lose Rachael.

"You know that they've been making love every evening, don't you?" Kyla asked.

"It is easy to judge things you don't or can't empathize with ... I used to do that and it's a trap. Passing judgment is how we demean others; put them down so we can feel better about ourselves." Rachael said as though talking to herself.

"I want to understand, Rach, I really do," Kyla said whispering across the darkness, "Please talk to me ... please? What happened? I mean, between Luke and ..."

And then they heard the scream.

Read on ...



The Abduction

The scream, a single, strangled cry that lingered within the abbreviated quotient of time was an auricular alarm that shred the silence for a moment before acceding to the stillness of the night. In the distance, the strident yelp of a young jackal badgered the uneasy quietness with its sham. Both women in the adjacent tent reacted immediately and with an efficiency that resembled a military exercise. They unzipped their sleeping bags, wiggled free then undoing the side flaps of the tent, they crawled into the open, alert and ready. It had taken them all of three minutes.

"Shit! Where is it?" Kyla muttered as she fervently felt around for her pocket flashlight.

Rachael was the first one out. She stood balanced on the balls of her feet, her senses honed to a razor's edge, the hair on the nape of her neck prickled and bristling. The 'fight or flight' response had flooded her body with adrenaline. Her heart was pounding in her chest, her breathing had quickened, pupils dilated and attention focused. She held the pepper spray extended in front of her, armed, scanning the trees and the shrubbery, expecting an attack from any flank. Her mind devoid of rationale was panicked and racing, creating monsters in the dark; zombies and ghouls of childhood nightmares that shook and shivered within the sibilant rustling of the leaves.

'Calm, stay calm... slow it down and breathe ...' she told herself taking slow, deliberate breaths.

She could see the other tent bathed in nebulous hieroglyphics, silhouettes teased by the silvery streaks of moonlight filtering through the dense cover of the evergreens and the naked branches of the deciduous Red Alders. The sides of the tent were shredded, ripped open by some unnatural act of violence, the shorn fabric fluttering helplessly in the night's breeze. There was no sign of life from within.

"What the ..." Kyla had started to say when Rachael called out.

"Sue? Andrew?" She paused then called again, a bit more loudly, "Susan? Are you okay?"

Then throwing caution to the wind, she rushed in and was stunned by what she saw.

"Oh, God!" she whispered and stifled a scream, putting away the canister of pepper spray.

It was a mess. There was blood splattered on the sides and around the interior. The large sleeping bag was tangled and twisted in an adventitious ball; the propane heater lay toppled over on its side, its indifferent flame licking precariously at the frayed edges of Susan's woolen tippet. And, lying against the anodized frame of the tent was Andrew Breland's motionless body.

There was a smell of violence in the air. A pronounced odor baptized by the epoch of blood and in its unscrupulous wake was left a sullen emptiness; a frozen cavern with no sign of Susan.

Rachael moved the scarf away before straightening the heater and turning down its flame then leaning over the body she felt for a pulse in his neck.

"Hurry, Kyla ... get in here and help me ... let's get him out! He's still breathing," Rachael hissed.

Moving Andrew out of the tent was not as easy as it initially seemed. Though he wasn't a big man, the confined space and crouched positions had the women at a disadvantage. But they struggled, half-dragging and pulling the comatose body until they finally maneuvered it onto the soft grass outside.

"He's heavy!" Kyla gasped.

They propped up his head using a rolled up blanket for a pillow and examined him thoroughly under the white glare of their flashlights. There was a large gash on the side of Andy's head above the right ear and blood seeping out of a wound, below the liver, on the lower right side of the abdomen. His upper lip was split open and his nose seemed to be broken, the bridge dislocated awkwardly to the left. His breathing was shallow and hoarse, rasping softly in the night air.

'What in heaven's name could have done this and disappeared that quickly? Where was Susan?' Horrific thoughts raced through Rachael's mind as she struggled to keep her composure. 'Oh God! Luke, where are you?'

"One of us needs to look for Susan," Kyla offered softly realizing that every minute lost exponentially increased the probability of never finding her.

"No! That's what he wants ... or whatever it was that did this. It wasn't a bear, that's for sure! No, we stay together," Rachael snapped with finality, "help me clean him up then we can go looking for Sue."

They worked frantically over the unconscious man, washing his face and cleaning the wounds. Rachael used the first-aid kit to bandage his head and abdomen while Kyla wiped away the coagulated blood from under the broken nose. It was obvious that the septum had separated and the nasal bridge was smashed.

"He's left-handed," Kyla said softly.

"What?" Rachael asked, baffled by the non sequitur.

"He's left-handed." Kyla repeated while cleaning Andy's nostrils, "The stab wound, the blow to the head, the way the nose is pushed over ... the man is a southpaw!"

Rachael stopped what she was doing and looked at her, surprised by the deduction, and then checked Andrew again. She was right: the attacker definitely favored his left hand. All the damage was to the right side of Andy's body. She felt the relief washing over her as the logic of Kyla's analysis set in.

"You're right, Kyla, and it had to be a loner ... otherwise they would have attacked us too!" she exclaimed her voice taking on an optimistic tone.

There was an irrational reassurance in knowing that it was just a man and not some terrifying, demonic creature that had crawled out from the epicenter of hell. And in that moment of ameliorated relief, the girls were oblivious to the opprobrious eyes that studied them, barely an arm's length away, camouflaged so totally within the brush that it was impossible to pick him out. They had no idea that their friend's body lay bound and gagged and unconscious so close to them.

*****

Predator

He watched the women with amusement. He was surprised that the man was still alive; he should have made sure but the woman had distracted him. She was a spunky little thing, jumping on his back trying to protect her man. The idea of concern for someone else was foreign to him. His laws were Nature's Laws. He could no sooner fault a lioness for taking a day-old fawn or a wolf for killing a lamb than he could his actions. What he did was not personal but rather, steeped in his own survival. He had never killed for sport or in anger. Well, maybe in anger ... a long time ago, during the war.

Was it even a war or some political gambit by a bunch of greedy Fatcats in Washington who had never so much as held a gun let alone risked their lives? It was these same Congressmen and Senators whose power-hungry schemes placed in jeopardy the lives of the young American men and women without a second thought. Yes, he had killed in anger. He should have gone after these sick fuckin' bastards in Washington but instead he had unleashed his wrath on those who had murdered his buddies; some faceless Taliban motherfuckers with no regard for their own worthless lives. He felt compelled to avenge his friends. How many? There had been too many to recall. Men, women and even children ... he had never meant to harm the children but it was collateral damage and in the end, it was of no consequence. He was the Avenging Angel balancing the karmic equation and exacting his pound of flesh as judge, jury and executioner.

He heard the women speaking, their voices carrying in the stillness. So, her name was Susan – interesting. He had known a Susan in high school. And Kyla ... 'Kyla' what a pretty name, was the tall, lean one. She was beautiful. But it was the leader he was most attracted to. She was just his type ... tall, blond, and full bodied. It would be nice if he could get these two beauties too.

He weighed the risks and quickly concluded that there might just be a way – tricky, but then what was ever gained without risk? A plan began to take shape in the brilliant but twisted mind of Josh Woodard ...

*****

The Day after the Prom – flashback 6 years

The next day was Sunday and when I finally tumbled out of bed, I was sure that I had dreamed the entire 'episode' with Rachael. It was the small, bloody stain on my bed sheet, a confirmation of my sister's sanguinary sacrifice, which hammered home the reality of what had transpired. I had fucked my sister and taken her cherry! It signaled the advent of a new and confusing aspect to our relationship - I loved my sister as a sister but I also wanted to fuck her as a woman.

I closed my eyes and felt my cock twitch as the images of our incestuous union filled my mind. Images of my sister lying under me, her legs spread and wrapped around my hips, her fingers digging into the muscles of my back while she moaned and fucked me back. It had been, by far, the best sex I had ever had. Every detail seemed to have been burned into a secret cache in my mind. A vivid Pandora's Box that was labeled, 'Sex with my sister, Rachael'. I recalled how her body had trembled when I pumped my sperm deep into her tight little cunny ... it was something! I don't think I had ever climaxed for that long or that intensely.

My cock was now painfully erect. The post-coitus revulsion I had felt last night was replaced by a desire that was as strong as ever, if not, stronger than before. I had joined the ranks of the illusionary Lotus Eaters; those disenfranchised souls who were addicted to the petals of the forbidden flower. It was this emotive craving that manifested in an overpowering urge to fuck her again. But when I crossed the hallway to her room, it was empty; there was no sign of her.

We were so different, not just in appearance but in personality. Her room was as neat as mine was in disarray. Her bed was expertly made-up with the comforter pulled tightly across the mattress without a crease or a wrinkle, the edges dropping evenly over the sides so that they barely touched the floor. The cluster of throw and decorative pillows was neatly organized in cascading sizes at the headboard. Her pink and white, bunny slippers were placed under the bed on a small Indian rug next to the side table. And, on this mahogany end-table was a vase of flowers that filled the room with the fragrance of lavender and rose.

However, the pièce de résistance was a large poster of Bugs Bunny holding a bottle of booze in one hand and hanging high in the air off of a steep mountain ledge. The caption read: It is happy hour somewhere, Doc! I had given her that poster when she had taken up rock climbing.

There wasn't a thing out of place: from the pictures on the wall to the frilly, lace curtains, everything oozed of femininity and tidiness. As much as I was disorganized, my sister was compulsively methodical. That is what made her such a good climber.

I saw a note on her bed folded into a tight little square with hand-sketched hearts and smileys all over it. It was lying juxtaposed to a pair of her panties, not the one she had on the previous night but a pink one with a pretty, floral design. I picked it up and pressed it against my face burying my nose into the silky-soft fabric and was immediately filled with her scent, that spicy, cumin-tinged odor that was irresistible. And, mixed in was the imperceptible hint of laundry detergent. The narrow bridge of her crotch was moist and slippery and stained with her juices. This pair wasn't from last night but one she had on recently, possibly this morning - 'Damn! This was hot! My little sister was as horny as I was.'

I opened the note and in the middle of the page in her distinctive, small handwriting was a simple sentence which said it all: It was beautiful. I love you! And next to it was a big, perfectly shaped heart. It wasn't addressed to anyone but I knew that she had meant it for me. The anonymity was an exculpable ploy against the nosy inquisitiveness of my mother. It was a house rule that our parents could search our rooms at any time as a hedge against the prevalent use of drugs at the local schools, a rule that Mom often evoked to go through our dresser drawers. As aggravating as that was, we both knew that she had our best interests at heart and tolerated her fussing. She needn't have been concerned; neither Rachael nor I had any interest in drugs. We had been into sports ever since we were kids and were almost fanatical about our health.

Mom! Shit! I had better check on them. My parents either played golf on Sundays or went to church. Don't ask, I'm haven't figured that one out as yet. It was almost 9:00 AM and in either case they should be gone by now. But I needed to make sure before I jerked off into Rachael's panties.

I shoved the note into my pocket and trudged into the kitchen. This must have been the day for notes – there was one from my mother on the kitchen table: Honey, French toast and eggs in the oven. Save some for Rachael. She's at volleyball practice. She said you had a great time at the Prom. That was nice of you to be there for her. Try and make it to church if you can. Hugs, Mom.

At the mention of 'church', I felt the pangs of guilt pricking at my blistered conscience. I was suddenly harangued by the dogma of evangelical beliefs, of what was right and wrong, and fucking my sister was certainly deemed as wrong. I tried to think of other things to distract myself but the pertinacious images of Rachael broke down any semblance of resolve I could muster. The memory of our lascivious tryst the previous night was too fresh and just too relentless. I was now conflicted by the urges of the flesh pitted against the sanctity of higher reasoning and purported by the advocacy of a revived conscience.

I opened the oven door and peeked in at the breakfast Mom had cooked – French toast, bacon and scrambled eggs - It looked appetizing but I wasn't really hungry. Maybe a quick workout was the answer.

"Screw it, I'll just go for a run," I said to myself and left.

*****

When I finally got back I felt rejuvenated and though it was nippy outside, I had managed to work up a pretty good sweat. Rachael's car was parked in the driveway an indication that she was back. I felt my cock lurch lewdly at the thought of the possibilities - so much for a reinvigorated conscience.

After church, my parents typically went for brunch with friends and rarely came home before 1 or 2 in the afternoon. So there was time and what better way to broach the subject than to ask Rachael about the note.

When I opened the front door, I was met by the strains of one of my favorite rock songs, an oldie by the Eagles: Life in the Fast Lane.

"He had a nasty reputation as a cruel dude,

They said he was ruthless, they said he was crude,

They had one thing in common, they were

good in bed,

She'd say, 'Faster, faster. The lights are turnin' red.'

Life in the fast lane,

Surely make you lose your mind,

Mmmmm ... are you with me so far?

Eager for action and hot for the game,

The coming attraction, the drop of a name ..."

I listened to sexual innuendos of the lyrics before running up the stairs, taking them two at a time, and headed for the bathroom that Rachael and I shared but she was in it. I could hear the shower running. I stood outside the door debating whether I should surprise her but then decided against it. I wanted this tease to last as long as possible. It had something to do with the thrill of the chase.

I often used my parent's shower so grabbing my towel I walked down the hallway to the Master Bedroom eschewing my usual dip in the hot tub choosing rather to play out Rachael's next chapter as soon as I could.

*****

I managed to finish showering without jerking of; something that severely tested the limits of my resolve but I had succeeded in saving it all for my sister. I turned the shower off and slid the curtain back and that was when I noticed her. She was standing in her bathrobe resting her butt against the edge of the counter. Her hair was wet and plastered back and her skin had a dewy dampness to it. But amazingly, her eyes that were wide and bright were shamelessly glued to my semi-hard penis.

I felt a satyric thrill shoot through me as my cock twitched and began to harden and I'm not sure what got into me but I began stroking myself stepping into the bathroom and turning to face her. I heard her gasp and saw her eyes widen like saucers. I was certain that at any moment she was going to come to her senses and bolt but I was wrong. It became quickly apparent that she couldn't look away; it was as though she was hypnotized. Her lips parted and I saw the tip of her tongue snake out to wet her bottom lip as I continued to slide my hand back and forth over my shaft, rubbing the bloated dome at the end of each stroke. My cock was now rock hard and pointing up at the ceiling. Then, I saw her move.

She undid the sash around her waist and let her robe drop to the floor and stood there naked with her legs slightly parted. Her expression was an incongruous synthesis of sensual promiscuity mingled with an insecure shyness but she needn't have worried, she was truly a beauty, far more erotically sensual than any airbrushed centerfold I'd seen. She then did something that I'll take to my grave. She reached down and inserted her fingers deep inside her cuntal lips, moving them in and out until finally she touched her clit. She shuddered and closed her eyes letting her fingers settle at the apex of her cunt, wiggling it in small circles as I watched fascinated by my sister's pleasuring of herself. And when she looked up again our eyes met briefly before her attention was drawn back to my cock. We watched each other masturbate, our strokes timed to the moans and groans and the squishy concerto of our fingers working on our sex. 

Any vestige of my naïve, little sister was gone. She had become someone else, someone who was more of a sultry whore than a virginal naiad. Even though I could sense the underlying nervousness, her expression screamed of wantonness, of needing to be fucked. This was new for her, this brazen display, but behind the bold exhibitionist was a tentative and insecure girl seeking her older brother's approval. It was obvious in the way she glanced at me before quickly looking away.

She didn't stop or couldn't stop. Her body's response had been programmed by some prurient, voyeuristic drive; a preconditioned female rebuttal to my carnal act of self-indulgence. She leaned back against the counter and spread her thighs even farther apart allowing me to watch her as she feverishly rubbed her clit while her eyes remained glued to my cock. We were both trapped in this licentious burlesque; voyeurs gleaning pleasure from each other; brother from sister and sister from brother. We were lovers now needing to reach the precipice together.

I saw her legs jerk and heard her whimpering and that did it; I threw my head back and groaned as the intense pleasure of orgasm raced through me, my shaft flexed sharply shooting a long, ropey stream of cum across the tiled floor of the bathroom. Caught in the throes of climax and urged on by her moans, I continued to rub the flared, angry ridge of my cockhead succumbing to its will, to the jolts of pleasure racking my body and sent a second wad, arcing high in the air, splattering close to her feet. And then incredibly, I felt the wet, warmth of her mouth wrap around my cock. She was kneeling in front of me, holding my root, sucking me for all she was worth. Her fingers kept milking my shaft while I discharged the remainder of my ejaculate into her hungry mouth. I could feel her swallowing and sucking, sucking and swallowing, drawing out the last of the viscid drops of my passion while I was doubled over her, helplessly, watching her vigorously fingering her cunt.

I could hear her moaning through her nose and around my cock while she continued to suckle me, her fingers still buried inside her pussy. I felt her trembling and through the volitional haze of pleasure I wondered if she was cumming. Could she orgasm by just sucking on my dick? My mind was foggy, clouded by endorphins, the pleasure opiates driving me farther and farther over the edge and into places I had never been to before.

Somehow, wrought by Freudian symbolism, we had managed to end up on our parent's bed. I was going to fuck my sister at the nexus of where we had been conceived, where my father had made love to my mother to create us. And now, we were about to fuck each other in the very same cradle of our creation. It might not sound quite as erotic now but at that moment we were both consumed by that amatory fact.

"Dad and Mom ..." she whispered softly not needing to complete her thought.

"Yes, baby ..." I whispered back, knowing exactly what she meant.

"Oh, God ..." and I felt her shiver.

She was lying with her legs splayed wide, knees raised and with me spread lengthwise in between them sucking on her clit. Her hands held me by the back of my head, pressing my face into the triangle of her sex. Her fingers, entwined in the layers of my hair, were pulling, twisting, caressing, grabbing ... reacting to the sensations pulsing at her core. She was unaware of anything but the soft, wet tongue lapping at the length of her slit, and the fingers pushing in and out of her hole. Her hips bucked and rolled while I pleasured her, drinking the tangy nectar that was literally dripping from her vaginal chalice. My lips, cheeks and chin were covered in her juices but I still couldn't get enough. I was filled with the essence of her and could have spent the rest of my life sucking on her cunt.

"Fuck me, baby, please ... please fuck me now! Fuck your baby sister ..." she whispered pulling me upwards towards her, "I want you in me, now, baby ..."

I felt her reach down between us and guide my cock into her pussy. She moaned into my neck as the mushroomed tip spread her open. I felt her hips pushing upwards trying to skewer herself onto the fleshy lance. She felt hot and wet and slippery but most of all she felt incredibly tight. I held her waist to keep her in place while I pushed down with my hips, sinking deeper and deeper into my sister's tight little cunt, until I had bottomed out and our pubic bones were mashed together.

The words of the song repeated itself in my mind:

"They had one thing in common, they were good in bed,

She'd say "Faster, faster, the lights are turnin' red ..."

I couldn't wait to turn her lights green or whatever brilliant colors it was that would explode in her brain at that timeless moment and with that I began to fuck her. This time, I wanted it to last so I went deliberately slow, driving in until I was buried to the hilt, waiting there, thrilling in the sensations of her muscles convulsing and constricting around my shaft. I wasn't sure if she was doing this intentionally or whether it was her body's reflex but it was amazing. It was like being milked by a hot, wet, velvet glove. And, when I felt her relax, I would pull out, almost all the way, before screwing myself down into her again. We kept repeating this for what seemed like an eternity until finally, she couldn't take it.

"Faster, please Luke, go faster ..." she whispered. Somewhere in the blurry clouds of pleasure the line from the song played itself again.

"She'd say "Faster, faster, the lights are turnin' red ..."

I felt her hips undulating, bucking up at me, trying to speed up the action on the rubbery rod that was plunging in and out of her, ravaging her cunt and creating the friction she longed for.

"You like fucking your brother, don't you? You like to feel my cock in you ... don't you, baby?" I asked aroused to a maddening state by her salacious whisperings.

"Yes, darling brother, yes ... yes, yes ... I'm yours ..." she gasped in time to my thrusts, "I'm yours forever ... I'll do anything you want me to ... anything, baby, just fuck me ... don't stop, don't ever stop ..."

We were swept away by the moment, saying these things to each other; lovers swearing eternal love in the heat of passion. And when we weren't whispering to each other, we kissed with urgency, sucking on each other's tongues, moaning into each other's mouths ... we were both so isolated and so entangled in the eroticism.

The bed was creaking and the music was playing and our bodies were slamming together – the sounds building to a searing crescendo, drumming out everything else but our symphonic sex. It echoed so loudly in our ears that we didn't hear them come in.

"What are you doing? Get off her! Get-off-her ..." It was my mother, her voice shrill and angry. I felt her pushing me off of my sister.

I grabbed a pillow and covered myself and when I looked up, my parents stood there stunned. I could see the blood rushing to my father's face, his jaw grinding and the veins in his neck popping and knew that there was going to be hell to pay. Rachael was his baby girl and I was the man who had just ravished her.

*****

To Hunlen Falls with the Giant, Daniel Benn

"So, shorty, tell me about your sister," the big man said as we made our way up the side of a small hill heading up towards Hunlen Falls.

I had to admit that he was a good climber unlike most big men. And Danny was not just a big man, he was enormous, a Paul Bunyan clone. Large men, in general, had problems free-climbing. It was simply a case of bio-physics: lactic acid build-up and gravity. Their arms couldn't keep pulling up their heavy torsos and their thick fingers had a hard time clinging to the tiny crevices and cracks that were essential in scaling a rock face effectively. But so far, he was holding his own and I was impressed. I had picked up the pace, face climbing a large rock to test his stamina, but he had managed to keep up – he was breathing a bit hard but he didn't complain.

He had insisted on joining me with assurances that he knew ways through these mountains that would take hours off my trek and, more importantly, skirt those nasty Grizzlies. But I knew the real reason for his wanting to join me and it had nothing to do with those ursine critters; he was smitten, struck by the lightning bolt that was Rachael. And, though that didn't particularly thrill me, I was beginning to like this Goliath. In many ways he was like an oversized kid. There was a forthrightness and naiveté to Daniel Benn that I confess I found refreshing.

He was also hard to discourage.

"If you don't want me to go with you, I'll just tag along behind you ... it's a free country and I can go where I want!" That was his petulant reasoning.

"Listen, King Kong, it's not that I don't want you to go with me, I don't want to bother you ... I can see that you're a busy man and I really don't need any help," I argued.

"You're not bothering me, shorty, in fact, you're a funny guy. You make me laugh! I am offering to come with you at no cost. You should be thankful!" he snapped and then added, "I'm coming, so get used to it."

And while we jousted back and forth, he would mutter just loud enough for me to hear: "I can't have some little Kung Fu maniac, from way over yonder, come up here and scare the animals ... no siree, I certainly can't!"

I realized that he wasn't going to take no for an answer and so I acquiesced, "Okay, amigo, it's you and me ... just stop the ranting, okay?"

He gave me a big, wide smile and was about to slap my back when I skirted away, "Oh no you don't ..."

Being slapped by this joker was like being hit by a wrecking ball!

*****

After we had trekked and climbed for about two hours, we decided to take a break. We sat on rocks under the shade of a large White Spruce and unpacked some sandwiches that his sister had made for us. These were Hoagies stuffed full of roast-beef and ham and was so thick, it would present a challenge to finish ... at least, for me. We ate in silence and washed it down with the sweetest, freshest spring water that we gathered from a narrow brook that trickled down near us. He wasn't kidding when he said he knew these mountains like the back of his hand.

"I keep asking you about your sister and you keep blocking me ... what's up?" he asked, chewing on the last bits of his sandwich, "You have something against me, little man?"

"You mean apart from the fact that you're a big, obdurate Cannuck who can't spell?"

"Obdoo ... what? Speak English, Yank," he said simply.

"Ob-du-rate ... means stubborn or pigheaded! And that's you, Kong!"

He laughed, "Hey, that's a good word but I'm serious. Your sister is gorgeous but that's not it. There are plenty of gorgeous girls around. I feel a connection to her; a real connection and I know she feels the same way ... she just doesn't know it as yet! Come on, little man, give a brother some tips ... tell me about her."

"Connection? You feel a connection? You're kidding, right? You're wasting your time, Kong, you're not her type. Maybe you should focus on Kyla," I offered.

"I don't think so. Nothing against that doll, she's a cutie but I happen to like you sister. I'm telling you, I feel connected to her, man, so spill it, what's Rachael really like?"

It was clear that he was going to badger me 'til I opened up.

"She can be a pain in the ass! Trust me, Danny-Boy, you really don't want any part of her."

"You're doing that 'big-brother' thing aren't you? Protecting your little sister! I respect that but you don't have to worry, little man, I'm not looking for a ..."

"Watch it! You stepping on thin ice here," I cautioned.

He shook his huge head and looked at me, his eyes squinting against the late afternoon sun, his expression, forlorn.

"I was going to say, I'm not looking for a short-term relationship. I want to know about her, you know, what makes her tick ... I just know we'd make a great couple. I can feel it here, in here," he said and he thumped his chest and added, "Can you imagine what our kids would look like?"

I had to smile. This Lothario had scooted past the courtship, engagement and the altar and had already impregnated my sister! I should be happy that he wasn't some jerk but I was feeling threatened. He was my competition. What if Rachael picked him and didn't want anything more to do with me? It could happen.

"What you're feeling is a misguided sense of attraction, something that is purely physical ... comes from taking all those growth hormones and steroids!"

He laughed out loud, "You're a funny man, Luke ... a real funny man! Why on earth would I need steroids? Listen, I'm going to court your sister whether you like it or not!"

"I'll break both your arms, big man, I swear I will ... you stay away from her!"

"Then I'll court her without arms ... I'll do it on my knees, yes, that's how I'll do it!" That was his silly riposte to my threat. I had to smile.

And so it went, we continued up the mountain, verbally fencing with each other. As the climb got steeper, I could see that he was beginning to wear down. The breaks began to get more frequent and lasted longer but he wasn't asking for any quarter. What he did was still quite impressive, the fact that he managed to keep up with me the whole day – not many large men would have.

Finally the cold and the fading red halo of the evening sun forced us to break for camp. I could tell he was relieved though he would never admit it.

"I'm going to cook you a feast that will blow your mind, little man, yeah ... you'll be begging me to marry your sister!"

"Why would I do that? If it's that good I'll be begging you to marry me!"

He let out a roar, laughing with an unrestrained exuberance. And then we heard it ... it sounded like a scream.

End of Part II

Wilderness Paradise Pt. 03
byu06la14b©

Wilderness Paradise: Of Brothers and Sisters, Part 3

Flashback 6 years - Caught in the Act

We didn't hear them coming in. Mom and Dad had returned from church earlier than we had anticipated. Normally, we would have heard the garage door ratcheting open or their footsteps, as they trudged up the stairs, but Rachael and I were so caught up in fucking each other that we were deaf to everything but the primal grunts and moans of our rutting. For that is exactly what it was – a raw and raunchy fuck in the middle of our parent's bed.

To say that they were livid would have been the understatement of the year – in the morbid and atramentaceous aftermath we were banished to our rooms, forbidden to leave or talk to each other until some form of parental adjudication had been reached. For as far back as I can remember, even when we were just little kids, the punishment meted out for any mischief was determined after a caucus of the entire family. We would sit around the dining table, objectively discuss the waggish incident, and then my dad would solemnly come up with the punishment. It was all done with a decorum that was democratic and fair.

But this time it was different. It had to be different – we weren't kids anymore and the breach was one with reprobating consequence. I could hear them arguing and that was rare in our house. I don't know if my parents were still in love, I can only assume that they were, but they had always treated each other with respect. My father was never a shouter. And neither was my mother, except on the rare occasions when we would push her past the limits of her patience. But now, though I couldn't make out what was being said, they were arguing and it was loud.

I wondered how my sister was holding up ... poor Rach! It was my damn fault for messing up her life. How could I have fucked my little sister? I had to be one of the biggest perverts around – that was evidenced beyond the shadow of a doubt. I mean, I had to be. She was only eighteen and I had seduced her or acquiesced to the seduction and should have known better.

I heard the Master bedroom door open and my Mom's voice, "That's rubbish, Thomas, you know as well as I do that kids will ..." and then the door closed again, turning the dialog into muffled dissonance. She only called my dad by his Christian name when they disagreed on something otherwise it was 'dear', 'baby', 'darling' or some other mushy endearment like "Pooh-Bear" that defied logic. My dad doesn't, in any way, resemble Winnie the Pooh!

I had no idea what they were arguing about – there was no gray area here – so the querulous banter was baffling. The thought that Dad might kick me out of the house did cross my mind and maybe Mom was lobbying to prevent that. I was suddenly filled with an acute sense of apprehension. I would have to live with Uncle Philip or Uncle Jack, my mother's brothers whom Rachael and I were closer to than the relatives on my father's side. In a pinch, I'd pick Uncle Jack but for something more permanent, it would have to be Uncle Philip. I looked a bit like him and he's the one that got me into Martial Arts.

What were the chances of being thrown out of the house? I wasn't sure, it could happen though. It wasn't that farfetched - I had never seen Dad this angry, not just angry but in a murderous rage. Mom would lose it every now and then but Dad had always been the 'Sultan of Cool' and in fact, in the past it would be him moderating for lenience. Left to my mother, I would have been hanged, drawn and quartered for some of the shit I had pulled.

My mother's: "You're grounded, young man, for at least a week!" would end up being a day because of Dad.

I could still hear him, "Honey, boys will be boys! You need to cut him some slack ..."

And my mother's terse rebuttal, "Yes, but my boy will NOT grow up to be an insolent thug, not if I have anything to do with it!"

And then there was Rachael. My sister was the "good" kid, never doing anything to arouse my parent's ire. A's and B's in school, on the Volleyball and Basketball teams, liked by all the teachers, popular with her friends, home every evening before curfew etc. etc. She was also my staunchest supporter interceding on my behalf as only she could and now this was the way I paid her back!

With my curiosity piquing, I was tempted to break quarantine; to sneak out to the linen closet in the hallway that was adjacent to their bedroom. A strategic ear to the wall, next to the architrave, and you were as good as in the room with them. That's when I heard the knock on my door. It was a soft, sequential tapping; a quick three, a pause and then a slow two, a code that only my sister used.

"Luke? Can I come in?" It was a whisper.

"I don't think it's a good idea, Rach, we're in enough trouble already. This time ..." I paused, not knowing what to say, "this time, they are really pissed!"

I blamed all of it on my crazed, hormone-induced lust. I was always horny – a walking hardon and that was my sorry excuse! I had let them all down. How could we ever be a normal family again? How could I even look at my mother and father? I mean they had seen us naked, me on top of my sister, fucking her like a horny character straight out of a Teutonic Rhapsody! Hansel and Gretel fucking in the Ginger Bread house! It was deplorable and I was filled with objective revulsion.

"Just go, Rachael, leave me alone," I added, finding some perverse solace in my self-vilification.

Not that she ever listened to me. She opened the door and slipped in shutting it behind her. She stood by the foot of my bed in her jammies, looking contrite and as beautiful as ever, this despite her hair that fell in a disheveled, rumpled mess around her face and eyes that were red from crying. It was breaking my heart – this need I felt for her.

"If they find you here ..." I began.

"I don't care," she started, nervously fidgeting with the ends of her hair and then continued, "Dad's blaming you and that's wrong. It was me, Luke, I started this. And they are fighting now and you know they never fight! I hate it! I just hate ... I hate myself!"

She began crying, softly at first and then, sobbing hysterically. I got up off the bed and went over and hugged her to me, holding her tightly, feeling the warmth of her spreading along my body as she melted into me. And while she sniffled and sobbed into my chest, I kissed the top of her head, trying to comfort her.

"It's okay, Bugs, it's okay. Don't cry, baby, we'll get through this, I promise," I murmured.

"How? How will we ever get through this?" she sobbed and clung to me.

"I don't know how but trust me, we will. We are not the first brother and sister to do it ... to have sex. Did you know that the Pharaohs married their sisters?"

I swear it wasn't meant to be sexual but my cock, ever rebellious and with a mind of its own, twitched and hardened throbbing salaciously against her lower abdomen. What the fuck was the matter with me? And if that wasn't enough, incredulously, through the sniffles and heaving sobs, I felt her hand snaking down in between us. This was nuts! Totally insane - what was happening to us? We were both losing it!

The crying slowly subsided, "Did they really marry their sisters?"

"Ye-ye-sss, yes ..." I stuttered as she squeezed my dick and began stroking me.

"We should have been Egyptians, don't you think?" she whispered into my neck and giggled.

"Ohh! Yes! Yes ..." I managed to croak as her delicate fingers caressed the pillar of flesh.

"Mmmm, is this for me, doc?" she asked her voice changing, like a little girls except low and husky.

I felt her breathing quicken and despite the awkwardness, because of the way we were standing, the sensuality laced with the fear of discovery had a proselytizing effect; not that I need much persuasion. I was now captive to her desires and my rationale and self-loathing of a few minutes ago vanished; obliterated by her silky touch.

"Rach, this is a bad idea. You should stop, baby ..." I protested but it lacked any real conviction and then as if to seal the deal, she ran her hand over the coronal ridge of the mushroomed dome.

"Oh God!" I groaned loudly and shivered as the pleasure shot through me.

"Ssshhhh, I need this now, I need you ..." she whispered easing me towards the door.

She threw the deadbolt home and dropped to her knees, pulling my pajamas down and then engulfed my cock, taking it into the warmth of her soft, wet mouth. I watched my sister suckle me; her delicate fingers stroking the root of my shaft while her lips clamped around the tip sucking me like a straw. Her head bobbed back and forth, her hair rippling in a silky, golden vortex, her cheeks hollowing with the effort while her tongue tickled and bathed the sensitive ridge of my glans. We were lost in that muddled, timeless labyrinth of a forbidden Eden, my mind flooding with thoughts and scarlet images of her; lewd and lascivious images embellished by the awareness of our incestuous bonds.

I was teased by the strains of her wet slurping as she sucked and swallowed and sucked again and again at the pre-coital juices leaking out from me. I closed my eyes and waited for that inevitable velvet thrill that would consume me and send me tumbling, freefalling mindlessly through the tortured abyss of nothingness while I filled her mouth with my muculent seed.

*****

Back to the Present: Tracking my Sister

As soon as Danny heard the scream he reacted. And I mean 'reacted': he jumped up like he had been shot from a cannon, doused the fire, tossed the pan aside and headed in the general direction of the scream. 'There goes dinner', I thought to myself.

"Come on, shorty, let's go!" he called back. He was already twenty or so yards from me.

"What about all this," I asked and pointed at our stuff, concerned about the expensive climbing accessories in my backpack.

"Leave it! No one's going to take it ... there's no one here!" the giant said with obvious impatience then urged, "Hurry, someone could be in serious trouble! It's most probably a bear!"

I slipped the chalk bag into my pocket, pushed the backpacks under a bush and followed him as he made his way through the heavy brush and undergrowth. We scampered up a few sharp inclines until we came to a massive rock face. It formed an imposing wall shooting straight upwards, roughly sixty or so feet, with a deep cleft that ran the entire length. These fissures were called chimneys. I could shimmy up using my feet to press my back against the opposite wall of the crevice but it was too small for him. I looked over curious to see what he was planning to do - climbing something like this was hard at best but with the fading light, this was going to be a far greater challenge.

The big man didn't waste a lot of time. He studied the rock for a few moments and made his decision.

"You go on up," he said, "I'll circle around. There's no way I'll make it up this!"

"I though you ..." I started to say but he cut me off.

"Oh shush-up, little man, let's not waste time. It's getting late; I'll catch up with you, don't you worry!"

"Hey, maybe I should come with you?"

"No. I'm not sure how long it'll take to get around this," he replied, paused and gave me reassuring look, "Don't be scared, shorty, I'll find you. I have to, you know, how else are we going to convince your sister?" And with that parting remark and a big grin he was gone.

It never ceased to amaze me just how light he was on his feet and how quickly he moved for a big man. I watched as his silhouette dissolved into the caliginous shadows of the trees and wondered whether I could really take him in a fight.

*****

It hadn't been an easy climb because the chimney skewed and narrowed dramatically near the top making progress impossible. I was forced to traverse out onto the main face which was a lot more dangerous in the fading light. I was free-climbing or more accurately, free-soloing, without the benefit of a safety rope and had to feel with my fingers for cracks and ridges, anything to pull me onto the face. One mistake, a tentative grip or a loose rock, and it meant a sixty-foot drop guaranteed to put a damper on my trip!

When I finally got to the top, my thighs and arms were burning with the strain. I stood there, bent over, shaking out my arms, loosening them up thankful that I had brought the chalk along. The last thing you needed on a climb was sweaty palms. And, that's when I heard muffled laughter coming from nearby. There was someone else up here.

The camp was in a small clearing about a hundred yards from the ledge. There were five of them and they had a pretty good sized fire going. Three of them looked like paunchy, middle-aged executives but the other two were in pretty good shape. One of them was different. He was tall, a bit taller than me, maybe about six four, lean and muscular and if you knew what to look for you could tell that he could take care of himself.

When they saw me approaching, they stood up and one of the three older men called out, "Hi there stranger, not lost are you?"

But before I could reply, the lean one by the fire stepped towards me, not quite in my path, but without question, in a confrontational manner.

"Who are you?" he asked with an edge to his voice.

He must have been in his early thirties. His hair was cropped short in a buzz cut. He face was narrow and hard with a wide, lipless mouth and a strong shin. His thin, aquiline nose, thick brows and deep set eyes gave him a hawk-like expression. My first impression of him was right – this guy had a hard bark on him.

"I'm Luke Meacham," I replied, trying to remain neutral though I resented his tone, "my friend and I are camped about a mile from here. We thought we heard a scream - did you guys hear anything?"

"Yeah, we heard it too. It could have been those girls ..." A second chubby guy with a round, friendly face started to say but was cut off by the hawk.

"Maybe we did and maybe we didn't. What's it to you?" He asked, being obviously belligerent.

"Aw, come on, Cooley ... there's no need for that!" The first man said and then extended his hand convivially, "I'm Bill Jacobs, and yes we all heard a scream. We even considered investigating it but Cooley here thought it was a bad idea, you know, chasing after who-knows-what at night."

"That's not what I said!" the lean one retorted, "I said it's up to you but I wanted to make it clear that I can't be responsible for three out-of-shape guys playing Rambo out here! That's what I said."

Bill Jacobs gave Cooley a cursory glance before replying, "There's certainly some validity to that. We are a bunch of big city slickers looking for a harmless weekend adventure. I don't think we'd make it too far, not without Cooley or Jeff."

I liked him; he looked you in the eye and was honest. And, it was pretty evident that Cooley was calling the shots. He was the guide and Jeff, the young kid, was his sidekick. The boy looked friendly enough; possibly a college kid looking to make some extra money on the side.

"Did you see anyone else up here?" I asked, addressing Jacobs.

"A group of four passed by early afternoon; three women and a man." He answered, then pointing eastwards across a small ravine he added, "It came from around there but whatever it was, there was just one short scream ..."

He shrugged and made a face leaving the obvious unsaid. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out who they had seen. I was on the right track and closing in on Rachael.

"You mentioned a friend?" Jacobs queried.

"He's taking the long way around – he'll be here shortly."

Good question - where the heck was Danny? What in the world could be keeping the big man? And just then, with the uncanny timing of a Hollywood script, Daniel Benn materialized.

It was like a classical, quondam movie. The sky lit up in hues of orang and gold, the silhouette of trees their silvery flecks of leaves shimmering in the backdrop and our Phoenician hero, rising up from the flames! He came sauntering in without a care in the world, an allegorical Paul Bunyan; axe in hand, giant bull by his side and riding the wings of the Northern winds. He glowed fiery-orange in the fading embers of twilight and called out to the camp, giving them all a big, radiant smile.

"Hi there, friends, do you have place for weary traveller?" He asked, his rich, baritone carrying over the hiss of the rustling leaves.

There's something fascinating about rather large men. I mean, really big men who exude strength especially when they are blessed with imposing attributes like Daniel Benn obviously was. We admire those Sunday afternoon gladiators, gridiron beasts, who lock horns in tests of brute strength and those that are born with exceptional physical ability. We look for Samson and Hercules in our friends and heroes, men who transcend the boundaries of mere mortals.

Longfellow said it best in his ode, "The Song of Hiawatha" -

"Dear, too, unto Hiawatha

Was the very strong man, Kwasind,

He the strongest of all mortals,

He the mightiest among many;

For his very strength he loved him,

For his strength allied to goodness."

And like Kwasind, there was an inherent goodness in Daniel Benn that I sensed the very first day I met him - a streak of decency as big as the man himself. And that was what made this confusing. There wasn't another person I'd want courting Rachael but my own needs muddied these already murky waters.

After the initial pleasantries were over, Danny and I stepped to one side.

"They saw Rachael earlier. And they heard the scream," I said pointing to the East where Bill Jacobs had indicated.

"Let's not jump to conclusions. There could be other hikers out here." The big man said, "This is big country."

"I know but just in case ..."

He looked across the shallow ravine, covered in evening shadows, the trails dense with trees, rocks and brush. He stood rubbing his chin thoughtfully then turned to me and offered, "It's too dark. I had a hard time getting here so as much as I want to press on, I say we bed down for the night and pick-up at first light. What do you say?"

I realized he was right and whatever it was, there was really nothing we could do now.

"I agree," I concurred, nodding my head.

"Ha! You're not as obdurate as you look, little man," he said with a smug expression on his face. Except that he pronounced it 'ob-doo-rate'.

I was about to come back with a retort when Jacobs walked up to us.

"We were just about to eat. Why don't you join us?" He asked.

"Thanks and much obliged but are you sure? My friend here can eat a Brahma Bull and that would be the appetizer!" I cautioned.

Jacobs laughed and smiled up at the big man.

"We have plenty. We were going to stay a week but unfortunately, Fred isn't feeling too good. Nothing serious but I think we've all had enough of the great outdoors. We are heading back tomorrow to the comfort of room service. You'll be doing us a favor. We don't want to haul it all back with us!"

"That's very kind of you. And yes, I could most probably chow down a side of beef right about now but I'm on a diet. I've got to look good for my girl!" The giant said patting his flat stomach and giving me a wink.

I just shook my head. What the heck was I going to do with this Brobdingnagian dope? I was beginning to like him more every day; a brother I never had, but deep down this uneasy feeling kept gnawing at me, this feeling that once Rachael saw him, I would be history. Damn! That would be a pisser! I was so in love with her and couldn't stop thinking of her. Well, we'll just have to wait and let things play out.

Jacobs and his friends turned out to be pretty nice people. We enjoyed their company and they were obviously taken with this Bunyanesque clone. Over dinner, Danny entertained us with hilarious stories of his misadventures filled with self-deprecating humor and I swear by the time the meal was done, these men would have followed him across the Styx into the depths of Hades. That is, all except Cooley. He was suspicious of the giant from the very first moment and made no attempt to hide his dislike. I got the feeling that Luther Cooley disliked just about everyone. I caught him looking at me several times during the course of the evening, a curious expression on his face, and I felt certain that, sooner or later, we were destined to face off. 

And just as we were about to turn in, Cooley stepped in front of me, "Do I know you, buddy? Were you with the First Army SOF unit?"

He was in my space, up in my face and normally that's all it would have taken but this wasn't the time or the place. I gave him a blank look.

"Special Ops - Afghanistan?" He pushed, his breath smelling of mint and garlic.

"No, not me, brother, you have me confused with someone else," I replied and stepped around him to get the blankets from Jacobs.

I could feel his eyes boring through the back of my head as I walked away.

****

The Trap

For Rachael and Kyla following the swathe of trampled branches and brush that lead higher-up the mountainside was relatively easy; almost too easy. They had waited until dawn and at the breaking of first light they began their search for Susan leaving her brother, Andrew Breland, back at the campsite.

Surprisingly, his condition had improved during the night. He had regained consciousness and seemed stable enough. The damaged nose was more of a concern than the stab wound which seemed to have scabbed nicely. There was a clear fluid draining from his right nostril and that was worrisome. And he was running a mild fever.

They had moved him into their tent and wrapped him in several blankets.

"Find her, please, Rachael, you have to find Susan!" He had muttered through split and swollen lips.

"We will. You need to rest and don't worry, Andy, we will find her. We won't come back until we find her!" Rachael had promised him, her tone and manner resolute.

After checking on his bandages and making sure he had water and was comfortable, Kyla pressed a can of pepper spray into his hand.

"It's set. All you have to do is point and press here." She instructed and then covered him with a blanket and asked for the hundredth time, "Are you going to be okay?"

Andrew nodded and grimaced as the pain shot through his head and abdomen. He closed his eyes and whispered, "Go on, don't worry about me; hurry and find her. Just find her ..."

Though they were conflicted about leaving him unattended, it would have been madness to venture after whoever it was, alone. There was safety in numbers and the two of them together would pose much more of a problem for man or bear.

The description of the assailant that Andrew gave them was sketchy at best. He didn't get a clean look at the man. The attack had been silent and sudden. The man had camouflage face-paint on and was wearing hunting or military fatigues. He wasn't very big, about five ten and maybe one seventy, but Andrew recalled thinking how incredibly strong the man was; coiled and sinewy with anfractuous muscle. He had tried holding on to him, to prevent him from grabbing Susan, but he was no match for the intruder. That's all he could remember before he was knocked unconscious. He had no memory of the stabbing or the ensuing blows to his face.

However, the fact that it was a lone renegade that they were dealing with reassured the women giving them a sense of security and confidence. There was no way they could have known that this was a trained killer, a modern day Ronin, a Samurai without a Master. If they had, they would have waited for help.

The plan was to reconnoiter the surrounding area for clues before venturing blindly after the abductor but a few minutes on the trail and they caught the glitter of sunlight reflecting off of a metal object. It was a thin, silver bracelet. It was lying, partially hidden by the recumbent blades of grass, in the middle of a narrow pathway and could have very easily been missed.

Kyla picked it up and read the inscription on the outer face: Susan and then turned it over to read the post script: To Eternal Love, Andrew

It seemed that lady luck was on their side.

"It's Susan's," she said softly and gave it to Rachael.

Rachael examined it briefly before putting it away in her pocket. Susan must have lost it in a struggle with her abductor or maybe even dropped it intentionally as a clue. Smart girl.

"They must have gone that way," Rachael said pointing to the path that led into the trees.

They followed the freshly flattened grass and the faint, rustling sounds of someone or something moving ahead of them. Whenever they felt like they were gaining on their quarry, the signs and sounds would disappear only to be picked up again several yards ahead of them. It was like chasing a shadow – always close but never close enough.

At one point they were sure they were lost and were wandering in circles. Then almost miraculously they happened on a small ribbon of cloth that was caught in the brush. It was from Susan's bright yellow tee shirt.

"I get the feeling he's toying with us," Rachael said as they stopped briefly to get their bearings. They were in the middle of nowhere.

"Rach, we can go back now and get help, it's not too late." Kyla said looking around, "If we keep going I don't think we'd find our way back."

Rachael thought about it. This was the proverbial fork in the road, do or don't, will or won't. Like Luke said; it always comes down to those who are willing to stick their necks out.

"No, that would take too long. We need to find her. If it was me, I'd want you to come looking for me." She paused and then added, "And, I know Luke is out here. He'll find us, Kyla, I just know he will."

Kyla was quiet. She was frightened but she knew that Susan's plight was a lot worse. She could only imagine how terrifying this ordeal must be for her, that is, if she was still alive. She tried not to think about what might have occurred at night, the thoughts filling her with renewed determination.

"You're right. I'd want you to look for me too. I just hope she's okay."

After about an hour of trekking deeper into the remote mountainside, they came to a small waterfall that splashed noisily into a shallow pool. The water was fresh and so clear you could see all the way to the bottom. They filled their canteens and splashed their faces with the cold water, wiping the grime and sweat off. They dabbed themselves dry and looked around. They had lost him again.

"We're close. He'll want to be near water." Rachael observed.

"Where to now, mi amiga? Do you want to try left or right?" Kyla asked.

Just then, they heard a cough echoing as though from a tunnel. It sounded close but there was nothing in sight. Then they heard it again, this time louder and it seemed to come from behind the waterfall.

Rachael moved to where the water cascaded into the pool but it was solid rock with no opening behind or near the falls – none that they could see. They stood studying the area when they saw the bushes, a few feet above the pool, move. It was the unnatural shaking that caught their eye.

"There ..." Kyla pointed.

When they got to the dense boscage, they discovered the entrance of a cave-like opening that was secreted behind the thicket of leaves and shrubbery. It would have been impossible to detect unless you pushed the branches aside. It was perfectly blended with the surrounding foliage.

"I'd have never seen it," Kyla said.

"I think that's the idea. He's here somewhere and he wanted us to find it." Rachael replied, "It's beginning to give me the creeps!"

"Beginning?" Kyla retorted.

They looked at each other, the tangled emotions of fear, anxiety and frustration boiling over in angry bravado.

"Okay, let's do it then!" Kyla whispered, squeezing Rachael's arm.

When they entered the cave they realized that it was a series of Daedalean grottos and tunnels with beams of light streaking in, beacons they could follow, hoping it would lead them to the other side. It was mostly dark and damp with water trickling down the sides and running in a narrow stream by their feet. At several points along the snaking interior, the path narrowed or ended abruptly and the only way to move forward was by rappelling across the side walls and ceiling, crossing over and around the spiny speleothems.

Clinging by their fingertips they swung from crack to crevice, slowly traversing the breaks until finally they arrived at a larger excavated cavern with an opening on top. They climbed up the sides and pulled themselves out onto the open. They had egressed onto a wide ledge displaced in latitude from their initial entry by several miles.

"Wow! There is no way anyone could find this!" Kyla said.

Rachael put her finger up to her lips and shushed, "Shhhhsh, did you hear that?"

It was that distinctive cough again and it came from so close by that both women froze. Kyla grabbed ahold of Rachael's arm in reflex. They stood still, eyes scanning the trees, listening for any other sound that would betray the location of the abductor. They were certain now that it was him and certain too that he was leading them into a trap. Their nerves were frayed, emotionally drained, and it took all their willpower to keep it together.

Rachael could feel her heart pounding, her mind racing with the adrenalin dump. Her mouth was dry, her palms, sweaty and cold, and she had to force herself to remain calm. This was it. She could sense it. Luke! Damn it, where are you?

In the stillness, Rachael looked over and sensed Kyla's fear mounting too. There was a part of her that screamed: Run! Run now! But gritting her teeth, she willed herself to stick it out. She felt her heart drumming in her ears and found comfort in her friend's proximity.

"You check there," Rachael whispered pointing to the right, "I'll look over here."

The women scanned the area around them, gleaning the shadows and rock formations thoroughly. Their fear resurrected the monsters and creatures of their imagination, those demons lurking in the mottling penumbra and within the bristling leaves that swayed and danced with the wind. Psychotic mutants with burning eyes that lay hidden in every nook and behind every corner. Welcome to our lurid world, they hissed!

"See only what's there and trust your eyes," Rachael said admonishing herself.

"Do you see anything?" Kyla asked.

"No ... nothing!"

Just then she noticed the outline of a ridge poking through a narrow break in the trees.

"Look! There! It's got to be there!" she whispered pointing ahead of her.

Using low hanging branches and tangled creepers, they pulled themselves up the sharp gradient and onto the plateau. And as soon as they had cleared the ledge, they saw her – it was Susan. She was bound and gagged but her eyes were wide open and filled with fright.

*****

Flashback six years – The Family Caucus

We sat around the table quietly with me staring into my cup of coffee. I couldn't bring myself to look at my parents or my sister. What do you say to your parents after they catch you fucking your sister? Not just fucking your sister but fucking her on their bed! It was embarrassing and pathetic and it was all I could do to keep myself from getting the hell out of there. My mind screamed: Shoot me. I'm guilty, guilty ... G-U-I-L-T-Y!

If the silence was a ploy to make us uncomfortable, it was working. My parents sat stoically, sipping their coffee and taking turns looking at Rachael and me as though they were expecting us to give them an explanation. But unless my sister had something up her sleeve, I certainly had nothing to offer. But more than facing the music, it was this imposed monastic expiation that was driving me nuts.

When I was fifteen, I was grounded for a week for punching a kid from the neighborhood in the mouth and if I was to use the same yardstick, I'd surely get life for boning my sister. I had this ludicrous image of me living with my parents when I was fifty! And for some reason, in that fleeting warped chimera, I looked decrepit and hoary, like Grandpa, while my father looked like himself, i.e. younger than me. I couldn't help but smile.

"You think this is funny, Luke?" My father asked noticing the change in my expression.

"No sir, I was thinking about something else," I said quickly my voice sounding strained.

He was quiet and I could feel him studying me while I twirled my cup contemplating the distorted reflections floating in the silvery surface. What was Dad thinking? That his son had somehow become a deviant? And how could that have happened?

"I think we could all use a laugh," he said, "don't you think? What about it Luke, share the joke with us!"

"It's nothing, Dad ... not a joke. I was thinking about Brad Welkins. The time Brad tried kissing Rachael and I punched him out!"

I saw Rachael smile.

"That wasn't funny. You knocked two of his teeth out!" My father retorted angrily. It most probably brought back the memory of the bill he had to pay to have them fixed.

"No, it's not that. You grounded me for a week and I thought ..." I stammered and then added, "Oh, forget it! I'm sorry. I didn't mean to take this lightly or get distracted but what do you want me to do? We've been sitting here waiting ..."

"Okay, fair enough. Let's get on with this. You mother and I have been discussing the incident and though we have our disagreements on how this should be handled, we both agree on the behavior we expect going forward."

He paused and looked at us before continuing.

"It would be unfair to impose our beliefs on either of you. You are not kids anymore. But I think," and he stressed the 'I', "it is unhealthy and will have serious repercussions on both of you later in life. But then, that's just my humble opinion."

He paused and looked at Mom and now I knew what they had been arguing about. It struck me right then: Mom didn't think it was such a big deal. I was astounded as the implication sank in and looked over at Rachael but she seemed oblivious and just sat there staring down at her hands.

She looked incredibly pretty and I felt myself getting excited again. Rachael had that effect on me. I looked at her mouth, those lips, pouty and full, and the images of her sucking me just a couple of hours ago came flooding back. My cock was painfully hard and I squirmed in my seat, trying to get comfortable, when my father's voice cut through the lewd reverie.

"We have a few questions and then we will let you know what your mother and I have decided. Is that okay?"

He looked at us waiting for a response. Rachael and I nodded. I told you, this was all very democratic and that was the painful part. We had to participate in our own punishment.

"Maggie, do you want to add something?" My father asked Mom.

"No, dear, you're doing fine." Mom answered.

"Rachael, since you are younger, were you coerced in any way?"

For a moment I thought he was kidding. Coerced? Meaning like forced? Raped? I had suddenly been delegated to the status of a sexual predator. I was about to protest but Rachael shook her head, "No, it was nothing like that."

She spoke softly, her voice trembling slightly. It tugged at my soul. I wanted to reach across the table and hold her hand and promise her that no one could do anything to her – not even Dad.

"You need to speak up. I didn't hear that," Dad said.

"She said no! No!" I snapped so emphatically that Rachael and Mom were startled and looked over at me.

"I didn't ask you, Luke, I was talking to your sister." Dad responded; calm and cool as ever.

"No, Dad, I wasn't coerced or taken advantage of or forced or seduced..." she said a bit more forcefully.

I saw my father turning a bit red and knew that this was very uncomfortable for him and somehow that gave me a feeling of power. If he only knew that his baby girl had initiated this - it would've blown his freakin' mind!

"Okay, then one final question, who initiated this?" Dad asked on cue.

Both of us answered at the same time, "I did!" It was as though we had rehearsed it.

"I did, Dad, it was me ... Rachael just went along," I continued, beating her to the punch.

"That's such a lie!" Rachael exclaimed, "It was me. Luke, please; please, let me ..." but Dad cut her off.

"It really doesn't matter. I don't want to prolong this. You mother and I have made an appointment with Dr. Keller. She comes highly recommended in dealing with these matters - highly recommended. Tomorrow, both of you will go and see her at 10 in the morning. Is that understood?"

"What about school? I have a test tomorrow," Rachael protested.

"Your mother will take care of that. She'll call and let them know that you will be coming in late. You can always make-up your test later."

He stood up and looked relieved that it was finally over. I was relieved that he didn't kick me out of the house!

"Is there anything either of you would like to say?" He asked and when we shook our heads, he added, "Go back to your rooms and use the remainder of the evening to think about what you have done. Ponder seriously on the consequences and hopefully you can come to terms with your actions."

Always the professor! Who the fuck "ponders" anything? And, what would he say if he knew that while they were arguing about having us talk to Dr. Spock, my sister and I had been sucking and fucking like bunnies hopped-up on aphrodisiacs! Yeah, ponder that, Dad!

*****

Back to the Present: The Trap gets Sprung!

Josh Woodard watched the women through the leaves in the dense bushes. He was just to the right of his tiny, log cabin. He had been careful in choosing its location – it was built into a large rock face so that the only access was from the front. It made it easier to defend against animal or man.

He had Susan staked as bait in the small yard and all he had to do now was to wait. They would take the bait. Of that he was sure, and his plan would have worked to a tee. It was all so simple once they began following him and now that they had made it through the caves, there was no going back. They were his. He felt a sexual thrill shoot through his body.

"Everything comes if a man will only wait."

It was one of his favorite sayings and by one of his favorite people, Disraeli, the British Prime Minister who was popular in the late 1800s. Josh Woodard was a history buff and loved to read. His other passion was Human Psychology especially as it applied to people under duress. He smiled to himself as he waited. He was expert at waiting.

In the back of his mind he knew that once he had secured these two lovelies he would have to go back and finish off the man. Always finish what you start and never leave an animal wounded – it was as simple as that.

*****

Skinning the Cat

As soon as they saw her, the women stopped, their bodies flooding with relief.

"Susan!" Kyla called and made a move towards the open, "Hold on, I'm coming ..."

"Kyla, wait! It's a trap!" Rachael reached out and grabbed her friend before she could cross into the yard towards Susan.

She pulled her back forcefully, edging backwards into the cover of the trees.

"That's what he wants. If we are together, he has a better chance of getting us. One of us needs to go to her while the other circles to one side. That way, when he does show, we can make a fight of it."

Kyla remained quiet, not really listening but getting the gist of the logic. Her mind was shutting down to everything but the chore at hand. She had reached a stage where she just wanted this to be over. She didn't care; there was no chance of flight - it was time to fight.

"I'll go and get her," Rachael whispered, "you stay here and if he shows you come out. Let's kick his sorry ass! Do you have the bear repellent?"

Kyla raised the pepper spray she was holding in her hand, "Right here. If this can handle a Grizzly, it sure will take care of this sicko!"

"Remember, we get Susan and get the hell out of here!"

"Yeah! Get the fuck out of Dodge, girl, if we can ever find our way out!"

"Focus," Rachael said more to herself, "focus on the task."


"Okay, wait there," Rachael pointed to her left, "you'll have a clear line of sight. Are you ready?"

"Yes."

"All right then, let's rock' n roll!" Rachael muttered and made a mad dash into the open.

*****

The Ultimate Predator

Woodard sat crouched. He hadn't moved a muscle in over twenty minutes. He saw the women enter the clearing and then watched as they retreated back into the trees. What the fuck were they doing? He tried to pick them out from the shadows under the cover of the branches but the mottled lighting, transitioning from shade to bright daylight to shade again, made it virtually impossible. Something must have tipped them off. It had to be Susan, there was no other explanation. He didn't know how she did it but she did – hey, good for her. He liked the spirit in the girl. It was okay. He would just have to take them one at a time. It will be more fun that way. He liked the way the game was unfolding.

He crawled away from the cover of the bushes beside the cabin, slithering back into the trees. He would circle behind them and then decide his course of action. It would be like shooting fish in a barrel. That's when he saw Rachael running towards Susan.

*****

Picking up the Trail

I was sure I'd be the first one up but I was wrong. Though it was early, not quite light as yet, Jacobs and Danny were sipping coffee and chatting softly, squatting on their haunches by the fire. It was still cold with a chilling nip in the air but it was clean and brisk and filled with the tantalizing smell of freshly brewed coffee.

They saw me stirring and Jacobs greeted me, "'Morning! Did you sleep well?"

"Yeah, not too bad once I got used to his snoring – like a fucking freight train!" I answered indicating with my head in the direction of the big man, "I'm surprised that you guys could sleep through it."

They laughed and then Jacobs commiserated, "Oh, we heard it alright. I had to get the ear plugs out!"

"I'm sure he's scared off every grizzly in a ten mile radius!" I added.

"Every living thing on this mountain!" Jacobs concurred, "I was convinced we were having an earthquake!"

We both laughed while the giant shook his huge head and smiled at good natured ribbing. But he did snore, and it sounded like a buzz-saw on steroids!

"Okay, now that you've had your fun, little man, you had better get up," Danny said, "We've got to hit the trail."

"Oh, fuck off! I need a cup of coffee before we do anything!" I snapped back.

"Tsk, tsk, tsk! Is that anyway to speak to your soon-to-be brother-in-law? Huh? What would your sister say?" He admonished, shaking his head, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.

I ignored his remark and scooted over with the blanket wrapped around me and took the cup he held up to me.

It struck me that Danny never cursed. He had to be the only man I knew that didn't use any foul language. Not even the more acceptable ones like ass, shit, tits ... nothing, not a bad word. That was just so wrong! Men cussed and that was the way it should be. Fuck! I knew guys who had turned cussing into an art form! I would have to have a word with him about this.

We washed up and were saying our goodbyes to our new friends when Cooley joined us. I wasn't sure where he had been but he wasn't there when I had gotten up.

"Heading out?" he asked.

"Yes. We've taken up enough of your time and hospitality," the big man replied and extended his hand.

Cooley brushed by him, forgoing the handshake, and came over to me, "I'll be seeing you. Not sure where or when but I'm sure we'll meet again."

It was a strange thing to say but I looked him in the eyes and nodded and then went back to lacing my shoes. I had the same feeling. There was something unfinished between us and it needed closure. It was karma.

I had dated this girl in college, very avant-garde, into all the ancient philosophies and she had explained how Reincarnation, Karma and Karmic Destiny all worked together. How certain people were tied to others for grievances from previous lives, their paths linked through time to pay off a debt or to exact payment for a debt. It sounded like Eastern mumbo-jumbo at that time but now I knew exactly what she meant.

"What's with him?" The big man asked me.

"He's got a tiny dick. And that bugs the hell out of him!" I replied.

The giant let out a roar, laughing so loudly that the others couldn't help but smile even though they had no idea what we had been talking about.

"You are a funny man, Luke, a very funny man." He said and was about to slap me on my back but I skirted away. That wasn't happening – a friendly whack from this guy could leave you in a wheelchair.

We said out goodbyes, wished them luck and headed out. Jacobs gave Danny his phone number and address offering his hospitality anytime the giant was in Montreal.

After some initial banter, we fell quiet. The big man was focused on the trail, reading the signs that would lead us to Rachael and her friends. And me, well, as much as I tried I couldn't shut out the past, haunted by those lubricious thoughts of my sister. My mind raced back to the night after the family caucus ...

*****

Flashback six years: The incredible Night

After dinner, where neither Rachael nor I really ate anything, we had been ordered back to our rooms to "ponder" on the consequence of our actions. But, the only thing I was pondering on, with brilliant anticipation, was how many different ways I would fuck my sister again. I was pretty certain that once my parents retired for the night, Rachael would come to my room, drawn like a moth to a flame. But it was Mom who opened the door without knocking.

"Are you okay?" she asked softly.

I was quiet. Was I okay? No, I wasn't okay but what was I going to say? I grunted – it was my troglodytic response to most parental curiosity. How was class? Grunt. Who was that girl you were talking to, honey? Grunt. Why are your sister's panties soaked with you semen? My what? Grunt. Why did you fuck your little sister, pervert? Sick. Grunt!

She came over and stroked my hair like only mothers can and leaned down and kissed my forehead, "It will be alright, darling, try and get some sleep. We'll talk in the morning."

She closed the door behind her and I heard her go into Rachael's room and then shortly after, head back down the corridor to the master bedroom. Okay, the curfew check was over. I was sure that Rachael would be knocking any minute. I waited, tossing and turning, until finally, I dozed off into a fitful sleep.

I dreamed of my sister, not in sexual ways but of incidents that had taken place when we were kids. These were dreams that were mostly innocent that streamed in non sequitur, without any order to their sequence - Rachael playing volleyball, swimming in the pool, laughing when we played cards, sitting at the dining table, lying on the couch – it was Rachael in Wonderland all over again. There was one where she had fallen off her tricycle and was crying and that was when I woke with a start and glanced over at the clock. The time was almost 1:00 AM and I knew she wasn't coming. No pun intended.

I lay there staring at the ceiling debating whether I should go over to her room or just try and go back to sleep. The smart thing would be to sleep but my coagulating desire for her won out. I tiptoed across the hallway trying to avoid those creaking floorboards that were peculiar to wooden houses. Though I knew exactly where each culprit was, it proved impossible to navigate and I just hoped and prayed that Mom hadn't heard. She was a notoriously light sleeper and the last thing I needed was her catching me outside my sister's room sporting a very obvious hard-on. I opened the door and slipped in and shut it behind me.

Rachael's bedroom was not as dark as mine. She had always been a bit frightened of the dark and never slept without a nightlight and now in its hazy, yellow glow I could see her silhouette beneath the covers. She was sleeping curled up on her side, knees pulled up in a near fetal position. Her hair, a silky halo, lay spread in a tousled, golden mess on the pillow. Her lips, soft and full, were slightly parted and I could see her nostrils flaring imperceptibly with each breath. She had the cutest, pointy little nose. The covers were pulled up under her arms and I recognized the oversized, Bugs Bunny tee that she sometimes wore to bed.

I pulled back the covers slowly, careful not to disturb her, and eased myself onto the mattress. I felt it give and heard the rasping groan as the bed creaked in protest. Shit! I didn't want to wake her up, not yet anyway. Rachael shifted slightly and murmured something unintelligible, her eyelids fluttering for a second before she settled back and was still again. I waited, allowing her breathing to normalize and then lay down next to her and closed my eyes.

After a few minutes I turned and spooned myself against her and felt the warmth of her body radiating into me. The softness of her curves and the smoothness of her skin were titillating my senses - aphrodisiacs intoxicating me, snared by the specter of what was to come. I felt my cock lurch and twitch with anticipation, getting even harder at the thought of fucking her again. I placed my arm around her waist with my palm resting on her tummy and gently pulled her into me. She felt so smooth and soft and firm all at the same time, the contact of our bodies, laced with textured sensuality. I was lying pressed against her with my cock nestled in the crack of her ass and was sure she would wake up but she didn't. I nuzzled my face down into her hair and was filled with a salmagundi of fragrances: a clean synthesis of perfume and soap mingled with the unique smell of her.

I kissed the curve of her neck and began caressing her belly, using my fingers to feather around her bellybutton and heard her emit a soft, drowsy moan, "Mmmmm!"

I continued to nibble and place soft kisses on her neck, tickling her earlobe and running the tip of my tongue along the sensitive area behind her ear all the while maneuvering lower, my fingers pressing, fondling and massaging her gently until I had reached the front of her panties to the downy softness of her pubic patch.

I could feel the heat from her pussy and ran my fingers along her slit, pressing her panties into her and felt her body jerk and stiffen and then her hand covered mine.

"What ... Luke, what are you doing?" she asked, her words slurred with sleep.

"I need you, baby," I replied, sucking her earlobe into my mouth.

I felt her shiver and her face turned backwards towards me.

"We shouldn't, Luke. Oh God! I can't ..." she muttered sleepily, "I can't stop thinking about what we did! I can't stop thinking about you. We need help, Luke. We ..." but she didn't move away, just held my hand where it was, in between her thighs pressing into the triangle of her sex.

I leaned over and tried to kiss her pushing my hand further, cupping her vaginal apex, when she wriggled away and turned onto her back and said, "Please, Luke, I don't want to do it. I ... umm ... I just want to sleep, okay?"

I was taken aback. This, I didn't expect.

"But why? You were ..." I started but she cut me off.

"I don't know why. I don't know anything anymore. I think Daddy's right; we need to talk to someone. This isn't normal ..." she replied struggling for words but was fully alert.

"You want me to leave?" I asked, unable to control my irritation and feeling more than a little rejected.

"No! Please don't go. Just hold me, baby," she said turning into me, "hold me. Can we just do that?"

I was quiet, looking into those huge, soulful pools of blue lapis.

"Okay, if that's really what you want."

"Thanks, Luke, I just need to think ..." she whispered, "Maybe tomorrow it'll all make sense!"

I was lying on my back now with her on her side, her one leg bent and thrown over my thighs. She had one arm across my chest, reaching up, toying lazily with my hair. Her face was buried into my neck and I could feel the moist warmth of her breath rising up against my cheek, her mouth, so tantalizingly close. I used my left arm to pull her against me and closed my eyes. It wasn't what I had in mind but it was better than not having her near me.

"Mmmm," she whispered, "this is nice ..."

Was she kidding? Nice? I was sure she could feel my cock throbbing against the inside of her thigh. I lay awake for a while, enjoying the warmth spreading along the nexus of our bodies. I could feel the gentle cadence of her breathing and the fleshy pressure of her breasts as I slowly drifted off to sleep.

I awoke to the soft feel of her lying against me; her face tilted upwards, lips parted sensually; her eyes closed in a dreamy, soporific stupor. It was so very tempting – the nearness and availability of her. My arm was still around her with my hand resting against her lower back along the rise of her ass. We fit so perfectly - Brother and Sister - Ying and Yang.

At some point during the night, the comforter and the flimsy top-sheet had pulled down and lay in a tangled, rugose heap around our ankles and feet. She was still on her side with her leg thrown over mine. My cock, which was trapped under her thigh, was throbbing salaciously, leaking precum, wetting us both. I couldn't resist her any further. I pulled her gently to me and ran my fingers along the crack of her ass down towards her pussy, pressing my middle finger into her.

She sighed and moved, lowering her leg and freeing my cock then turned over onto her back. My hand was now under her panty covered ass. Her tee shirt had ridden up above her hips but her eyes remained closed and her breathing was even. She was still asleep.

I inched over to her and bending lower, I kissed her naval just above her bellybutton.

Her response was a slurred, sleepy whisper, "Mmmm, please baby ... you promised."

She turned away from me, holding my hand in hers and lying on her side. We were back to square one. I lay down spooned against her again. She was gently rubbing my arm, her fingers drawing lazy, random designs, sensual origami that defied translation, and surprisingly we slipped slowly into an uncomfortable slumber.

When I woke up next, it was because of her. She was rocking her hips imperceptibly, back and forth, sliding her ass along the underside of my turgid shaft. I lay still with my hand resting on her tummy, enjoying the frottage caused by her subtle movement. I wasn't sure if she was awake or whether this was some instinctive response to a wet dream she was having.

"Rach?" I whispered in her ear but there was no response.

She continued to gently rock her hips, back and forth, to and fro, her breathing getting shallow and erratic. I wanted to lean over to see if she was awake but didn't want to run the risk of her stopping. It just felt so good that I really didn't care whether she was awake or not. She was stimulating my cock, which lay pressed between my stomach and her ass, back and forth, back and forth. I noticed then that her hand was between her legs covering her sex and it struck me - she was masturbating in her sleep (if she was asleep). This was just too much.

I covered her hand with mine and gradually pushed hers away, replacing her fingers with mine, riding the furrow of her pussy. Her panties were wet, soaked slick with her juices, and when I felt for her clit, she cooed and spread her legs wider. I fingered her for a while, pressing firmly into her, stroking her from the top to the base below her vaginal opening. I gently rubbed the sensitive region between her cunt and her anus, that dirty inch so bundled full with nerves. I could feel her trembling; her breathing now labored, panting with intermittent whimpers and moans catching in her throat. And each time I moved my fingers down into her slit, away from her clit, she would roll her hips, adjusting her motion, trying to maintain contact, her hand pressing mine deeper and harder into her.

I began kneading her breasts using my left hand which was under her, squeezing those spongy, firm mounds, teasing and pulling on her nipples. Each time I pinched the nubby tip and rolled them between my forefinger and thumb, her body would twitch and her legs would jerk disjointedly and she would let out a girlish squeal, a sensual cry that flirted on the boundaries of the pain-pleasure threshold. There was no doubt in my mind – she was awake now.

I tugged her panties down, peeling them off of her and felt her raise he hips in a collaborative effort; a submissive gesture that ended any restraint on her part. Then bending over, I ran my tongue down her abdomen towards her pussy. I saw her thighs splay wider and felt her fingers running through my hair pushing me into the triangle of her sex. I shifted, scurrying around so my feet were facing away from the footboard and I was lying inverted, curled up against her side. I leaned over and kissed her again, tracing the cute gyre of her bellybutton with the tip of my tongue. I could feel her trembling and her fingers grabbing, once again, at my hair.

"Mmmm ..." a soft girlish gurgle of a protest, but that was all.

And when I looked back at her, in the dim haze, I could see her eyes glistening, white and wide, dark turbulent pools clouded with lust, waiting eagerly for my mouth to cover her swollen lips, before she closed them again.

I went lower, leaving a trail of soft, wet kisses while I cupped her ass with both my hands. I squeezed and kneaded her butt cheeks until my mouth covered her pussy. My nostrils were filled with her heady, piquant scent as her nectar trickled out of her, her flavor filling my mouth and my senses.

I looped my arms further around her, with my hands on the inside of her thighs, spreading her wider and sucked her clit into my mouth. I heard her gasp, her body arching, hips thrusting upwards and her fingers digging into my waist. I continued to manipulate her slit, licking up and down and using the tip of my tongue to pry in between her clitoral hood. I did this a few times before sucking the little, hard pea back into my mouth. I held it gently between my teeth and flattening my tongue, working over it as rapidly as I could.

This time she moaned loudly, a sexy, guttural panting, asking rhetorically, "Ohhhhh! Oh God, what are you doing to me?"

She was leaking profusely now, that viscid ambrosia streaming down the crack of her ass leaving a growing wet spot on the bed. I could feel her tugging at my hips, pulling my boxers down trying to turn me towards her – she was looking to sixty-nine. We readjusted our bodies, scrambling with somatic urgency, lying on our sides, our faces buried in each other's sex. I could feel her fingers digging into the cheeks of my ass, pulling me to her, as her mouth clamped around my cockhead.

I was licking and sucking her with the fervor of Satyric lust; pushing my tongue deep into her, wiggling it in and out, feeling her body undulate; the tiny tremors racing from her core making her legs twitch and jerk. I loved the way she tasted, tangy and sweet, and that spicy, distinctive redolence, a fragrance of her musky, erotic flower.

I pushed a finger into her tight, little hole moving it back and forth, thrilling to the slick, constricting of her cunt while I sucked and licked the lips of her pussy. I was trapped in the concupiscence, drawn in by her tiny climaxes, working her through to the laudatory pinnacle of arousal, again and again. I was discovering that my sister was multi-orgasmic, capable of having several and different types of orgasms. Some, shallow and mild, pleasant spasms that lasted seconds and others, deep and soul wrenching that wracked her body and seemed to endure forever.

She was moaning around my shaft, sucking the flared head, her delicate fingers, stroking my cock up and down. Her tongue swirled around the pulsing rod, a spiraling, untiring helicoid, teasing the sensitive underside while her lips rode the flared ridge of my glans. She would alternate between sucking on and rubbing the ravaged tip with her fingers, accompanied by the isochronous squeezing of the base near my scrotal sac, an act that caused the mushroomed dome to flare grotesquely, then using the palm of her hand, she would stroke around the coronal rim, rubbing the mushroomed cap made slippery by the comingled salve of spit and precum, sending incredible jolts of pleasure shooting through me. 

And just when I though it couldn't get any better, she would suck the tip quickly in and out of her hot little mouth before taking me deep until her face, pressed up against my pubis, was skewered on my raging pole. I could feel her struggle with the gag reflex but the feeling of her swallowing the tip down her throat was inexplicably intense, simply nonpareil. God, she was good; a natural at sucking cock. And what made her so proficient was the fact that she enjoyed it, in fact, she loved giving head.

We kept pleasuring each other, sucking, stroking, licking, swallowing ... heading inexorably towards that moment of bliss. The closer I got, the surer I was that she wanted me to cum in her mouth and that was when she pulled off of me.

"Please fuck me, baby, I need you inside me ..." she was pleading in her little girl voice.

She didn't have to ask twice. I gave her one final lick, a long, wet swipe that ran from her perineum up to the tip of her slit and then climbed on top of her. I straddled her hips with my cock, red and raw, bouncing against her tummy as it throbbed expectantly and leaning over I kissed her, a deep soulful kiss. And while we sucked on each other's tongues, I shimmied downwards, squeezing in between her thighs, my cock leaving a slimy, silver trail of precum along her belly. She spread her legs out wider while I settled on top of her. I could feel the heat rising from her pussy and her fingers groping for me, holding my cock and guiding the tip into her vaginal opening. I pushed with my hips wanting to bury myself in her but instead my cock slid along the wet length of her, burrowing in between the silky lips of her cunt.

"Ohhhhh ..." it was a soft whimper of protest from deep in her throat.

She grabbed me again, a frantic and quick gesture, guiding the tip back to the portal of her core while pushing her hips back into the mattress to give herself room. This time she held my shaft firmly, positioning the head nestled against her opening. She thrust upwards trying to impale herself and sensing her urgency, I ploughed down. I felt her spreading open and my cock sinking gradually into her cunt until our crotches were pressed together with my cockhead throbbing at her cervical gate.

"God! Baby, it feels so ... I'm filled up with you!" She gasped into my ear.

We fit perfectly and why shouldn't we? We were made from the same DNA; cock and cunt matched by genetic code.

She felt so tight and wet and incredibly hot that I lay there on top of her, unmoving, wanting this feeling to last, to never end. We were fused together, physically and emotionally, and for reasons beyond me, I knew then with certainty that we would forever be one. There might be others in my life but no one would ever be with me like she was.

I felt her hips moving, fucking upwards at me and heard her gasp when I pulled out, withdrawing all the way so that only the head was in her. I held for a moment, flexed my cock and then drove in again, plowing back deep into her until I felt the puffy hardness of her mons against my crotch.

"Do it, baby, just fuck me ... fuck your little sister," she whispered lewdly while her hips rolled and undulated under me.

I began to fuck her in earnest, sliding my entire length in and out of her, feeling the fleshy lips of her pussy gulping at me each time I pulled out. And, when I plunged in, she would thrust up, our timing perfect; immaculately synchronized, not by experience but by lust. We maintained a steady pace fucking each other, our hearts pounding together, breaths steaming against cheeks, hands sliding, grabbing, holding – she was panting and groaning and whimpering and whispering inaudibly into my ear, lewd, incestuous thoughts that urged me on, arousing me further and further.

"Oh God, you feel so good ..." she groaned out loudly, "Faster baby, faster ... harder ... fuck me, fuck me ... unh, unh ... Ohhhhh ..."

We picked up the tempo, fucking harder and faster, our bodies slapping against each other. The bed, creaking loudly, the mattress springs groaning, their grating percussion joining the squishy symphony of our sex.

"Kiss me, Luke ... unh, unh ... kiss me, now ... unh, unh ... kiss your baby sister," she said, her voice breaking in time to my thrusts, and I could feel her searching for my mouth, her breath icy-hot against me.

I felt her open up and her tongue snake into mine, swirling, twisting sucking and being sucked. She tasted so refreshingly good, incitingly soft and slick as my tongue ran along the roof of her mouth, sliding by the pink insides between her cheeks and gums. I sucked gently on her lips, kissing her chin and throat, arching my neck to suckle on her nipples all the while fucking her without a break in our rhythm.

And then sensing a change with the cadence of her breathing, her legs tightening, I pressed my fingers into her clit, rubbing just hard enough to push her over the edge and that did it. I felt her hips bridging high, trembling against my body, her cunt in spasms around my cock, her body twitching and jerking under me. This was a deep one.

"Ahhhhh, I'm cumming! Unhh ... unh ... unh ... I'm cumm-mm-mmmming! Oh God ... don't stop, fuck, fuck ..."

And as I pumped my cock into my ravishingly lovely sister, she thrashed uncontrollably in the throes of her orgasm, sucking hungrily on the finger I had pushed into her mouth. What a sight she was!

I fucked her faster and harder, ramming in and out of her, wanting to join her at the apex of her climax, to cum with her while she was washed over in waves of pleasure. And then I felt it, that tingling starting at the tip of my cock, my cum boiling up from my balls and she must have sensed it.

"Cum inside me," she hissed, "cum inside your sister ..."

And I blew. I pumped shot after shot of my sperm deep into her belly, her cunt milking me, our bodies grinding together until there was nothing left but the twitching of my cock inside her.

"Give it to me. Give it all to me ..." she said in between moans, her words lost in the incoherent rambling of lovemaking.

She had her legs wrapped around my hips, her hands pulling me into her as I lay on top of her, sweaty and spent. Then we rolled onto our sides.

"That was so good ..." I said finally and kissed her, "... you feel so tight. Incredible, baby, fucking incredible!"

We were lying still fused together, my cock buried in her and not fully soft. She was stroking my face, smiling, strands of her hair plastered to her forehead and cheeks. I was playing with her breasts, gently pinching her nipples and holding her to me by small of her back. I could feel the dampness of her skin, the telltale remnants of our vigorous love.

"There's no hope for us, is there?" she asked in her little girl voice.

"None. We are doomed to fuck each other until we die!" I assured her with a smile and liked the little laugh that this elicited.

"What are we going to do, Luke? What are we going to say to Dr. Keller?" she asked turning serious again.

"I don't know but what we are going to do right now is fuck some more!" I said and began stroking gently into her, "I'm going to fuck you silly, baby girl ... fuck you senseless!"

I maneuvered her so she was on her back again, her knees bent, legs drawn up and her feet bracing against the mattress. Just the look on her face, the wanton, fuck-me-please expression, had me harder than ever.

"Oh God ..." was her only response as her arms wrapped around my neck.

*****

Back to the Present: Hunlen Falls

We found the campsite without too much trouble and even from about a hundred yards, I recognized Rachael's tent. It was sunflower yellow with a picture of Mount Everest on one side and with red, white and blue tassels on top. When I saw the damage to the other tent the first thing that crossed my mind was - BEAR!

"Shit! That must have been a Grizzly!" I remarked.

"That's no bear," the big man replied, "it's too neat. Grizzlies are messy critters! You see the clean cuts? No frayed edges - that was done by a knife."

And as we got closer, he yelled out, "Hi there! Anyone home?" Then after waiting a short pause, he called out again, "Helloooo!"

There was no response. The camp looked deserted but when we got closer, we saw a man crawling out of Rachael's tent. It was Andrew. I recognized him from the Skype calls we had exchanged while planning the trip but he looked awful, like he'd been 12 rounds with an angry Mike Tyson.

"Luke! Man, it's good to see you!" He said, his words, indistinct, like he had cotton in his mouth.

He stood up unsteadily, taking a tentative step towards me when his legs buckled. Danny was the first to reach him. A quick, giant stride and he had him around his shoulders.

He eased him gently to the ground and said, "Easy, little man, easy ..."

And after a while, what Andrew told us was far worse than anything I could have imagined ...

End of Part 3

Wilderness Paradise Pt. 04
byu06la14b©

Part 4

The Present - The Reluctant Surrender

Rachael had just crossed the yard and cut the first binding of the rope that secured Susan to the stake when she heard the discommodious sounds of feet trampling through the heavy undergrowth of the brush. It had surprised her. It came from behind her and to her left where Kyla should have been. When she looked up it was Kyla that she saw first, that was before her mind could comprehend the incongruence of what was happening. And then the realization that there was a man behind her sank in with sudden and surprising clarity; a hideous monster with a painted face. There it was; the anathema of her nightmares manifested in the flesh.

He had Kyla by the hair; head pulled back acutely so that her face was pointing to the sky with an 8-inch, hunting knife held to her throat. And, through the clammy confusion of fear came the cognitive awareness of an irrational and Byzantine parody. On the one hand, she could hear the melody of songbirds accompanying the bristling percussion of leaves as the trees tops swayed to the timeless signature of the breeze, their harmony building to a spirant crescendo before dying to a reluctant silence, stalling then raising its rasping chords again. And on the other hand, she faced the conflicting and fearful reality squinting against the sunlight reflecting off the polished blade, its honed edge pressing with choleric precision into Kyla's jugular.

"I'm sorry, Rach ..." Kyla started, her voice strained by the pressure on her neck.

Rachael stood frozen, crouched over Sarah, eyes wide and focused with mongoose attention on the monster. The sweet anticipation of exoneration and freedom now curdled in her mouth as the cold fingers of terror squeezed at her heart. It compressed the very breath from her, the pressure building in her chest, suffocating her while her head drummed with the heavy pulse of her pounding heart. "Calm down, calm down, Rachael! Think!" she told herself, "You have to think! It's your only hope!"

Her mind raced out of control, desperately trying to process the myriad of thoughts - some logical, others irrational and bordering on hysteria and yet others steeped in hope and desperation and fear! How could he have overpowered Kyla so quickly and without a sound? Was Kyla okay? Should she fight? Or run? Yes, run away; escape within the realms of fantasy. And when she opened her eyes, things would be the way they should be and this would prove to be nothing but a cerebral hoax; a bad dream. She was sure that it was her mind's subterfuge creating an illusion of madness and on waking the nightmarish creature would be gone!

But when she blinked and looked again, nothing had changed. He was still there, only closer and more ominous with Kyla in imminent and extreme danger. She wavered on the ledge of indecision, her thoughts funneled through a venturi to the one person she had depended on all her life: Luke! Luke, I need you! Now, baby, now ...

"Drop it!" it was a soft command but there was no mistaking the underlying menace.

There was a brief struggle as Kyla fought against the monster.

"Don't! Don't do it ..." Kyla gasped, struggling ineffectively.

The man pulled Kyla's head back father and drew the knife lightly across her throat. A tiny droplet of blood trickled slowly down her neck, the slithering trail of a scarlet Asp disappearing into the collar of her shirt.

"Shut up! Shut the fuck up!" he hissed shaking her by her hair.

Rachael hesitated. If she dropped the knife she was helpless; they were helpless. It was the only weapon she had. And then, through the paralyzing fear flashed the thought - the pepper spray! Shit, it was in outside pocket of her backpack!

She glanced over at it -- about five or six feet away where she had dropped it in her haste and eagerness to get to Sarah. There was no way she could retrieve it in time. She did a quick mental rehearsal: a forward roll that would put her right at the bag, snap the Velcro clasp, fish for the canister and -- and Kyla would be dead! It had been stupid of her to keep it in the backpack. Stupid, stupid, stupid! Why didn't she keep the damn thing in her pocket? Oh God, Luke!

"I'm not asking again. Drop it or I'll cut her fuckin' head off!" This time it was a sibilant hiss, his eyes, unblinking; cold blue chips gleaming iridescently.

There was no mistaking the seriousness of the threat. His chilling demeanor was magnified by the sinister anonymity of camouflage and Rachael knew, with utmost certainty, that he would slit Kyla's throat without a second thought.

"Listen, you don't have to do ..." Rachael said in a soothingly conciliatory voice.

He jerked Kyla's head back forcefully, dragging her backwards so that her legs were away from her body unable to support her weight.

"Ahhghh ..." Kyla groaned and struggled to regain her feet. Her voice gurgled sickly as the air supply was cut off from her tracheal passage.

His eyes had narrowed to slits, a viper before the strike. Rachael knew she that she was dealing in moments, skirting with her friend's life, she had to decide now. She straightened up, looked over at Sarah, then shook her head helplessly and dropped the knife ... *****

Flashback 6 years -- the Morning After

I woke up when I felt my sister extricate herself from the sensual mosaic of arms and legs braided together in night's sybaritic embrace. I blinked the sleep out of my eyes and saw her standing by the bed, nude, looking down at me. The covers had pulled away in our frenzied lovemaking leaving us both exposed.

"You'd better go back to your room, baby," she whispered, "Mom will be up soon."

I raised myself up on one elbow and lay there, on my side, staring at her, my mind numb, not yet fully awake and teased by the remnants of love and lust. She looked ravishing in the hazy light, her body covered in the variegated deceit of shadows, a hypnagogic Aphrodite - my sister, my lover, my sultry whore.

"In a minute," I said sleepily and then asked, "Where are you going?"

"I have to pee. I'm so sore, I can hardly walk!" She murmured then smiled before adding, "You're still leaking out of me."

She saw me looking at the triangle of her sex, at the enticing portal of her cunt hidden within the nexus of her thighs and I knew that she was feeling self-conscious. She turned slightly, looking away. She was so damn cute. My little Bugs! Was this giddy euphoria, this feeling of unbridled elation, was it love? I mean real love, where the thought of being away from her caused a knot in my chest? I couldn't explain the underlying need that parched my throat and fogged my mind, leaving me wracked and useless. I could only wonder whether these were the symptoms of real love or just the result of hormone-driven infatuation. I wasn't sure but whatever it was, I was filled with it. I couldn't get enough of her.

I had fucked her three times during the night and she had sucked me off once claiming that her pussy was too sore to make love. That was the last time. And when I climaxed, it was a dry-pulse, an effete jerking and pumping, spilling nothing but a residual dribble of milky ejaculate into her mouth. But that didn't deter her at all; she kept sucking and swallowing, using her fingers to drain me like a straw, an insatiable dryad, squeezing every drop of the viscid elixir down her throat. It gave new meaning to the cliché of being "sucked dry"! That memory, of her lips riding the rim of my cock, was so fuckin' hot that I wanted to do her again.

She saw my cock twitch, engorging with blood, and let out a squeal, "Oh no! No more. You better leave before I call the police!"

And with that she giggled and ran off into the bathroom. ******

The Confession at the Rookery

By the time Rachael and I came down for breakfast, Dad had left so it was just Mom at the dining table. She was watching the news on the kitchen TV and got up when she saw us.

"Come on, we're going to the Rookery for breakfast," she said and put her arm around my waist.

The Garden Rookery was one of our favorite places. They severed breakfast all day and their omelets were to kill for. My favorite was called the "Twisted Vegan". The name was a bit misleading. It was golden-yellow and fluffy and stuffed full of veggies and farmer's cheese wrapped in twisted strips of bacon and served with a piquant, red sauce that would have you begging for mercy. They also offered the best damn Apple Pie, Dutch style, with a cinnamon-crumbly crust. Rachael and I would get it warmed and a la mode with two scoops of their homemade vanilla ice cream soaking into it. We had always shared a plate and the thought of that buttery-cinnamon flavor revived the memory of my sister's juices -- her mucilaginous sap tinged with hints of cloves and sweet spice!

The large patio had booths against one wall that allowed for privacy while offering a great view of the fountain and gardens. This place was Mom's haven when she wanted to meet with her friends and get away for a few hours.

We made small talk until breakfast was over and just when I felt that this was our first step to normalcy, Mom dropped the bomb.

She looked down into her coffee, gathering her thoughts, and then addressed us, "I think we need to talk about what happened yesterday but before we do, I'd like to apologize for the way your father and I reacted."

Apologize? I stopped chewing -- this was a first.

She looked at both of us and then continued, "I'd better explain. I'm not sure how to say all this but I refuse to be a hypocrite, at least with my children."

She sat quietly and my mind began conjuring up worst case scenarios when she continued, "You need to know something about me, something that I've kept a secret, um, until now. Not because I'm ashamed of it but because others wouldn't understand. It is not something you normally talk about especially with your kids but considering what happened, it's only fair that you should know how I feel."

She was speaking quickly and our curiosity was now piqued; we both sat staring at her. Rachael had put her fork down and had stopped eating. It was obvious that my mother was struggling with what she was about to tell us and I didn't want to rush her. Mom could talk a monkey off a tree so whatever it was, it must have been important.

"Your father and I disagree because," she paused, "... I know exactly what the two of you are going through ..."

She stopped and stared into her coffee again, then looked at us deliberately and dropped the hammer, "I've shared some of the same experiences with my brothers."

There was dead silence. The shrill cacophony of the neighboring conversations and the restaurant's ceramic clatter faded into a halcyon white-noise leaving the three of us isolated in a Bizarro world. Whoa! Mom and Uncle Phillip? And Uncle Jack? I couldn't believe it. They acted so normal together at our family reunions. They couldn't have done it -- they couldn't have fucked each other! There was a difference once you were intimate with someone and they didn't behave any differently. But what the heck do I know! My mind was spinning from the implications of my mother's confession: Mom with her brothers and now Rach and me? Did this run in families? That was a thought, a possible dissertation for my doctorate someday!

Rachael, who had been quiet until then, was now studying Mom with rapt attention. She gave me a quick look and smiled and then I felt her hand on my lap, squeezing my thigh under the sanctuary of the table.

"You mean you did it with Uncle Phil and ..." her voice sounded breathless.

"Yes!" Mom cut her off, "We can leave it at that or you are welcome to ask me questions and I'll answer them as honestly as I can. But I don't believe I was impacted negatively because of it. On the contrary, I have only positive memories and feelings. Having two people who loved me and allowed me to explore my sexuality was the best thing that could have happened to me at that stage in my life."

We were all quiet for a while coming to terms with the nuances of this revelation and the impact that it would have going forward. I felt Rachael holding my hand, fingers interlaced and resting on my lap. Then she kissed me on the cheek, not like a sister but with the familiarity of a lover, and sighed and laid her head on my shoulder. She disengaged her hand form mine and began rubbing the inside of my thighs.

Mom looked at us and smiled ruefully and then looked away again. I wondered what she was thinking seeing us now, her children sitting across from her, obviously lovers. Did it bring back the memories of her brothers? Was there any regret or did it rekindle her desire? I wish I could have known but some things can't be asked, they need to be revealed.

I'm not sure how long we stayed like that, without talking, but it was Rachael who spoke first, "When did it start, Mom, and how?" she asked gently.

My mother smiled, a wry smile, as though the incident had been a funny one. Then I saw her take a deep breath before beginning.

"I think the first time I was openly aware of Phillip sexually was when I inadvertently caught Lisa Keating with him. They were behind the garage and she was ..." her voice trailed off and I knew my mom was struggling for the appropriate words, "she was, um, masturbating him. Lisa was his girlfriend and was very pretty. I remember feeling jealous of her when we first met, which was confusing, but it might have been because she was the first girl that Phillip was so taken with. He had just graduated high school and was getting ready to leave for college and they were spending as much time together as they could."

She sipped her coffee before going on.

"I had seen them kissing and fooling around before but nothing serious, just cutesy things. This was a first and the thing I remember most was being extremely excited and very confused. I didn't know if I should stay or run but I guess my curiosity won out. I stayed, hidden behind the side wall, and watched them with fascination. Their sensual burlesque was mesmerizing -- it was like being a voyeur at a private sex show. I was quite naïve so this was a major revelation for me. I also remember feeling frightened and thrilled at the possibility of being caught. I couldn't breathe. I can still recall the anxiety ... it was all so crazy and amazing at the same time. I waited until they had finished and then ran as fast as I could to my room. I wanted to replay it in my head as many times as I could before the memory of it faded!"

Her cheeks were flushed and I could tell she was either embarrassed or excited by her recollections.

"That night I couldn't sleep; my mind was buzzing with what I had witnessed. I tossed and turned thinking about them and about Phillip, about ..." she waited a bit, as though she was sorting through and arranging the memories so she could verbalize them, "... about how incredibly exciting the climax was. What I didn't know was that my brother had seen me standing there. That night, after my parents had gone to sleep, he came into my bedroom and took me. Not by force but gently and with love -- I wanted him to. I couldn't have asked for a better initiation for ... um, you know, for my first time; to lose it, to lose my virginity! And, I have never regretted gifting it to my brother. So there, now you know."

She looked away into the distance and I could tell that she was uncomfortable having shared something so intimate with her children. After all, she was our mother. I loved her phrasing of the last part -- "gifting" -- for that was exactly what it was. A woman gifts herself to a man especially the first time!

I reached across the table and squeezed her hand, "Thanks, Mom. That's pretty intense and must have been difficult ..."

"What about Uncle Jack?" Rachael asked, cutting me off.

"Oh, Uncle Jack, yes, of course; one night about a year later Phillip brought Jack with him and we had a threesome, a ménage a trois. They had to talk me into it and even though it was really exciting, I preferred being with each of them alone. Jack was only two years older than me and was the quiet one. We were intimate for a very short time. He was also a lot more religious and honestly, he was a lot less enthusiastic about the liaison. I think he thought of it as some egregious blasphemy against the church. But with Phillip ..."

She left it unsaid. She didn't need to elaborate, the answer was there, said with simple honesty if you bothered to read between the lines.

"Do you two still ..." I started but didn't quite know how to ask the question.

"No. We were lovers for quite a while but it stopped when I married your father."

"Does Daddy know?" Rachael asked.

"No. And I don't ever want him to find out. It would hurt him deeply and I'd rather die than see him hurt!"

I had a feeling she said that for our benefit, for us to use some discretion and to be careful when my father was around.

"When was the last time Uncle Phil and you were together?" Rachael persisted, "Like lovers?"

My mother was quiet. I don't think she had meant this to be about her; with us delving into her past. I think she thought that her empathy would have been sufficient. However, she hadn't counted on Rachael who was, well, just being Rachael. To her credit my mother tried to answer the question as forthrightly as possible but like most relationships involving love and sex, the answers weren't quite that simple.

"When things got serious between your father and me, I called Phil and told him we couldn't be lovers anymore and that I had found the man I wanted to marry. At first he was upset but later, after we had talked about it, he calmed down and said he understood, that it was all for the best anyway. He was posted in Germany at that time so it was actually a blessing. I could focus my entire attention on your father."

She reached across the table for the sugar, added another packet and stirred it into her coffee -- Mom had a sweet tooth and the joke at home was that she drank sugar with her coffee!

"On the day of our wedding, Phil surprised us. He had been granted emergency leave and caught a late flight from Frankfurt to New York and then drove all night. It was early when he got home and I was still in bed. Normally in the mornings, Mom and Dad were quieter than monks in a monastery. Dad would watch the news and Mom would read the newspapers until we were all up but that morning, I could hear voices in the kitchen. I didn't think much of it -- I mean it was my big day and I assumed they were talking about it. Then things quieted down again and I dozed off to sleep."

She fell silent again. It didn't take a Rocket Scientist to figure out where this was going.

"You don't have to explain, Mom, you really don't! We understand. Right, Rachael?" I said and elbowed my sister.

"No, I want to know. I have a right to know ..." she said, her tone turning brattish and petulant.

"It's okay, dear, I don't mind," she said to me before continuing, "It's just that some of this is pretty complex and convoluted. I loved your uncle in ways sisters don't normally love their brothers ..." she paused and looked at my sister, "I think you'll understand that."

Rachael blushed then nodded and a little later I felt her hand groping between my legs for me.

"He told Mom and Dad that he was going to surprise me that he had a special present for me: and he did. Before I knew what was happening, he was in bed with me ..." she stopped and I could tell that the memory was a difficult one, maybe even painful, but she collected herself and continued, "... and was forcing himself into me. I struggled at first and threatened to scream but that didn't stop him. He just laughed telling me to go ahead, that he would tell Mom and Dad everything and would tell your father to call off the wedding, that I was not in love with him. And while he was saying this he was on top of me, doing it; making love to me, if you could even call it that." 

I was in shock. My mind was being overwhelmed by lewd images of Uncle Phillip and my mother. I glanced obliquely at Rachael and knew that she, like me, was trying to digest this giddy information. Her cheeks were slightly flushed and there was a subtle change in her breathing. I felt her fingers tighten around me just as Mom continued.

"I couldn't stop him; deep down inside, I didn't want to stop him. Nothing felt as good as when I was with him and he knew it! And that's that only sad part. It was never the same with your father. I loved him dearly but it was very different; when I was with Phillip I felt complete in ways I can't explain."

Mom was admitting to us that she had been intimate with her brother on her wedding day and that her feelings for him transcended even her conjugal bonds -- this was getting pretty heavy! I stared at my mother as if seeing her for the first time. I don't think I can ever describe the feelings coursing through me at that moment. Excitement, vindication, gratitude, shock and even disappointment -- it ran the entire gamut. But, most of all I felt an overwhelming sense of love for her.

"When it was over, I cried and told him that he was a bastard for taking advantage of me and that I could never forgive him for ruining my wedding day ..." she was talking softly now, "But in the end, I wanted it as much as he did. We stayed in bed and made love all morning and into the afternoon almost until I had to get dressed. Mom and Dad never asked and we never explained what we did in my room all that time. I think they knew but they never brought it up. That was it; that was the last time we were intimate."

"Do you think of him, Mom, I mean ..." Rachael started then stopped not knowing if she was crossing boundaries but then decided to press on, "... when you are with Dad? Do you still miss him?"

"I used to think of Phillip a lot more early on, when your father and I were first married. Now, I do, occasionally." Mom replied with sincerity, "And I miss him when I'm feeling lonely. It was not just the sex; my brother could make me laugh. He had a way of making things better ..."

Rachael reached across the table and squeezed Mom's hand then holding it up to her face, she kissed it gently, "I love you, Mom, and thank you for being honest and sharing this, this incredible part of your life. I'm not sure how it's going to turn out for us but I will always love Luke, always!"

"I know, dear, and that was one of the reasons I wanted you to know. There are risks in loving your brother," Mom answered her voice tinged with melancholy.

"What about Dr. Keller, Mom? Do we have to see her?" Rachael asked, "I really don't want to tell someone about my feelings for Luke. It's none of their business!"

"I understand but unfortunately, yes, you have to see her. Your father set it up. But don't worry about it -- go see her today and then I'll run interference with your father."

My mother's confession had a profound effect on me. As far as I was concerned, it legitimized my feelings for Rachael and had gotten me super-excited. And by that time, my cock was rock hard, threatening to explode, throbbing like a pressurized, hydraulic hose. It didn't help that Rachael was now fondling it through my trousers. This whole "confession thing" was affecting her as much as it did me.

"We have a little time," my mother said looking at her watch, "we can sit here and talk or I can drop you off at her office and pick you up later. Just call me when you are done."

I was in a predicament, I couldn't stand up. I'd fracture my damn penis, that's for sure! And, to compound the dilemma, I didn't want my sister's sensual caresses to stop. It felt absolutely fantastic having her delicate fingers fluttering up and down my shaft, squeezing and stroking it, shagging me gently while my mother and the people around us remained oblivious. And while she was pleasuring me, she stared at the menu as if memorizing the entire list. Her cheeks, oddly rutilant, blushing rouge pink and if Mom suspected something, she didn't let on.

"Can I have another cup of coffee?" I pleaded hoping that a bit of time would solve the problem.

I tugged at Rachael's hand trying to get her off of me and whispered in her ear, "What are you doing? Behave!"

But that had no effect on her, none at all and instead, much to my astonishment and consternation, I felt her unzipping my fly. Now, I was certain that Mom would have noticed but my mother was looking past us to the doorway leading to the patio and waving at someone.

"Look its Beth!" Mom said standing up, waving, "Beth! Beth! Here ..."

Beth Agnoli was a member of Mom's dance group. She was small and thin with dark features, big, bright eyes and a quick smile. Her son, Alex was in the same class as Rachael. I hadn't seen Mrs. Agnoli in quite a while but I was grateful for her propitious timing.

"Hello Maggie," she said, hugging Mom. They were standing right next to Rachael.

That didn't faze my sister one bit. I felt her fingers wrap around my cock, drawing it cautiously out of my trousers. She looked sideways at me and smiled triumphantly. She was leaning forward, her left elbow on the table, using her body to shield us. My mother and Mrs. Agnoli were within inches of the table with waiters and waitresses bustling about, all in dangerously close proximity and my sister sat there nonchalantly diddling me! It was surreal.

Mrs. Agnoli turned and looked down at us.

"Rachael, you get prettier every day!" She gushed, then turning to Mom, "... Maggie, she really should try modeling!"

My mother laughed politely. She was used to hearing this. There's no explaining the fascination with blue eyes and blond hair not that Rachael wasn't pretty but I'm sure that should she have been a brunette with brown eyes, people wouldn't have made such a fuss.

"Thank you," Rachael murmured demurely and squeezed my cock making me squirm.

"And Luke, look at you! My god, you've grown so big! How tall are you?" She asked looking over Rachael's head at me.

"He is big," Rachael said giggling softly and squeezing my cock again.

My mother gave her a sharp, curious look and repeated, "How tall are you, Luke, six-one?"

"Six-two, Mom," I replied quickly trying as hard as I could to sound normal.

It was a challenge to remain still with Rachael fondling the slick head of my cock. Her fingers were relentless, massaging the sensitive ridge causing jolts of pleasure to race through my body, making my toes curl. The slippery pressure of her hand riding back and forth across inflamed dome made me twitch uncontrollably and the inscrutable mask of insouciance was beginning to crack as wave after wave began to crest and peak.

The unbelievable part was that no one seemed to notice the salacious masquerade that was unfolding, either that, or they pretended not to notice. I couldn't believe that Mom hadn't figured out what Rachael was doing.

They stood chatting while Rachael kept stroking me, slowly and sensually. The soft clicking of my foreskin, lubed slick with precum, reverberated in my head ricocheting within my dormant rationale, those cautionary sounds that were incessantly cajoled by her exquisite stroking.

Unable to control her, I closed my eyes and willed the world away, my body run through by the profusion of desire and lust. I couldn't stop myself from thinking about my Uncle fucking my mother on her wedding day -- that was so cool. I knew then that I would do that too. I would fuck Rachael on her wedding day so that it was me she tasted in her mouth and my cum that she felt trickling down her thighs when she walked down the aisle. It would become a family tradition.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, Mrs. Agnoli said goodbye and left.

"I'm going to get another cup of coffee," I said hoping that it would distract Mom.

"I could use another cup too!" she joined in and waved down a waiter, "I have to use the ladies room. Rachael, do you want to come?"

"I'm good, Mom. I'm thinking of having a second helping of dessert!" she said, tongue in cheek and flipped the menu card over.

The double entendre was lost on Mom and she said, "Go ahead and order for me -- I'll try the caffé latte."

As soon as Mom disappeared into the main building, Rachael did something that surprised the heck out of me. She scooted down under the table and in one svelte move, sucked my cock into her mouth. She tugged impatiently at my legs so that I had to lean back slightly and inch my ass forward to give her sufficient access. I looked around furtively, certain that someone must have noticed her table-dive, but everything seemed normal; people were engrossed in their own conversations and were paying no particular attention to our increasingly gauche behavior. It helped that our booth was sequestered towards the end of the patio away from most of the congestion. But it was still quite remarkable that in a place to crammed full with people that not a single person noticed my sister's prurient behavior.

I slipped my hand under the table, running my fingers through her silky, soft mane; pulling her gently into my crotch thrilling to the feel of her mouth, hot and wet, sliding up and down my shaft. She had worked up a steady rhythm, coaxing me with her fingers, sucking and stroking alternately, her soft whispers pleading and urging me to disembogue.

"Cum for me, baby, please ..." she whimpered in her little girl voice, "Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm, mmmm ..." moaning in staccato as she sucked the flared tip in and out, her head bobbing frenetically on my dick.

"Ssshhh, not so loud, Rach ... oh God ...." I whispered down to her.

"Promise me you will do what Uncle Phil did to Mom," she said, squeezing the root of my cock tightly, "promise me that you will fuck me on my wedding day, darling brother, promise me that, promise me ..."

"I will, I promise ..." I whispered, "... not just your wedding day; I will fuck you forever, sis," I croaked in response.

I could feel her breath, hot and damp against my lap, rasping in time to the sweet, slurping sounds of her paratrophic fervor.

I kept turning around, checking for Mom, perversely thrilled by the chance of discovery and my sister's oral proficiency. She was cock-crazed, a tortured nymphet, hot and indefatigable and I was her prisoner. We were both spurred on by thoughts of my mother with her brothers doing the things we were doing, our sibling debauchery rising, bubbling up and boiling over in a cauldron of white, turbid heat. We were their souls reincarnated again to fulfill the bliss that I am sure they pined for.

I knew that I couldn't last much longer and all too soon I felt the incipient tingling at the coronal rim as my cock flexed in her mouth. My sperm was primed and churning at the base of my shaft.

"I'm close, baby, I'm going to cum soon," I groaned, "Suck it, suck the head ..."

I grabbed her hair, holding her in place and jacked myself into her mouth. I could feel her tongue swirling around the tip of my cock, wetting my fingers as she lashed and licked indiscriminately, her mouth, open, wanting, waiting eagerly for the fleshy reward she had worked so hard for.

"Tell me when," she murmured, "I want it all, baby ... cum for me, please, cum for your sister!"

Her hands were pressed against my thighs, fingers digging into the fabric of my trousers. It only took a few more strokes before I began discharging into her.

"Suck it, suck it, baby, I'm cumming ... ohhhh ..." I gasped incoherently.

As soon as the first ropey glob hit the back of her throat her mouth closed around the tip and she began sucking with a ferocity that was unmatched by any of my prior experiences. My legs twitched and went rigid and I doubled over onto the table. She ripped my hand away and took over stroking me while maintaining her frenetic suction, swallowing and moaning as the musty fluids drained down her throat. And while she serviced the pulsing head, I thought I had surely died and gone to heaven.

During the post-climactic respite my senses gradually regained their rationale. I looked around but there was no sign of Mom and no one had caught on. It was amazing! Rachael had done it -- she had blown me in a public place and that was a first for us.

I felt her give my softening penis a final suck then, tucking it back into my trousers, she zipped me up. I was still tingling from my orgasm when she scrambled back up to her seat. The timing was immaculate, she had just enough time to settle back and take a sip her milkshake when I saw Mom walking back towards us.

Rachael smacked her lips, hugged my arm and said, "Mmmm, darling, that was the best dessert ever!"

Mom sat down, looked over at Rachael and said calmly, "You need to wipe your chin, dear."

There was no mistaking the small, stringy drop of ejaculate clinging to the side of my sister's chin. I cringed and was speechless. *****

Back to the Present: The Cavalry

We cleaned and redressed Andrew's wounds and moved him to a cubbyhole about fifty yards from the camp site.

"He'll be safer here," Danny said laying him down.

It was small niche in the rocks that the giant had found after reconnoitering the area, a perfect hiding place tucked behind a dense cluster of tree. It was also favorably positioned atop a slight incline making it almost impossible for anyone or anything to surprise him.

"The guy is left-handed," I said to the big man. I had noticed the damage to Andrew's right side.

"Yeah, you're absolutely right," Danny concurred, giving Andrew a quick once over.

"Keep that in mind if he comes at you, southpaws are difficult at best." I advised.

We made sure Andrew was warm, wrapped in several blankets, checked on his water supply and left him a few of our granola bars before we continued on our search for Rachael except now, there was a renewed urgency; I could sense it in the big man.

"Don't move until we are back," the giant ordered and smiled, "you hear?"

Andrew gave us a brave smile and then waved us on, the can of bear repellent still in his hand, "Go on. Find them. I'll be fine."

It became pretty evident that though he was hurt and distraught, Andrew was certain that the giant would bring his sister back to him. Like all the others who met Daniel Benn, he fell under the big man's spell. It must have been the element of competition (for the affections of my sister) that I felt which had me inured to his Mountain Man charms ... well, not completely immune. I was beginning to treat him like he was my family. *****

We arrived at the small waterfall without too much trouble. It was obvious that Rachael and Kyla weren't trying to hide their tracks -- a blind man with one leg could have found them.

While I looked around, Danny went over to the pool and dunked his head in then threw it back sending spray about a mile wide!

He slicked his hair back and shivered, "Brrrrr ... it's colder than a witch's teat!"

I smiled; I hadn't heard that one before -- a witch's teat? He was indeed a strange and intriguing man.

"Hey, look at that, there's something under the water ... there," the big man said pointing towards the right side of the lagoon where the water was shallower.

I walked towards the rocks above the pool to get a better look when he leaned over the edge and with the accuracy of a diving Osprey, he fished it out. It was a scarf.

He squeezed the water out with one huge hand and tossed it over to me. The large kerchief was faded red with a Dogwood floral pattern in black on the edge near the hem. There was an owl in the center. It was Rachael's -- a gift from Dad. When she climbed, she usually wore it knotted around her neck much like a cowboy's bandana.

"It's Rachael's," I said in a somber tone, my heart constricting at the thought that something might have happened to her.

He studied me for a moment, aware of my building apprehension.

"Hey, listen to me little man, the fact that it was placed under the water with a stone on it tells me she put it there for us -- a sign so we would know she's okay and that we are on the right track. That's what it means so stop worrying!"

The logic was pretty convincing. The abductor wouldn't have gone through the trouble of placing the kerchief under the water and securing it with a sizable rock. Why would he leave an evidential trace behind?

"She left it there for me, so I could find her," I said feeling better and quick to correct his earlier sentence.

He smiled, his emerald green eyes twinkling, the corners crinkling up, "You should know that she left it for us. She knows I'm with you -- it's that karma thing you explained earlier. Boy, you are obdurate!"

I was beginning to regret teaching him that word -- he now coined sentences up just so he could use it! But I missed her so much that without thinking I pressed my face into her scarf and was shocked by the algid dampness of it. It instantly chilled my face, jolting me back and when I looked over at Danny, he was smiling, "Don't worry, Luke, we will find her; it's my destiny!"

"Do we go left or right?" I said quickly trying to regain my composure.

"That's the strange thing. There are no tracks in either direction!" he replied with a bewildered expression.

"You think that there is a way under the water, maybe a submerged tunnel, and that's why she placed the scarf there?" I asked the big man.

"No, I looked ..." he said scratching his chin, "... it's solid rock."

We stood scanning the area around the waterfall, looking for any clues but apart from the scarf there was nothing. It was like they had been swallowed up by the mountain.

"You go that way," the big man said pointing left, "I'll look here and maybe we'll come up with something."

It wasn't long before I spotted the ribbons, more like swatches torn from a shirt. They were tied to the stems of a bush. They were yellow and fluttering in the wind.

"Danny, there's something here ..." I called out and began climbing towards the fluttering rags.

It was only when we got there that we noticed the dark opening behind the bushes.

"Well, well, look what we have here!" the big man growled pushing the bushes aside exposing the entrance to the cave.

We entered, cautiously, but after only a few feet, Danny grabbed my arm and retreated.

"Come on, I think I know where we are," he said, "there's a way around ..."

"They must have gone through here. Let's just follow this," I argued.

"No, it's too easy for someone to hide in there and ambush us. Trust me, I know where we are!"

I wasn't going to argue. He knew these mountains and I was beginning to trust him and his intuition: when it comes to shit like this, brothers don't argue, they trust each other blindly. *****

Prisoners

As soon as Rachael relinquished the knife Josh Woodard knew that it was over, there would be no resistance, at least for now. He stepped towards it and swiftly kicked it away into the bushes then instructed Rachael to open the front door of the cabin. Once the door was open, he herded them in all the while keeping his hold on Kyla.

It was dark inside and it took a while for their eyes to adjust to the dimness. The sunlight was muted at best, filtering through a crack in the only window which was located high on the eastside wall. They stood still, their hearts pounding with fear unsure of what was in store for them.

The main room that they were standing in was rectangular, more long than wide, with a wooden floor that was covered in quilted furs -- the skins of bear, deer, rabbits and foxes all crudely woven in a feral tapestry. The rest of the interior was nondescript except for the rather impressive pelt in the center of the room. It was bearskin, obviously that of a grizzly, sprawled majestically in lifeless splendor. It was enormous with a head the size of ten gallon drum and measuring at least fourteen or fifteen feet in length. Its mouth was frozen open revealing huge canines and the two black holes high on the head told the story of its demise. 

A large, wooden table, made with indecorous craftsmanship, stood in the far corner with an equally crude work-counter besides it. It was all functional without wasting time on the aesthetics. There was an old, nicked up chair on one side of the table and lanterns in each of the corners. The large door towards rear was bolted closed. There was a small doorway that led to another room to the far right of the cabin but it was bathed in darkness.

On the right side, before the darkened vestibule, was a wood burning pit with rocks placed in a circle that acted as a stove-top. And next to it were several smoke-blackened pots and pans. That must have been his kitchen. And, in the corner next to the utensils was a 55 gallon drum filled with water and fitted with a plastic faucet at the bottom. All things considered, this was a pretty cozy set-up.

When Woodard opened the huge backdoor, it revealed a small cubicle without egress, like a storage room. But it was empty except for a tattered blanket and a small lambskin pelt lying twisted on the floor.

"You two," he said, motioning to Rachael and Sarah, "get in. Come on, I don't have a lot of time. Get in!"

"No. You're not splitting us up," Rachael said defiantly, "What about Kyla? Where are you taking her?"

"Don't worry I'm not going to hurt her. There isn't enough room in here," he replied, nodding to the room, his tone sounding reasonable.

Rachael turned and peeked into the room, to get her bearings, but that was exactly what he had hoped for. Without warning he pushed her, hard, the heel of his hand hitting her in between her shoulder blades. It was instant whiplash - her head snapped backwards as she went tumbling into the room, sprawling onto the floor on all fours and while she gathered herself and was getting up, he shoved Sarah in after her. The smaller woman tripped and the two women fell back in a heap. All the while he had Kyla by her hair.

"Hey! Hey, wait! What ..." Rachael started to say but the door slammed in her face.

She could hear the cross bar sliding home with finality. They were now prisoners in a room that was pitch black.

"Rachael, I can't see anything. What's he going to do?" Sarah asked, her voice shaking with fear.

"I don't know but you have to get yourself together. We need to think and be ready to take action. Can you do that, Sarah?"

Sarah nodded in the dark but didn't reply. Her emotions were frayed and she was near the limits of her sanity, on the verge of a breakdown. She had been frightened out of her wits when the man had grabbed her and then, just when it seemed hopeless for her, Rachael had turned up. But the relief she felt then was too short lived. It was all just too much, this roller coaster ride. Now, in the dark, her fear was getting the better of her and there was nothing she could do. Her grip on Rachael's arm tightened and he began shaking uncontrollably. The demons began crawling up her back.

She fought it, the obvious disconnect from reality, but it was no use. She threw her head back and screamed ... *****

Hiding in Fantasy

Josh Woodard's excitement was building to the point of bursting. He had them -- three of them. Even in his wildest dreams he hadn't thought this could happen. He wanted Rachael, the tall, fleshy, blond one -- she was the crème de la crème, the one who really turned him on. He would take his time with her, relishing every moment but that would be for later. Now, this sexy vixen would have to do. Just holding her against him had aroused him. He was sure she had felt his cock pressing into her nice, tight butt. And, he had her intimidated enough so she wouldn't create any problems.

He was constrained by time; he had to go back and take care of the small girl's brother. He was surprised when he had heard them kissing in the tent and it dawned on him that she was fucking her own brother! Fuckin' perverts! He would teach her what a real man could do for her. That was going to be nice, yes, so damn nice. But for now he needed this one.

He dragged Kyla into the adjacent room, his bedroom, and pushed her in, letting go of her hair. They stared at each other, predator and prey sizing each other. His eyes wandered deliberately down her body, his gaze, lingering at the sharp crescent of her thighs. Her eyes wide with fright was searching desperately for an escape.

"You do what you are told and no one gets hurt. You cooperate and all of you will go free very soon. If you don't I will fuck you anyway and then I'll cut you all up into little pieces and feed you to the bears. I'll start with your pretty friend and I'll make you watch. Do you understand?"

At that moment they heard Sarah's muffled scream.

Woodard smiled, "She can scream all she wants. You can scream too if you want, no one can hear you here; no one, except me and I like it when you scream!"

Kyla couldn't speak. Her mouth was parched, her throat, clamped tight with laryngitis as the coils of terror constricted her very being.

"Get on the bed," he instructed his voice, hoarse and vicious.

Kyla hesitated and then realizing that there was no escaping, she made her decision. She would cooperate to buy them time. There was hope as long as Luke was out there. And, there was no use in struggling; it would be futile. He was too strong -- she had felt his strength earlier when he had come up behind her and subdued her easily.

She walked slowly to the bed and sat on the edge away from Woodard.

"Lie down and close your eyes," he hissed coming over to the bed and standing over her.

Her mind was racing as she tried to distract herself and think of other things. She had this fantasy steeped in 1001 Arabian Nights, where she was sold to an Arab Sheik to be part of his harem. She closed her eyes and transported herself to that exotic place; a land of thieves, camels, caravans and palaces. She had been captured by Bedouins and sold as a slave girl to be kept at the beck and call of the Sheik's whim.

The other girls in the harem despised her -- the outsider, this blond, blue-eyed bitch who would have an advantage when they all competed for the Sheik's attention.

The ebony-skinned Eunuchs had bathed her in perfumes, shaved her pubis and clothed her in a flowing, diaphanous tunic, a kameez, under which she was naked. Then they led her to the selection chamber where there were twenty other beautiful girls, all prepped and ready like her. She stood there, her heart racing, hoping that the he would choose her -- this dark, handsome man with a cruel face: her master.

"Do it. Lie down, now!" he commanded.

She felt his hand on her shoulder and then she was forced onto her back. He tied her spread-eagled to his bed and she felt herself getting wet. She was happy that the sheik had picked her tonight ...

End of Part 4

Wilderness Paradise Pt. 05
byu06la14b©

Flashback a few years – Rachael and Luke

The Mistake

How does one fuck up a perfectly good relationship? And I mean "perfect" in every way – my sister, Rachael, and I loved each other, loved fucking each other and loved hanging out, just being together. It was more than just 'good'; there wasn't an adjective that I could think of that would adequately express what we had – something beyond brilliant. In fact, I had to tear myself away to spend time with my buddies, the clan of troglodytes, to prevent them (and, more importantly, Dad) from getting suspicious. So how exactly did I fuck it up? Chalk it up to my deep rooted insecurity and a stud named Dennis Stolle. There was a bit of history so bear with me.

Subsequent to Mom's confession at the Rookery about her own past involving her brother, we had an ally at home and that was really cool. True to her word, Mom ran interference with Dad, taking him out of the house as much as she could, to give us privacy. Rachael and I took full advantage of that. We fucked every chance we got; mornings, afternoons, evenings, nights and whenever our schedules permitted. It ran contrary to logic. Instead of getting jaded (with each other), the more we fucked the more we felt the need to be together. Rachael would often skip class and call me, whispering vulgar innuendos in her little girl voice, and I would race home like a madman just so we could make love. We couldn't get enough of each other.

Mom was happy for us but with Dad, it was another matter altogether. He had his suspicions about us, or more accurately, about me. His curfew checks became more frequent and unpredictable. He would stop by Rachael's room after dinner; sometimes early and often times late, before he retired for the night, but never at the same time. If it wasn't so inconvenient, it would've been funny. Unlike my mother, Dad lacked the subtle nuances of deception. He was an open book.

He would knock and I would dive under the bed and play possum while he chatted with her about the most mundane of things.

"How was school, honey?" or "How was your day, Rach?" or "How was practice?" Anything to cover up the fact that he was really there checking to make sure she was alone. His eyes would dart with parental efficacy, scrutinizing every nook and corner or he'd wander to the bathroom and poke his head in, "We need to replace those tiles, honey, remind me, okay?" or some other ambiguous observation while making sure that I wasn't hiding in there. But he never bothered to check under the proverbial bed – the oldest of sanctuaries for those irreverent lovers! He must have thought that I was too big to fit under there.

It was obvious that Rachael was his favorite – I mean, she was blond and blue eyed like him and looked a lot like his sister who lived in Wales. And like mothers and sons, there was a Freudian closeness between fathers and daughters. I was okay with that – I understood the relationship because Mom and I were very close. No, it was nothing sexual; I took after her side of the family and was a lot like her brother, Phillip.

One day while Rachael and I were kissing, he knocked. It was really late, almost midnight, and we thought he had gone to sleep but we were wrong. His sense of paternal duty and his archaic beliefs, cemented in the societal norms of morality, drove him to maintain control and prevent this disapprobation. It compelled him to make sure that his daughter wasn't being seduced by her brother willingly or otherwise. I was obviously the villain in this Cyprian play.

"Rachael? Are you sleeping, honey?" his deep voice cut through the door, "It's your father."

Like she wouldn't know who the voice belonged to!

"Just a minute, Dad, I need to put something on!"

I waited for her to flush the toilet to camouflage the sounds of me scrambling under the bed. It wasn't very comfortable but there was just enough space for me to squeeze in. She slipped her bathrobe on, straightened the bedcovers and after making sure that there were no telltale feet poking through the bedskirt, she opened the door.

"What's up, Dad?" she asked, "It's late. I was just getting ready for bed."

"May I come in? I know, honey, and I'm sorry but it's important." He was always very proper.

My sister left the door open and walked back to the bed and sat down. From my strategic perspective on the carpet, I could see her reflection in the closet mirror but my dad was just beyond my peripheral vision. She leaned back against the headboard, pulling her knees up under her chin. My father sat down near the foot of the bed, facing her. I could tell by the placement of his feet.

"Is something wrong, Dad?" she asked.

"No, honey, nothing's wrong. I wanted to talk to you about something that has been on my mind. It's a little personal but I think it's important." He took a moment before proceeding, "Your mother seems to think that this whole thing is a phase and that both of you will grow out of it and she may be right, but I feel differently. As your father I need to make sure that both of you are okay. That neither one gets hurt. Does that make sense?"

"I think so, Dad but," she paused, "... but why would we get hurt?"

He thought about it or pretended to; knowing the professor, he had prepared well for this and every other contingency related to this. He would have had all the bases covered.

"It's like the butterfly effect. A small indiscretion today can have major ramifications tomorrow. Putting aside the moral aspect of incest, there are serious psychological repercussions – especially for you. Boys and girls are wired differently; physiologically and emotionally. It is the anthropological evolution of human sexuality, a process that has evolved over millions of years to ensure that our species will survive."

What? What the heck is he saying? The Butterfly Effect, Chaos Theory, Anthropology? This sounded like Greek to me but gaging from my sister's expression, it made perfect sense to her; like she understood every word. I definitely needed to stop hanging out with the trogs as much and expand the horizons of my reading material. I don't think Men's Health, Penthouse and Extreme Cage Fighting are going to do it.

Dad continued, "Luke is at a stage where his hormones make the decisions. It is not emotional or moral. Any girl who appeals to him and is available is fair game. As a young man, it's simple for him, have sex and move on. The more women he's with the better his chances are for his genes to be promulgated. Not literally anymore but that's how we evolved."

Now wait a minute, wait one fuckin' minute. I was tempted to wiggle out from my subterranean refuge and defend myself. Any girl? I wasn't brain dead, Dad, and neither am I totally void of emotion – you're wrong; dead wrong! And just maybe your theory regarding evolution is all fucked up!

It was like he read my mind when he resumed.

"Now, I'll admit that that is a broad generalization but I doubt I'm wrong. I was once his age so I should know. Girls, on the other hand, develop emotionally; they have to because of child bearing and rearing. They are also more likely to bond with their sexual partners. I'd hate to see you get hurt and miss out on all the wonderful experiences that are waiting there for you. You need to meet other people, other boys and figure out what it is that you are looking for in a man. This is an exciting phase of your life. Experiencing it and discovering yourself is part of human development and now, now is the time for you to do that."

They were silent. I could see Rachael, crouched over, hugging her knees, staring at the bed like she was cogitating on the spiel that Dad just laid on her. She looked so vulnerable that my heart ached for her.

"Whatever happened to James, that nice boy you were dating?" Dad asked.

"Oh, you mean Gorilla Grodd?" She asked tongue in cheek, her face lighting up in humor. She gave me a quick peek in the mirror.

I almost burst out laughing. My dad had a particular aversion for derogatory nicknames, irrespective of the context. He didn't condone it or think it was funny. He really was one of the good guys - straight as an arrow.

"Now, now, little girl, let's try and be mature. Yes, I was referring to James. He was a bright young man, polite and very well behaved. I liked him."

"He may have been polite and nice to you, Dad, but all he was trying to do was get me into bed!"

"Oh, come now, Rachael, you can't blame him for that. You are a beautiful girl and at his age, boys will try anything. That's precisely my point but you can handle him, keep him in his place - I know you can."

Rachael was silent again. She knew that this was not easy for my father and that he was doing it only because Mom most probably refused to. The more uncomfortable Dad felt, the less likely he was to push. He was quiet but realizing that there was going to be no further response from his daughter, he asked, "Did Luke have anything to do with your breaking up with James?"

Here it comes, Luke, always Luke the asshole. We had rehearsed the story but Rachael knew just how to milk things. She pretended to think about Dad's question before answering.

"Maybe then but I am better now. Talking to Dr. Keller has put a lot of things in perspective. She's wonderful, Dad. She's made me realize that what happened between Luke and me was just infatuation; a crush I had on someone I idealized. She told us that many young girls tend to focus on their older brothers or even their fathers and I can see that now."

Wow! She's good! I could imagine Dad squirming at the mention of 'fathers'. For all his intellectualism, Sigmund Freud was not one of his favorites.

On Mom's advice, we had continued seeing Dr. Keller to lend more credence to our charade. Both, Rachael and I, made up stories for our sessions so that when she did give Mom and Dad the weekly update, the feedback was always positive and that we were getting better. Of course, Dad had no idea that Mom was part of the familial conspiracy.

I'm not sure whether Dr. Keller was gay or not. She must have been a dyke, a bi or a lesbian because I swear she couldn't stop staring at Rachael and would get tongue tied whenever my sister asked her a question. I thought it was funny but Rachael used it to our advantage literally putting words into Dr. Keller's mouth! It had Dad thinking that we were coming to terms with our misplaced attraction and that's what counted.

"Honey, it doesn't matter. I mean, about James. But, you have to start going out and seeing other people. I'm sure there are some nice boys in your circle of friends. It's not healthy to stay at home like a recluse. There's more to life than school, volleyball and talking to Kyla on the phone."

There's more to life than Luke – isn't that what you mean, Dad?

"I need some more time, Dad, I need to be sure ..." she whispered it like she was hurting. Man, the girl could act; give her the fuckin' Oscar! I almost believed her.

My father stood up and kissed her on the top of her head. (How do I know? Because that's' what he always did.)

"Of course, honey, it is okay. Take your time. I'm very proud of you," he said, "sleep tight. Goodnight."

"Goodnight, Dad," she returned.

Once Dad had left she got up and locked the door and scooted back to bed, tossing her robe on the chair in the corner.

"Come on out, invisible man, where were we?" she said and giggled, "Hurry up! I'm horny!"

I poked my head out from under the bed, "Wait, that's not right. You are the emotional one. I'm the horny one, remember? I'm driven solely by my hormones; the little head ruling the big one!"

She laughed helping me up while I struggled to get out from under the ambuscade and when I finally stood up, she tackled me onto the bed tugging at my jammies. There was something about my father visiting her and encouraging her to date others that put us on edge in a desperate sort of way. It left me wanting to fuck my sister even more. Deep down, buried in some dark recess of my rationale, it made me aware of the fragile nature of our special bond; that it could change at any minute. That it had to change at some point. There was no real future for this kind of filial affection– not for a brother and a sister, not in this society and I think Rachael felt it too.

The instinctive abhorrence to incest should have challenged the logic of free thinking men and women but sadly, it didn't. You could fuck your sister as part of some juvenile exploration, that was okay and even understandable, but you couldn't create a life with your sister even if you loved her! How fucked up is that?

That night we made love for a long, long time. Whenever I got close to cumming, I would pull out of her and slither down in between her thighs to perform cunnilingus on her. I loved eating her, the taste of her, the spicy fragrance and the slick, buttery feeling of her slit against my tongue – it drove me crazy. I licked and sucked on her clit the way she liked me to. And while I did that, I had two fingers shoved up her pussy, curling upwards, massaging her G spot. She was multi-orgasmic and must have climaxed a hundred times, flooding my mouth over and over again. Okay, so I'm exaggerating about the hundred orgasms but she had so many that I lost count. And when I finally shot off in her, she was so spent that she just lay there sucking on my tongue, tasting herself in my mouth, whimpering softly, her thighs trembling, twitching against my hips while I pumped her puss full of my sperm.

We lay basking in the afterglow of our lovemaking; exhausted but satiated. Our bonds, forged stronger by the heat of our illicit sex. We remained fused by the liquid amalgamate of our union, of sweat and sexual juices comingling in a racy, rancid concoction that tasted and smelled of a musky, pheromone laced aphrodisiac. I was still buried in her, partially hard and could feel her cuntal muscles, gripping and releasing me, as if she were trying to milk my cock into her. It was an intuitive technique she used to keep me from going soft and slipping out of her. I have no idea when or how she figured this out but she was very good at it.

I stroked her face gently, pushing back the stray strands of hair, kissing her forehead and eyes, "I think that was a new record! It was fuckin' incredible"

"I'll bet you say that to all the wabbits, Doc!" she replied softly in her Bugs Bunny voice.

"No, I mean it, Rach, it was beyond great! I love you so much ..." my voice trailed off. I couldn't adequately verbalize what I was feeling.

She pushed me back and leaning over me, kissed me long and hard, "Don't ever stop making love to me, Luke, ever! I'll die if you leave me!"

"I could never leave you, baby, never ..." I whispered back, "... remember our promise? That I will fuck you on your wedding night? Do you remember?"

"I want us to be Egyptians ... why can't you marry me, Luke, why can't we run away? We could go somewhere where no one knows us. No one would guess that you are my brother, no one!"

"If that's what you want, I'll run away with you tomorrow! Just say the word." I countered and I meant it. Fuck everyone; she was my world.

"Really? You mean that, Luke?" in her little girl voice, snuggling up to me.

"I mean that. I would die for you, girl, so if you want to run away now, we can leave tonight!" I said softly but I was dead serious.

She was quiet. Rachael had always been the more thoughtful one. I was way too crazy and impulsive. "A storm in a coffee cup" was how my mother phrased it and often compared me to her brother, Phillip, who was certifiably nuts!

"As much as I want to, we can't, darling, it would destroy Dad," she murmured burying her head in my neck, pausing in thought, "... it would break his heart and kill him. And that would hurt Mom too and I couldn't live with that."

We lay quietly, caressing each other, fingertips feathering gently over lips, eyelids and jawlines; tracing lazy hieroglyphics while we were lost in our own thoughts. I was thinking of Dad about what he had said. The butterfly effect and the decisions we make today; about the differences between boys and girls. Was I really that superficial? No; no I wasn't. Ever since Rachael and I had gotten intimate, I didn't even look at another girl. There were plenty of sluts on campus – pretty girls who would have jumped into bed at a glance but I wasn't interested. I was trapped in Rachael's little wonderland.

It was all about physics – Newton's First Law regarding Motion. Bodies in motion remain in motion unless acted on by an unbalanced external force. We were in motion moving along just fine and Dad represented the external force. We needed to mitigate the effect of this force and if Rachael pretending to see others was the solution then that's what she needed to do. The idea of her dating others, at least superficially, was growing on me.

"Listen, Dad was right about your being a bit of a recluse. It may be a good idea to see the Grodd again. Or someone else, you know, to go to the movies or whatever. It may even get Dad off our backs." I said, stroking her hair.

She lay still for a moment and then rolled over on top of me, still keeping me inside her, and asked incredulously, "You want me to see someone else?"

"Not like that. You know exactly what I mean, Rach!"

"Oh, just fake it. I don't see you faking it, lover. Or are you? Are you seeing someone?" she asked pinching the tip of my nose.

"Of course I'm not. But Dad isn't worried about me – you're the one he's concerned about. He doesn't even check up on me anymore," I retorted and ran my finger gently over her lips, so soft and full, "or didn't you notice?"

"That's because girls are emotional ..." she paused, sucking my finger into her mouth, looking at me while she lewdly replicated fellatio and then, removing the digit said, "and boys are ..." she waited for me to join her, "horny!"

We laughed and I felt her move. It was a slight back and forth, almost imperceptible but that's all it took. My cock flexed inside her, instantly hard.

She sighed and sat-up, knees folded under her, straddling my crotch then closing her eyes she threw her head back and began riding me, "Fuck your sister, Luke, just fuck her ... mmmm, mmmm, mmmm ... God! You feel so good inside me, baby ... mmmm, mmmm, oh, oh, mmmm, love me, darling brother ..."

I loved the way she talked dirty in her little girl's voice, incestuous dirty, turning us both on. I held her hips and let her do the work, watching her tits jiggle like jello, thrilling in the velvety feel of her cunt sliding along the length of my cock in the primordial dance of lovers – back and forth, back and forth, back and forth ...

******

The Trap

A few days later when I got back home for the weekend, I saw Kyla and Rachael sitting on the porch steps. They were sweaty, sipping lemonade and laughing about something. Volleyball practice must have wrapped up early.

"Hi girls, what's up?" I asked and dropped my duffle.

"Oh, nothing, except Dennis Stolle, yes, yes and yes: 'The Dennis Stolle' has asked your sister out." Kyla said studying me carefully. Ever since their prom, she has had her suspicions concerning Rachael and me.

I acted blasé and said nonchalantly, "He did. Wow! Good for you, sis. Did you accept or was he just too cool for you? You know, the popular Mr. Stolle with a million girlfriends!"

Rachael gave me a strange look, tossed back her thick, golden tresses and replied, "I said "yes". I mean, he's the hunkiest guy in school. How could I refuse?"

I knew that Dad had been pressuring her to go out and date. She let it slip out when we talked confiding that the whole thing was getting to her. So, this wasn't a total surprise. 

I too had wanted her to go out with someone; anyone but damn, not the local stud! She went from Gorilla Grodd to Mr. GQ! He was, subjectively, the prototype for every woman's fantasy. Six feet seven inches tall, light mocha skin, big, hazel eyes, baby face and built like a gazelle. And, he was arguably the best high school basketball player in the state – a premier shooting guard molded after the likes of Michael Jordan. The colleges were tripping over themselves trying to recruit him.

But his notoriety predated his basketball fame going back to his turbulent childhood. It was stuff that Hollywood movies are made of. His father, who had been a semi-pro basketball player, was black and his mother, Swiss. They had met while Dennis' father was playing in the B-leagues in Europe. But this ending was far from happy. One night, in a fit of jealous rage, his father shot his mother and then turned the gun on himself. Dennis was only two. When the cops arrived, they found him next to his mother's body. No one knew if he had witnessed the macabre incident or whether he had crawled out of his crib on hearing the gunshots but for a while it was headline news.

There was a brief and bitter custody battle between his white grandparents from Switzerland and his black grandmother from Chicago. The city was split along racial lines; a hot topic around water coolers and coffee machines. White's, almost unanimously, felt that the maternal grandparents could afford him a better life and the blacks adamant that the boy, despite his light skin, was black felt that he should stay with his black grandmother. In the end the courts caved in and ruled in favor of his paternal grandmother. My father was of the opinion that it was a grave injustice to the little boy. He felt strongly that the child should have gone where he would have been afforded the best opportunities, irrespective of color. But then, Dennis may never have become the star basketball player he was now. He might have ended up as some unhappy kid working in a chocolate factory! It must have been karma – I was sure of that now.

I never understood why Dennis did it but one day about a year ago he sauntered into the gym and challenged me. We had never had any problems and I was actually a fan so it was odd. Maybe it was some macho need to prove his toughness or an alpha-male drive to kick ass, who knows? High school has its gauntlet, one that is rife with personal challenges and not necessarily the physical kind. This just happened to be about confrontation. It was 'mano a mano' - a man to man, hand to hand challenge.

I was working the heavy bag when this unfolded. He had watched from the side for a while and then during a lull when I was catching my breath, he stepped behind the bag.

"Hey, man, do you want to spar?"

I looked at him a bit surprised. Not many guys wanted to mess with me especially if they had seen me work the bag. I'd been training in martial arts since I was five and my kicks were pretty intimidating.

"Are you sure? Do you know how to fight?" I asked.

"Do I know how to fight? I grew up in Cabrini Green, dude, the kids thought I was white! Yeah, I can fight." He replied with obvious sarcasm.

Mike, one of the troglodytes, was with me and offered some advice.

"Stick to basketball, man, you can get seriously hurt in here ..."

"I wasn't talking to you, Cochise, so unless you want to step up, mind your own fuckin' business!" was Dennis' terse reply.

Mike was a hard-ass and not easily intimidated but before it could escalate, I got in between them, "Okay, let's do it then."

He wanted to go bareknuckle but that wasn't happening.

"No way, amigo, we'll use these." I threw him a pair of MMA fighting gloves, "I'm not risking breaking my hand."

I had to show him how to wrap his hands and once we were taped up, we were ready to go. By the time we stepped into the ring there was a good sized crowd including several members of the basketball team. So, it was obvious that this little soirée had been preplanned. I loved the adrenalin rush before combat and got off on it so that too was okay by me. I could feel the electric buzz, the air, thick with anticipation and filled with enough testosterone to zap half of China. If nothing else, this was going to be interesting.

Fighters will understand this and I don't mean professionals, I mean guys who have it in them. It's the need to test yourself and your skills; to pit yourself against others like you. And, not backing down - it wasn't only about Ass Kickery!

He was good but lacked the technical aspects of striking. His punches were loopy, not straight and he telegraphed them, something a lot of street fighters do. He also had the bad habit of dropping his hands just before he threw his shots. But, he hit like a mule, harder than anyone I'd fought – it was his leverage. Being six-seven was certainly an advantage. However, he didn't know how to kick or check kicks and that was a huge problem.

He caught me once on the top of my shoulder with a right and I thought my toes were going to explode. But that was it, a lot of power but no accuracy. I kept him guessing and at bay with push-kicks and straight punches, mainly left jabs that snapped in his face. And I stayed close to neutralize his reach. It wasn't long before he was bleeding from his nose and his left eye was swollen shut but that was the least of his problems. His lead leg was the predicament; it was done, badly hurt from the repeated kicks at the knee and he was hobbling around unable to put any weight on it. Take away the legs and you're nothing: he had lost his power and he was getting hit a lot but I had to admit, he was a gamer.

I could have taken him down and submitted him, I was sure of that, but my machismo wouldn't let me. Instead I stood and traded. It wasn't a strategy I would recommend unless you knew what you were doing. There's a saying in the gym: Brawl the Boxer and Box the Brawler. He was a brawler, a hard-court, tough guy used to short, wild-swinging melees. This was different; each time he swung and missed he got punished. He made too many mistakes and even his quick reflexes couldn't save him. I faked a front kick, saw him flinch and drop his right, creating an opening for the left hook. It caught him flush on the point of his chin and that was it. He fell face first and lay prone for a good half minute.

There's something about a KO that is curiously fascinating. I don't know a single guy who doesn't get a primal thrill from watching a fight and especially a knockout. This crowd of gym rats was no different. There was a hushed buzz as soon as Dennis hit the canvas.

But, there was no quit in him. He struggled up to his feet and though his legs were rubbery he wanted to continue. He staggered drunkenly across the ring and almost fell grabbing the ropes for support. His eyes were still glassy and I could have punished him, put a serious beating on him but I didn't and I'm not sure why. Maybe it had something to do with his parents and his childhood but I let him off the hook.

Some of his buddies had to help him out of the ring. And, before he left he mumbled something barely comprehensible, about coming back to even the score, but I was used to the braggadocio – it was just nonsense. I think his coach got wind of the fight because the next day the assistant coach, Jack Riley, was at home talking to my father when I walked in.

"Hello, son, Mr. Riley was just telling me about your run in with that kid, Dennis."

Really? My run in? Where the fuck do these stories come from? I knew Jack from when I played football. He was a part-time trainer and a prick mainly because he was one of those wannabe jocks but lacked the prerequisite speed and coordination. So he decided to train athletes except that he confused sadistic tendencies with intensity.

I looked at Riley and shrugged, "Hey, he asked for it and he's lucky I didn't hurt him, I mean really hurt him."

"Hurt him? What do you call what you did? He's our star player. You should know that, Luke!" Riley blurted out, "He's knee is shot and his eyes are swollen shut! We have a game on Friday!"

"Then keep him on a leash. If he ever comes near me again, I'll break both his fuckin' legs." I snarled. I wasn't in the mood.

After Riley left, I got a lecture from Dad about the virtues of being a real man. He knew I loved the challenge of combat and went about dismantling the basis of my beliefs with myriad reasons why fighting was primitive and barbaric. He separated constructive skill from destructive propensity with the ease of skimming cream from milk. His ability to debate was far superior to mine and as a result, I listened to him denigrating the Martial Arts, reducing it to a discipline that was non-constructive and bringing out the worst in people (as evidenced by my behavior). I had half a mind to remind him that his hero, Hemmingway, was a notorious tough guy but I let it go. Dad lacked perspective; he's never had punks get up in his face. He was an academician and in his world there was a negative connotation to the very term 'machismo' and where the ugly reality of violence was rare. And he was a gentle soul who couldn't hurt a fly. In his own way he thought he was helping me but what he achieved instead was to drive a wedge between us; a disconnect that kept getting wider.

In hindsight, I should have fucked him up! I mean Dennis - I should have put a real beating on his sorry ass so he would have never considered my sister. He was the last guy I wanted Rachael to go out with. He was one of those blokes who possessed a certain 'cool', a studied indifference that along with his basketball notoriety had the girls throwing themselves at him. The only reason Rachael picked this Lothario had to be because she was attracted to him, why else would she now decide to go out with him?

On the evening of their date I was beside myself and when he came to pick her up, my heart sank. He looked like a model out of pages of GQ, except bigger and better looking. He was wearing a light, off-white, linen suit with a blue silk shirt that was in startling contrast to his copper-brown skin and hazel eyes. His saddle wingtips and tortoise Wayfarers gave him the look of a fifties movie star and when the M6 BMW Convertible rolled in, he had managed to impress Rachael. Fuck! He had impressed me! I had no idea who he borrowed it from but those were a sweet set of wheels.

With each passing hour my anxiety increased exponentially. I kept imagining him taking her to his apartment using his vaunted charm and to spite me, once he was done with her, he'd have his friends come over. It's crazy what your imagination can do when it's running wild. I had the basketball team and every other guy in school pulling a train on her; even the Grodd! I could picture him stroking his dick, waiting his turn:

"It's my turn next! Yeah, it's my turn ... finally!"

I was losing it. I had to exert the utmost self-restraint to stop myself from calling her. That would have been too uncool, even for me.

"Who's that?"

"Oh, it's my stupid, jealous brother!"

"Really? Why's he calling you, Rachael?"

"Because he thinks you're fucking my brains out!"

Yeah, that wouldn't go over too well.

They got back late and when I heard the soft growl of the M6, I went to the window and drew the shades aside, just a tiny crack. They stood by the door talking and laughing and I couldn't believe it when I saw him kissing her. It was too much; I couldn't bear to watch so I scuttled back to my room and waited for her.

After a few minutes, I heard her go into her room and lock the door. I knocked, several times, but she didn't open. At first I tried our code but that didn't work and as my frustration grew, I knocked longer and louder. I didn't care anymore. She was going to talk to me. I needed to know why I was getting the cold shoulder and what took place on her date. It was only when I heard Mom that I stopped.

"You'll wake your father." Mom said, "Your sister doesn't want to talk to you right now. It's her prerogative and you need respect that."

I turned and looked at her, "But why, Mom, what did I do?"

She came over and took my hands in hers and looked up into my eyes, "You didn't do anything, darling. It has nothing to do with you and everything to do with you. I went through this so I know. She's confused and needs to sort things out. Trust me, she'll figure it out and things will be fine. Go back to bed and get some sleep. You look terrible."

*****

Lisa Cernik

Well, things weren't fine. Three days later and she was still avoiding me and to make matters worse, she went over to Kyla's place to spend a few days. What the fuck was going on? Things had been normal; we were fine, fucking like bunnies before the great Dennis Stolle turned up and now? Now I was a leper! I couldn't figure it out. So, using my crazy, fucked-up logic I was going to wait her out; determined to break her will. Sooner or later she would have to talk to me. So, I skipped classes telling Mom I had study leave and waited. And that was when it all went down - as in downhill.

That day Rachael was at volleyball practice. They had a big game coming up with their crosstown rivals who they had lost to the previous year. This was the game the girls had been waiting for all year - revenge. She was the captain of her team and was also one of the better outside hitters. My sister was tall (almost six feet) and had some serious hops. To see her leaping up and spiking the ball was a sight – golden hair flaying wildly, eyes focused, up above the net, a blond Amazonian ready for battle. In any case, to get back to the story, Lisa, her study-buddy, had come over and was a bit early.

I was the only one at home and when I opened the door, I could see the surprise on her face; she hadn't expected me.

"Hi! She's not home. She at practice and should be back in an hour or so," I said.

Lisa Cernik was cute in a mousey sort of way. She was petite; a small, perfectly proportioned package with soft brown hair, large, brown eyes hidden behind glasses, little button nose and a full sensual mouth. And, if you looked carefully enough though you'd notice that she had a killer bod. It was amazing because this girl didn't work out or play anything – I guess it hard to beat good genetics.

I gave her a quick once over: decent rack, nice ass and legs that you dreamed of spreading.

"Oh, hi Luke, I thought you were away," she said shyly, without making any sustained eye-contact and then asked, "Can I wait for her?"

"Sure, come on in. So, what've you been up to?"

"Nothing really, just studying. How's col ..." she stopped when she realized I had disappeared down the corridor and into the kitchen.

She followed me, half running to catch up and put her books and laptop on the table before sitting down.

"We usually study in here ..." she said, straightening her skirt.

"Can I get you something to drink? Coke, Pepsi, water, beer ...?" I asked, and noticing her expression, I added, "... I'm kidding about the beer!"

She tittered nervously. Rachael swore that the girl had a major crush on me.

"Thanks but no, I'm okay." She replied so softly that I had to strain to hear her.

Under normal circumstances, she was a quiet, shy girl but I could sense her attraction and it was making her more nervous and self-conscious. I felt badly for her.

"Alright then, you study and I'll finish what I was doing, okay?" I said and turned to go, "I'm upstairs. If you need anything – holler! Or just help yourself."

She watched me leaving, a wide-eyed doe in headlights.

I guess it was destined to happen because when I passed Rachael's room, I did something I normally don't do. I stopped and opened the door. I try not to intrude on her privacy but there was something at work here that was beyond my control. I walked in and saw her panties lying on top of her bed which in itself was unusual. Rachael was a neat freak and I don't think she ever left anything on her bed unless she wanted to. It had to be the ones she had worn today and when I felt the crotch, it was damp – not just damp but slick and wet through with her juices.

The first thought that went through my head was 'Dennis fuckin' Stolle'! She's creaming because of that asshole? Anger and frustration welled up inside me in waves, brimming with fury, threatening to bust me open. But as soon as I pressed my face into her panties, there was an instant transmutation: rage to ardor. I was overcome by the heady aroma of her sex, that spicy nectar I was so addicted to. Suffused by her scent, I sucked the satiny fabric into my mouth, tasting the remnants of her and reacted to the potent stimuli - I felt my cock hardening.

That's what I needed, a long, drawn out 'pull on the old pud' to abate the jealous edge. So, I took her panties and slipped back to my room. I had several revealing pictures of Rachael hidden in one of the drawers of my dresser. I had taken them after one particularly intense lovemaking session when she was in a playful mood. She was wearing a skimpy bikini that she modeled for me, posing suggestively and she even allowed me to take one where she was topless. But the best of the lot was a picture of her, lying on her back, one knee raised and her hand stuck into her bikini bottom. She had her fingers buried inside her cunt – the suggestive expression on her face got to me every time I looked at it. It was a real beauty. These coupled with her undies would more than suffice.

It should have ended there, I mean, with me jerking off in to her panties, achieving the relief I so badly needed. And then I could have calmly waited for her to come home. But life has a way of throwing you a curve when you least expect it.

So there I was, in my room, lost in my fantasy with images of my sister buzzing in my head: her mouth, her tits, her boobs, her thighs, the sensual swell of her tummy down to the triangle of her sex spiced with the allure of the pictures spread out on the dresser. All of it kept dancing in my head, an incestuous collage resurrected from recent memories.

I was so busy pleasuring myself with my sister's panties, thrilling to its velvety feel, that I didn't notice Lisa come into the room. She was standing there, mouth open, eyes wide, watching me in the mirror; peering at me jerking off in front of my dresser. It was fortunate that my hand covered most of Rachael's panties and the photographs were lying flat, at too great of an angle for her to identify but clearly she seemed uninterested in anything but my cock. Her eyes were glued to the bloated, angry head and my fingers riding over it.

We stood motionless with me looking at her while she looked at my dick. What I did next was totally out of character; I swear it wasn't me but some lecherous reprobate that had crawled out from the feculent realms of an X-rated movie and had taken possession of my soul. I dropped the panties and turned towards Lisa and motioned for her to come to me. I took a few steps and knelt on the bed, my cock still in my hand, throbbing, dribbling threads of sticky treacle from its Cyclops eye. There was a part of me that was surprised by my overt exhibitionism but it seemed like I was two people: voyeur and actor, one watching with calm indifference while the other played the concupiscent role.

The whole thing was strange and surreal. She seemed like she was in a trance walking towards me with small, robotic steps, her face pale and the tip of her tongue snaking nervously out to wet her lips. Her eyes were wide and intense, made oddly huge by the myopic lenses of her glasses. When she was finally by the side of the bed, I took her hand and placed on my shaft and felt the electric thrill of novelty, the sensual charge that accompanied the unfamiliar. 

Her fingers, small and dainty, felt cold and hot and moist all at the same time. I could feel her trembling, her breathing, ragged, biting her lower lip, spellbound by the rubbery rod of flesh pulsing in her grip. But once she got accustomed to the feel of my dick, the transformation from naïve librarian to a cock-hungry slut was spontaneous. Her feminine instincts took over. She squeezed and stroked and licked and sucked like a siren out of control and before either one of us could rationalize it, to come to our senses, we were fucking. I had pushed her skirt up, pulled down her panties and had her up against the bedroom wall. It was hurried and urgent, driven by my need for release and urged on by the vestal sensations of this willing ingénue. Amazingly, until that moment neither one of us had said a word.

But once my cock was lodged deep inside her snug, buttery hole, I began whispering in her ear, the mindless ramblings of lovers said in the heat of sex.

"Oh fuck, baby, you feel so fucking good ... the best," I whispered, "... your cunt is the best, Lisa, so fucking tight ... yes, baby, fuck me back, come on, move that ass ..."

She moaned in response, and began working her hips, grinding her pussy against my pubic bone while I stroked in and out of her, sucking on her tits through the fabric of her shirt. Her pussy was a silky, heated cauldron, so hot that I could feel the chill of the air each time I drew back out of her only to be reheated when my cock plowed back into her. It was awesome!

"You have the tightest fucking pussy ever, yes baby, fuck, it feels so good ..." pause, "... it's the best ... unh, unh, unh ..."

I grunted with each thrust in response to her sweet, whimpering moan and once we were fucking in earnest nothing else mattered. It was the only time that my sister was gone from my thoughts. My father was right: I was just a crass, brainless Neanderthal who did his thinking with his dick.

It didn't take very long. The newness of her, the slick, satiny feel of her cunt, her audible cries of pleasure, fingers digging into my shoulders, her pubis grating against mine, it was all too intense and I came quickly, spurting ropey globs of cum and filling her tight, little hole. The sensation of my cock, squirting deep into her belly was incredible. I was squishing in and out of her, pumping and drawing out the viscid mixture of our juices while she kept bucking frantically against me, her backside thudding dully against the wall. I don't know if she got off but it certainly wasn't for lack of effort.

I was standing with my legs spread wide, trousers around my ankles, knees bent slightly with my hands cradling her butt, holding her up while she had her legs wrapped tightly around me. She was panting heavily into my neck, moaning and whispering indistinctly, her hips rocking languidly, squirming and gyrating in small circles when we heard the front door opening and

Rachael's voice echoing down the hallway.

"Lisa? Hey, Lisa, where are you?" she called up the stairs.

It was like hypnosis. The sound of Rachael's voice snapped her out of her trance and back to reality. She slid down off of me releasing my cock with a muted 'plop', her skirt, which had been bunched up above her waist, fell, cascading over her knees. She grabbed her panties and struggled to get them on, turning away from me. Then she adjusted her glasses, straightened her shirt and fled the scene of the crime without a backward glance.

I was left alone with the accusatory musk of our sex permeating my riddled conscience. I was filled with self-loathing and overcome with remorse. I was rendered helpless, struggling with the fact that I had knowingly betrayed my true love, my sister.

*****

A Sharing (of secrets)

I knew it was hopeless and that sooner or later Lisa would tell Rachael, or, one of her other friends, and that she would tell two friends, and they would tell two friends, and they would tell two friends and soon, through the grapevine of gossip, it would get back to Rachael. I also knew I had to tell her first, to come clean and let the chips fall where they may. I just didn't expect Lisa to tell her almost as soon as she went downstairs.

About a half hour later when I heard Lisa leaving, my heart sank. I knew that she had spilled the beans. She rarely left before dinner and often slept over so this was not a good omen. I heard footsteps hurrying up the stairs and Rachael's door slamming shut followed by loud sobbing. I knocked but she wasn't going to talk to me. I stood there listening to her crying, my heart breaking while my soul was being slowly ripped apart. And with each anguished sob of hers I felt myself spiraling downwards into the oubliette of remorse.

It was fucking awful. I had never felt this devastated in my entire life. I kept whispering into the door, a repentant profligate seeking absolution, but it was all for naught. She either didn't hear me or didn't want to deal with me. She cried straight past dinner and wouldn't even open the door for Mom and that was saying something.

That night, I couldn't sleep. I lay awake, tossing and turning, praying for forgiveness and a second chance. I couldn't imagine life without her. And finally, just as I was succumbing to the drowsy seduction, a weightless quotient, where the burdens of reality are divided by the obscurity of dreams, the door to my room opened. There was no knocking or greeting only the silhouette of my sister standing by my bed.

"How could you? How could you hurt me like this, Luke? You said you loved ..." and she began bawling again, her body wracked in deep, heaving sobs.

I got up and went over to her but she pushed me away.

"Don't! Don't ever touch me again!" She hissed.

And in the darkness of the room, made darker by curtains and lit only by the persistence of desultory moonbeams, her face glistened golden. Her eyes were swollen and red from crying; the tears streaking down her cheeks in silvery rivulets, swerving into the curve of her lips before bridging down to the sides of her chin. I couldn't speak. I wanted to tell her how sorry I was, that I was a weak and miserable fool and that I would do anything, ANYTHING at all, if she would only give me another chance. But instead I stood there; mute, looking at her wondering how I could have hurt anything this beautiful.

After crying softly for a while she turned to go and I knew I would lose her forever unless I did something; anything.

"It was your fault, Rach! If you only ..." I called after her, doing what men have done for ages, I blamed the woman for my pathetic weakness.

"My fault? My fault?" she hissed, repeating herself, something she did when she was angry, "You've committed sacrilege and it's my fault?" Her face contorted with anger; the flashing infuriation temporarily replacing the sadness. Anger, I could handle; there was no defense against tears.

"You didn't talk to me! You acted like something was wrong. And no matter how much I tried, you refused to tell me what it was. I came home hoping we could talk and you ran away to Kyla's place. What was I supposed to think, Rachael?" I rambled. I knew I was blabbering but I need to keep her engaged, "You go out on a date with Mister-Fucking-GQ, come back later than you ever have and then I see you kissing him, fuck! What was I supposed to think? What? And, if that wasn't enough, you shut me out and lock yourself in your room. I'm in the dark without a clue! What about me, unh? What was I supposed to feel?"

I was actually impressed with my rambling, my non sequitur logic and especially with the transference of guilt. That was good, definitely drawing first blood; touché, baby.

"Is that really the best you can do?" she was quiet but she was engaged and had come back to the bed, "Did it even occur to you that I wouldn't have been able to see it through if I even looked at you or saw you looking at me? That I spend every waking moment thinking about you, about us and what it means that I can never really have you? That I'm frightened every moment that we are apart that I will lose you, that someone will take you away from me. And, someday, someday soon, you'll be gone with someone else? And that would kill me. I needed to go out with others not to please Dad or you but to see if I could function without you even when every fiber in my body screamed for me to go running back to you."

She started to cry again and when I made a move towards her, she held up her hand, "Don't, don't you dare ..."

Suddenly I felt like a fool. The earlier coup de grace was just an illusion and I realized I was the nothing but the joker except that the joke was on me.

"I was jealous. I thought you liked this guy and that I was losing you. I didn't know, Rachael, I really didn't know and I was going out of my mind! She didn't mean anything! It was something stupid I did ..." I tried to backpedal but it sounded inadequate and weak.

She continued as though I wasn't even there. Her voice was soft but firm.

"I let Dennis kiss me because he was the first man I was attracted to besides you and I thought if he kissed me, and I felt something, then I had some hope," she paused, "... some hope of surviving you. That maybe I could lead a normal life after ..."

"Well, did you? Did you feel anything?" I couldn't contain myself. I was pathetic.

"No. I didn't feel anything. How could I when it was you I was thinking of all evening and feeling guilty. I felt bad that I was using him like some test dummy and I broke away."

"Did he try anything? I mean, he had to ..." I had to ask.

"Is that all you can think of? Whether he tried anything? Like what?" she asked the exasperation obvious on her face, "No, Luke, he didn't try to fuck me! He was a gentleman. He took a lot of trouble planning the evening and even told me about the time you beat him up and he took the blame for it. He said he deserved it that he was sorry and had wanted to apologize to you. He's had some miserable breaks in his life and despite all that he has turned out to be a really nice guy. And he's good looking and talented. Can you understand what that did to me? If I couldn't feel anything with him, then what hope do I have when you leave? That's all I could think of the last few days. And, I was feeling really crummy and that's why I didn't want to talk ..."

"I love you Rachael, I could never leave you. I ..."

"Don't say that! Don't you ever say that! You lost the right to say that. You don't love me. Dad was right. If you really loved me you would have known. You would have felt exactly what I was feeling and you would have never fucked someone else; especially a friend of mine! How, how ..." she couldn't complete her thoughts and began sobbing again.

I knew exactly what she was thinking: how could I say I love her and then turn around and screw her friend? I don't know – that's simply the truth. I don't know. Maybe there was something to the chaos theory and anthropological evolution after all.

"Please, baby, please give me one more chance. I swear I'll make it up to you. I'm really sorry, I am ..." I was ready to beg, "... you're my soulmate, I know that. I couldn't go on without you!" I was stuttering and rambling – there was no pride anymore.

But the more I groveled, the more resolute she was.

"I thought we were soulmates. I really did. I was ready to give up everything for you. At school, I couldn't stop thinking about us and how incredible you made me feel. I even left my panties on my bed, for you," she was whispering, "... to let you know what you do to me. But that was yesterday when you were my lover, my darling older brother. Today, you are nothing. Just some two-timing asshole who I wish I had never let into my life!"

And then she turned and before I could do or say anything, she ran from the room. I heard her door slam and I knew my sister was gone; lost in the gloomy refuge of sadness, anger and pain. It was a place devoid of love and forgiveness.

*****

Alaska – Kodiak Island

"In your wake I stumble through the fields of life, wounded by the riddle of love. I lie on scarlet grounds stained by the forbidden nectar of desire. In the distance I hear the murmur of Northern Lights and am blinded by its resplendent Aurora, so effervescent and brilliant. It is you, echoing through the gardens of love whispering my name – and in the silo that has become my world, the words resonate endlessly as fate's sordid conspiracy keeps us apart. And then you appear, a wish in a storm, sprinkling gold-dust and love ... my sister, my lover."

The months following that incident saw Rachael and me drifting farther apart. There was nothing I could do. I left notes for her, messages on her cell and even barged in on her class but it was all to no avail. My notes were returned unread, my messages erased and the day I pulled the stunt of interrupting her class, she slapped me. She slapped me so hard, it made my ears ring!

It is true what they say; the deeper your love the more intense the fights and the harder the rift to mend. It reached a stage where my own temper kicked in and I said, "Fuck it! If that's what she wants then the hell with it! I'm tired of trying."

And then something odd happened. I learned that the mind is capable of some incredibly convoluted machinations, that it can create deceptive allegories that make sense only to you. But the logic is as strong as math itself, like numbers that are rooted in algorithms to produce irrefutable numerical evidence. And, in this fucked up equation, Lisa was the perfect foil, the 'x' factor. She descended into the role of the vindictive seductress; the person to blame for what had transpired between us.

She called a few times but I never answered or returned her calls. I refused to acknowledge the fact that I had fucked her. I should have been a man and spoken to her honestly and told her that it was a mistake but instead, I brushed her off as an inconvenient memory. I was soon to learn that there is a time for atonement and you do pay for your misdeeds.

The hardest part for me, concerning Rachael, was the weekend. I'd come down for breakfast and she'd get up and leave. Or, if I was already at the dinner table, she'd take her plate to her room under the pretext of having papers to finish. Mom tried, several times, to bring us together but soon realized that her efforts were wasted. The only person who seemed pleased with the 'feud' was Dad. He sat there with a Cheshire cat grin and didn't say a word. He didn't have to.

I knew that Rachael needed Mom and Dad a lot more than I did so I began spending less and less time at home. I'd call Mom a couple of times a week and we'd talk but despite her pleading, I stayed away. I was convinced that distance was the solution and was determined to get as far away as possible from my sister and everything that reminded me of her. This and the quantum of time would make things bearable; of that, I was sure. So, when the job offer from Chicago came my way, I jumped at it.

I figured a big city with lots of women would offer me the emotional sanctuary I needed. But, I was only fooling myself. It didn't matter who I was with, it was always my sister I was making love to. I went both ways: dating women who resembled her and women who were diametrically opposite to her but it made no difference. In the warmth of their beds, my eyes would close and my mind would wander through the clouds of fantasy where sultry images of my sister, naked and willing, called to me. Her memory would sear the peaks of my passion, urging me on, driving me to climax while numbly whispering her name. And so it was that I remained trapped in her web, a mendicant without hope, begging to be set free.

*****

My Sister, the Rain Dancer

"I search for you within the ramparts of my dreams but find only flotsam tossed by dark oceans in the convoluted labyrinth that is me. I am trapped in the morass between fantasy and sleep and though I feel you, you are never really there. I am an Eastern Wind, a swirling breeze that cuts through the open fields to the mountains of Shambhala. It is that secret place of Joy. Here I see you dancing on moonbeams, a pixie nymph, clothed in starlight and sparkles, ethereal and slight. I reach for you but you skip away, laughing, teasing, and urging me to chase after you, a shadow slipping through my fingers. You are here now only to vanish like mist in the morning sun ... my Rain Dancer, Wind Rider and Eternal Lover."

Then it happened. Three years later, I got a call, it was Rachael. I was at work and almost fell off the chair.

"Hi, Luke?" her voice sounded soft and hesitant, a question rather than an acknowledgement but I could have picked it out anywhere even through the din of an Iron Worker's mill.

Just the sound of her voice shut the world out, immersing me in a peculiar silence. I closed the door to my office and sat down.

"Hi!" my initial response was a reaction of surprise, but then the years of anger and frustration took over, "What ..." I paused before adding, "what do you want, Rachael?"

I really didn't mean it to sound brusque but in the vulnerability of surprise the hidden resentment surfaced. I was never the cool one and the festering pain was back.

"That's nice, Luke, you can't help it, can you? You insist on being a jerk!" there was a bite in her voice now.

"Hey, what did you expect? You call me after three years and what? What did you think?" I felt my mercurial temper beginning to erupt and reeled it in. I was happy and angry but definitely more 'happy' than anything else, "Listen, I don't want to fight. I don't have the energy for it anymore."

She was quiet. I could hear her breathing. My heart was pounding, my mind screaming: don't hang up, baby, please don't hang up!

"I don't either, Luke, I just ..." more silence, then, "I was calling because of Dad. You know that he hasn't been well and we thought, Mom and I thought that we'd do something special for his birthday. We were thinking of taking him to Alaska – it's one of the things on his bucket list. He's always wanted to go fishing there, you remember those stories! God, it seems like yesterday! What do you think?"

I knew she was extending the olive branch. If this had been Mom's idea, she would have called, not Rachael. I had to control my excitement. I didn't want to get ahead of things.

Alaska! We grew up hearing incredible tales of that frozen wilderness. I remember Rachael and me as kids, curled up in bed listening to my father's tales of White Fang and wolves, elk and the caribou, the tundra, the grizzly and the salmon. For him it represented the last American frontier and he had always fancied himself to be an adventurer of the Hemmingway, Jack London ilk. His heroes were all erudite and worldly intellectuals, men who lived life exploring the unknown. Unfortunately, my father lived his mostly through the experiences of others. He was a hopeless romantic caught up in his books. But he had piqued our interest as children, instilling and nourishing those seeds of adventure. I knew it would mean a lot to him to finally check this one off his list.

"Just tell me how much and I'll send you the check or I can put it my card." I offered impersonally.

"I didn't call you for money! I don't believe you! I called because we ..." she caught herself and corrected, "... Mom thought it would be nice for us to be together, a family again!"

"Mom?" I asked.

She didn't answer and I didn't push it.

"When were you planning to go?" I asked, "I would have to let my boss know."

"The weekend of his birthday, a month from now. I think a week should be fun." She replied, unable to suppress her enthusiasm and I could tell she was relieved and happy, "I've checked some places out and there are these day trips to Kodiak Island and Nushagak River ..." 

"Rachael?"

"Yes?"

"I'm sorry. I really do want to talk but I have a meeting in a few minutes; I have to get back to work." I said reluctantly, "Can I call you later?"

"Of course! I'm sorry," she said quickly, "we can talk later."

"Send me the details. My Gmail account is still the same. And ... and, thanks for calling. I mean that. I've missed ..." my voice had softened considerably but I didn't know how to say it. I wanted to tell her how much I had missed her but I couldn't.

She took pity on me, mercifully, "Me too. Give me a few days and I'll send you everything and then we can work out the schedule." She was quiet again and I wondered what she was going to say. "Luke, please call Dad. I think he would love to hear from you. He talks about you all the time."

I was about to respond with something irascible and nasty but held myself in check. My father and I hadn't spoken since I had left.

"I will. Take care of yourself."

"Luke, I ..." she was whispering, "... thank you."

And she hung up the phone. I was so high I could have kissed a bar-headed goose! For those who aren't aware of these soaring birds; those suckers fly over the Himalayas, as high as thirty thousand feet!

*****

That was the renaissance of our relationship; the getting back together as lovers. That trip was focused on Dad and though we talked quite a bit, we never brought up our past. Not that I didn't want to but I could never find the right moment. On the day that I was leaving to get back to Chicago, she managed to get Mom and Dad registered for an Iñupiat Art class so she could drop me to the airport and we could share some time alone. It was transparent but my parents went along with it. Mom was thrilled. I think Dad's fragile health and the fact that time heals all, had softened his perspective. We had bridged our differences. I realized that there was a lot of my father in me and partialities aside, I was his eldest son, his only son.

Rachael and I stopped at a small coffee shop on the way to the airport and spent most of the time quietly studying each other. I felt like a schoolboy on a date with the prom queen. She had changed, she was older, a little slimmer and her hair had lightened. She looked even more beautiful if that was possible – at least she did to me.

"I can't believe it's over," she said looking at me and then into her coffee, her hair which she had cut a bit shorter, cascade around her face, "the week went by so quickly!"

"Yeah, it's Einstein's theory," I said without thinking and realized that it was something my father would have said. I was getting to be more like him than I had ever imagined.

"What? You're so full of it!" she said and laughed, "You sound like Dad and his Chaos Theory!"

She blushed right after she said it. I guess it brought back unpleasant memories reminding her of my indiscretion.

We were quiet again. I kept peeking at her, quick, secretive glances as if to confirm that she was indeed there and not some figment of my imagination. I could feel my heart tightening at the thought of her belonging to someone else. I figured it was now or never.

"Rach, are you seeing anyone?" I had to ask, it had been on my mind the entire trip.

"It's none of your business!" she said, straight-faced and then laughed at my expression, "No I'm not! You should have seen the look on your face!" She sipped her coffee before asking, "How about you?"

Though it sounded matter-of-fact, I knew she was just as concerned as I had been. I was so relieved that I didn't trust myself to speak. And when I did, I replied softly, my voice sounding strangely removed; as if it was someone else who was speaking.

"No, no one."

"You're such a liar, Luke! I know you!" she exclaimed smugly.

"I mean it, sis, I'm not. I broke up with someone over a year ago and I haven't, I couldn't ..." I left it unsaid. How do you tell your sister that no one ever measured up to her and that I couldn't stop thinking of her?

She was quiet again and then did something that made my day, my week, my month ... She reached across the table and took my hands in hers. It was an act of forgiveness and renewal.

"I haven't been able to stop loving you Luke Meacham, even though you hurt me more that you'll ever know!" she said it clearly looking into my eyes.

I was in heaven, flying higher than those fucking geese!

*****

At the Airport, she insisted on parking the car and seeing me off against all my objections. I hated Airport goodbyes, never knowing what to do or say as the time drew closer. I waited until the very last minute before saying goodbye to her. It wasn't very crowded. We had been standing, holding hands when I heard the announcement over the PA.

"I'd better go," I said turning to her.

For a moment it was awkward. She kissed me quickly on my cheek and then when I pulled her to me, I felt her mouth searching for mine. I'm not sure how long we had been lip-locked but it was a long, sensual kiss and both of us needed to come up for air. I stepped back and could see her blushing.

"I missed that so much," I said, "I missed you, Rachael Meacham, more than you'll ever know!" And

I walked away. Don't ask me why but I felt like the John Wayne riding off into the sunset.

*****

Bella Coola, BC

"Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company." George Washington

The idea of a trip to Bella Coola began with just Rachael and me. She was to come to Chicago and we were to have gone together. But then when Kyla got wind of it, she decided to join us and before I knew it, Andrew and Sarah, Rachael's roommates wanted to tag along and that's how it got seriously fucked up.

By then, we had been talking every night, our conversations laced with overt sexual innuendos. This was going to be our trip, where we got back together. I couldn't wait for the make-up sex and told her so.

"You know what's going to happen when we meet, don't you?" I asked her.

"No, tell me!" she replied, tongue in cheek.

"You remember that night when you said you were sore and couldn't walk?" I asked her, my cock throbbing in my PJs.

She was quiet before replying, "Unh-huh!"

"Well, it's going to get exponentially worse! They're going to have to hospitalize you once I'm done fucking you!" I was shagging myself at the thought of the things I would do to her.

I knew I was getting to her. I had that picture of her, in her bikini swimsuit; her fingers buried inside her twat and could imagine her now, lying on her bed, her nightie pulled up, pleasuring herself.

"What are you wearing?" my voice was soft and hoarse, laced with desire.

"The Bugs Bunny Tee," she whispered back. It was an oversized, cotton t-shirt I'd given her years back that she loved.

"And panties? What color?"

"I'm not wearing any ..."

Damn! That was hot. I could picture her cunt, swollen and wet!

"What are you doing?"

"The same thing you are ..." she answered, her breathing soft, ragged.

Oh, fuck! She was frigging herself; her fingers riding between the puffy lips of her vagina.

"I'm going to make up for all the lost time. You'd better be ready to pay ..." I was now beyond rationale.

"Promises, promises," she said in her little girl voice.

"... I'm going to fuck you, little sister, fuck you silly!"

I could hear her through the silence as she readjusted her phone closer to her crotch so I could hear her fingers squishing, working her slit, and then she said so softly I barely heard it, her voice shaking, "Do you like that? I'm so wet for you, baby, your sister wants you ..."

She was back! She loved to verbalize our incestuous bonds and I loved listening to her.

"Oh yes, little sister, I'm can taste you ... I'm going to lick you, fuck you all night ..."

"You'll have to catch me first, darling brother!" she whispered back as we continued with our salacious teasing, titillating, urging and leading each other to the edge of the precipice.

*****

Back to the present: Discovery

And now, before I had a chance to see her, she was gone with some motherfucking maniac on her trail. I made a promise to myself that if he hurts a hair on her head, I'll make it my sole purpose in life to find him, to track him down and kill him - slowly. I'd make sure it took a year for him to die. He'd be screaming every second of the minute, every minute of the hour, every hour of the day and through the three sixty five days of that frigging year! And then I heard

Danny and it shook me out of my dark reverie.

"We're almost there," he called back.

We had climbed up and around, circumscribing the caves and after an hour or so of working our way through dense shrubs and foliage, we arrived above the ledge where Rachael and Kyla had egressed. We were higher up the mountainside and at a thirty degree angle to the cabin.

The view was spectacular and I could understand why he had picked this spot. He was near fresh water and it was secluded. The authorities would have been hard pressed to find this haven. He had given a lot of thought to the location and the manner in which he built his shelter. Even by helicopter, you'd miss it. The place was hidden under the cover of trees and dense shrubs. But from our vantage point, we could see the side of the cabin built into the rock face.

"I never thought anyone lived here," the giant muttered to himself.

Now that we were so close, my only thought was to get to Rachael. There was a part of me that was worried about what might have happened to her but I forced the doubting insinuations from my mind. I had to find her. That's all that mattered.

"That must be his place. I'm going in from the front, you should try the side," I said pointing to the left, "just in case ..."

And, before he could respond, I was off. I went down the incline; rapelling as quickly as I could then crouched and made a mad dash across the small yard to the front door. I noticed that it wasn't closed; it was open just a crack. There were an eerie stillness inside the cabin and I began to worry. My mind raced with questions. Was Rachael in there or did he have her sequestered somewhere else. Where were Kyla and Sarah? Where the fuck was he?

I looked for the giant and saw him bounding in from the side and decided to go in. I pushed the door open, slowly, but it creaked on its rusty hinges, the noise splintering the spectral quiet and I half expected some crazed ogre to leap out from the shadows. But there was nothing; no noise, no movement or regressive activity, nothing! All I heard was the incongruous sounds of birds and insects blending with the hissing rustle of leaves in nature's mocking symphony.

It was dark in the room and I crouched lower allowing my eyes to adjust before cautiously making my way to the open archway on the right. I passed some pots and pans and pressed myself, back against the wall, and waited, listening for the slightest movement. Hearing nothing, I spun and dashed into the room.

The bed was the first thing that I saw and mainly because the room was barren except for it. And then it registered: Kyla! As soon as I saw her, I was filled with relief followed by apprehension and shock. She was tied spread-eagled and her clothing was strewn in a scrambled heap besides the bed. She was covered in a fur quilt.

Her eyes fluttered open when she heard the big man stumble in after me, his thundering feet sure to raise the dead. He couldn't help himself.

"Ohhhh ..." she sighed, "Luke ..."

"Ssshhhh, it's okay, you're safe," I said while the giant cut the ropes binding her to the bedposts.

When she sat up, I hugged her and felt the quilt falling away. I was sitting on side of the bed aware of my fingers against her bare back, her breasts pressing into my chest and knew that she was naked.

"Are you okay?" I asked; my concern obvious.

She didn't answer. The unmistakable smell of sex that hung tenuously in the air told the story.

"I ..." she started and then reached under us, pulling the quilt back up to cover herself, "My clothes, please hand me my clothes."

The giant picked up the pile and sorted them meticulously. He did it quickly and efficiently and with consideration before handing them over to her.

"This is Danny. He's a friend." I said when I saw her looking at him.

"Daniel Benn, ma'am," he acknowledged, tipping his huge head.

She took the clothes from him without saying anything and waited. We turned our backs to allow her some privacy. I knew that the fucker had hurt her and I was now determined to hurt him back. I had known Kyla all my life. She was family and this asshole was going to pay. He was going to die.

"We'll get him, don't you worry, little man, we'll hunt him down," the giant muttered knowing exactly what I was feeling.

"Where's Rachael?" I asked; my heart in my throat, terrified of the answer.

"Rachael and Sarah are in the next room, they're safe ..." she said, "... you've got to hurry. He's gone to find Andrew, to kill him!"

As soon as she confirmed Rachael's safety, I felt an overwhelming relief. My mind kept went blank except for a single thought: Rachael's fine, Rachael's fine, Rachael's fine ...

"Luke, he's gone to kill Andrew! He said so," she reiterated with urgency, paused and added, "to me!"

"What?" I asked not sure if I had heard right.

The giant had already left and I could hear him lifting the crossbar off of the support brackets and the door creaking noisily open.

"He's gone back." she said again, "He knows where Andrew is; he's going to kill him. You need to hurry, Luke, I'll be ..." she stopped, "Go on, we'll be fine now."

Her shirt was ripped, with buttons missing. She was tying the ends in a knot around her abdomen just below her breasts. I saw teeth mark and bruises on her breasts and neck. My heart went out to her when I saw her fingers trembling. I stroked her hair gently back.

"How long ago? I mean, when did he leave?" I asked.

"About twenty five to thirty minutes, I think. I, er, I ..." she answered, "... I can't be sure."

I heard more shuffling of feet and when I turned around the giant was standing behind Rachael and Sarah but all I could see was my sister.

She was in the doorway, disheveled and tired but looking as incredible as ever. For a moment all else faded and we were alone, the quantum of time and space had compressed to an infinite nothingness. We looked at each other, eyes locked, and then she was in my arms. I held her so tightly I could feel her body flexing, melting into mine. I kissed the side of her head, overcome with relief, thrilling to the warmth of her breath against my neck. I finally had her back. I wished we had been alone but I was never letting her go again.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Sarah with Kyla, hugging her, cooing to her, gentle affirmations the way only women can. It was an emotional reunion for all of us.

"Listen, I'll go," the giant said coming over to us and when Rachael looked up at him, he grinned, his eyes crinkling up, shining like chips of aquamarine, white teeth flashing, "Well, hello missy, I knew we'd meet again!"

She blushed and said with a smirk, "Oh, it's you!"

She had brushed him off when he had approached her in Bella Coola – that seemed like a lifetime ago. Damn! I don't believe this – my sister was attracted to him. But she still clung to me her arms around my waist.

"You take care of her," he said to me and then did a poor imitation of the Terminator, "I'll be back!"

Rachael and I couldn't help but smile, his expression was priceless. But, deep down I knew the big man wouldn't be able to make it back quickly enough. I was in denial. I didn't want to leave my sister. Danny would have to go around the big rock, the one he christened, Mother's Hell, while I could chimney back down and that would shave thirty minutes off the trip. Thirty minutes that could mean the difference between life and death. The only chance Andrew had was if I went alone. Fuckin' Karma!

"No, you stay. I'll go. I'm faster and I now know the way. Just make sure they are safe."

He didn't object. He was pragmatic and accepted things for what they are.

"Okay, you don't worry, little man, they're safe now. I'll bring them back," he said reassuringly and then held out his knife, "Take this. You may need it."

It was his Bowie knife with a twelve inch blade and a handle made from carved walrus tusk. It was given to him by his father and was something he cherished. It was a real knife and not the Swiss Army pocket miniature that I had. I was touched by the gesture but I shook my head. It was of no use to me.

"Keep it, big man, you may have to catch and skin dinner – these gals can eat," I said motioning to Rachael and Kyla.

I could feel Rachael clinging to me, her fingers digging into the sides of my waist but I pulled her hands away as gently as I could and whispered so that only she could hear.

"Don't worry, baby, nothing's going to keep me away from you, nothing!"

There was very little time and I didn't want my mind fogged with distractions, especially emotional distractions concerning my sister.

The last thing I heard before entering the shaded embrace of the trees was Rachael calling out softly, "Luke, be careful ... I love you ..."

It was a lover's exchange and I wondered what the giant would make of that.

There was one thing in my favor; the element of surprise. The maniac had no clue that I was on my way back.

*****

Contact

I backtracked to the waterfall and was about to stop for a quick drink when I saw someone bent over splashing his face. My initial reaction was that it was him, the lunatic who had grabbed the girls, but when he stood up and turned I was surprised to see Lester Cooley. What the fuck was he doing here? And whatever happened to Bill Jacobs and his friends?

I would have confronted him except I didn't have the time so eschewing the break I kept going. I couldn't help but wonder about those businessmen and Jeff, the kid who was Cooley's assistant. Something wasn't right but I couldn't put my finger on it. It just smelled of rotting fish. I was concerned enough for Jacobs and his buddies that I decided to detour quickly by their campsite.

When I arrived there, it was deserted. The tents were gone and all that was left was the scattered ashes from the previous night. I looked around but there was nothing to indicate any foul play. I didn't have time so though it didn't feel right, I moved on.

I was making pretty good time and even traversing down the treacherous rock; the one Danny had baptized 'Mother's Hell', went faster than I had expected. He had named it while peeing on its base, and was short for 'Motherfucking Hell of a Rock' – except the big man never cursed and had called it, "Mother-bleeping Hell of a Rock"! He left it to me to fill in the expletive. I smiled at the memory! I realized that I was taking a real liking to him and felt conflicted about Rachael and him. But that was going to have to wait.

I was about a fifty yards from Rachael's campsite when I saw someone walking around the tents. It wasn't Andrew. The man's face paint and camouflaged outfit was a dead giveaway. It was him! The fuckin' kidnapper and rapist!

I froze, making sure I didn't make any noise. I was hidden in the shadows of the large Cedars, behind their enormous trunks. I felt the adrenalin rush and had to fight to keep my excitement in check. I didn't want to spook him off – that would create a whole new set of problems. I inched closer, crouched low making sure that he was always in my line of sight.

There was no sign of Andrew and that was good. The last thing I needed was for him to come out to explore the sounds around the campsite. 

Danny had covered our tracks using a leafy branch to wipe away our footprints and resurrect the trampled blades of grass – he called it 'Backwoods Smarts'! I just hoped he had done a good enough backwoods job.

The man stood up and looked around, squinting against the evenings glare; his movements were quick and decisive, almost to the point of being herky-jerky. He walked on the balls of his feet with the bounce of a gymnast. He wasn't very tall, maybe five-nine or ten, but he was thick and I knew instinctively that he was trouble. I was right.

He scanned the area and without hesitation, made a beeline towards the place we had left Andrew. He was halfway up the incline when I realized that this was it.

I stepped into the clearing and called, "Hey, asshole, you looking for me?"

The man stopped and spun around, ducking as he moved. He was crouched low, knees bent and ready to spring into action. He studied me and then straightened up.

"Who are you?" he asked his voice hoarse and soft, his eyes darting to the left and right of me.

"I'm your fuckin' nightmare, motherfucker! You shouldn't have messed with my sister!"

He studied me for a few moments then laughed and made his way back towards me. He reminded me of a wild animal, a wolf, sizing up a large prey. We were about five yards apart when he stopped. I could see his eyes, pale blue, almost translucent, gleaming with excitement. He was an adrenalin junkie a bit like me.

We stood eyeing each other, saying nothing, moving in a slow, counterclockwise circle. He had crouched again, making himself even smaller, offering less of a target. This was not a scuffle in the gym or a barroom fight; this was the real thing and what was at stake was life and death. I was trying to get a read on him and recognized the trap a second too late. He was a southpaw and had moved me into his left hand. I caught the flash of the blade just as he swung his arm in a lightning quick arc. It was a knuckle knife with a curved, axe-like blade that swept across his fist. I jerked back and felt it nick my pectoral slicing through the shirt. That was close, too damn close.

He laughed again except that it sounded like a snarl and kept the knife in a twisting, compact motion, held close to his body. He was bent over, his arms criss-crossing in small loops that prevented a counterstrike to his body. He was quick with catlike reflexes so I wasn't going to be able to surprise him; I would have to lure him in. The problem I faced was the knife - being right handed, my best shots were to his left side and that's where the danger was.

I faked a jab but he didn't flinch and instead made a quick lunge at my neck that I managed to parry away harmlessly. And, before he could back up, I threw a short left elbow, catching him high on the head that sent him stumbling. But he regained his balance almost immediately. He was back, crouched low, moving forward, shifting his weight from one foot to the other using the slashing blade to force me slowly backwards. It was then that I realized his ploy. There was a drop of hundred or so feet and he was moving me towards it to force me over.

I tried circling away, to reverse positions but he was like a boxer, cutting off the ring. Any lateral move on my part was met with a counter move that kept me pinned. He was quicker than me so I had to get this to the ground. If I could get a hold of him, it would be over.

I faked with the left again but this time he flinched and I threw a left front kick catching him high on the chest sending him tumbling backwards but he rolled with the blow and was up again, coiled and ready but with a different look in his eyes. I could sense a subtle change in his manner. The two blows he had taken had him concerned. He faked with the left using the knife to distract me, making me recoil but I moved into the right hand that he threw almost simultaneously. It caught me flush on the side of the head, messing with my equilibrium and while I staggered back he came forwards slashing wildly with the fisted scimitar. I kicked out in self-preservation and felt the pain shoot up my leg.

He had sliced a deep gash through the muscle almost to the bone. He slashed again and this time it caught me on my arm, not very deep but enough to make it bleed. He was carving me up like a turkey at Thanksgiving.

He kept pressing, using the knife in short compact arcs, inching forward forcing me to retreat. It was that or risk getting sliced up and when I glanced backwards, I was only a few feet from the edge. This was fucked up. There are moments in a conflict when hope begins to fade and desperations sets in. That's when you make mistakes. I was getting there. I didn't have a solution for his speed and reflexes and the knife gave him a distinct advantage. I threw caution to the wind and charged him, throwing a flying knee and maybe it was the surprise but it struck home, knocking him over.

This was the opening that I had been looking for. While he was scrambling to get up, I was on him, forcing him back to the ground. We rolled over several times but ended up with him on top, straddling my stomach. I grabbed his left wrist firmly and pushed it backwards looping my left arm under it in a Kimura and then jerked it back and up, behind him. I was going to break his arm. But he was obviously experienced in Brazilian Jiujutsu and had seen this move before. He rolled over, untwisting his arm at the same time and pulled away breaking my grip and was on his feet before I had a chance to recover my position. He rushed forward and stomped down, his heel aiming for my head. I had no option but to roll out from under him and was almost back up when I lost my footing and as I did, I fell over the edge. I tumbled wildly down the incline before I could straighten up, trying to grab at anything to break the fall and just as I neared the drop-off that would have had me falling into the abyss, my fingers hooked onto a rock. I held on tight, stabilizing myself and when I looked up, I saw him standing on the ledge, about twenty five feet above me, with a rock the size of a pumpkin in his hands, poised to hurl it towards me ...


******

End of Part 5

Wilderness Paradise Pt. 06
byu06la14b©

"For from within, out of the heart of man, come evil thoughts, fornication, theft, murder, adultery, coveting, wickedness, deceit, licentiousness, envy, slander, pride, foolishness. All these evil things come from within, and they defile a man." (Mark 7:14-23)

The Way Back -- Finding Rachael

They had been looking through the two rooms of the small cabin and had discovered a cache of backpacks, women's purses, and clothes, under garments, jewelry and personal items that had obviously belonged to other campers or trekkers. They were stashed next to the wooden table and loosely covered with a sheet.

"We had better get going before it gets dark," Daniel Benn said to Rachael. The big man had been in the yard, standing watch, in case Woodard decided to come back.

"There so much here!" Rachael exclaimed, rummaging through the vanity items and clothing and holding up a dress, "God! These poor girls! What do you think happened to them?"

The need for reassurance is common in times of crisis. The reality is so grossly deviant or vulgar that acknowledging it condemns us all in some way; it connects us to the horror within a few degrees of separation. That one person could do so much harm to another is beyond the grasp of normal cognizance when the only perspective we have is gleaned from the Evening News or shows like NCIS, Law and Order SVU and others of that ilk. We are titillated and anaesthetized by their pithy themes. It is the quintessential aphorism: Art imitating Life.

We do not want to believe that the quiet, polite kid with glasses, who lives next door to us, is a child molester or serial killer -- as was the case with Jeffrey Dahmer. A neighbor once saw a naked boy running out of Dahmer's apartment but couldn't believe that it had anything to do with the quiet man he knew and did not report the incident. Psychologists refer to this as Cognitive Dissonance -- our inability to rationalize aberrant behavior with perception. Dahmer went on to kill twelve more people, most of them, young boys.

There was nothing the giant could have said that would have allayed Rachael's fears or coddled her sensibilities.

The big Canadian looked at her and shook his head, "Nothing good, I can assure you. This is a sick man, not right in his head!"

"It's worse than that, Daniel, he's a pathological killer! A rapist and a serial murderer!"

"You had better come and look at this! Quick!" Sarah said poking her head through the doorway.

Rachael and Danny followed her to the weathered hutch in the back. It was made from Western Red Cedar with a coarse, unfinished veneer and looked like a Storage Shed or an Outhouse. It was neither. The narrow door was open and Kyla was standing inside the doorway, her face ashen. The floor, unlike the cabin, was cemented but one look at the interior and the bizarre accoutrements anchored to the floor and walls and it was clear that this was the bastille where the acts of madness were committed.

The shackles with heavy chains and leather braces for the neck and the feet were there to keep the victims immobilized and helpless. There were four sets, three on one wall and one on the wall opposite them. The three were evenly spaced, an arm's length from each other. And judging from the galvanized gleam of the solitary station, it was obvious that it was a recent addition.

Rachael tried to imagine what it would be like to have the door closed and to be shackled like an animal, left naked in the pitch-black darkness, shivering from the freezing cold, unable to move or see; terrified by every sound but helpless to do anything. It sent a chill down her spine. The tangible proximity to this evil corruption resurrected the ghosts of her childhood giving life to those unimaginable monsters that had lurked in her closet and haunted the dark corners of her imagination.

"Look there," Kyla said pointing to the corner where the wood was discolored with a wide spattering of reddish brown stains, some blotches more recent than others.

The floor had been scrubbed clean and there was a mild smell of pine and ammonia but neither time nor disinfectant could mask the subtle stench of human death. It clung tenaciously to the walls, carried by eddies of air that filtered through their nostrils stirring in them a nauseating repugnance.

They stood quietly, eyes darting from shackles to stains, each lost in their own form of abhorrence unable to reconcile the madness with the insouciant existence of their isolated and sterile worlds. Words would have only desecrated the memory of those who had suffered here. It was obvious that they were looking at the bloody marker of some poor soul (or souls) whose single requiem lay in this Stygian origami. The sordid thoughts and images that swirled in their heads, detailing the butchering of another human, were simply too overwhelming.

It was Kyla who reacted first. She squeezed by the others, leaving the shed and turning to one side she doubled over as the bile regurgitated up in a series of dry heaves. They could hear her retching. The memory of her experience was too recent and spoliated by the clammy insinuation she had just witnessed. This was too near to her fantasies; the encounter, too morbid to be erotic and so similar that it made her sick. It was especially disgusting, the fact that she had on some level enjoyed the fantasy -- that she did it for her own survival was lost in the stark malevolence that was on display. It was the admission of taking pleasure from sex with this deviant that filled her with revulsion.

The giant, who had been standing by the door, gently stroked her back, commiserating with her, then ducked his head and came in. His immense frame blocked out most of the light. He examined the shackles and grabbed hold of the chain nearest him, wrapping it around his fist. He adjusted his grip then jerked on it, testing its resolve. It held. He pulled again, this time with greater force, causing them to creak and groan but they withstood the extraordinary strain.

"Pretty strong!" he muttered and flexed his shoulders. He was getting ready to test it further when Rachael reached out and touched his arm.

"Don't break it, Daniel, it is evidence." She cautioned softly.

"You're right," the big man admitted. He dropped the manacles and backed out of the shed.

The dull clatter of metal against cement rang with distinct clarity, a symbolic tolling of bells, the tinny reverberations spooking the women.

"Okay, let's go, this place gives me the creeps," Rachael said walking out into the small yard, squinting to adjust to the evening's sunlight after being in the shadowy dimness of the shed.

She went over to Kyla and hugged her. "Are you okay?"

They stood basking in the comfort of each other's embrace before the tall woman nodded, "I'm okay. Let's just go. I want to get as far away from this place ..."

"I know. Let's get out of here!"

"Wait! Rachael, there has to be more! There must be drivers licenses, passports and other personal items hidden somewhere here." Sarah said her words tumbling out quickly. "We owe it to these girls to try and find them. If it weren't for all of you, I would have been one of them! Their families need closure."

No one spoke until finally it was Kyla who agreed, "We all need closure."

The realization that they had come within a hair's breadth of sharing a fate worse than death weighed heavily on all of them and they stood looking at one another, their disgust and fear attenuated by a new resolve. It was Rachael who sighed loudly, a cathartic gesture, and shook her head as if to rid her mind of the gruesome images construed by morbid illusion. She was their unspoken leader.

"I agree. Let's go through the cabin again, make sure we haven't missed anything." She said and began walking back.

This time there was a renewed urgency to their search, turning things over, looking under the mattress and in the boxes hidden under the bed but all they managed to find were more clothing and jewelry that Woodard had taken from the women. Rachael had read somewhere that serial killers often kept mementos of their victims to relive the excitement of their irreverent avocation and this man was no different. There was an uncanny order to the inventory of trinkets. Rings and bracelets in one box, necklaces and pendants in another, panties folded neatly alongside bras, dresses, jeans and trousers in a larger box -- it was eerie.

After forty minutes, their diligent search had uncovered nothing further. They had rummaged through every possible secret place, in every nook and corner, but their perquisition had come up empty.

Rachael stood in the main room, hands akimbo, "It's got to be here! It has to be! He would want to see their faces to reenact his fantasies so that it would have more meaning for him!"

She looked around the room, her eyes searching for other possible hiding places but there was nothing obvious. She was harried by splintering thoughts of Luke and had to constantly refocus her efforts to the task at hand. The years without him had been the most difficult for her and if she were to lose him again she wasn't sure she could survive. She felt the tightness in her chest growing and closed her eyes.

"Listen, we can come back with the police. They have dogs and we might be able to find them ..." the big man hadn't wanted to say it but then continued, "... find the bodies. But we better leave now if we want to make it back before it gets dark."

"You're right, Daniel, we are wasting time. He could have hidden them anywhere, even outside." Rachael agreed then paused before adding, "I've tried not to think about it, but I'm worried about Luke. I'm ..."

"Don't worry, missy, your brother is a tough, little feller and he strikes me as a bloke who keeps his promises." He answered and gave her a reassuring smile.

"What promises?" Rachael asked, puzzled.

"Ah, yes. Your brother has promised to be my best man!"

"You're getting married?" She was surprised.

"WE are getting married! You and me! It's this karma thing, girl, don't fight it," he said with a big, lopsided grin.

"You're an idiot! And, we were getting on so well!" she snapped back but blushed.

"Don't be that way, missy, I know you feel something! I can see it on your face!"

"I feel something alright! I feel like slapping some sense into you, you big ox! And what you see ..." she was midsentence when she caught the movement at the front door.

And that's when they noticed the tall silhouette standing in the doorway. It was Luther Cooley and he had a gun pointed at them.

*****

Karmic Justice -- What goes around comes around

It is hard to explain exactly what I was feeling hanging on for dear life; clinging to a small bump of a rock by tips of my fingers. There was disbelief, desperation, anger, frustration -- all swirling together in one massive, pressing swell. And the sight of the crazy man standing on the ledge with a rock in his hands confirmed the deadly seriousness of my predicament. I was sure that I was done for, a goner, or whatever phrase best suited my situation. Unless lightning struck this asshole, it was pretty much 'game over' for me! He was about to send me headlong into the next life and all I could think of was Rachael. We were on the brink of making up and all those plans I had were now for naught!

Looking up at him, I could see the satisfied sneer on his face as he let the rock go, hurling it at me. I closed my eyes instinctively and felt the wake of the pumpkin-sized boulder as it whizzed by my head missing me by inches. At least that is what it felt like.

There was a sense of disbelief when I opened my eyes. He missed! It was total elation, that is, until he spoke again.

"You ever go bowling, tough guy; the next one's going to be a strike!" he called down to me and disappeared looking for another rock.

I tried using my feet, kicking wildly but there was nothing to grab onto. I was the proverbial sitting duck, hanging helplessly in mid-air. It is at the most inappropriate moments that certain memories pop up, assailing your thoughts with a clarity that is astounding, creating a phantasmal phenomenon possibly to mitigate the immediate and deadly exigency. And for me, it was Rachael's Bugs Bunny t-shirt. Images of the garment flashed inexplicably before my eyes, the manner in which it bunched up above her fleshy thighs revealing a hint of her panties and the slight cleft of her vaginal lips ... that was before I saw his silhouette again and any hope that I might have fostered, faded as quickly as the blink of an eye.

He had a bigger rock and was poised to launch it at me. I closed my eyes and prayed harder than I had ever done before and though I didn't see my life playing out in random snapshots, the reason for my living did -- it was Rachael's face smiling at me. And that's when I heard the dull thud of the boulder hitting close, spraying me with dirt. A heartbeat later, I heard the rock clattering at the bottom of the ravine. He had missed again!

"Fuck! You are one lucky asshole! But don't go anywhere, you know what they say? The third time is the charm -- strike three!" he taunted just before disappearing again.

Letting go meant certain death. If, on the other hand, I could swing my legs a little farther I might be able to hook my toes onto a slightly larger rock to the right side of me and which would allow me to bridge up onto the underside and present less of a target. This would mean swinging my body, to and fro like a pendulum, to generate the momentum required to stretch for the toe-hook. The dull ache in my forearms signaled the build-up of lactic acid and my fingers, crimping the rock, were beginning to tire. There was a voice in my head screaming for me to let go, to chance the fall and hope for the best but the survival instinct is a powerful one and I held on with renewed determination. I was spurred on by thoughts of Mom and Dad and Rachael: always Rachael; my lover and sweet, gentle sister who I cared for more than life itself. I had to find a way out of this. I didn't come all this way to lose her again. But just then the crazy man turned up again with a rock the size of Arkansas.

"Any last words?" He asked getting ready to finish me off, "No? No last words for you sister? Come on, you must have something to say to her? I'm going to enjoy fucking her, making her squeal, you know what I mean? After a while they get to like it!"

I heard him laughing; a high-pitched hyena cackle that rang down the mountain slopes, and all I could think of was how easily he handled that large rock. The fucker was strong.

"You're pathetic, asshole; you couldn't hit the side of a barn if you were standing next to it!" I called up hoping to mess with his mind.

I realized that this situation was statistically stacked against me. Sooner or later he was going to get lucky. I closed my eyes again, bracing for the worst. And just then I heard a sound, a muffled thwack, like that of a baseball bat. I opened my eyes in time to see the madman with his rock falling headlong over the edge in a perfect swan dive. His face was etched in surprise and terror and he was screaming as he hurtled past me. There was another dull thud that rattled up from the bottom of the ravine and then everything went still.

When I looked up again I couldn't quite believe it, I had to blink and look again - it was Andrew.

"Luke? Hey, hang on," he called down, "I have a rope. Give me a minute."

Once I made it back up, I sat down, my arms burning with the searing pain of lactic acid. I was reacting to the adrenalin dump and the immense relief that washed over me like an opiate. I tried to control my hands, to stop the trembling but I noticed my fingers shaking as I pulled up my trousers. I needed to take care of my leg which was still bleeding. It was a flesh wound that was pretty deep but not serious.

"Where's the first-aid kit?" I asked.

"Oh, yes, I'll get it," Andrew said and rushed into the tent and returned with the kit.

"Thanks," I said taking the soft pouch from him.

Andrew stood there with a grin on his face while I cleaned and bandaged up the gash on the outside of my calf muscle, "You saved my ass." I muttered up at him.

"Hey, it was the least I could do. And, I owed him that for what he did to me," Andrew replied and then continued pointing to the club-like staff, "I made that after you guys left. I was feeling better and needed to do something to keep my mind busy. I was going nuts worrying about Sarah. I figured I'd make myself a club, something more substantial in case a bear turned up, and a good thing I did!"

"Amen to that, brother!" I replied, "How are you holding up?"

"I'm fine. I look worse than I feel. Did you find Sarah?" he asked unable to hide his concern.

"She's okay. Unharmed. They are all fine. Danny's bringing them here but if you are up to it we can head their way and surprise them, what do you say?"

I wanted to get back to Rachael as soon as I could, wondering if the giant has cast his spell on her. I had to curb the sudden insecurity that welled up in me. I thought about Dennis Stolle and all that it had cost me! Damn! Not again -- never again!

"I say 'yes', let's go!" He answered with enthusiasm.

"We'll leave as soon as we make sure that that asshole isn't a Freddy Krueger reincarnate," I said and got up.

*****

A Giant amongst Men

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, what do we have here?" Cooley said studying the giant and Rachael, "I'm sure Josh wouldn't like this -- fuckin' strangers messing around in his place!"

The room had been ransacked and was in disarray.

"What are you doing here?" Rachael asked recognizing the tall man they had met earlier and surprised by his sudden appearance.

"The question is; what are you doing here, bitch?" he asked disdainfully.

The giant turned, facing Cooley, "Watch your mouth!"

"Don't even think it! Move!" Cooley hissed waving the Israeli made Jericho 941, the light reflecting ominously off of the modified stainless steel barrel, "Move over; next to them!"

Kyla and Sarah had come into the main room when they heard the commotion and were standing behind Rachael.

The giant remained where he was, eyes unwavering, carefully gauging the distance between them, "You don't really think that little peashooter will stop me, eh?"

"You want to find out? It's a .40 caliber, motherfucker - I've killed a fuckin' grizzly with this! Yeah, it'll stop your jumbo ass, I guarantee it! Now move over, I'm not asking again!" Cooley's voice had dropped to an ominous hiss.

"Danny, please ..." Rachael said her voice, soft and pleading but the giant remained where he was.

Cooley realized that he had to either shoot the big man or adjust his position -- he chose the latter. He moved slowly towards the women, to the apex of a spatial triangle, keeping them in front of him so that he could cover the girls and the big man. He wasn't as worried about the women as much as he was the giant. Contrary to his bravado, Daniel's size was intimidating, and he wasn't absolutely sure the .40 caliber would stop this Bunyanesque behemoth.

"You are trespassing and I could shoot you for that!" Cooley said, addressing the giant, "This place belongs to a friend of mine and I know he wouldn't appreciate you poking around in his things."

"His things? Your friend is a maniac! Do you know that he kidnapped us? That he's most probably killed several women?" Sarah interjected vehemently.

"Several women and men," he corrected.

"That's sick! Why? Why would you -" Rachael didn't recognize the implication.

The tall man interrupted her, ignoring the question.

"Josh is good at a lot of things but he'll be the first to tell you, he's not the brains of this organization. I am! There is no way he could manage something as tricky as this!"

He paused, looked around at them, waiting for his admission to sink in and then continued, "I'm the one who leads them here or let's him know when some sweet thing is coming this way. We're a team. Tourists check in at my office looking for maps and guides, like you girls did, and if I see something nice, I let Josh know and the rest is like taking candy from a kid!"

"You're in this with him?" Rachael was incredulous.

"Yes, doll face, I'm in this with him!" He mimicked her then continued, "Ten fuckin' years now so we've got it down to a science. They've been looking all over this mountain and nothing; not a trace. Fucking losers! And the real kicker is that there's an endless supply! They just keep coming every year. Now I have to admit that we'd hit a dry patch the past few months but you girls make up for it!"

He was unable to keep the smug satisfaction off of his face, relishing the superior 'better than thou' feeling and couldn't contain himself. He continued to brag.

"It was me who told him about you in the first place. We were planning to come after you together but you happened to cross his path while he was hunting and Josh could never pass up a cunt like you!" He looked directly at Rachael.

She felt her face flushing at his crude reference. The women huddled closer finding comfort in numbers.

"Dora Mayer, did you grab her?" Daniel asked edging closer to Cooley. He had been with the volunteers looking for Dora when she went missing.

"Dora Mayer, that black girl, of course! All that brouhaha in the news! The fuckin' press, especially the English press got close, one of them even made it to the caves but that's as close as he got."

Then noticing the giant inching over, he snarled, "Now you back up or I'm going to cap her little ass!" He pointed the gun at Sarah who was nearest to him.

Daniel moved back reluctantly and Cooley continued, "She was too good to pass up. A real tasty piece of ass with her cute accent and all! She moaned like a whore when we fucked her! She liked it so much that she actually begged for it! She'd still be around if she hadn't tried to get away!"

And while he was talking, salacious images ran through his mind. The first time they had abducted someone was by sheer chance. They were tracking a bear when they came across a young couple. She couldn't have been more than twenty. Red hair with milky, pink skin and freckles so light you had to look carefully to see them; a ripe plump and juicy strawberry. She had flirted with them and turned out to be a hypersexual bitch. Josh and he took them to the cabin and tied the husband up and made him watch while they took turns fucking her. That was before they built the shed.

It was Josh's idea. He derived pleasure from the voyeurism and delighted in making the women cum while their boyfriends or husbands watched. It was as though the physical act of their orgasms wiped the slate clean, eradicating blame from his conscience. He'd lick them tirelessly; lapping at their cunnies, sucking their clits until their bodies reneged and gave in to the persistent stimuli, eventually succumbing to the pleasure. And as the waves of velvet thrills broke down their mental resolve, they would thrash and moan, making them, in his mind, complicit in the sordid act.

Cooley had to admit that it even turned him on. The memory of that redhead was so intense, it felt like only yesterday they had done her. The reminiscence of her hair flaying wildly as she tossed her head from side to side while she rode his friend's cock was burned indelibly on his brain. She had begged for her life, willing to do anything, but in the end they had tired of her. He felt himself twitching and getting hard as he began to index through the many women they had abducted often accompanied by their boyfriends or husbands. However, killing them and feeding them to the bears had been Josh's idea but it made sense and it had given him a thrill -- a sexual thrill that only Josh had understood.

They enjoyed killing and watching each other fuck but especially killing; they had discovered that particular proclivity in Sangin while they were together with the 5th Battalion in Afghanistan. Under the cover of darkness, they would infiltrate behind enemy lines on clandestine raids that proved deadly for unwary Mujahideen rebels. Their covert killings had struck fear in the heart of their enemy and earned them the agnomen: La Peste Negra, The Black Death, by the South American Mercenaries who fought alongside the Moslems. But it was when they got lucky and abducted a female Mujahideen fighter that their sovereign bond was forged. They had taken her to a desolate outpost to indulge their warped predilection and had kept her there for hours, raping her repeatedly, before cutting her up in pieces. This vicious act, baptized in the blood of the enemy, had cemented their relationship forever. Cooley was now fully hard.

Rachael was stunned. The fact that they were faced with a tag-team of trained killers working in tandem was frightening. The thought that Like was in danger suddenly bludgeoned her senses!

'Luke, Oh God, Luke please come back!' Her mind reverted to the one person that made her feel safe.

"What is he ..." Rachael asked, "What is Josh to you?"

The question jostled Cooley back from his temporary rumination and his eyes refocused and he answered without hesitation.

"We are brothers; brothers in arms! Special Ops, bitch! You wouldn't understand." He pulled the top of his shirt aside revealing a skull's head tattoo on his upper pectoral with the words 'Semper Fidelis' under it -- Latin for 'Ever Faithful'. "We were together in Afghanistan, you know, doing the dirty work so people like you can wander through these mountains without a care in the world! Well, it's time to pay ..."

"You're not going to get away with this. This madness will end and it will not go well for you!" The big man announced.

Luther Cooley shrugged, "You're entitled to your opinion, Jocko, but we've been at this for a while. We've had so many women I can't remember them all. The only reason you're alive is because Josh likes an audience. He's a freak -- it turns him on. He likes the men to watch while he fucks their women. It keeps him going. Two years ago, there was this couple from Atlanta, a rich old fart with this beautiful, young blonde. Josh must have fucked her a hundred times that week with her husband watching. It was amazing. Every time he looked, there she was, his pretty, young wife, moaning loudly, riding this stranger's cock right in front of him!"

Cooley let out a laugh savoring the memory and then addressed the giant, "He'll want you to watch him fuck these bitches ... especially that one!" He indicated to Rachael, "And if you try and close your eyes, he'll carve your eyelids out! He is a sick bastard when it comes to shit like that."

He let out a howl and then turned serious, "Okay, enough of the chitchat. Let's take a walk - I'm going to lock up this fuckin' ape!"

No one moved.

"I'm not asking again," he said, a sinister hiss.

They remained still, defiantly staring at him, calling his bluff.

Cooley shrugged, turned his gun towards Sarah and pulled the trigger. It took place so quickly that no one had a chance to react. The gunshot sounded like a cannon in the tight confines of the room, reverberating with deafening and unexpected clarity, startling them all.

Sarah was thrown backwards, falling over the bear's head onto the rug, the blood spurting from her left arm near the shoulder.

She screamed in pain, grabbing her wound, curling up and grimacing, "Oh God, it hurts ..."

"The next one will be between her eyes!" Cooley said casually, "I really don't give a damn if it's two or three - I just need a cunt to fuck! And she's not my type anyway!"

Rachael and Kyla were bent over Sarah trying to stem the bleeding. They looked up at Cooley in disbelief. This couldn't be happening. This is just plain madness.

"Relax, it's a flesh wound. She'll be fine!" He said then added with a menacing tone, "Now move or she's dead!"

"Don't go! Don't let him lock you up ..." Sarah said firmly, her face etched in pain.

"You're a feisty little bitch! I like that." Cooley interjected moving sideways so that he was farther away from the big Canadian and closer to the women, "But I guess I'm going to have to shoot you and that's too bad; the feisty ones always fuck the best!"

"Okay, you made your point," Rachael said helping Sarah up, "let me clean the wound and bandage it. She's bleeding ..."

"You can do that later." He cut her off, "Now, we lock the gorilla up!"

He waved the pistol towards the door and herded them outside.

*****

Making up for Lost Time

"Bring the ropes and biners," I said to Andrew, "also some anchors and draws and leave the rest behind. We'll travel as light as possible."

"Okay, Luke, how about water?"

"One bottle. There's a spring on the way where we can refill."

Andrew was going to need help getting up Mother's Hell, the rock that was Danny's nemesis, and the less we carried, the easier it was going to be. I was hoping that the scabbing around the knife wound to his abdomen would hold. The last thing we needed was for him to aggravate the injury. But I wanted to be with Rachael and decided to chance it. I was also concerned about Cooley and wondered what he was doing at the waterfall.

We began the trek back towards the cabin making small talk and chatting about inconsequential stuff but after some time the dialog tapered off and we fell quiet. My mind was filled with thoughts of Rachael and some of the outrageous situations we had been in before the rift. She was normally quiet and even a bit shy but then, contrary to her tacit demeanor, she would surprise you by doing the most outrageous things.

There was this one time when I was cramming for exams that Rachael came to see me. She had never done that before. Since she didn't have a car, it was always me rushing over to be with her.

I was in the library when she finally found me. She came up behind me, cupping my eyes with her hands and whispered, "Guess who?"

I knew instantly who it was but decided to tease her.

"Jill?"

There was a short silence, soft giggling and then in a fake voice, "Unh-una, nope!"

"Tracy? No, it's not Tracy. Mmmm, wait it's that perfume, I got it, Annie?"

"You're hopeless!" She said and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek.

I stood up and was about to pull her to me when I saw the girl next to her. It was her friend, Andrea, who must have driven her over. She was a tall girl, a bit taller than me, sort-of-cute but with crooked teeth. She was also the best Volleyball player on Rachael's team. She was good enough to have been recruited by UCLA on a scholarship.

"Where's Kyla?"

Rachael and Kyla were inseparable and the three girls made a formidable front court for their team.

"She was going to come with us but her dad wasn't feeling well." Kyla's father was a volunteer firefighter. He had hurt himself while training for the local fire department. Kyla's mother, who was from Spain, was in Madrid visiting with her parents so it was left to Kyla to take care of her dad.

The girls had skipped lunch so we went down to the local burger joint. Rachael sat next to me while Andrea sat across from us. Under the table, Rachael had her leg wrapped around mine. After we had ordered our burgers, Andrea excused herself and went to the ladies room which gave us some privacy.

"What do I owe this to?" I asked, kissing my sister quickly. I loved the soft fullness of her lips and the taste of her mouth.

"I missed you," she replied.

"I missed you more and I want you baby, I haven't been able to concentrate on anything ..." I leaned into her, my hand on her lap, prying between her thighs, "... we need to lose her for a while!"

Rachael giggled and squeezed my hand pressing it into the V of her sex. "Lose her? That's going to be difficult!"

"You know what I mean, Rach, I need --"

"It's that time of the month. I have my friend," she cut me off, making a face, "so you had better behave."

"I don't really care. It doesn't bother me. You're beautiful, baby, no matter -"

"Yuck! I do care and it matters to me." She interrupted again.

I could never figure it out. Around her period, Rachael was especially sexual, 'in heat', driven by hormonal estrus but she considered herself to be 'dirty' and 'unclean'. Go figure! She avoided sex -- that is, conventional sex and became hyper-oral instead. She wouldn't let me touch her but she would suck me off several times a day. Not that I was complaining but it just made me want to fuck even more.

I was about to say something lewd when Andrea came back from the restroom and we resumed our mundane conversation. We chatted about volleyball and martial arts. I was surprised to learn that she had taken some classes in Judo and knew quite a bit about MMA. She wasn't pretty but I was beginning to like this girl.

After a while Rachael, who took her turn disappearing to the ladies room, returned and made a suggestion, "Hey, let's go for a movie!"

"A movie? I have exams coming up!"

"Come on! A break will do you good." Rachael insisted sitting down next to me and snuggling up against my arm, "And, we are both broke so you're going to have to treat us!"

Andrea seconded that notion, "Yeah, that's what brothers are for! And there are a few good movies playing now."

I felt Rachael's hand running up my thigh and all consideration for my exams went out the proverbial window.

"Come on, give me a break! You'll want to see some chick-flick and I'll end up sleeping through it!" I protested, "I might as well study!"

But they were persistent and I caved. We got the local papers and the choice came down to Collateral with Tom Cruise or Troy. I was glad that neither one was a soppy love story. I let them choose and they went with Troy and Brad Pitt. Apparently, girls prefer blonds too.

While we were standing in line for the tickets, I kidded them, "Hey wake me up when it's over, okay?"

"It supposed to be good," Andrea tried reassuring me, "It's about the Trojan war. You'll like it, you'll see!"

"Yeah, right, if it wasn't for Brad Pitt you girls wouldn't be watching those friggin' Greeks waving their swords around!"

Andrea laughed, "I actually prefer the dark, mysterious types like Tom Cruise or -"

"I'm going to tell him," Rachael interrupted and then turned to me, "Luke, she thinks you're cute, short but cute!"

Andrea gave me her snaggletooth smile. She was obviously very self-assured because it didn't bother her at all. But, I was six two and except for these two fuckin' Amazons, most girls thought I was tall.

"That's not fair! You gals are giving me a complex! If I'm short what does that make Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt? They're midgets then!"

"Very cute midgets!" This was accompanied by more giggles.

"That's it! Now I'm going to have to watch the movie and quiz you both afterwards!"

Rachael looped her hand through my arm and whispered, "Don't worry, darling, you won't be watching the movie, trust me!"

I felt her pressing against my side and had no idea what she meant until the movie started. She wouldn't try anything with her friend there, would she?

It was a week day and a matinee so except for a few other couples the theatre was pretty much empty. Rachael picked a pew towards the rear and sat in the middle with Andrea and me on either side of her. Andrea had the aisle seat on Rachael's left and I was sitting on her right. As soon as the theatre darkened, I felt Rachael's hand on my lap, feeling for me under the jacket I had taken off. Now I knew what she meant about not watching the movie! It brought back memories of the Garden Rookery, the first time she had indulged her sexual games in public.

I gave my sister a sideways glance but she was staring at the screen, her face expressionless. She had a hold of me and was squeezing my cock through my trousers. Just having her touching me was intense but having her doing it with her friend right next to her was insane on another level!

She waited for the main feature to start before she tugged at my fly, slowly unzipping me, and releasing the one-eyed monster from its solitary confinement. I was just hoping that the muffled sounds didn't catch Andrea's attention and as soon as I popped free, I could feel Rachael, impatiently groping for my cock. She was still for a while, just holding me tightly but when she felt me squirming, she began pumping me. She used a slow steady rhythm, up and down, up and down, her fingers feathering the flared coronal ridge of my glans, spreading the precum over the bloated head. I grit my teeth and closed my eyes, suppressing the moans that were building in the back of my throat. I waited, my fingers gripping the ends of the armrests, my knuckles white, knowing that it wouldn't take long. I was certain that sooner or later Andrea was bound to glance over but she never did. She was engrossed, watching the movie. Every so often, without looking, she would methodically grab a handful of popcorn from the giant tub on Rachael's lap but other than that she seemed oblivious to what was going on beside her.

"Popcorn?" Rachael whispered, lifting the large tub and bringing it over between us, blocking any view Andrea might have had, and then she pushed my jacket back exposing my cock.

Her eyes glittered brightly, icy-blue chips, glimmering in the reflective light of the giant screen, brimming with urgency. We looked at each other and she smiled a naughty, pixie smile. I was about to cover myself again but she pushed my hand away and shook her head, glaring at me, mouthing a silent, "No!"

She returned the Popcorn to her lap and began stroking me again except now she was watching her fingers riding my cock unconcerned about Andrea and the possibility of discovery. I was amazed that her friend didn't hear the soft susurration of Rachael's hand brushing against my trousers or the slippery 'clicking' of my foreskin as she stroked me: sounds that thundered in my ears above the din of the movie. My sister was expert in prolonging the agonizing pleasure. Each time I got close she would stop and remain still until the feeling passed before resuming with her sensual commission. She continued, bringing me to the edge and then backing off, letting me cool down again, before renewing her lewd caress. It reached a stage where my entire body had been reduced to a raw, tingling nerve, begging for release. I couldn't stand it anymore.

I leaned over to her, "Please, baby, finish it!"

Just then Andrea got up and left for the ladies room. If I didn't know any better, I would have sworn that it was contrived; that they had planned it. As soon as she had gone, Rachael scooted over and knelt in between my legs and without a word sucked me into her mouth. But by then, I really didn't care if the whole fuckin' world was watching. I leaned back and closed my eyes allowing the pleasure of her mouth to take over and waited for the release I so badly wanted.

I loved the feel of her tongue, swirling around the head, rubbing the underside while she sucked on the head with deliberate skill. And, when I looked down, I could see her cheeks hollowing, her lips stretched over the distended dome, her head bobbing in time to her fingers shagging the base of my shaft. The visual stimuli along with my sister's oral proficiency was too much and I could feel my cum beginning to churn.

"I'm close, baby, I'm going to cum, oh, soon ..." I whispered.

She pulled her mouth off of me, "Give it to me, give it to your sister, baby, cum in my mouth. I want it all. Now!" and she did something she had never done before. 

She squeezed the root near my pubic bone as tightly as she could, distending the mushroomed head so it swelled up like an angry, purple gargoyle. Then using her other hand she caressed the slippery dome with her fingers, rubbing her palm up and down and around the flared ridge sending intense surges of pleasure ricocheting through my body, sensations almost too pleasurable to bear. I doubled over, groaning loudly, when I felt her lips wrapping around me again, sucking wildly as she released the swelling fluids and in one ruptured effusion it flooded thickly into her mouth. She swallowed quickly, draining the viscid ejaculate down her throat as my cock pulsed and jerked in her dainty fingers. She kept on sucking; drawing me in and out of her mouth, teasing my ravaged cock, until there was nothing more and then she looked up at me and smacked her lips like a satisfied kitten.

She kissed the tip of my semi-turgid prick, tucking it back into my trousers and stood up. She was standing in between my thighs, her back facing the screen and that was when I noticed Andrea, in the aisle, by her seat. She was sipping a soda and watching the movie. She remained standing until Rachael slipped out and went to the ladies room. She didn't once look over at me.

After the movie we stopped at the local Starbucks for coffee.

"What did you think? Did you like it?" Andrea asked me.

It was weird. Both girls acted perfectly normal, like nothing had transpired.

"It was okay. I thought Brad Pitt did a good job." I replied trying to remain noncommittal.

"He was being Brad Pitt. Hector was the hunk!" She replied and smiled, flashing her pronounced cuspids.

They kept chattering about the movie and I swear you'd have never guessed that my sister had missed most of it.

We finally arrived at my dorm where they had parked the car. I could see the guys checking Rachael out and felt the same jealousy begin to build.

"Do you want to come up?" I asked, "I can order some pizza or Chinese if you'd like?"

My sister loves Chinese food so I was surprised when she declined.

"No. I'm stuffed and we do have to get back." Rachael said and gave me a big hug holding onto me a bit longer than was normal.

I bussed Andrea briefly, kissing her cheek and giving her a quick, friendly hug.

"Hey, it was good seeing you." I said stepping back.

"Ditto! And thanks for lunch and the show." She said smiling.

"Not a problem." I replied, wondering about the choice of words. I watched them get into the beat-up old Volvo and went over to the passenger's side.

"Call me." I said to Rachael, waved and headed for my room.

I wasn't back in the room but five minutes when I heard someone knocking.

"I'm coming!" I called out and wondered who that could be. My roommate had gone for a party with his girlfriend so I wasn't expecting him back until late.

It was Rachael and before I could say anything, she pushed me in closing the door behind her.

"Hurry, I don't have a lot of time." She whispered and dragged me into the bedroom.

"Where's Andrea?"

"In the car. I told her I wanted to pick up some CDs."

"Rach, I'm sure she saw --"

"Sssshhh," she shushed and pulled me to her.

We kissed and I could tell from the urgency of the kiss exactly what was coming next. She fumbled with my best and jerked my trousers down, pushing me onto the bed. I lay back at first but then elbowed up to watch her. She dropped to her knees, in between my thighs, and without any preamble sucked me into her mouth. The warm wetness of her sent waves of pleasure shooting through me. I groaned and eased back, closing my eyes, a wretched slave to my sister as she sucked the very life out of me.

When she was done, she got up and kissed me then grabbing a few music CDs off my desk, she left. I don't think I had lasted two minutes.

"Now, that's a record!" she yelled and slammed the door.

I was never able to find out whether Andrea knew about us and Rachael never talked about it.

*****

Hercules in Chains

"For one moment our lives met, our souls touched."

Oscar Wilde

Cooley had them walk towards the shed in a single file. He kept Sarah close in front of him, the gun pointed at her head.

"Hey, I'm curious, where the fuck did Josh go?" he asked , then immediately blurted out, "Wait, don't tell me, let me guess -- he's gone to take care of the little man and your brother, Luke, right?"

Rachael was walking a few steps ahead of Sarah and didn't say anything. How did he know that Luke was her brother?

"He doesn't look like you but there's a family resemblance," the tall man offered. He chuckled and then continued, "I feel sorry for them. Josh is one wicked motherfucker!"

Rachael felt her heart pounding.

"Don't worry, missy, Luke will handle that scumbag, not to worry," the giant reassured Rachael.

But despite his assurances, Rachael felt the knot growing in the pit of her belly. This man terrified her, there was something about him, a sick, cunning self-assuredness that was frightening, and once again her mind began to cloud over with trepidation. She felt herself begin to tremble.

"You wouldn't say that if you knew Josh, Jocko, he's about the baddest dude I've ever run into and I've run into plenty! Your weekend tough guy is not going to cut it. One dead motherfucker. D-e-a-d!"

And he laughed.

The remainder of the walk to the shed was done in silence. When they got to the shed, they bunched up again and waited anxiously.

"Open the door," he instructed.

Kyla unbolted the latch and pulled the door open.

"Now stand back and you, yeah Godzilla, you get in there," he barked at the big man.

Daniel had to duck but he complied and waited just inside near the entrance.

"Okay, you two, yeah, you're next," Cooley said, pointing at Rachael and Kyla.

Once they were all inside he lit two portable lamps near the door and then instructed Rachael and Kyla to shackle the big Canadian to the single station with the new chains.

"Make sure he's secured real good or I'll put a bullet in his foot!" Cooley hissed.

The legcuffs barely fit around the big man's ankles and the women struggled to engage the locking mechanism. The giant had to reach down to help them.

"Is it too tight?" Rachael asked looking up at the giant, her voice revealing her concern.

"It's okay, missy."

"Shut the fuck up and lock it!" Cooley snarled throwing a set of keys at her. The legcuffs were the Cup-Lock variety with built-in locks.

When they got to his arms, held up crucifix style, the manacles wouldn't fit.

"They don't fit," Rachael said quietly but with satisfaction, "they're too small for him!"

Cooley came closer dragging Sarah by her hair and examined the braces. It wasn't even close, they were smaller by over an inch.

"Goddamn, boy! You're a fuckin' freak! Hey, but that's okay. There are some nylon ropes in the corner. Get them and tie his wrists to the anchors. Make sure it's tight. I'll be checking them!"

There was no way to make the leather neck restraint fit, it was also too small and no amount of tugging could get the end into the buckle. But the harness for the body had enough slack and fit snugly around the big man's waist.

"Now, her," Cooley said pointing to Kyla, "she's next."

Once Kyla was restrained it was Sarah's turn and then finally he pushed Rachael towards the center station.

"Okay, sweet thing, it's your turn!"

He shackled her with practiced efficacy and once he made sure she was completely secure, he went around making sure that the others were all securely tied down, testing the manacles and leather braces and adjusting them to his satisfaction. He re-tied the ropes that were around the giant's wrists using figure eight knots and making them tighter. Then finally satisfied, he stepped back and admired his work.

"There now, I'm sure you are all a lot more comfortable. Okay, it's party time!" He smiled walking over to Kyla and lifted her face with the blunt edge of his knife. It was a marine combat knife made by Gerber. The tempered three and a half inch blade was sharp enough to cut through steel cables.

"Leave her alone, you bastard!" Rachael hissed at him, "Leave her alone!"

"Okay then!" he smirked turning to Rachael, "I was going to let Josh have you but maybe I'll break you in! Get you wet and ready for him!"

The giant struggled against the ropes but they held. He grunted and tried again but Cooley only laughed and taunted, "No way, Jocko, not happening! You're going to have to watch me fucking her. You might as well enjoy the show! And if you're a nice boy I may let you fuck the little one!"

Using his knife, he nipped the first two buttons off of Rachael's Snap-On sweater and proceeded to unzip it. She was wearing a t-shirt with a climbing tank under it. He quickly sliced through both making a clean cut right down the middle. Then he carefully cut the straps of her flesh-colored sports bra and ripped it off of her and tossed it to the side.

"Now, that's much better!"

He then parted the clothing, holding it open with the tip of his knife.

"Nice tits! Let's have a better look, shall we ..." And he pushed the tops past her shoulder so they stayed open.

"Wow! You are a beauty! This is going to be more fun that I thought."

He stood admiring her for a moment then reached out and rolled her nipple between his thumb and forefinger and then pinched it. Rachael let out a soft cry of pain and struggled but she was helpless. And despite the embarrassment, her nipples began to harden.

"Yes! That's it, baby! I'll bet you're getting wet!"

"Please don't ..." Sarah cried, "Please, mister, use me ..."

"Don't do this. Please. Please don't hurt me ..." Rachael pleaded softly, her voice trembling.

"I'm not going to hurt you, baby, I'm going to fuck you! I know that's what you really want! Believe me, you will. They all do!" Then looking over at Sarah he jeered, "Patience, Little Miss Muffet, you'll get your turn. All of you will have plenty of turns!"

The giant tested the ropes again, twisting his arms exerting as much force as he could. The veins in his neck popped visibly from effort but the restraints were well designed. He had only one thought - he needed to save this woman. He knew, as sure as life itself, that it was the reason for their meeting -- karma.

Cooley glanced his way and then the animal carnality that had been building in him took over. He stopped the game-playing and acted quickly. He unbuckled her belt then fumbled with the top button of her corduroy jeans and unable to undo it he jerked the waistband in frustration, snapping the button loose. He unzipped the fly and pushed the pants down to her knees. That was as far as it would go. His breathing was heavy and his eyes were hooded and bright with lust. He pulled the shirts farther apart and bunched them around her shoulders so that they were trapped behind her leaving her body fully exposed. He ran his fingers deliberately over her pink panties, along her slit and felt the instinctive jerk.

"Oh, yes, baby ..." he hissed leaning into her and kissing her neck.

He continued caressing her cunt whispering lewdly into her ear before finally stepping back.

"Hold on, honey, I'll give you what you need ..."

He shed his Gortex Shell jacket and the shoulder holster and placed the gun on the ledge in the corner before releasing his cock. It was thick and exceptionally long; the head, a huge acorn knob, glistening like the pointed tip of a spear. He came up and tried to kiss her but she closed her mouth, clamping her jaws tight, and moved her face away. But that only served to excite him further. He grabbed her face and twisted it towards him and mashed his lips against her but she kept her mouth shut and jerked her face away again.

"That's okay, you snotty bitch, you'll be begging me to kiss you! You just wait and see!"

She felt his fingers again, thick and rough, pressing into her slit, running up and down, trying to find her clit.

"Umpfffff ..." she gasped as his finger probed her core. Then she felt him press himself against her, his cock throbbing salaciously against her belly while he bit her neck gently, sucking hard, and leaving a trail of hickeys.

He hooked his fingers inside the bridge of her panties and pulled it callously to the side then reaching down he rubbed his cockhead along her slit. Up and down, up and down ...

"Feel that, bitch, feel my cock ..." he muttered incoherently, "... feels good, unh? Yeah, baby ..."

His breath was hot and smelled of garlic and mint; a sickening odor that repulsed her. She felt her body shaking with disgust and fear, unable to reconcile her thoughts with the inevitable and shut her eyes as tightly as she could, wishing it to all to go away.

She felt helpless and lonely like a little girl in a bad dream, a nightmare she couldn't wake up from. In some distant other-world, she could hear Sarah and Kyla, screaming and crying and in yet another physical one, his mouth was on her breast, slobbering and sucking on her nipples. There was the odd incongruence of disgust and pleasure that confused her until he bit down. The pain and panic shot through her body in a white, electric charge of helpless recognition as he continued rubbing his cockhead along the length of her slit, furrowing the tip inside the irriguous cleft of her cunt. And then, almost unbelievably, she could feel the slippery pre-coital juices wetting her, his cock head spreading her pussy lips while he searched for her opening.

"I knew it! You're wet, baby! I knew you'd want it! Oh fuck ..."

He grunted and thrust his hips forward attempting to skewer her but she shifted slightly and his cock slid up her gash, innocuously pressing against her belly.

"Ohhh ..." she gasped as his cock rubbed slickly over her clit.

She struggled frantically against the body harness but she was anchored, her thighs spread, arms immobilized. And just when she started to sob she heard the snap. It was like the breaking of a large twig.

Cooley's reaction was immediate. He recoiled, stepping back and turning around, his cock, red and bloated, wagging lewdly in front of him. And what he saw shocked him: the giant had ripped one of the anchors right out of the wall and was eyeing him with fury, a look that sent bolts of fear through his lust-addled brain.

'Impossible!' his mind screamed, 'fuckin' impossible!'! He was paralyzed; his mind unable to process the sight or comprehend the immense strength that it had taken. And as he watched the big man untie himself his cognitive reasoning returned and he rushed into action. His cock had lost its ardor and was unarmed, flaccid, hanging like an impotent appendage, a harmless piece of rubbery flesh. He made a mad dash for his gun but in the urgency of the moment and filled with anxious fear, he knocked it to the floor.

"Fuck!" He screamed and bent over groping blindly for the weapon in the darkness of the corner.

By the time he had the pistol the giant had busted the chains and wrenched free of the ankle braces -- Hercules unchained! And as Cooley stood up, raising the weapon, the big man charged in. The first shot broke the giant's rush but only for an instant, a slight hesitation in midstride. Then there were two more shots in quick succession before the humongous hands were on him. Cooley was jerked like a ragdoll and smashed against the wall, again and again. He heard the clatter of the pistol hitting the floor but couldn't recall releasing the weapon. He was dazed. How did he lose the gun? He tried moving his arms but had lost all feeling. And the last thing that crossed his twisted mind, before he slid to the floor, was that this was not how it was meant to end.

The giant looked at the prone body and snarled then stomped down on the unconscious man's face. The tremendous force of the big man's foot crushed Cooley's skull like a melon. His left eye popped out of it socket and a grimy soufflé of blood and brain squirted out, oozing thickly from the vacuous cavern.

The women instinctively closed their eyes, trembling as the sound of crushing bones, grated with sickening persistence, rattling their sensibilities. And when it was over, they knew that Luther Cooley would never hurt another woman.

The big man came over to Rachael and adjusted her clothing. He did it with gentlemanly discretion, looking into her eyes while he zipped up her pullover. He pulled up her trousers and buckled her belt then stepped back.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

She nodded and then noticed the blood that had soaked through his clothing, "You're bleeding."

"Just a nick, missy, I'm fine." He replied, "Where are the keys?"

"On the ledge, there, in the corner."

Rachael hugged the giant as soon as he had unshackled her, holding him tightly to her. It was his incredible strength and determination that had saved her. She was certain now that he was her Guardian Angel sent to protect her. She could feel his heart thudding against her and the ripples of his muscles, the very strength of his being that offered her a sense of security that she desperately needed. They stood, holding each other, until Rachael felt the sticky wetness of his blood seeping through her trousers.

"I'd better look at that," she murmured stepping back, holding him at arm's length.

"I'm okay. Take care of them," he replied nodding towards Kyla and Sarah, "I just need some air."

And with that he walked out, his steps, studied and deliberate.

Rachael hurried over to Kyla and Sarah. She knew deep in her heart that the giant was hurt a lot more seriously than he let on. But, in the dim lighting of the shed she hadn't noticed the trail of blood he had left behind. She couldn't understand the apprehension at the thought of losing him, it bothered her deeply and she couldn't understand why. She wasn't really that close to him despite his affirmations to the contrary. Her feelings for him were bundled in a confused mass of attraction, affection, friendship and something else; something intangible. He was an anachronistic hero that seemed to have stepped out from another lifetime and into her life, her knight in white armor.

She freed Kyla and hurried out of the shed. Now, in the open, in the flickering twilight, she could see the bloody trail leading to the giant.

He was kneeling on the grass, his haunches resting on the back of his ankles. His eyes were shut and his huge head was bent over in prayer, or so it seemed. His hands were on his thighs and when she looked carefully she could see the blood pumping out from between the fingers of his left hand.

The first shot had done the most damage. Cooley hadn't aimed; he had fired in reflex, in fear and haste -- it was a lucky shot or more appropriately, an unlucky shot. The Teflon-coated, hollow point had ripped through his thigh severing the femoral artery. The second shot had gone clean through his side above his hipbone. It was the least damaging. The third shot had ricocheted off a rib and punctured his lung.

He was hemorrhaging internally and bleeding profusely from the severed artery. He was dying.

She rushed over to him, kneeling down next to him, prying his hands away from the wound.

"Let me see ..."

The trouser leg was soaked and the grass around him was covered in a pool of blood. And with every heartbeat, his life was literally pulsing out from him.

"I need to rest a bit and then, I'll be good as new."

He slid slowly to his side and then lay back on the grassy knoll, his face to the sky.

"Beautiful ..." he whispered.

She went over and with Kyla's help placed his head on her lap. She was overcome by a feeling of helplessness, not sure what she should be doing, if there was anything she could have done. But instead she focused on him. 

"Don't leave me," she whispered.

She had no idea why she said that or why she felt this constriction in the middle of her chest but at that moment he meant everything to her.

His eyes flickered open, "Ah, my little angel, I shall never leave you. Never. I'm going away for a while -- that's all."

He reached up and cupped her face with one huge palm. He did it so gently that it surprised her. She held on to his hand in both of hers, kissing the back of his palm and then pressed it to her heart.

"You can't ... you promised to keep me safe," she was crying.

He smiled and closed his eyes.

"Tell Luke ..." his breathing was shallow and ragged now, "... he's a brother I never had. And you, you my darling, you don't ever worry. I'm with you always. We'll dance, I promise, in another life ..." his voice was fading, "I promise, missy ..."

"Shhh, baby, shhhhh ..."

She leaned over and kissed his forehead first and then gently on his lips; a sweet, tender, lingering kiss. He looked up at her, his brilliant sea-green eyes shining again for one fleeting moment, an evanescent iridescence, before dying out. Then, without a struggle, he was gone.

*****

Losing a Brother

And that's how I found them; Rachael sobbing with Daniel's head on her lap and Kyla and Sarah by their side. And, I knew, the instant I saw her, that my friend was dead. It was the most heart wrenching moment of my life. It left a void in me that I couldn't comprehend until my son was born a few years later.

Rachael rarely spoke about those final moments but she did tell me once that the sky had turned a darker shade of pale and the trees had screamed in agony, their leaves hissing within the turbulence of an impromptu breeze. She heard wolves howling and dogs baying and even caught a glimpse of a huge bear in the distance. It seemed to her that the Mountain and the Northern Wind were paying tribute to their gnostic son, the reincarnation of Paul Bunyan. And I knew it to be true.

What it taught me, no, what it taught us was there are no guarantees in life. You had better live now and love those you do with a passion and that hate, with all its baggage, was a waste of time and energy, engendering only more hate. Josh Woodard and Luther Cooley have never again entered my thoughts.

So, as soon as we got back, Rachael and I moved to Colorado and moved in together. We told Mom but felt it best to keep up appearances for Dad's sake. Rachael told him she was going to finish school at Fort Lewis College in Durango, which she did but that wasn't the reason we moved. And as far as he knew, I was still in Chicago. It didn't serve any purpose to upset him with our endogamous arrangement.

Two years after Bella Coola, Dad passed away and Mom came to live with us. It was perfect. She was a not only a wonderful babysitter for her grandkids but a big help in our embryonic business. We opened a small convenience store catering to the needs of outdoorsmen and women. It also offers guided treks through the San Juan Mountains, with Rock Climbing and Rafting and fishing junkets along the Animas River. Rachael and I are blessed that we can make a decent living doing what we both truly love. It was Dad's gift to us -- the love of nature and adventure.

We have two kids. Our oldest is a girl, Danielle Margaret Meacham, a beautiful child with bright blue eyes and golden hair like her mother's. A year later, we had a boy and named him Benn Thomas Meacham. Now this is where it gets strange -- my eyes are light brown and Rachael's are blue but this boy has fists the size of Texas with curly brown hair and the brightest Aquamarine eyes you'd ever see.

No one in our family that we know of has eyes or hair like his, no one, that is, except Daniel Benn.

The End 