Family Issues Ch. 05
byallthatisfuta©

Sorry that it takes so long but finding time to write is not always easy.

I would like to thank Madison (ThanatopicFolds) for all the time invested. Your red pen is the string that holds the story together and prevents it from falling on its ass.

I also want to thank all the nice people who wrote me and encouraged me to keep going.

On with the story.

$$$$$$$$$$$$

Helen bounced up and down to the rhythm of Eminem's 'Lose Yourself' as it pumped through her headphones. Patches of sweat soaked her T-Shirt, her long legs kicking as she bypassed every runner in sight. She was the fastest kid in elementary and the fastest kid in high school. It came naturally and running always made her forget

Her date with Dennis was still a stinging memory, but whenever she remembered last night, it was Kevin that was in her thoughts. His hands hugging her body, offering comfort and understanding. There was something new in the air. Expectation. She felt like she was on the brink of a great discovery. It was frightening, but she knew that the first step was made and there was no turning back.

The afternoon sun tinted the skyline with pink, and the seagulls from the bay filled the air with shouts of glee. She felt someone running beside her, and it was surprising because most joggers wouldn't opt to train at her pace.

"Yo, snail lady, move aside! You're killing my rhythm."

She turned and had to slow down and laugh. It was Kevin.

"I saw you jog already in the morning," she kept jogging side by side with him.

"Must've been someone else; I'm too fast to spot."

"Looked kinda slow."

"Wanna race?" He huffed.

"Only if you promise not to cry when your ass gets owned," she said.

"From here, back to the house. First one who gets there showers first. On your mark, get set." He shifted gear and left her in the dust.

Helen laughed and took off after him. Her long legs ate the distance, but he was surprisingly hard to match, even though he had to make almost two steps for each one of hers. Her heart was pumping, and a sense of wild joy overtook her. They sprinted past the trail under the wooden bridge, and Helen changed her course, cutting through the playground wall. Kevin followed, but he had trouble climbing the tall fence and she laughed as she left him far behind. She ran through the line of Scarlet Oaks and checked behind her, just to be sure. To her surprise, not only had he not given up, but he was gaining on her.

They burst into the street, zigzagging past surprised pedestrians. Kevin had the size advantage here, as he was more agile. She gave everything on the last street, going into the road, to cut a straight line. She was confident that she had it in her pocket, but Kevin surprised her again. Proving that he too had some reserves, he accelerated to a mad dash and passed her in the last ten meters, almost hitting the building's wall.

"Yeah!" he roared. "What a twist, ladies and gents! He changed the game he flipped the script!" Kevin dabbed twice and did a backflip.

"Goddamn," she bent over, gulping air. "How the hell- did you do that?"

"I was the best runner in my high school cross country team."

"You were in a cross-country team?"

"I know that you look at this body," Kevin stretched his small, willowy form and posed like Mr. Universe, "and immediately you're thinking, 'sumo wrestling team' or 'basketball team'. Something that goes better with my physique. But running was my call."

She laughed.

"Whose ass got owned?"

Helen lifted her hand.

"You can shower first," Kevin said. "Your humiliation is a big enough reward. But be super quick about it, or we'll be late for the movie."

"What movie?"

"The one we're going to catch."

"What?"

"Wonder Woman. You like science fiction stuff, no?"

"I do, but I can watch it in a few weeks when the DVD is out."

"I don't see the point. You'll know the plot in advance because you'll be watching it with me tonight. Or maybe you think the DVD version would have a different plot?"

"Kevin," she smiled, "I'm not going."

"Tonight, is Diana's night shift at the store, and we're going to catch a movie like we do every Sunday night. It's a tradition. You can't break tradition, Helen."

"We have never watched a movie together."

"Every tradition's gotta start someplace, no? Look, I already bought tickets because you asked me to, so not coming is a dick move."

"I never asked you to buy anything."

"I have it on record, so you can either come or expect a heavy lawsuit."

"You have nothing on record."

Kevin sighed, pulled out his mobile and pressed a recording application. "Kevin, please buy two tickets for Wonder Woman Sunday night." He imitated Helen's throaty voice. " I wanna munch on a massive popcorn bucket, while watching Wonder Woman kick ass on a big screen. Watching movies on TV sucks ass."

"That doesn't even begin to sound like me."

"Tell that to the jury."

-----

"It was good," Kevin said. "I didn't expect to like it, but I did."

"Why not?" Helen said.

"On the only day of the week on which I have a girlfriend-free pass, I go to see a movie about a girl named Diana who thinks she's a princess."

"Come on, Kevin."

"It's just that superheroes and supervillains aren't really my jam. But it was good. When Steve said he loved her and sacrificed himself... Man." He gave a deep sigh.

"Wuss."

"Fuck off!" Kevin opened his eyes wide. "You wiped your tears on your sleeve when he died. I saw you."

"Totally not. I was just cleaning some popcorn that landed on my blouse."

"With your eye?"

"Yep."

"Is that what they teach you in the Marine Corps? To lie shamelessly? Born Again Hard my ass, more like Born Again Marshmallow."

"I cry in films, Kevin, if that's okay with you?"

"I thought it was sweet."

"Hmmm... Don't patronize."

"That's not patronizing. Patronizing means to look down on someone, just so you know."

Helen kicked his ass, and Kevin laughed.

The movie was excellent, but she liked all the rest even better. Sitting in the dark theatre munching on a bucket of popcorn, joking with Kevin about nothing in particular. At one point Kevin imitated the main actress' accent, and she was glad the theatre was almost empty because she choked on her Coca-Cola.

"Thanks," Helen said.

"For what?"

"For being relentless and not letting me just do what I always do."

"We can really make a tradition out of it. Maybe a Sunday night movie when Diana is working?"

She looked at him, and Kevin gave her a warm smile.

"I would really like that," she said.

They came in a cab but decided the weather was beautiful enough to walk back home. The center was a hub for theatres, shows, restaurants, and clubs. The streets here were big and open, with food stalls selling fast-food in every corner, and they were brimming with locals and tourists. Somewhere to the south and closer to the bay, they could hear soft guitar music, and the happy sounds people make when they have fun. Kevin motioned her to follow.

"It's a street party. They have one here every Saturday, in August."

The street party was in a fountain square near the theatre district. The DJ station was constructed on an elevated stage, where a guy covered in tattoos was sending smiles, good vibes, and pop music to anyone who cared to join. Above the crowd, from street lamp to street lamp, lay a mesh of strings from which white paper chandeliers, flags and colored balloons dangled to commemorate the summer twilight.

People of every age, size, shape, race, and gender, both locals and tourists were having fun and making a lot of noise while they were at it. It was festive, it was loud, and possessed the kind of cheerfulness that crawls under the fingernails, climbs all the way to the face, forces the corners of the mouth to go up, and the legs to follow the rhythm. Life was happening everywhere, and Helen wondered why the hell she chose to sit on the fence instead of taking part.

People moved in pairs or groups, laughing and dancing to the DJ's music.

"I'm crazy about this song," Kevin tried to pull Helen, and when she wouldn't move, he danced around her.

"Do you know what the song is about?"

"Some girl named Despacito?"

"The guy basically tells the girl to make love slowly," Helen said.

"Sounds like a plan," Kevin smiled. He remembered last night and Nadine's soft body moving slowly against his. He really wanted to give her a call but knew he could do without the complication.

Professional dancers wearing white t-shirts and criminally short jeans were leading the crowd through the steps. Helen gave a timid attempt at moving her hips sensually and won a warm smile from Kevin.

"That's the spirit."

"Quiero desnudarte a besos despacito"

"I want to undress you in kisses slowly"

Helen had a flitting image in her mind, of her and a lithe body with enormous purple eyes kissing passionately on a big bed. She blushed and turned her head. The night out with Kevin felt too precious to ruin with childish sexual daydreams.

Someone touched her hand. A tall, dark dancer in a striped shirt tried to drag her into the middle of the crowd. He pulled her hand, and she pulled back with force. The dancer lost his balance and fell on his ass. He was kind enough not to be angry at her, but rose and gave a mock bow, before returning to the dance. Helen saw a couple of faces turning in her direction, curious. She had a sudden sensory overload, as the sounds and the crowd overwhelmed her. Someone grabbed her hand again, and she turned, snarling, then let out a long breath when she saw it was only Kevin.

"Are you okay?" Kevin said.

"No."

"You wanna bounce off?"

"You wanna stay?"

"Nah, you're too stressed," he said.

"Thanks. Too much... The... A little too much."

Kevin nodded. "Just a sec." He ran to a street corner where a man wearing clothes that hadn't seen the inside of a washing machine this century sat drinking from a bottle. The homeless man had cardboard that read 'Family kidnapped by evil ninjas, needs $ to learn karate.' Kevin shook the man's hand and gave him a thumbs-up. "That sign is the best yet, Jacob," he said. Kevin then pulled out his wallet, but the Jacob stopped him.

"You know I don't take money from friends, Kevin."

"Just this time. You'll be doing me a huge favor," Kevin placed a stash of bills in the hat and ran off back to Helen before the astounded Jacob could say anything.

"Let's go," he beamed at her.

"Did you just put a shitload of money in that hobo's hat?"

"His name is Jacob, not 'Hobo'."

"How do you know his name?"

"I know him. He always sits here, and he always makes funny signs. He's a nice dude. Used to be a stevedore in the Northern Docs. He's a cool guy."

Helen looked back at Jacob. He had gray in his hair, and his face was a map of creases that people who spent all their years under the sky have. Growing up in West Englewood she knew more than a few dockworkers. A hard bunch with a strong union once, which like the projects and the rest of the east side succumbed to progress. "Ships don't roll up in the North Docks anymore," she said. "They laid everyone off ten years ago. I still remember the strikes. It was very sad."

"Something like that happened with the quarry near my hometown. Half the town became unemployed when it was closed."

"How much did you give him?"

"Four hundred and forty dollars."

"Are you insane?" She stared at him, eyes wide. "I thought you were broke?"

"I am. I won it last night gambling, and I think it's bad money."

"Because it's gambling money?"

"Because I think it came from exploiting prostitution, and extortion, and probably other stuff that I don't even want to think about."

"Where the hell were you and Diana last night?"

"I'm not so sure."

Helen sighed. "You should have kept the money, Kevin. Money is just money; it doesn't stink."

"Let's say you find Pablo Escobar's hidden stash. Would you feel okay to take it knowing that people paid with their lives, families were ruined, and bad people got richer because of it?"

"Yes." She shrugged. "No. I don't know."

"It's bad karma, Helen."

"Do you believe in Karma?"

"No, but my mom always said that for everything that you do there is a reward, and there is a punishment."

"Was your mom super religious?"

Kevin's leaned back and looked up. "Depends on what you're comparing to. We used to go to church every Sunday, and we thanked God a whole lot. But everyone in my hometown is like that. Anyway, it's not what you think. My mom used to say that bad deeds and good deeds are rewarded in this life, not just in the afterlife."

"No, they're not."

"If you do shitty stuff, it makes you a shitty person, and you have to live with yourself knowing that you're a shitty person. It's an instant punishment."

Helen snorted, "I bet that punishment kept Pablo Escobar awake at nights."

"I know it sounds stupid to you, but-"

"It sounds stupid because it is stupid."

Kevin tensed, and she tried to read his face, but he wasn't half as transparent as she was, and understanding people wasn't Helen's forte. "That sort of bullshit is exactly what a priest on a Sunday sermon would try to sell," she said.

"You got something against priests now, or does my religiously fanatic mother rub you the wrong way?"

"We had a Catholic church in West Englewood not far from where I used to live. Father Nicolas taught his flock that futanari are an abomination, an insult to the All Mighty. I had to suffer ricochets from his sermons through my entire childhood, so excuse me if religious bullshit rubs me the wrong way."

"I don't believe you're an abomination, Helen, but I do believe that bad deeds and good deeds are rewarded in this life, and that the only virtue that can be completely good is a good will. My mom didn't quote a priest, she quoted Kant," he said in a quiet voice. "I believe both my mom and Immanuel were right."

"Belief has nothing to do with it; it's just false."

"Maybe. But it's something that my mom used to say all the time, and I try to live by it, okay?"

"Why?"

"Because my mother said you should." He started walking down the street leading to the park, and Helen hurried after him.

"You always do what your mom tells you, Kevin?"

"Always."

"No doubts? Parents are sometimes stupid. My mother, bless her heart, always had the best intentions, but she was so wrong about so many things. "

"Always, Helen."

"Okay, I'm not judging."

He stopped walking. "Sounds like you are."

"I'm sorry."

"Are you?"

"I didn't mean to belittle your mom's beliefs."

"Yes, you did. My mom..." His voice trembled a little. "My mom has a part in everything that I am, Helen. She taught me how to cook, she taught me to love the ocean, she took me to my first scuba diving, she taught me fishing, playing guitar...everything."

"Cooking? So, all the amazing food in my refrigerator? I should thank her?"

"We owned a restaurant, a family business that she ran, and I worked there for as long as I can remember. She didn't just teach me to cook. She taught me how to make dinner when twenty angry patrons are waiting for twenty different orders, you're missing ingredients, and the stove broke yesterday."

"Maybe we can go and visit her restaurant next Saturday?"

"No." Kevin started walking again, and Helen found herself again running after him.

"Why not? Is it far?"

"There is no restaurant. It's closed."

"What happened?"

Kevin shrugged. "Let's talk about something else, okay?"

"W...Why?" She tried to reread his face, but he was unreadable. "Kevin?"

"What?" He raised his voice.

She touched his arm. He flinched and shook her off.

"My mom died three years ago," he suddenly said. "She and my little brother were both killed in a car accident."

"I'm so sorry." She stared at him with horror.

"She was a simple woman, not a big vice president like you, Helen, but she was the smartest and the kindest person I've ever known, and not you or anyone else gets to say shit about her or what she believed in."

"I'm so sorry, Kevin."

"About my dead mom, or about calling her version of what makes a decent human being stupid?"

"About both."

Kevin stopped walking and stared at her. Helen wasn't just sorry; she was terrified. She was scared that with insensitivity she managed to ruin the fragile thing they began to share this evening. In a sense, she wasn't very different to Iman, Nadine's sister, with her inability to decipher a simple human interaction. Another thing his mother taught him was to never be cruel or impatient in the face of weakness. "I'm sorry," he said, and hugged her, to show her it was alright between them. Helen let out a long breath. "I lashed, and I shouldn't have," he said. "I'm touchy when it comes to her."

"You're not mad at me?" She even asked like a little girl, and it made him smile.

"It's just hard, and I'm...they say that time heals everything, and that life goes on and all of that crap. But that's just bullshit. It's been three years, and I still wake up every morning hoping it was just a bad dream, and that I'll open my eyes, and I'll see them both."

"It's hard."

"She was my best friend. She was..." His voice broke. "Everything I do, and she's there. Like she's watching me."

"Sounds a lot like my mom."

"It's hard."

"Yeah."

They walked in silence for a long while, leaving the noisy center and the party behind them. The sky was clear and the air warm, but they were both shrouded in blankets of past sorrows. It was a heavy burden, and always has been, but sharing made the load a little lighter. At some point, he realized Helen was stressed by that silence, frightened that he was still mad at her, and he gave her palm a reassuring squeeze.

"We used to talk, my mom and me," Kevin said. "Every day. Just talk about everything. I really miss her."

"What...? How did it happen?"

"Just one of those things. Nobody's fault..." he paused and touched the back of his neck. "Nobody's fault. There was ice on the road, and she lost control of the car. My little brother died immediately. She died in the hospital. Everything just went to shit after that."

Helen felt like hugging him, but she wasn't sure if he would like the gesture. She touched his face tenderly instead. "I'm so sorry, Kevin."

"Hey, I made you go out with me because you never have any fun. I didn't mean to be so depressing."

"Talking about real stuff that's... I only ever talk about work. Thanks for sharing."

"I have an idea that'll cheer you up. Ice cream."

"Ice cream?"

"I'm on a tight budget, but I still have enough left of my monthly fun budget to squeeze in two ice-creams."

"I can take us to a nice restaurant if you like. My budget isn't tight."

"Another thing my mom used to say, is that the guy should always pay."

"It's not a date."

"Still."

"Diana buys you clothes all the time," Helen said.

Kevin flinched. "First, ouch. Second, that was under the belt. Third, I never asked her to, and I always ask her to stop. Last, when she buys me stuff, it doesn't really bother me that much, because frankly, I don't like your little sister that much."

Helen blushed. The direct implication was that he liked her which felt nice, which led to her feeling like a Judas. "No comment, Kevin."

"About me not liking Diana?"

"Yep."

"But it didn't come as a complete shock, didn't it?"

"No comment."

"Look, Helen, me and Diana, it's a complicated issue. She's your sister. She's my... Hell, I don't even know. Let's just, you know, declare that topic taboo."

"Pretend it's not there?"

"Something like that. Regarding me paying, there's very little in my life right now that I feel proud about."

"And we're back to Diana?"

"Please let me keep a little dignity. I'm buying."


"Okay, but no ice-cream. Just looking at ice-cream makes my butt bigger- Hey, don't be a creep," she said as Kevin checked her butt, but she was sure glad that he did.

-----

Helen licked her ice cream, closed her eye and tilted her head back. "Worth every calorie," she said.

"Plus, it's good for you," Kevin said. "I've read an article that researchers in NYU proved that an ice-cream a day makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise."

"That and smoking cigars."

"You read it too?" He tried to steal a lick off her cone, but she raised it out of reach.

"Mine, all mine."

Kevin's mobile hummed. "Hey, it's my former landlord."

"Mrs. Lewinski? Hi. Long time. How are you doing?

"Thanks. I miss you too.

"That old thing? I told you a thousand times-"

"Yeah, I'll come over. You just need the pipes cleaned. I'll drop by first thing tomorrow morning, before my first lecture."

"Tonight? I can't. I'm hanging out with a friend. Helen Brion. Yeah, that Helen Brion."

"I'll tell her."

"Oh, come on, Mrs. Lewinski. I'm sure that-"

"I'll... Okay, I'm actually not far from your place. Yeah. See you soon." He ended the call. "You got a 'Best Wishes' from Mrs. Lewinski, and we need to make a little detour," he said.

"To Mrs. Lewinski's house? I can take a cab from here back home."

"She'll be happy to see you."

"Are you sure?" Helen blushed.

"Why are you so weird about it?"

"Well, you said..."

"What?" Kevin said.

"That she needs her pipes cleaned."

Kevin smacked his palm against his forehead. "Jesus, you're still thinking that my seventy-year-old former landlord and I are dancing the horizontal mambo. You actually believe that she was my sugar momma, don't you? Her washing machine is broken, Helen."

"Oh."

"And stop thinking all those nasty thoughts about me. That's hardly fair, and you shouldn't treat someone who cares about you like that, okay?"

"Sorry. Really."

"Hmph..."

"Why do you need to fix her washing machine?"

Kevin shrugged. "I don't need to; I want to. She's a friend."

Mrs. Lewinski's home was an old house in an avenue of ancient houses facing the park. It had the charm of the country, but apparently, the insides had all the benefits of a modern penthouse. A gray stone wall confined a rose garden, and a rusty looking greenhouse, from which the sounds of singing came out.

"Who's singing?" Helen said.

"There's a band who call themselves 'the Anarchist Dream', and Mrs. Lewinski let them use her greenhouse for rehearsals."

"Never heard of them."

"They're very big in... I wanted to say, in the computer science faculty, but that would be a lie. They do protest songs mainly. Billy Bragg, Bob Dylan, that sort of thing. But I've never heard this girl. She must be new. She rocks."

Helen had to agree. The invisible singer had a clear contralto, and she gave a perfect acapella performance of Hozier's 'Take me to church.

Kevin banged on the house's door. "She's half deaf, and the other half can't hear shit," he said.

"I think she sometimes pretends she can't hear when she doesn't want people to argue with her," Helen said.

Mrs. Lewinski, Kevin's former landlord, gave Kevin a warm hug when she saw him and a light peck on the cheek for Helen. A tiny Futanari, she was shorter than Kevin, was in her seventies, grey-haired and dark-eyed. Mrs. Lewinski had a gentle expression and misleading frailness behind a mesh of wrinkles. Deceptive, because when Helen negotiated the contract to buy her apartments, she met a sharp mind with the stubbornness of a wild boar.

Kevin entered the house to see what could be done with the misbehaving washing machine, while Mrs. Lewinski served coffee and cakes on the porch for Helen and herself.

"He is just the sweetest soul," Mrs. Lewinski said.

"Who? Kevin?" Helen took a sip of the coffee. It was too strong to her taste. "Yeah, he's something else."

"You two...?" The old futanari smiled.

"Oh, no," Helen blushed. "We're just friends, hanging out together."

"He's a real gem. I should have charged you double for the apartment just because it came along with him."

"Yeah, he's great. A little late on the rent, but still, he's amazing."

"His stupid dad's fault, not the kid's fault."

"His father's fault?"

"The old man got into some debt, and he thinks his son should pay it every month." Mrs. Lewinski grunted as she dragged two chairs for her and Helen to sit on. She nodded her thanks when Helen took them from her hands. "Don't tell Kevin, but I called his father once, and asked how come he thinks it's fine to drop such a heavy burden on the shoulders of his twenty-year-old kid."

"What did his father say to you?"

"Not to butt my nose in where it doesn't belong."

"Kevin never said anything," Helen said.

"He's probably not too proud of it. Don't be hard on him, Helen, concerning the rent. I know it's not my business to ask you to be generous with your money, but he's a really good kid. The minute he can, he'll pay you back whatever he owes."

"Yeah." Helen blushed. Forcing Kevin to be with her sister was as hard on him as it gets.

"The drive belt fell off the splutch pulley," Kevin came out of the house, wiping his hands on a towel, "It's all worn out. I've put it back on, and it should be fine for some time. I'll drop by in a couple of days and replace it."

"How much does a belt cost?" Mrs. Lewinski said.

"Ten, twenty dollars tops. What I don't get is why you keep that rusty dinosaur?"

"So, if something is old and rusty," Mrs. Lewinski pointed at herself, "then you just dump it and buy a new shinier model?"

"Definitely!" Kevin said, and Mrs. Lewinski laughed.

"I told you he's a gem, Helen. You two should consider being more than just good friends."

"Rachel?" Kevin said.

"What? Helen is a real catch, kid. She won't let it show, but she has a good heart, not to mention a dynamite body."

"Rachel, please behave," Kevin said.

"Bubeleh, I had a lifetime of behaving. I've reached a point in life when I can say whatever the fuck I want. Hey Mike," she hollered at a heavyset young man coming out of the greenhouse. "What the fuck did I tell you about trampling my garden like a hog?"

"Sorry, Mrs. L., won't happen again!" The guy jumped clumsily back to the paved trail. Mike had the pale complexion of someone who spent too much time indoors, he had black, not so clean looking dreadlocks reaching almost to his ass, and he carried an acoustic guitar. "Kevin, bro, what's good?"

"Nothing much. Who's your new singer?"

"Her? She's the bomb!" Mike said.

The rest of the band came out of the greenhouse. A tall guy with a keyboard, a drummer, a girl with a trumpet, and a bassist. They all appeared to be around Kevin's age.

"Helen, Anarchist Dream, Anarchist Dream, Helen." Kevin smiled. "Helen, this is Brandon on the bass, Noah on the keyboard, Jack, the drummer, and Grace plays a mean horn. The one with the dreads, Mike, is the self-appointed bandleader, and the most reliable source of weed in the entire university."

"Is this the girlfriend we've been hearing about?" Grace, a brunette with a crooked smile and puffy cheeks, said.

"No way," Mike said. "Not in a bazillion years."

"What if she is?" Kevin said.

"Swank, dude! She's way prettier than you. You could do a lot worse."

"Fuck off."

"Fuck off next Wednesday, Kev, and I mean that with love."

"I'm not his girlfriend. I'm single." Helen got a kick off Mike calling her pretty, enough to like him for the moment. "Did you hear that, Kevin? He thinks I'm pretty."

"Who doesn't?" Mike said. "I totally dig the sexy pirate vibe, by the way."

"It's not a fashion statement, you dipwad," Kevin said. "She served with the marines, and she was injured in Iraq. Got a Bronze Star to show for it."

"Wicked," Mike went for a fist bump, and Helen complied because he called her pretty. "That's exactly what this band is all about. We aim to expose the lies of the bosses who send the working man to die in their wars."

"Slow down, Trotsky, she's way out of your league," Mrs. Lewinski smirked. "Little working man my ass."

"Yeah, Mike, for someone who never worked a day in his life, what do you know-?" Kevin stopped in mid-sentence because at that moment the band's new singer came out of the greenhouse and he had a panic attack. She was a tall girl with her blonde hair in a pixie cut, her extra-long legs barely covered by a mini skirt.

"Hey, Kev." Ginger smiled, but her smile was visibly strained.

"Hi," Kevin choked.

"Why is Kevin getting a facial erection?" Mike looked at Kevin and then at Ginger, back and forth. "What is happening? Someone please tell me. How come I'm always the last to know any gossip?"

"I...I need to talk to Ginger in private," Kevin stuttered.

"Ooooh," Mike and Mrs. Lewinski said together, and everyone laughed except for the two who were the butt of the joke.

Ginger nodded and motioned him to follow her into the greenhouse.

"Hey," he said when they were out of earshot. "I didn't know you were part of Mike's band, or that you have such an amazing voice."

She scanned his face before answering. Her eyes weren't exactly cold, but there was a wall between them that wasn't there before. "Are you sure you wanna talk to me, Kevin?"

"What do you mean?"

"Because the last message from you said that someone will slice my dick off and use it as a rope to hang me if I ever go near you again."

He gave a bitter laugh. "Diana saw your happy birthday message and freaked out."

"I figured it wasn't you."

"I'm sorry. I wanted to call and apologize, but Diana wiped out every trace of you from the mobile. I didn't even know what faculty you're in to search you up today. Are you mad?"

"Shaken. I'm not used to getting death threats."

"Diana is all bark." He looked around for a place to sit, noting sadly that the little fish-pool Mrs. Lewinski paid him to assemble in the greenhouse was dry. Mrs. Lewinski probably forgot to take care of it. "Diana's not a gangster like she would make you believe. But I understand if you'd like me to keep my distance."

"I think you're in a bad relationship, Kevin."

"Tell me about it."

"Maybe you should consider keeping your distance from her?"

"Like I said, it's complicated."

"Sometimes we think things are when they're not," she leaned and kissed him tenderly. Her lips were warm and soft on his, and the kiss ended far quicker than he wished. "I'll add my number to one of your co-worker's profiles, and I won't send any more messages. But the offer still stands."

They went back to the porch. Mrs. Lewinski made the band carry chairs and a small table for everyone to sit around. She also brought out cold lemonade and homemade cookies. Kevin noted that Helen felt comfortable enough not to take the backseat. She joked with Mike and answered Grace's inquiries about her service in Iraq. It felt great to see her crawling out of her shell. Somewhere, wherever she was, he knew his mother was looking down at him and smiling.

"Roll me a J, Mike." Mrs. Lewinski suddenly said.

"A what?"

"Grass, what's it called nowadays? Tea, a roach, a J? Hotboxing?"

"I don't follow." Mike totally did, but Mrs. Lewinski was seventy-something, and Mike wasn't used to fuddy-duddy grannies asking him to roll them one, even if she was a loudmouth granny like Mrs. Lewinski. "What's hotboxing?"

"Don't play cute with me, Mikey. I've been around the block, and I know what you have in that guitar case."

Mike ruffled his dreadlocks, a perplexed look on his face. "It's hardcore stuff, Mrs. L."

"Bubeleh, I was doing psychedelics in the sixties; back when dreadlocks were a black people thing, kapisch?"

Mike gave Kevin a desperate 'help me' look, but Kevin shrugged. "Okay," he rolled one joint and gave the old lady. "Go slow."

"Yay, freebies." Ginger clapped.

"Fuck no," Mike said.

"What's going on, Trotsky?" Mrs. Lewinski took a deep hit like she was born with a joint. "How come when it's your money, you're going capitalist all of a sudden?"

"It's a mystery. Like the female orgasm or why bedwetters go into politics. No one knows." Mike rolled a joint for Ginger.

"I want one too," Helen said and immediately blushed.

Mike gave her a deep bow. He took care to roll her a perfect joint, and he lit it up for her.

Helen gave a gracious smile, then took a hit and coughed.

"Slow down, tiger," Kevin patted her back a couple of times.

"Just a little out of practice." She took a slower hit, filling her lungs, waiting for a few seconds before exhaling. "Better?"

"Like a pro."

"That's what I call living." Mrs. Lewinski sat down and lifted her legs on the small table. "Old school vibes and sexual harmony. What I'm missing now is good jamming like we used to do when that son-of-a-bitch Nixon was in the Whitehouse. Kevin, play something nice."

"Sure." Kevin pulled out Mike's guitar. "I'm a little rusty, so don't judge." He gave the strings an experimental caress, then rose, bowed, and sat himself on the porch's rail. "My next song is by an awesome dude called Colin Hay from Down Under, and it's dedicated to a very special girl."

"Let me guess," Mike lit a joint for himself, took a hit and passed it around. "Her name is Ginger."

"Her name is Valkyrie, actually," Kevin said. "She's one of them beautiful souls the universe chucks your way from time to time. And if you're just smart enough, you might notice how beautiful they are, even if they work hard at hiding it."

"Huh?" Mike said.

Helen took a slow hit and smiled at him. Kevin started playing. Like his cooking, his guitar playing skills were superb. Kevin didn't like doing things halfway.

"And you say, be still my love; Open up your heart, Let the light shine in.

But don't you understand, I already have a plan, I'm waiting for my real life to begin."

Helen looked around. Hers was a world of million-dollar contracts, fast instincts, and hard competition. You were expected to walk on corpses from time to time. Kevin's world was the kind that when a friend called because their washing machine was broken, you dropped by and fixed it. She wanted a world relocation.

"When I awoke today, suddenly nothing happened; But in my dreams, I slew the dragon.

And down this beaten path, up this cobbled lane, I'm walking in my old footsteps, once again."

The song wasn't just for her, it was about her, and even though the words were sad they filled her with wonder. She tried to remember the last time she felt like this and couldn't. Excited, maybe even a little, reckless, and there was something else; happiness. A warm buzz that begins in the stomach and envelopes everything. Feeling content at nothing in particular, just about being.

"And you say, just be here now, forget about the past; your mask is wearing thin.

Just let me throw one more dice, I know that I can win; I'm waiting for my real life to begin."

Helen's mask was wearing thinner with every passing minute. Maybe it was the weed, perhaps it was the easy company, and a lot of it was probably the young man that used to live downstairs, who now lived in her house and was fast taking a permanent residence in her heart. She gave a solemn oath to stop walking in her old footsteps, and to never again wait for her real life to begin.

----

"Fuck, no! Did they just kill Eddard Stark?" Kevin stared at the screen, mouth agape. "Fuck no! Wow... I didn't see that coming."

Helen wore that smug little smile, that people who read the Game of Thrones books have when they watch people who haven't, tumble with one of the show's first great upsets.

"He was my favorite coolest dude. Who are they gonna kill next, Khaleesi?"

"Her name is not Khaleesi, it's Daenerys."

"I don't wanna watch your stupid show no more," Kevin said.

"Okay. Should I play the next episode?"

"...Sure."

"Mwahaha!" She rubbed her palms. "The power of Game of Thrones."

They were taking it easy on the living room couch, the end of a hard day for both, and munching on a Bananas Foster. Kevin did the cooking and Helen did the complaining that she'd added five pounds since Kevin came to live in their house. She managed to convince Kevin that watching good TV shows was sometimes as good as going to the movies, especially if it was in the Brion Penthouse, with its 75-inch flat TV and a sound system that could put any modern theatre to shame. She also introduced him to HBO, particularly Games of Thrones, with its court intrigues, dragons, ten boobs an hour, and ice zombies. Watching TV with a friend was a new experience for her, and Kevin's Game of Thrones virginity added a refreshing perspective to the experience.

"Actually, don't play another episode. I've got to study." Kevin fired up his ancient laptop. "I have an assignment due next week."

"There's a whole seven days until next week. Plus, the next episode is even more extreme."

"Helen, you're dragging my grades down. My mom used to warn me about girls like you."

"Mrs. Lewinski says I'm a catch."

"You're a slippery slope, that's what you are. First, it's another episode of Game of Thrones, next you're selling your body to the other hobos sharing your cardboard box to support your meth addiction. No episode. Study."

"Total bum sauce, Kev."

"Yeah, and stop quoting Mike. He's not cool, he's just childish."

"Sure thing, mom." Helen fired up her own laptop. "If you're studying, I'm guessing I'm working. Let's see. 'Cushman & Wakefield 2017 first quarter review of east side survey by the numbers.' Fun. Fun. Fun." She gave a dramatic sigh.

"Emotional blackmail doesn't work here no more, Helen. It moved to Nevada."

"Say what?"

"Sigh a little louder."

"Oh, you saw through that? Damn you, you're so perceptive. Foiled again." She sighed deeply.

"Grrrr! Compensatory Café au lait Louisiana style?"

"Yes, please." Helen gave him an innocent smile, stretched her tall body on the couch and kicked him off the couch. "Just remember it's scalded milk not boiling milk. And maybe a little ice-cream on the side. But just a pinch, okay?"

"Just a pinch, okay?" He imitated her voice and Helen laughed.

Even working when Kevin was in the room was a different experience than she was used to. It was so good that she almost completely stopped burning the candle at both ends. She started coming home early in hope of finding him there. If Kevin noticed her change of pattern he didn't say anything, for which she was grateful. Tonight, Diana worked unexpectedly late, and that had its own merit. There was always a tension when she was around, even if she never said anything about Helen and Kevin's movie date nights. Plus, if she wasn't at home, she couldn't drag Kevin away to the bedroom.

Kevin was in the kitchen, warming the milk, when his phone rang.

"Hello?" he said.

"Hi, angel," the voice had the slight accent that reminded him of a faraway land where women wore Burkas and Hijabs. It also made his heart beat much faster.

"Hey, Nadine. How you been?"

"Missing you. A lot."

"That's nice," he said.

"Asshole. Can you be less enthusiastic? A girl says she misses you. The least you can do is say that you miss her right back."

"I do, Nadine. I... I miss you a lot."

"Hmmm... Try harder."

"That night, I can't stop thinking about it. I never had anything like it before."

"Or after."

He laughed. "How did you get my number?"

"I have my mysterious ways."

"Like God?"

"I took it off Diana's phone when she was busy doing...you know... So if you want me that much, then why don't you come over again? I'll make you feel even better. We'll make it last longer. I want to spend the night with you, Kevin, and wake up with you in my arms."

Helen..."

"It's Nadine."

"What?"

"You said Helen."

"Did I?"

"I said I wanted to wake up with you in my arms and you called me Helen. Freudian slip much?"

Even though he was on the phone, Kevin blushed. "I'm a... I really want that too. Believe me, I fantasised about us more than once, Nadine."

"Iman asks about you every day. She wants me to take her to see you. You left an impression, Kevin."

"Give her a kiss for me."

"Why don't you come over and give it to her yourself?"

"But you're a... What you do for a living, that's not how I was brought up to be."

"Come on."

"You're trafficking in humans."

"Nobody is forcing these boys to work for us. We pay well."

"Yeah, I bet those young Chinese boys grew up dreaming about being prostitutes."

"Need and supply, Kevin. Grow up. That's how the world works."

"Not my world. I... Hey, wait a minute. Last time we went to your place Diana's mobile was broken. I remember specifically, because she threw it at me in one of her tantrums, and it hit the wall. She made me take it to the lab. She didn't have her mobile then, she had a backup mobile that had no contacts in it."

"So?"

"So, you didn't copy my number back then."

"Does it matter? Look-"

"She's with you right now, isn't she?"

"What do you want me to say, Kevin?"

Kevin blushed again, this time due to anger. "The truth? She said she had to work late unexpectedly, the little liar. But she went to your place?"

"And imagine my disappointment when she didn't bring you along."

"She's not with you, she's with those two Chinese boys, right?"

"Forget about Diana."

"Stop pretending this has nothing to do with you, Nadine." Kevin raised his voice. "You know what I hate the most about Diana? Aside for her being a selfish lying cheat? That she treats me like I'm an idiot, which is exactly what you are doing right now."

"I don't think you're an idiot. Quite the contrary."

"Just naïve as fuck. Little Kevin will rush into your arms and you will spend the night together. How romantic. All this time his girlfriend, who you fucking hate, will bang the boys from your escort service. What's going on, Nadine?"

"What do you mean?"

"Why is she really there? What do you need her for? She doesn't have any money," He tried to control his voice.

"Kevin... It's not what you think."

"Says the woman who works in extortion. You know, I drove all the way to your place two days ago, Nadine."

"What?"

"Yeah. I Argued with myself for like sixty minutes outside. I really wanted to knock on your gate, like you wouldn't believe. I had to bang my head against a wall to stop myself from running to you. I'm so glad right now that I didn't break."

"Kevin, I'm sorry that-"

"No, don't be. And you're talking to a different Kevin right now. You said I shouldn't change? Well, it happened. Kevin's been growing up lately. The old naïve Kevin is dead. When you feel like you can treat me like I'm an adult and tell me the truth, please call me, Nadine. Until then, have a nice life."

Kevin hung up.

He almost called her right back to apologize, then he saw her number flash on the screen and almost answered. The night they spent together changed him in more ways than he was willing to admit. The memory of her warm body was engraved on his deepest desires and several of his wet dreams. Even hearing her voice was enough to ignite his passion. He was confident that had she been here right now, they would be in bed already. But pretending she wasn't a criminal who worked at exploiting people? And what the hell was her plan for Diana?

"Hey, you're boiling the milk," Helen's smiling face appeared at the kitchen's door.

He poured the milk into a glass and blew on it. "There. All good."

"And the base should be drip brewed not espresso."

"Says who?"

"Mr. Google, Kevin. It knows everything."

He toyed with the option of coming clean and asking for her help. Then he thought it wasn't the fair option. Despite the fact that on paper Helen had every leverage on Diana, she was helpless when it came to her little sister. He'll gain nothing other than causing her needless heartache.

"Eh, google, shmoogle." Kevin imitated Mrs. Lewinski's voice and body language. "This whole Internet gig is just a passing fad. I've seen thousands of them come and go in my time."

Helen bit her lip to stop herself from laughing.

"Not the laugh," Kevin said. "Just not the laugh, okay?"

She looked up, looked down, pinched herself, but then it burst like a tsunami. Her rolling laughter was super funny. A quiet wave of soft gasps followed by a sudden fog horn. Kevin started laughing as well. When Helen began one of those avalanches, you just had to join.

She smiled nowadays, a lot more than she used to, and he didn't feel like changing that. He'll need to solve his problems with Diana on his own.

----

Diana's lithe silhouette shuffled into the room at four thirty in the morning. Kevin was a light sleeper, and when she kicked off her high boots and turned on the light, he woke up.

"Clients were shopping for clothes this late?" Kevin yawned. "Wow."

"Go to sleep, Baby Butt, I didn't mean to wake you."

"So considerate. People always ask me to name three things that you love most about Diana. And I say, consideration, consideration, and consideration. She's always so considerate."

"I'm tired, Baby Butt." Diana yawned. "Do you mind waiting with the stupid till tomorrow?"

"Sure."

"Hmmm... So sweet." She leaned to kiss him, but he pushed her away.

"Don't. You reek of alcohol and sex."

"Sex?"

"The sex you had with those Chinese boys at Nadine's place."

"What?"

"What?" Kevin imitated her.

"Don't be stupid."

"I know you fucked them the last time we were there. I saw you. And I know you didn't work late tonight; you went to Nadine's."

Diana stood above him, blinking, and placed her hands on her hips. "Bullshit! I worked late, then went for a drink with the girls."

"So it's okay now?"

"What?"

"To sleep with other people and then lie about it. We're at that stage in our relationship?"

"Who do you want to sleep with, Kevin?"

"Do you even care?"

"Ginger?" She said in a quiet voice. "You want to sleep with that whore?"

"I don't want to be your boyfriend no more, Diana."

The slap she gave him rang around the room and made his head spin. He tasted blood in his mouth and touched his cheek that was beginning to swell. Her nails plowed two trails of blood.

She stared at him with horror. "I'm... I'm so sorry."

Kevin shot out of bed. She tried to grab him but was too drunk and confused, and he rolled under her hands quickly.

"Kevin, stop! I'm sorry. I didn't mean to."

Wearing shorts and a white T-shirt, he ran outside the room and outside the apartment. Her shouts followed him all the way into the street.

----

A WEEK LATER; MIKE'S ROOM, IN THE UNIVERSITY DORMS

You could set a Rolex according to Samantha's dick. Mike's girlfriend woke up every morning at six-thirty sharp with a boner. No exceptions. From his mattress on the floor, Kevin saw her nudging Mike's shoulder.

"What?" Kevin heard Mike's sleepy voice.

"Turn over," Samantha whispered.

"Why?"

"Three guesses."

"Oh." Kevin saw Mike turn on his side and snuggle his back to her. Samantha, a plump brunette, frantically messed with Mike's body under the blanket, then threw something behind her back. Mike's blue underwear dropped on the floor near Kevin's head. Samantha, who realized her mistake, turned, and Kevin just managed to close his eyes, pretending to be asleep.

Next came the frantic movements under the blanket, and Mike's sharp intake as she speared him. Then the blanket started rising with a slow wave-like ripple accompanied by Samantha's heavy breathing. Her rounded ass set a slow rhythm, and the bed started making creaking sounds. Morning exercise. Kevin felt himself stiffen.

The blanket was pulled when Samantha overdid one thrust. She pulled it back on but didn't do a thorough job and now half of her plump ass was left on display, jiggling and rippling as she moved in and out of Mike's body.

Samantha leaned and kissed Mike's neck.

Kevin felt it was enough intrusion on his friend's sex life for one morning and he slowly turned his back to them. It meant he was facing the other bed.

On the opposite bed, he could also see rhythmic movements under the blanket. Thomas, Mike's roommate, was probably watching the free porn show and masturbating.

Just great!

Kevin turned on his back and closed his eyes, trying to mute Samantha's heavy breathing and the bed's creaking sounds.

A minute went by, and he suddenly heard the tiny fast footsteps of Thomas' dachshund. The little dog sniffed near Kevin's ear, and he felt the wet nose touching his cheek.

The dog then clip-clopped to the other side of the mattress and started humping Kevin's leg.

Oh, for fuck's sake!

There ain't no rest for the wicked, and it ain't a garden of roses for nice guys either.

He jumped out of bed and silently exited the room, grabbing his mobile on the way. He sat in the Dorms' corridor on the third floor's rail and surfed the web, passing time. Samantha was just as predictable with her lovemaking as she was with her morning boners. In fifteen minutes she'll finish, and then he can sneak in again and maybe steal another thirty minutes of sleep.

Fuck!

He overstayed his welcome. He knew Mike would never say a word, but a good friend doesn't need to be told. The dorm room was so tiny it felt crowded when two people were inside. Four people, plus a dog...

But where could he go?

Financially, his situation hadn't improved. Most of his salary went to his dad, who said it was just a temporary arrangement until his store started making money again. That was seven months ago. Temporary turned out to be a permanent routine. He still couldn't afford to pay rent.

He could quit his studies, put them on hold, and work two jobs. That would be the same as raising a white flag. He was studying hard so that one day he'd earn enough to not be on the verge of financial disaster all the time.

There was also the considerable debt he still owed Helen.

He felt trapped.

His mobile rang.

"Hey, good morning, Valkyrie."

"Hi, Kevin."

Helen sounded sad, and that made his heart squeeze. "How's it going?" He said.

"Great."

"I...crap..." Her great sounded like a heartbreaking sigh and Kevin wanted to run over just to give her a hug and see her smile.

"Yeah, just great. Diana cries all the time. Says you won't answer her calls or messages."

"I asked about you, not about Diana."

"Me?"

"You."

"I'm okay, Kevin, I miss you, that's all. It's hard going back to crappy takeaways after...after you." She tried laughing, but it wasn't an impressive effort.

"I miss you too, Helen. I miss our talks."

"Me too."

"Hey, I'm still coming for our Sunday night movie."

"I... I'm really looking forward to that. How are you holding on, Kevin?"

"Weighing my options."

"And?"

"They're not great. I'm still broke. And I still owe you rent."

She sighed. "Forget about the stupid debt. We'll figure something out."

"I can't. I'm not like that."

"Let me guess, your mother told you a man should always pay his debts?"

"Yeah, actually, she used to say that."

"Jesus, Kevin, can't you give yourself a fucking break just once?"

"Helen."

"Please come back home, Kevin."

"What?"

"I..." She went silent on the other side of the line again. Probably shocked at her outburst. Her reactions were always filtered before she met Kevin.

"I can't go back."

"Isn't there any way that you and Diana could somehow...? I'll... I'll help. Whatever you two need. If you need nights without me being the third wheel? I've been forcing myself on you two lately. Just say so. I'll give you and Diana more space. Just come back home."

"Diana hit me."

There was a stunned silence again. "Diana did what?" Helen said in a small voice.

"She struck me. The swelling lasted for three days. I lost a tooth."

"Why...?" Helen's voice shook. "Is she using again?"

"I don't know. You sound shocked."

"I am. On the other hand, it's not the first time that she's violent with someone she's dating. She promised me that she'll never... Goddamn."

"I think she was drunk."

"There are lines that can't be crossed, Kevin."

"She didn't mean to."

"Do you know what you sound like right now?"

"Me?"

"I grew up in West Englewood. Half the women on my block suffered from domestic violence. You sound just like them. Next you'll say it was your fault and that you pissed her off."

"I did piss her off."

"I feel so ashamed right now," she said

"You didn't do nothing, Helen."

"I forced you into this relationship."

"Nothing to be sorry about. It saved me financially, and I wouldn't have met you otherwise."

"What are you going to do?"

"Dunno. Maybe I'll come back."

"I really want you to, but now I think that you shouldn't. Oh shit, here she comes." Helen hung up.

There was always the option of crawling back to the Brion Penthouse. Back to Diana with his tail tucked between his legs.

"Want a cig?" Thomas came out of the room wearing shorts. He lit himself a cigarette and offered one to Kevin.

"Seriously? You're going to puff on that now?" Kevin said.

"Why not?"

Kevin shrugged. He heard of a post-sex cigarette, but never of a post-masturbation cigarette.

Thomas' tiny dachshund came wobbling out of the room, sniffed Kevin's leg and then proceeded to make love to it.

"I swear, Thomas, I'd never dream of hurting a dumb animal but Bagel is dangerously close to making me cross that line."

"Dumb? He's a pure breed. He cost my dad 1300 dollars. I'll show you." Thomas whistled, and the little dog wagged his tail harder, but didn't stop humping Kevin's leg. "Bagel, sit!"

The dachshund stopped, sat, scratched his ear, and then resumed making love to Kevin's leg.

"Wow, he's a genius, bro," Kevin removed the dog gently from his foot. The little dachshund kept humping the air. "Fucking Stephen Hawking you got there."

Animals were not allowed in the dorms, and Bagel crapped in every corner of the room. Thomas usually kept him outside, but since Kevin came to live in the place last week, he took him in, knowing Mike wouldn't be able to complain about breaching rules.

Just another reason for Kevin to evacuate the room ASAP.

His phone rang again.

"Jack?" He said.

"Try again. I've added my number to Jack's contact to avoid detection."

"Hmm... Perfect contralto. Adele? Is that you? Hello from the other side?"

Ginger laughed. "Kiss-ass."

"No, like really. You have Adele's perfect contralto. You could blow Simon Cowell's tits off if you try the X-Factor."

Ginger laughed again. "I heard from Mike that you broke up with Diana."

"Yeah."

"You didn't call me."

"It's still fresh."

"It's just that there's this party tomorrow evening at the Alpha Pi Alpha sorority building. And I would love it if you would come with me, because I'll be the envy of every girl there."

Maybe he had options he hadn't even thought about.

"Alpha Pi Alpha? Aren't they a little...you know...snobbish?"

----

There weren't futanari only sororities on any US campus, at least on paper. There used to be, but the Civil Rights Movement put an end to that in the sixties. However, prejudice and habit proved stronger than slackly enforced integration. People being people, with the pernicious nature of xenophobia, encouraged a unified, often tribal reaction of solidarity among futa. You could try, but you couldn't get into the Alpha Pi Alpha sorority unless you had both a penis and a vagina.

A series of articles in the NY Times called 'Discrimination on Campus,' caused universities make flip flops, and bend the rules so that they won't be labeled futaphobic. As a backlash, the Alpha Pi Alpha was the newest, most modern house on campus. It rose like a middle finger, fuck you, amongst the other ancient and in some cases rundown fraternity and sorority houses. It was modeled after the White House, and both the lush gardens outside, and the interior with its chandeliers and wooden floors, spoke of class or tacky ostentation. Kevin couldn't decide which it was.

He tried to call Ginger, but his battery died the moment he dialed.

"Fuck."

There were chargers available in the Computer Science Lab; that was a three mile walk. The heat of the day had diminished, but the air was thick, sultry with honeysuckle. He'd be drenched by the time he got there. He decided to sit in the shade and wait for a passing-by sorority sister that would be kind enough to take him to Ginger's room. One sorority member was sitting cross-legged on the stairs leading to the Alpha Pi Alpha building, but he couldn't ask her anything.

Being a futanari didn't mean you automatically qualified to be an Alpha Pi Alpha, not by a long shot. You also had to be somebody. A senator's daughter, a super athlete or super-rich.

The girl sitting cross-legged on the stairs was no different. Kevin knew her by name. Everyone did. Sharon Richardson aka 'I like it natural' Sharon, which was the theme in a beer commercial that she starred in. She was a law student, but she wasn't famous for her mediocre academic accomplishments. She modeled. Nothing local. Her perfect symmetric face had been plastered on popular magazines, like Grazia and Dazed. Catlike blue eyes, flawless skin, luscious lips and long silky platinum locks were her trademark. She looked more Photoshopped than real, and was the fantasy of every boy on campus, both futa lover and one hundred percent hetero.

A mortal didn't talk with a goddess, and the Kevins of this world didn't speak with Sharon Richardson, so he couldn't ask her. He sat on the pedestal of a statue of Athena posed to welcome people into the garden and waited for another girl to stroll by.

Sharon Richardson noticed him and gave him an appraising look. It made him fidget.

"You're Kevin, right?" She suddenly said.

Kevin checked behind him. He was sure that another Kevin was standing there.

"Yeah, you are Kevin."

"You're talking to me?"

"No, to the statue."

Has the world gone mad? "I'm... I'm looking for Ginger. Can I go inside? I'm not up to date on Alpha Pi Alpha ground rules."

"Boys are allowed until twelve PM."

Kevin looked at his digital watch. "The big hand is on six, the little hand points to six. Lets' see... It's six thirty. I'm in the clear. Dope!"

She gave him an appraising scan again. Kevin tried hard not to look at her bosom, which wasn't easy. She had a famous viral video with Kate Upton, both wearing sexy lingerie, and Sharon gave Kate a fair fight when it came to boob size. It didn't help that she wore a yellow tank top and no bra, either; it looked like the strings holding the ladies were ready to snap.

"I'm looking for Ginger," he tried again.

"You're here for the party?"

"You got free beer?"

"Sure."

"Count me in."

She laughed and then stood up, glided over to him, as a Goddess would, and smelled him. Not casually, or even trying to be inconspicuous about it. She leaned over, almost touching the crevice between his neck and shoulder, and inhaled deeply. Awkward wasn't beginning to describe how it felt. Maybe goddesses didn't need to abide by human conventions?

"Too much aftershave?" he asked.

"Huh?"

He smelled his hand and gave his shoulder a sniff.

"I'll take you inside." She didn't ask, she commanded, taking his hand and dragging him after her.

"Wait? Are you taking me to Ginger?"

"She's not here yet. I'll give you a tour of the place."

She pulled him past the entrance, and he had little choice but to follow her long steps. Like most of her kind, she was much stronger than him, and regardless, Kevin was sure that if Sharon Richardson commanded, then mortals like him should obey. For a tour guide, she wasn't too keen about displaying the sites, explaining, or talking at all. They went past the foyer into the hall. Several girls were busy decorating it with red balloons, pink ribbons and signs giving didactic hints like 'You miss 100% of the shots you don't take', with a picture of a glass and a lemon slice to remove any doubt.

Everyone looked up when Kevin and Sharon entered, but the tall model pulled him towards the massive wooden stairs before any questions could be asked.

A stringy, unusually tall futanari stopped them in the middle of the stairs. Kevin also knew her by reputation. She was one of the Foster Twins, Kevin had no idea which one. They were part of the university athletic team. Ashley was the college basketball team's captain, with a promising future in the professional league.

The powerful-looking athlete checked him out. "This is Kevin, right?"

"Is it written on my forehead or...?"

"I'm Megan," she smiled and offered her hand. She was the twin who set a national collegiate record for the 1500-meter run. She wasn't pretty, but her smile was genuine and captivating. Kevin felt drawn to that smile.

"Ginger showed us a video of you on her Instagram," Megan said.

"Huh?"

"Playing guitar...?"

"Oh." He remembered her pointing her smartphone on that evening on Mrs. Lewinski's porch.

"I know it sounds a bit snobbish, but we don't allow everyone in our parties. We have a standard. That video was your ticket in."

"It sounds a lot snobbish."

"Think of it as a screening net for creeps."

"Either way, I've made it into the cool girls' club. Up top."

Megan laughed and high-fived him.

"Megan, can you go be annoying someplace else?" Sharon Richardson started pulling Kevin again.

"Where are you taking him?" Megan said.

"I'm giving him a tour."

"Starting the party early?"

"Jealous much?"

"Of you? Of course. Everyone is jealous of you, Sharon, all the time."

The silver-haired model's face brightened with a smile. Either sarcasm was beyond her, or she just didn't give a fuck.

Megan shook her head. "Anyway, Kevin, welcome to the Alpha Pi Alpha house." She pointed to a big poster being plastered in the hall below. It read, 'Slutz Fest. Welcum!!!'

"Wow, very poetic," Kevin said.

"It's a tradition." Megan rolled her eyes. "Clever, right?"

"And full of class."

"Sorority traditions are sadly hard to change."

Kevin tried thinking of a smart answer, but Sharon yanked him away. He gave an apologetic nod to Megan who smiled at him.

Sharon pulled him upstairs, down a hallway to the last door. The room beyond was a standard university dorm, but it had the best view in the chapter house because it faced the garden. Dominating the room was a canopy bed with pink curtains and pink satin sheets. A massive wardrobe with mirrored doors occupied the other half of the room. Pressed between the wardrobe corner and a beautiful dressing table was a simple bed. A relatively short ashen-haired futanari sat on the mattress and was busy texting on her phone.

She looked up, "Hi."

"This is Michelle. She's my roomie. Michelle, Kevin, Kevin, Michelle."

"Hi," Kevin said.

"Michelle was just leaving."

"And bye." Michelle jumped out of bed and ran out because Sharon motioned her with her head to make herself scarce.

"Why did you kick her out?" Kevin said.

"Do you want her to watch?"

"Watch?"

Sharon Richardson locked the door, leaving the key in the lock.

Kevin was not a rookie when it came to confident Futanari with less than honorable intentions. Still, he blushed deeply. "I thought you were taking me for a tour."

The tall model pulled her ribbon and unfurled her luxurious silver hair, then jumped on the big bed. "A tour? Okay. This is my room. This is my bed. I'll give you a guided tour of my dick in a second."

"Uh, what?"

"Come here," she patted her bedsheet.

"I'm here to meet Ginger."

Sharon Richardson opened two big beautiful eyes. "You're kidding, right?"

"Can you point me to Ginger's room? I'll just wait for her in there."

"You won't find Ginger's room."

"I'll look awful hard."

"She's not an Alpha Pi Alpha, you daf. She doesn't live here."

"Good for her."

Sharon pulled her top off as if it was the most natural thing in the world. Kevin blinked. It was a well-known internet fact that those perfect round balloons could cure cancer, bring about world peace, and give you a boner from August to March.

"I..."

"Are you shy?"

"I came, um...Ginger..."

Sharon stood up and crossed the distance between them, pinning Kevin against the door. She leaned down and pressed her magnificent chest to his shoulders. "Damn, I have something big and hard because of you." Her lips sought his, but Kevin turned his head away, and she nuzzled his neck. Her hands went to his ass cheeks, and she squeezed them both. "Do you carry a license to be that sexy?" Her perfume tickled his nostrils, something woody with a hint of lavender. Her magnificent mounds pressed into both sides of his head.

"I...Ginger..."

Sharon ground herself against his body, and he could feel her hardness under her jeans. She ran both palms across his stomach and cupped his ass cheeks, squeezing them gently; her hands holding each one comfortably. She then left him standing breathless and returned to the bed. Sharon unzipped her jeans and pulled her cock out. It was hard, and had a weird bend at the top, giving it the look of a jack wrench. The big purple head was heaving slowly.

"Come here, sweetness, I want you to kiss it."

"Sure." Kevin unlocked the door.

"Where do you think you're going?"

"I'm...uh...it's a surprise. Close your eyes."

"Surprise?"

"Close your eyes. I'm gonna do something that's gonna blow your mind."

"Okay." She smiled happily and closed her eyes.

Kevin went out and closed the door.

'What the fuck?'

He ran down the stairs all the way down, and out of the Alpha Pi Alpha house. He checked behind him, expecting any minute to see a pair of perfect boobs in hot pursuit. Running with your head turned in the wrong direction can be tricky, and Kevin slammed into a tall body and fell on his ass.

"Shit, oh, I'm so sorry."

"I'm not." Megan reached down and helped him up. "I think this gorgeous thing belongs to you, Ginger."

Kevin winced from the pain, while Megan appeared unaffected. Ginger stood behind the tall athlete. She wore a red skater dress with lace bodice and crisscrossed back straps.

"Hi," he said. "You look pretty."

"You look..." She gave him a warm hug and then kissed him deeply on his lips. Her tongue boldly burrowed and tasted his.

"Oh...hi." He huffed. "Wow!"

"Sorry. Couldn't wait anymore."

"Oh...okay. I totally get you. I'm irresistible. Yep."

Ginger laughed. "So, what do you say, Megan?" Ginger turned to the athlete.

Megan nodded.

At that moment a fully dressed and very angry Sharon stormed down the stairs.

"Son of a mother fucking shit cunt asshole!" Her face was crimson, and splotches of red went down her neck all the way to her magnificent bosom. "You think you're funny?"

"What's wrong?" Megan said.

"What's wrong? What's wrong? A surprise, eh?" She gave Kevin a murderous stare.

"Well, you look surprised," Kevin said.

Sharon Richardson showed him her middle finger and stormed off.

"What was that all about?" Megan looked pleased.

"She said she'd give me a tour, but she dragged me to her room, pulled out her genie and wanted me to rub her lamp."

Megan laughed. "Don't you know what a tour means?"

"Now I do."

"What did you do to piss her off like that?"

"I made a disappearing act."

"Oh my god, Kevin," Megan clapped her hands. "I think that you're the first guy who ever told Sharon Richardson to fuck off. I love you so much right now. Will you marry me?"

"Sure! Ginger, it has been nice knowing you, but I feel like Megan and me, we're the real deal."

Ginger didn't laugh. If anything, she looked pissed.

----

"Are you trying to fuck with me?" Ginger's voice was tense.

"Not straight away. Let's talk a little. Go on a date or two. A little foreplay maybe? Then..."

"I'm serious, Kev."

They were sitting on Megan Foster's bed. Megan was kind enough to offer them privacy when Ginger said she needed to talk with Kevin. The walls were decorated with 'animals in the wild' photos. A Herd of elephants under the Kilimanjaro, a lioness sleeping on a rock, and a colorful octopus in the Australian Grand Reef; you would think this was the room of a National Geographic photographer rather than the rooms of two aspiring athletes. The room didn't even smell of sweat, like a jock's den would. It had a vase of daffodils, and the flowers' pleasant aroma made Kevin think of home, and the vast swamps he explored to hunt for tadpoles as a child.

"I'm serious, Kev. Are you trying to screw me over?"

"What did I do?"

"Why did you have to piss off Sharon Richardson?"

"What was I supposed to do? Give her head?"

"Well..."

Kevin stared bug-eyed at her. "Are you for real, Ginger?"

"Well, if you didn't want to you could have just given her an excuse. You didn't have to make her boil like that."

"You weren't there."

"Kevin, I've been trying forever to get into Alpha Pi Alpha. The Bid Day is in two weeks, and Sharon is on the committee."

"So maybe you won't have her vote?"

"You think?"

"Megan Foster, on the other hand, is totally on our side." Kevin smiled and gave an encouraging thumbs-up. "Her vote is as good as Sharon's."

Ginger shook her head. "She's not on the committee."

"I know what. We can dig dirt on Sharon. Like Watergate...minus the deep-throat, cause I didn't even though she wanted me to. We can spread a rumor that her cock is super weird, which isn't so far from the truth, by the way. Shame will lead her to depression, which will lead to eating which will lead to her growing fat and if her balloons get any fatter she'll start floating up like a blimp and wouldn't be able to vote on the Bid Day. Boom!"

"You're not funny, Kev."

He laughed. "A lil' bit."

"It's important to me, even if you don't give a fuck."

"Why?"

"Why what?"

"Why even bother being in a clique with all these over-privileged spoiled princesses who think they're still in high school and they're the queen of the class?"

"I'm studying to be a lawyer, Kevin. Do you have any idea how hard it is to get a decent job in a half-decent firm? It's not where you studied; it's not how high your grades are."

"It's how popular you were on campus?"

"It's who your dad knows, Kevin. And my dad is a junior high janitor in Brooklyn."

"I'll go suck her dick right now."

"Now you're a dick," she said.

"Sorry," he touched her cheek and kissed her. "I didn't realize it's so important."

"Sharon Richardson is the daughter of William Richardson, co-founder and president of Richardson and Williams, one of the biggest real-estate firms in this city. I don't give a fuck about her being a model or how she thinks the sun rises from her peachy ass every morning. All I care about is her vote and the fact that if her dad wants to, he can find me a job in a second."

"Oh, she's the daughter of Helen's boss, then."

"Who?"

"The tall girl I came with to Mrs. Lewinski's house. Diana's big sister."

Ginger squinted her eyes. "Ah, her. I was curious about her. What's the deal with you two?"

"Helen? She's a good friend."

"Does she know?"

"What?"

"That she's a friend."

"What do you mean?"

"Because the way she looks at you." Ginger closed her hand on his thigh. "Like a sixteen-year-old high-school girl looks at her first crush."

"What? No! We're good friends."

Ginger kissed him. "It's kinda cute that you're so clueless." Her lips were warm and soft on his, and he wanted it to last longer, but Ginger pulled back and slapped his ass. "Come on, let's go party and do some damage control!"

"I'm not sucking her dick!"

----

Helen grabbed her mobile and dialed Kevin's number, but didn't press the call button. She'd called him twice today already, and even though he was happy to get her calls, she felt that calling him a third time would be crossing some invisible line. Helen looked at the office clock and sighed. It was eight thirty, and she was falling back on her old patterns, letting life pass her by. At least the weekend was near, and Kevin promised he'd come over on Sunday for their movie date.

"Helen, can you come here for a second?" William, Helen's boss, always sounded tired these days. Nasty rumors were flying around about his wife suing for divorce because she caught him red handed at a hotel with a lover. A futanari no less. True or false, there was something bad going on with her boss.

"Helen?"

"Is it urgent? I've got to finish going over some invoices."

"It's not urgent, but if you could come by my office anytime soon, please do so."

"I meant to drop by anyway," she said. "There's something that I need to show you. "

"Okay then. Thirty minutes?"

"Sure."

She tried to focus on both the report and the invoices on her desk, but her stomach had been giving her a hard time all day. Painkillers didn't do much, and she was sure she was developing a fever. She went for a drink of cold water. The office was mostly empty but Jessica Bell, the bay area senior analyst, was at the water cooler. Helen turned around before social conventions would force her into small talk. She didn't like Jessica much. She overheard her once complaining over the phone about working late, and how her bitch Futa boss, who has no life of her own, thinks that everyone else should be miserable like her.

Helen tiptoed back to her office but was too late.

"I'll have the Solomon project CRE report on your desk in an hour, Helen, an hour and a half, tops," Jessica said.

"Oh, is that's why you've stayed so late?" Helen said.

"Why else?" There were black circles under Jessica's eyes.

"We have the Barrington contract sign up, so I won't get around to it until next week. You can go home."

"Seriously?" Jessica had a surprised look on her face. "That's a...you always read the reports on the weekend."

"I can do one weekend without NOI estimates, and you look like you could use a good night's sleep. I'll read it next week."

"Thanks. I'm...thanks," Jessica let out a heavy sigh. "My grandson has been keeping me awake."

"Oh." It was Helen turn to look surprised. People never shared personal information with her. "Is everything okay?"

"My daughter lost her scholarship at MIT this year because she wasn't up to par with her grades. I told her that she and her husband need to wait with having children for at least another year, but you know how kids are, they never listen."

Helen nodded because she felt it was the correct reaction.

"We've been trying to figure where we can scrape forty-five K for the tuition fee. I'm currently babysitting my granddaughter three times a week while she works nightshifts. She is a doll, but that's why I have these." Jessica circled her finger around her eyes.

"Why don't you take the employee loan?" Helen said. "That's a fifty-grand loan, with a seven years repayment plan unless you leave us, plus it has a zero percent interest rate."

"That program is only open for top management."

"I think I have enough authority to bend the rules just this time. Sarah won't bitch about it as long as she sees my signature on the application form. If she asks, I'll say it's part of the employees' retention policy."

Jessica stared at her, mouth agape.

"Should I send the application now?" Helen said.

"Seriously? You'll do that for me?"

"You're an excellent analyst, Jessica. It's a smart move to make sure you stay with us for seven more years." Helen returned to her office, filled the form, printed a copy, and gave it to Jessica. "There. Money in the bank."

"I don't know what to say?" The elder woman said, and a second later stunned Helen when she hugged her. "You just saved my life, Helen."

"Eh...glad I could help." Helen heard herself say. "It's my good deed for the day, and good deeds are rewarded." She gave a nervous laugh.

"Wow, you didn't strike me as the religious type."

"It's not a religious thing. It's just something that a smart woman used to say, and I try...yeah."

Maybe she'll call Kevin after all?

---

Kevin aimed the ping pong ball and let it fly. It painted a beautiful arc, clicked as it bounced on the table and landed inside a tall cup. The girls around him cheered. The game was called Chandelier Lick, and it was some version of beer pong. A sorority sister read the rules before the game, but they were so stupid, Kevin didn't bother listening.

The guy playing against him, Kamlesh, a tall Indian looking boy that Kevin knew from the Linux lab, gulped a cup of beer. It was his sixth already. Wobbling, he pulled a note from the jar, but his eyes crossed, and he couldn't read it.

His partner, a curvy brunette futa, took the note from his hands, read it and screamed. "Bellybutton!" She jumped on the table and pulled her top, exposing her belly, then lay down.

The girls around them started cheering again.

"Lick!

"Lick!

Lick!"

Kamlesh poured some of the beer on the exposed bellybutton and licked up and down. His tongue traveled on her abs all the way to her tit. The girl exposed one full breast and Kamlesh attached his lips to it like a toddler and started sucking.

"I think you just won," Ginger said. "That guy is shitfaced."

"What did I win?"

Ginger attacked his lips with a kiss that left him breathless. Her hand traveled down his back, and she capped his ass cheek, squeezing it in his jeans. She inserted her thigh between his, and he felt the pressure of her body as she started grinding against his leg. He felt her hardness under her dress, and it excited him. The power he had to ignite these women was intoxicating. Among them, he wasn't Kevin, the invisible guy that no one cared to notice. It was still mind-boggling, but he was that hot chick that all the guys want to be with.

"Do you wanna go someplace- ouch!" someone slapped his butt hard. He turned around and found himself face-to-boobs with Sharon Richardson's fantastic chest.

"You're a very naughty boy," she waved her finger at him.

"You're a very drunk girl."

"Very, very, naughty," she slurred. "But I love you anyway."

"Same here."

"I love you so very much. Wanna...wanna...wanna go on a tour?"

"Maybe next time."

She leaned in and kissed his lips, surprisingly tenderly. Then she kissed his neck. "I'm gonna take you...I'm gonna...I'm gonna, uh...make you feel tour," she said, fell on her ass, and started giggling. Kevin and Ginger helped her up and dragged her to a sofa. Sadly, it was occupied.

A Russian looking guy, naked except for bowtie and a waistcoat, sat upright on the couch. His legs were hiked up, feet apart and flat by his side, while a black futa in a green dress played with his ass. Her fingers exposed the pink interior of his inviting rectum. She spat into the hole, then lifted her skirt, moved her panties to the side and pulled out her cock.

The guy smiled at her, slowly patted her almost tennis sized balls, then took hold of her cock, and proceeded to jerk her off. The girl sat down, her naked bottom next to Sharon's head. The model didn't notice because she was already in the dream world of double D sized girls.

The black girl then pushed the guy on his side, and slid between him and the back of the couch, spooning him. She propped herself up on one elbow to get some leverage for her hips. Her cockhead effortlessly slid deep into his waiting hole. A second later she was balls deep.

On the opposite couch, a redheaded futa had a slim bookish-looking guy draped over her knee. His pants were down to his knees, and his naked shiny bottom was up in the air. The redhead slapped him hard, and a circle of girls around her cheered.

"Three." The girls counted together.

She smacked him again. His butt began to redden.

"Four."

"Oh," the guy moaned. This time, the blow caused the flesh of his ass cheeks to undulate and quiver. The round globes of flesh were now flushed red from the impact of the spanking.

"Who's a bad boy?"

"Me!" The guy laughed.

Placing a hand on each buttock, she spread open his ass crack.

"No, don't," he giggled.

Smack!

"Five!"

"You don't tell mommy what she can or cannot do!"

"Yes, mommy."

Smack!

"Six!"

"Do you want mommy in your ass like Kisha is inside of Andrei's ass?" She turned his head to look at the opposite couch. The black girl was taking her time sliding lazily in and out of Andrei's ass. The Russian looking boy looked much more enthused than her. His eyes were closed, and he was bucking back into her, moaning, but the girl stopped him every time. She was taking it slow, savoring every thrust.

Kevin thought of Nadine and how she conquered his body. His cock stirred.

Smack!

"Seven!"

"Tell me you want mommy in your ass like Kisha's is inside of Andrei's!" The redhead pinched the now fiery red buttocks.

"I want you in my ass."

Smack!

"Eight!"

"Who do you want?"

"You, mommy!"

Smack! Smack!

"That's for being a naughty boy and wanting naughty things!" She pushed the guy off her lap and made him stand. He had a red stiffy, his little dick wobbling excitedly, almost like a dog wagging his tail.

The girls around them laughed and cheered.

"What do we say to mommy?"

"Thank you, mommy, for disciplining me." The guy pulled up his pants and leaned for a kiss. The redhead turned him around and smacked him one last time on his buttocks. "Who's next?" She hollered, then pointed at Kevin. "You! Hot stuff! Come here you little tease. You've been bad."

"I'm good," Kevin raised his hands. "I'm a good boy."

"You look naughty!"

"I always sleep with my hands above the covers."

"Like all the good boys?"

"Except when I masturbate."

"Still." The redhead bit her lip. "A little spanking never hurt anyone."

"That sounds suspiciously false."

"Come on, Kev, be a sport," Ginger slapped his ass.

"It' too much like a frat party, only we're the girls getting molested. Hey, wait a minute." Kevin scratched his head. "'Sluts Fest'? We're the sluts, right? The guys? I thought that meant...how stupid of me."

Ginger laughed. "Why not? When frat bros do it, they're just studs sowing their oats. When futanari do it, they're sexual predators."

"It's not a 'who's a bigger douchebag' competition, Ginger."

"There were three sexual assaults reported this year in frat houses on this campus alone. How many sexual assaults were reported in futa sororities? "

"Thirty?"

"None, Kevin." she pulled him over, her hands running freely over his body, making him hard.

"I wanna report one," he kissed her lips.

"You assaulted me."

"Paradise room!" Someone shouted.

"What's that?" Kevin said.

"The local version of seven minutes in heaven." Ginger nibbled his ear.

"Seven minutes in heaven? Are you thirteen?"

"Don't you wanna play?"

Kevin pulled her for a kiss, sending his tongue exploring and acquainting himself with every corner of her mouth.

Ginger pulled him along to a large group assembled in a circle. A fishbowl filled with notes sat on a tall stool. The redheaded futa who had just played spanking momma swayed her hips as she vamped and circled the bowl. She made a great show of pulling a note.

"Andrei." She read. "He's being drilled right now by Kisha, I'll draw another."

"The rules say one draw," Megan shouted from a nearby couch.

"I like a fresh ass." The redhead tossed the note and pulled another from the bowl. People booed around her and threw empty cups, as well as some that were not so empty.

"Okay, okay. Kevin!" She read the name. "You, hot stuff!" She pointed at Kevin. "Seems like you're getting momma's treatment after all."

Kevin panicked.

"What are you trying to pull? Your note says Dan," Megan laughed.

"You're such a party pooper, Megan." The redhead got another round of laughter, and stuff thrown in her general direction. "Dan?"

"Right here!" A tall, striking albino boy with blue eyes raised his hand.

"Which part of heaven do you want me to give you?"

"The hardest part."

Everyone laughed as the pair left the party, going upstairs, probably to the girl's room. Megan stepped next to the bowl. "My turn." She pulled a note and her eyes rounded when she read the name. "What do you know? I got you, Kevin." People laughed, but Megan flipped the note and showed everyone that it indeed held Kevin's name.

"That's not me, I didn't put my name in there," Kevin said.

"We did it for you."

"So considerate."

"Come on, sunshine, which part of heaven do you want me to give you?"

"Thanks, but I was already sexually harassed earlier, I'm kinda full."

"Come on," Ginger said and surprised him when she pushed him towards Megan.

"I'm a super athlete." Megan winked at him. "I've got lungs like you wouldn't believe."

"Nice pitch, but I'll pass."

"What are you doing?" Ginger whispered furiously behind him.

"Nothing, if that's okay with you. I don't want to make out with her."

"Don't be an asshole."

"Hey, he said he doesn't want to," Megan pretended that she was cool, but it was clear that she took some offense. "Don't push him, Ginger. We're not a frat house; no means no."

"Just a second." Ginger pulled Kevin's hand and dragged him behind her. She pulled him through the entrance into the garden, to a secluded corner.

"What the fuck are you trying to do?" At first, Kevin thought she pulled him outside because she wanted some piece of heaven herself. However, her face was furiously red. "Are you trying to fuck this up for me on purpose?"

"What?"

"I told you I need this. I have one semester left till my diploma. One. This is my last chance to be an Alpha Pi Alpha."

"What do you want me to do?"

"Cut the prude act."

"Should I go and make out with her, so you'll be everybody's favorite girl?"

"Yes!"

"What if she wants me to suck her cock or something, is that cool too?"

"What's the big fucking deal?"

He stared at her bug-eyed. "Are you for real, Ginger?"

"That's the first time they invited me to one of their parties. I can't fuck up this one-time opportunity."

"If they invited you, then they must think you're Alpha Pi Alpha material, though based on what I've seen tonight I'm not sure that's a compliment."

Ginger snorted. "They only invited me because I showed them the video I have with you in it."

"What did you tell them about me?"

"That you're not a killjoy."

He shook his head. "Another slut for the Sluts' Fest? No means yes, yes means anal?"

"What's the fucking big deal?"

"I thought you liked me, Ginger."

"I do." She tried to pull him for a kiss, but he pushed her away.

"I'm getting mixed signals. You want me, and you want me to suck Megan's and Sharon's dick, so they'll let you into their jet-set sisterhood."

"What's the big deal?"

"Really?"

"I saw you a few weeks ago in a club, giving a stage act, sucking dick like a pro to some girl that was definitely not Diana."

Kevin felt his entire body catching fire from the humiliation. "I didn't want to do it."

"That's why you deep throated and kissed her cock like a pro?"

"So that's what you told them. The neighborhood bike, Kevin, is coming to town," he said in a quiet voice. "Why the hell did you talk to me in the first place if you thought I'm a skank? I mean, I thought you wanted me for something more than a fuck-and-chuck."

"Come on, Kev, it's not a big deal. I thought we could hook up; have some fun. Let's, you know, Yolo. Be nice to Megan, and I'll make it worthwhile to you. Trust me; I'm gonna give you a night to remember."

"I'm not a slut, Ginger."

"Think of it as an opportunity to move up a little. Hang out with different people than losers like Mike."

"Mike is not a loser."

"Five years for a three years diploma? Come on. All he cares about is his weed and pretending he'll ever perform anywhere else than his cousin's bar."

"You know what, Ginger? I don't need you to treat my friends and me like dirt, I've got Diana for that. If you want to move up in life so bad, maybe you should go and suck her dick." Kevin turned around and left her standing under the Athena statue. She called him, but he started running, and she was too drunk, and he was too fast.

---

"Tell me what you think," Helen said to William.

Her boss, fifty years old, grey-haired but still very handsome, sighed, and searched his table for his reading glasses. Helen noted that his wife's picture was missing from his desk. Maybe the rumors about them had a grain of truth? The other picture of him and his three stunning daughters on a fishing trip still stood in its regular place. All three kids were futanari despite the fact that Carmela, William's wife, wasn't a futa. It was a rare but possible occurrence. It meant both William and his wife carried futanari genes. His eldest daughter, a famous model, held high a huge seabass in the picture. It always seemed to Helen that there was something haughty and cruel about her expression in that picture.

William donned his reading glasses and scanned the list of invoices. "What am I looking at here?"

"Invoices for ElasticDatica; a big data BI company."

"Aren't we using Informatic and Big-Insights?"

"Usually, but sometimes we use the services of smaller players." Helen's stomach sent her a painful message. She had to lean on her boss's desk.

"Are you okay?" William said.

"Yeah."

"You look pale."

"Just a little stomach ache. Anyway, this analysis that we supposedly paid for? I looked for it in the Kibana and couldn't find none of the reports."

"Ask IT to help you."

"Already did. The analysis doesn't exist. It's like we're paying for bogus work. It's small amounts. Twenty-five grand here, another fifteen there. But it's a weird pattern."

"What's weird about it?"

"The original invoices were created using MS-Word. It's like someone faked them."

"Weird. Who ordered this Big Data Analytics from what's-their-name?"

"ElasticDatica? It was Marianne's team."

"Could be a mistake. I'll ask Marianne on Monday." He took off his glasses. "I called you because we have a bigger issue on our hands." William pointed to an envelope sitting on his desk.

"What's that?"

"Sarah Flores' resignation letter."

"What?" Helen raised her voice.

"My reaction exactly when she gave it to me two hours ago."

"What? Why?"

"She wouldn't say. Personal issues."

"She's been working for you-"

"For twenty-five years. From the day I created this company. She was one of the original five founders."

"Wow."

"Something fishy is going on around here, Helen. That's the third VP to resign in two months. Can't be a coincidence. If someone is out there headhunting my best people, I need to know about it. Has anyone contacted you, Helen?"

"What? No!"

"Well, someone is making a move out there."

Helen shrugged. "That doesn't make any sense, William. The market is still crappy. Companies have been downsizing for two years. No one is recruiting; certainly not headhunting."

"We need to find out what's going on."

"What we need is a new CFO."

He sighed deeply. "If it were up to me, I would promote Bernard, but the board will never go with it. Damn, that new bitch, Suzan, sometimes I think she's just there to sabotage. I know that you're already swamped, Helen, but I'll need your help recruiting and interviewing. You know, sift the grain from the chaff."

Helen flinched. She hated interviewing because it involved mind games and lies that she wasn't skilled with, plus she always felt bad when she had to disqualify a candidate. "Sure thing. Do you want me to continue with the invoices?"

"What I want you to do is go home. It's nine pm, and you look awful."

"It's just a little stomach ache."

"Helen, during the five years that I've known you, you've never taken a day off or called sick even once. Go home. You need to be in bed. That's an order, Marine!"

---

An owl hissed somewhere above him but other than that, in the Alpha Pi Alpha garden tranquility reigned. In the sorority house the lights were off, but outside, someone forgot to turn off the blue orbs of light that decorated the entrance. They looked like jellyfishes, glowing in the dark, and reminded Kevin of a night dive with his mom. For the millionth time since her death, he wished he could just call her. For a minute, nothing greedy, just to hear her voice. She always knew what to do.

He almost called Helen, because her calm had the same effect on him, but stopped himself at the last minute because he didn't want to wake her up.

He thought he'd be spending the night in Ginger's bed, and now he had nowhere to go. So, he leaned against the Athena statue, melancholic, and stared at the half-crazed moon. His stomach made funny sounds, as he didn't eat yesterday. There was a diner on the campus premises called Black Bear that served shitty cheap food twenty-four seven. He thought he should hang in there until morning, instead of in this dark garden, and maybe get something to appease his stomach complaints.

Kevin wrote a check to his dad at the beginning of the week, and he had to manage with what little was left in his wallet until payday. To his surprise, his wallet was empty. Then he remembered giving Ginger his last hundred-dollar bill for the party fee, and that he forgot to ask for change. He rummaged through the wallet pockets and found fifty cents. What now?

"Heads, I quit my studies, and go back home. Tails, I crawl back to Diana. If it lands on its edge, I'll join the circus."

He flipped the coin, it flew up and didn't land. Great, now even gravity had something against him.

"Heads or tails?"

Kevin turned around. Megan Foster stood above him, holding his coin. She wore a flowery nightdress. Her blonde hair was washed and tied with a yellow band. "What the hell are you doing here?"

"Chillin'."

"Here?"

"Everybody got to be someplace, no?"

"Are you crying, Kevin?"

"I'm an idiot."

"What?"

"I'm the stupidest, most gullible idiot ever."

"Why?" She sat beside him on the grass.

"I was a happy nobody a month ago. Now I'm a famous slut."

"Noooo." She put her hand around him, and he didn't push her off because her touch was warm and comforting.

"At least everyone in Alpha Pi Alpha thinks so, and the rest of the campus will be up to date with the news in a week."

"Nobody cares if you are, Kev. It's the twenty-first century."

"I care."

"You shouldn't. You know, everyone tonight said that you're the hottest, cutest thing that they ever saw. Flip your perspective, and you might find there are some perks. You know what they say when life gives you lemons..."

"Only people who never made lemonade say that. For lemonade, you need lemons, sugar, water, and motivation, which I lack."

She laughed. "You are cute. For what it's worth, considering everything that happened today, I think Ginger is full of shit."

"She said I'm easy, didn't she?"

"She hinted that you might be promiscuous."

Kevin smirked. "Oh yeah, I bet she said 'promiscuous'. Give it to me clean, Megan, I'm not a baby."

"She said that one beer is all it takes to turn you into a futanari cock-sucking machine."

"Awesome! Now I get all the hints, and why Sharon took me for a tour."

"No, she would have done it anyway. She thinks she's irresistible. Look, Ginger acted like an asshole, no reason to shed tears over it." She rose and offered him her hand. "And why are you in here anyway? You need a lift home?"

"Just passing the time 'til sunrise."

"You don't have a place to sleep tonight?"

"Nah, and I'm good, thanks."

"Wanna crash at my place?"

He stared at her.

"Come on, don't give me that stiff upper lip nonsense. There's no shame in accepting help when you need it. My sister won't be coming until tomorrow, and I have a free bed."

"Thanks."

---

"Goodnight, purple eyes, don't let the bedbugs bite."

"Night."

Kevin was tucked inside the comfortable bed and was grateful that he didn't have to spend the night outside. The bedsheets were clean and smelled faintly of soap. It sure beat the itchy mattress on Mike's floor. Megan was about to turn off the night lamp when the room's door opened. A traveling bag flew through the air and hit Kevin's head.

"Ouch!"

"What the fuck?" Ashley, Megan's twin sister and the captain of the basketball team, stood in the doorway. "There's someone in my bed, Megan!"

"You said you'd be coming tomorrow."

"It doesn't mean you can rent my bed, fuckwit. You, get the fuck off!"

"Sorry." Kevin jumped out of bed. He wore nothing but his shorts.

"Wow." Ashley opened her mouth wide. "Are you my Christmas present for being a good girl?"

"No."

"Get back in."

"Shit! Sorry about that, Kevin" Megan said. "Uhh...you can sleep with me."

"No, no, no, you can sleep with me, cutie! Sorry I startled you," Ashley said. "Me and my big fucking mouth! Get back into my bed. Please, please, please!"

Kevin crawled into Megan's bed, and the athletic girl turned on her side, leaving ample space for his slim body. Nonetheless, her warmth and the smell of her shampoo beckoned, and he moved closer to her back.

"Hey, no touching!" Megan pushed him away.

"I'm not diseased!"

"Still, keep to your side of the bed."

"Did I do something to piss you off?" He sniffed.

"No, just humiliated me in front of everyone when I pulled your name from the bowl." There was genuine hurt in her voice. "You know you could have just taken me upstairs, and we could have just pretended. You didn't have to treat me like I have leprosy."

"Fuck! Sorry, I didn't think-"

"That ugly girls have feelings too?"

"You're not ugly, Megan."

"Sure."

Kevin raised his head and looked at her profile in the weak night lamp's yellow light. Calling her pretty was a lie, and saying 'cute' would stretch the truth. On a blind date sales' pitch, guys would say stuff like, 'she's got a great personality.' Her blonde hair was mousy, and her mouth was too big. Her long body had zero fat, including in the chest area; where she was almost flat. Every part of her body was tight, her muscles long and her long powerful legs were made for covering long distances.

"I'm so sorry, Megan. I was an asshole, and you were nice even though I was an asshole."

"Forget about it; go to sleep."

He touched her shoulder.

"I said don't touch me. You had your chance earlier."

He moved closer and kissed the back of her neck.

She elbowed him. "Watch it, buster! I said no!"

"Why?"

"I don't take pity sex."

"How about fun sex?"

"No!"

"I need pity sex," Ashley called from her bed. "I don't give a fuck! Pity sex, mercy sex, emergency sex. I need whatever you got!"

"Shut the fuck up, Ashley!" Megan growled.

Kevin shifted, and sat upright on his knees.

Megan turned on her back. "That trick won't work."

"What trick?" He leaned closer, his face close to hers. His big purple eyes wide open, devouring her.

Megan felt her mouth go dry. "That trick."

"Do you remember?" Kevin whispered so Ashley won't hear. "Do you remember a time when you wanted something, and when you got it, it turned out to be something else entirely? Do you remember being confused and feeling sorry for yourself, enough to trample other peoples' feelings?"

"Feeling sorry for yourself doesn't give you an excuse to crap on other people."

"I know. I'm honestly sorry." He kissed her lips, and this time she didn't push him away, nor did she open her mouth to receive him. He kissed the crevice of her neck and Megan moaned, but she kept her lips together, so it came out sounding more like a low humming sound. Her body tensed up, and she closed her eyes.

Kevin ran his hands up the front of her thighs, gliding up to briefly cup her breasts. Megan gave a halfhearted attempt to push him away, but he sucked her fingers and licked each one.

"Wow," Ashley said.

Kevin turned the lamp off.

"Turn it on, I'm afraid of the dark," Ashley said.

"She's an idiot," Megan said loud enough for her sister to hear. "Ignore her."

"She's cute, and so are you. And I think you're pretty, Megan."

"Because it's dark."

"Because you smile a lot and it makes everyone around you feel comfortable." Kevin pulled her nightdress over her hips and ass. She was wearing a cute pair of lacy boy-short panties underneath, which he peeled lovingly down her thighs.

Megan began to lift her nightdress, but Kevin stopped her. "Let me," he whispered.

He pushed her dress up and kissed her stomach lightly, then turned on the light. "I just had to see," he said. "I thought I had great abs, but you're like a gym commercial with that six-pack."

"My abs are way better," Ashley said. "Some of my abs are so abby, they have abs of their own, and even they are better than her abs."

"Shut the fuck up, already!" Megan shouted.

Kevin laughed and turned the light off again. He slid his fingertips into the waistband of her panties, and pulled them down. He kissed her toned stomach, then licked the underside of her boobs. He heard her gasp. Her hand reached, hesitating for a moment, before she began stroking his hair.

He peeled her dress and lifted it over her head. Megan wasn't the assertive, loving domination that was Nadine, and she wasn't the narcissistic violence that was Diana. He felt her heart flutter like a scared rabbit under his seeking hands.

"I want you," he whispered.

"Okay," she huffed. "What now?"

"Whatever feels good." He let his right-hand wander down the flat of Megan's stomach until he was lightly cupping her balls. He knew she was wet; he could smell her sweet musky scent. It turned him on, and he rapidly hardened. He licked between her small mounds, tasting sweat and excitement. He caught one stray drop in his mouth and savored it, before licking up towards her neck.

"Oh fuck," Megan moaned. The feeling of Kevin's tongue, strong, yet soft. Her body, like a great violin, sang its music. She heaved instinctively and dry humped his leg. "Fuck! Oh, Kevin!"

From the next bed, Ashley wasn't talking, but she was breathing hard. Kevin played with her voyeurism, surprised by how excited he was.

He sucked on Megan's tiny tit. It was teardrop-shaped, and sat high and firm on Megan's chest. It was soft, but firm and perky. Tenderly, softly, Kevin began kissing the pliant flesh in a circle, from its top to the underside, letting his tongue trail around in between his kisses. Creating smaller and smaller circles around the nipple. He teased the most sensitive part of Megan's chest by drawing closer and closer, leaving hot spots where his mouth had been to be replaced by the chill of the cold air.

Megan began panting, intoxicated by his soft tongue and skilled mouth. She had a boyfriend in high school and a few sexual encounters on the sports team. None of that even came close. When Ginger showed them Kevin's video, the last thing on her mind was that they'd end up like this.

"Kevin, that's so good!"

She started grinding harder against him. Her rolling hips placing pressure on her cock. Electric jolts sparked from both her cock and her breasts. Megan could feel her release just around the corner, and she was desperate to get there.

Megan's moan turned into a near-shriek as she felt his teeth gently dragging across her breast. He started biting her, and then soothed each vampire kiss with his velvety tongue.

Megan moaned with every move, marveling at how talented Kevin was with his mouth. She shivered as she thought of his talented mouth being applied elsewhere. The image alone almost sent her over the edge.

"Mmmhmm?" Kevin's hand cupped her breast and then eased its way over her stomach. Her member was pointing skyward, as hot as a furnace. It jumped to the lightest touch of his fingers. He played with the tip and felt her wetness. Underneath him, Megan arched her back and moaned.

"Kevin!"

"Shh...let me."

He dove down, and licked the head before wetting it with his lips.

"Oh, fuck," Megan said.

Kevin gave her tip a loving kiss, then sucked the slit, mixing her pre-cum with his saliva. He played with the fluids in his mouth, then let it drool and coat her long cock. Diana taught him the best handjob techniques long ago, but with Diana, it felt like he was always in the middle of an oral exam with a very impenitent professor. She was quick to anger if Kevin failed to follow her directions. Megan was just grateful.

With her cock thoroughly lubed with body fluids, he started rubbing it slowly. Just two fingers and a thumb, up and down, teasing, barely touching. Each time his thumb stroked the sensitive glans' ridge on its way up, Megan jerked and gulped air.

"Like it?" he said.

"Oh, God!"

"I hope he's not looking." Kevin stopped moving his hand and used only his thumb to rub the underside of the glans.

Her leg spasmed and she kicked the air. "I'm..."

"Shhh...not yet." He let go of her cock, and Megan sighed. Kevin blew his hot breath on the cock's head.

"Oh, God." Her cock was hard as steel, and ready to explode.

"Soldiers on deck, ready to be deployed?" Kevin said.

"Fuck."

Kevin applied all five fingers and started jerking her up and down, the fluids making lewd wet sounds against his fingers. His other hand cupped her balls and teased them, goading their cargo. He stopped moving, and her cock jerked wildly in his palm, like a young buck jumping in his pen, anxious for release.

Kevin then flicked his tongue on the cap, slapping it.

Megan promised to herself that she'd make it last forever, or at least for another minute, and then immediately exploded. Fireworks hit her pleasure center, and her balls churned her baby-making milk. The first massive spurt hit Kevin's tongue. When he felt the viscous fluid, he immediately closed his lips around the bulbous cock head. Her cock spasmed and twitched hard, it jerked and pulsed, and then it sprayed the second shot deep into his mouth. The next spurt hit the back of his throat. However, he was no rookie. Even though she filled his mouth to near full capacity, Kevin gulped it down. His mouth was sprayed with more of her fluid. Another spurt and then another followed. Kevin swallowed them with ease, engulfing her cock in his warm, loving mouth, adding an edge to her pleasure and increasing the shockwaves.

Megan's sperm went down Kevin's throat and into his belly. It was slippery, very slick, and a little sweet.

"Ah, fuck, fuck, fuck!"

Megan had a lot stored for him, but he managed not to spill anything. Time after time, she kept squirting more ropes of cum into his mouth, and time after time he gulped, not caring about the loud noises he was making, or her sister who could hear them from the next bed.

Sex was beautiful, and all traces of inhibition from his former life were devoured by Diana. In a sense, all the futa girls who followed her footsteps owed her big-time.

"Oh, god," Ashley said from her bed.

"Oh, sweet Jesus, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!"

There was a lot of worshipping in that bedroom through that powerful orgasm. Megan's cock filled his tummy up with sweet cum. When she stopped shooting, Kevin still didn't drop her from his mouth. He held her cock softly between his lips and nursed on it while she shuddered on the bed.

"Fucking. Wow!" Megan groaned. She reached between her legs and rested her hand on his head as he kept sucking ever so gently on her softening cock.

"That was amazing," she said, and then laughed. "Jesus."

Kevin finally let her cock go. "What do you mean was? We've just begun."

"Yeah, give me a few minutes. Like several hundreds of them, and I'm good to go."

"I thought you were a super-athlete?"

"I'm good to go," Ashley said. "Not insinuating anything. Just, well, you know."

"Shut the fuck up!" Kevin and Megan said, and immediately burst out laughing because they said it in almost perfect sync.

"You two stink, and I hate you both," Ashley said. "Except for you, Melvin, I like you."

"It's Kevin."

"I like you too, Kevin." She waited for a few seconds. "Kevin? Hey there, it's your cue to say you like me too. Much better than you like Megan. In fact, she holds you against your will, and you want me to knock her cold, rescue you and take you into my bed, where you'll reward me for saving you. Kevin? Kevin?"

"He can't talk right now," Megan said. "His mouth is busy."

"Oh, god," Ashley said.

Megan gasped as she felt the tip of her dick press into Kevin's pillowy lips. Her cock pressed against his slick teeth. His tongue slipped out and deliciously licked across her tip. Megan felt electricity run down her spine.

Kevin's teeth parted, and his mouth opened around her cock. She pushed forward slightly, letting her bulbous head press into his mouth. Just as the mushroom tip slipped in, his lips sealed around her, stopping Megan from pushing further.

His tongue, soft and velvety, swirled circles around the tip, and Megan moaned her guttural approval. Only once in her life had she felt so excited; when she stood on the podium's highest level, waiting for the gold medal after she had set a national collegiate record for the 1500-meter run.

He pressed the tip of her cock against the hard roof of his mouth and swirled his tongue around the base of her cock.

Megan moaned and writhed as she felt his gentle suction. She pushed her cock deeper and immediately pulled out of his mouth because she thought she was too aggressive.

Kevin swirled his tongue around the shaft. "Why'd you pull out?"

"I didn't want to hurt you."

Kevin kissed her cock, then devoured it, and she felt it pressing into the back of his throat. He bathed her cock, lubing her up to go deeper. He then pushed, and she felt her tip slide quickly over the bend into his throat. Deeper it went into that tight pressure sleeve, and Megan's toes curled as a pleasure she didn't know existed overwhelmed her.

"I can't believe how wonderful it is," Megan gasped.

"Oh, shut the fuck up," Ashley said.

She tried to pull out, thinking he needed to breathe, but Kevin clamped down, biting her lightly, but also warning her not to move.

"Oh God, Kevin!" She was rock hard again.

Kevin swallowed, his throat contracted around her and Megan almost lost it. He felt her spasm and pulled out, freeing her cock from its loving prison. The fresh air felt like torture to Megan, and she thrust. But Kevin was already sitting on his haunches.

"I need..." She gasped and tried to rise too, but he pushed her on her back again.

"I need you," he squatted above her and got the head of her cock positioned at his entrance. She sighed and slowly pushed herself. Megan felt the head open up his outer sphincter, then she felt the pressure from the inner ring.

"Oh, Jesus," she sighed. "I'm in."

"Yeah."

Megan paused to adjust to the new sensation. Then she started rocking her hips, little by little, drawing deeper and then pulling back. His tunnel was ecstasy, bathing her cock in heat and pressure. She felt herself sink further into him until his cheeks cushioned her hips.

"This feels so good," she breathed.

Shyly, she reached out in the dark, searched and touched his cock that was rock hard, pointing towards her.

"You feel fantastic, Megan."

She gently rubbed his cock, and could almost feel the sparks flying between her finger tips and his hard member. Her cock was sending her blissful messages from the tight sleeve that locked it.

"Fuck me," he whispered.

She slowly pushed and pulled him, controlling the pace and depth as he rode her cowboy style. Then she felt his palm close on her hand that was holding his cock. Kevin had strong fingers, trained by carrying numerous scuba tanks almost daily. His fingers closed around her palm, and together they pumped his hard member.

Megan started thrusting inside him, pushing up, her powerful leg muscles almost lifting him off the bed. Her breath now came in grunts, timed with her rocking. They started to slam into each other.

"Oh, fuck yes," she groaned. Their hands gave his cock a workout just as Kevin's rectum gave her cock a workout.

"That's it, baby," he encouraged.

She increased her pace, bucking like a bull below Kevin, her trained body easily lifting him alongside her, rearranging his insides. She thrust more boldly now. Her cock scraped the inside of his tunnel and Kevin gasped as she started massaging and hitting his g-spot. Megan felt herself melting inside of him. Her hips wouldn't stop moving now, even if she commanded them to.

"I'm gonna cum soon," she panted. Small pinpricks of sweat broke out on her skin. She pushed and twisted. Her cock was on fire.

Kevin reached behind him and gave a light squeeze to her heavy balls.

"Oh God!"

Kevin squeezed again, her muscles tensed, then he clenched his ass cheeks around her hot member and Megan found herself beyond the point of no return.

"I'm cumming!" she yelled, and rammed into him, lifting Kevin up in the air. Her voice dissolved into guttural grunts and moans as she came, hard. While Kevin's ass squeezed around her cock, she thrusted with abandon deep inside him, shooting and painting his insides with white cream.

Her shriek of delight hit his pleasure center, and he held onto her hand and started spraying her abs with his own seed.

The next several minutes were hazy for both of them. There were grunts and a mindless orgasm, followed by deep lustful kissing.

At last, Kevin tore himself off her softening member and lay down on his back, panting.

"Wow." Megan stared at the ceiling, still not entirely down from the cloud she was floating on.

Ashly started clapping from the bed next to them.

"Don't mind her, she's not really family," Megan said.

"Yes I am," Ashly said.

"Mom and dad didn't have the heart to tell you this, but you're adopted. We found you in a trashcan," Megan panted.

"I'm your identical twin."

"Hey," Kevin kissed her neck.

"What, baby?"

"I need... I need..." He pulled her to him and buried his body in her warmth.

"Whatever you need."

"I think I need this." He kissed her neck and snuggled deeper into her. "I need a girlfriend. A real girlfriend."

"Oh?"

"Do you have anything planned for 2017 to 2070?"

To be continued...

You know the drill. I write the story, and you guys punch the stars (hopefully he 5 and not the 1) to show me you care.

I come here every couple of days and read your comments. I enjoy them (especially the ones not calling me rape advocating asshole). Plus I use them as reference and change stuff along the way (like how I stopped mentioning Big Bird because enough people said it sucked, and not in a good way). Your words do have an impact on my writing, and I thank anyone who took the time to post their input.

Chapter 6 is already done and awaits editing

Hope to post again soon



Family Issues Ch. 06
byallthatisfuta©

Again, I have to apologise for the time it takes to produce each chapter. It's a hobby and it takes time which I sometimes lack. Plus, for my editing, I rely on the goodwill and the free time of generous people like Madison (ThanatopicFolds). Sometimes it accumulates.

Anyway, here we go.

Note: All characters in this story are of legal age. All of the characters are well over eighteen years of age.

$$$$$$$$$$$$

Megan Frost had a sweet dream about a beautiful guy with purple eyes who was giving her head. His soft mouth was wrapped gently around her shaft, and his skillful tongue did magic tricks on her glans. She opened a single eye, opened its partner, yawned happily, lifted her blanket, and discovered that a beautiful guy with purple eyes had his lips around her cock. Kevin blinked like an owl when exposed to the light, then his big purple eyes smiled.

"Hmmm...good morning," Megan said.

He let go of her cock, but not before he gave it a loving kiss. "It's almost noon."

She shrugged. "It's Sunday. I have practice in an hour but fuck it. Don't let me disturb you, by the way."

"God forbid." He licked his lips, then grabbed her hard member and inserted it into his mouth. His tongue circled the glans, slowly. He then dipped his tongue into her cock slit and started fucking it with his tongue, using short strokes.

"Oh, fuck!"

On the opposite bed, Ashley stirred. She stretched and yawned, then stretched some more, then kicked her blanket off. "Oh, for fuck's sake," she groaned. Her nightdress looked like a teepee, the fabric stretched.

"Had some nice dreams, little sister?" Megan said.

"The best," Ashley groaned. "Fuck! I dreamed you had amazing sex with a super-hot guy. Must have been a dream, because ugly dogs like you don't get to party with guys like him."

"We're identical tweens."

"Speaking of which, where is Melvin?" Ashley yawned.

"Who?"

"The little cutie who was here last night."

"Kevin? He's goooonnnnnne!" Megan shrieked because Kevin took a gently bite out of her erect cock.

"He's there under the blanket, isn't he?" Ashley said.

"No."

"I can see his head bobbing."

"Oh, yeah..." Megan folded her hands under her head, and her smile brightened the room. It could have brightened the entire northern hemisphere had anyone bothered to plug her into the electricity grid.

"I hate you," Ashley said.

"Ashley, there's sixty percent less blood in my brain right now, because it's all going elsewhere. So, I see your mouth moving, but all I hear is 'Blah, blah, blah, blah...'"

"I fucking hate you." Ashley jumped out of bed. "I'm going to take a shower and take care of this." She pointed at the tent in her nightdress. "Alone! I hope you're happy."

"Blah, blah, blah, blah."

Ashley lifted the hem of her dress, farted loudly in her sister's direction, and ran outside the room.

"Oh, fuck you Ashley! Ugh!" Megan opened the room's window and dived under the covers.

"What happened?" Kevin said.

"My sister stopped her mental development when she was six is what happened. Don't go outside just yet if you don't want your nose to melt."

"Wasn't planning to." Kevin licked her shaft all the way to her balls. He kissed both orbs and then swallowed them.

"Oh!" Megan grabbed the sheets and closed her eyes. "I'm...be tender, lover boy."

Kevin started humming as he played with the fleshy orbs in his mouth. His vocal cords sent vibrations that tingled from her testicles, all the way to the tip of her cock. He used his tongue to massage her balls and to roll them gently in his mouth. In his right hand, he held the fleshy rod and played with the tip and the slit, dragging his thumb in circles around the saliva-lubed head.

He dug the fingers of his free hand in her muscled thigh, kneading, and trailed them along the crevice of her toned ass. He lightly touched her starfish, rubbing the elastic ring of her opening, and Megan jumped.

"Jesus, Kevin, you're..."

"Whaa?" He said with his mouth full.

"Fucking amazing!"

The tip of his tongue stabbed her delicate flesh, and Megan gasped.

"I think the danger of getting gas poisoning is reduced." She pulled the covers and tasted the air. "Yep."

Kevin swirled his tongue around her testicles, and she moaned. He let them plop out of his mouth, then pursed his lips and swallowed her cock.

Megan lifted the covers, causing Kevin to blink again in the light.

"Hey, beautiful."

Kevin lips smiled around her cock. 'Eye contact' was Diana's number one rule. 'Always keep eye contact when you swallow my Big Bird. I want to see those purple eyes adoring me.' He stared at her intensely, and Megan smiled.

She had never seen anything so obscene, yet so lovely. Kevin's lips, darkened by saliva, stretched around her cock, and those mesmerizing purple orbs were looking at her lovingly. Kevin made her feel that she was doing him a favor, as if sucking on her cock was some pinnacle of his. He made her feel wanted and lusted for, whereas Megan Foster was used to guys treating her like a second choice, or a fifth.

"Hey." She caressed his cheek. "You're amazing."

Kevin gave her a wink and took a deep dive. She was the same length as Diana, but slimmer in girth, so he had no problem taking her into his throat.

"Ohhhh."

He engulfed her cock in wet heat. His throat muscles contracted around her. Down he went, and still, his beautiful eyes kept hypnotizing her.

She blinked and bit her lips.

Kevin pulled all the way up, making an obscene slurping sound. Her cock left his lips, only for Kevin to immediately gobble it again. His lips scraped the tender skin, and the pressure sleeve of his throat sent her deep into the tunnel of joy.

He dove deeper this time. His upper lip brushed against Megan's blonde pubes, while his lower lip teased her balls. Every millimeter of her cock was snuggled lovingly into his throat. Still, it wasn't enough. Kevin kept going. Using his fingers, he gently pulled while his lips swallowed her ball sack. He looked like a pelican who consumed a fish two sizes too big.

"Oh, my, God." Megan began nudging him away.

He stared at her, questioning, his mouth still glued to her shaft.

"Take it out...I wanna..." she huffed.

Reluctantly, he let her slide out of his mouth. "Too much?"

"I...I want...I just want to return the favor." She crawled under the covers and grabbed his naked cock. It was rock hard. Kevin was having the time of his life, giving her pleasure. She was taller, and needed to flex a little. Imitating him, she gave his cock a loving kiss, then licked the underside.

She'd never sucked a cock before. She'd never been face to face with another person's dick before. But Kevin's cock looked just as beautiful as the rest of him. She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue, licking the tip. Kevin's body shuddered.

"It's salty," she said, and Kevin laughed.

Kevin pressed his lips against the tip before him, kissing it. Megan kissed his tip. Kevin licked a circle around her glans. Megan licked a ring around his. He kissed her cock like you might kiss a lover, lips pressed hard against the slit. Megan was fast to follow.

"Alright!"

He kissed through the entire length from the tip to the balls. It became a competition of cock kissing, both trying to outdo each other until Kevin burst out laughing.

"I won," she said.

"You're very competitive."

"You think?"

Megan opened wider, and slid his cock into her waiting mouth. It was a powerful feeling, making another person shudder with lust. He was hot, and she could feel his pulse as his cock came to life in her mouth. She bathed Kevin's dick with her tongue. Kevin gobbled her cock, mewing his content.

Their heads started bobbing in synch. Megan's cock was sliding in and out of his mouth, and his cock was sliding in and out of hers. The room filled with the scent of their arousal and the sounds of slurping. The wave of ecstasy swelled to the tunes of a lust symphony. Beethoven couldn't have composed it better.

Kevin was the first to burst. His spurt landed on her tongue, surprising her. She pulled out, and allowed it to spill freely on the bed. She then shuddered, moaned, and came deep in his throat. Her body convulsed as she squirted time and time again deep inside him, moaning with lust. He kept her in his mouth long after she stopped pulsing inside him. He let the soft member plop out of his mouth, but even then, he kissed it fondly and licked it clean. Megan gave satisfied mewls, and shivered a little each time his tongue brushed her spent cock. When he was finally done, she pulled him over and hugged him tightly, kissing his forehead.

"You won that round," she said.

"Not everything is a competition."

"I've never given head before. You just surprised me when you started...you know. It's warm."

"Because you ejaculate Pepsi on ice?"

Megan laughed. "You like futanari cock, don't you?"

"I like the person attached to it."

-

Most memories are blurred. We forget names, faces, and most details of our childhood as we grow, and new events replace the old. It's a blessing of sorts to some people. However, some defining moments stay fresh even fifteen years later.

Helen was thirteen.

Her mother was out on a date. She believed the guy her mom was out with, a redheaded navy officer, was Diana's father, but she wasn't sure. Her mother never told her daughters who their real dads were, and never demanded any of the numerous lovers she took to her bed to take responsibility for the girls.

Helen sat alone in the kitchen, partially watching TV, partially solving a math problem. Her teacher, Mrs. Rodriguez, promised she'd buy special chocolate for the student who could solve an intricate math riddle about kids and houses, and which kid lives in which house. Helen excelled in math and loved Mrs. Rodriguez. She could almost taste the rich chocolate on her taste buds, and her stomach made a funny sound. Her mom ordered a pizza before she left, but it came cold, and something red and sticky was spilled on it. Helen was too shy to say anything to the delivery guy, so eight slices lay orphaned on the kitchen table like shamed futanari kids that no one wants to play with.

She heard a sound from her mother's bedroom.

"Diana?"

Nothing.

Maybe a thief?

Heart racing, Helen tiptoed to the bedroom, careful not to step on the lines between the tiles, because it was bad luck.

The room was dark. Helen turned around and then heard the sound again. Like a little kitten that was stuck in a deep hole, crying for its mom.

"Hey, why aren't you asleep, Didi?"

Diana's slim form was hunched to a tight ball under their mother's feather comforter. Her small palms covered her eyes, and she was sobbing.

"What happened, Didi?" She sat down and hugged her sister from behind.

"Robert King." There was a heart-breaking sob, one that only a ten-year-old can make. "Robert King punched me today."

"He's in middle school."

"He picks on his stupid brother every day, so they let him in. And he's always mean." Diana wiped her tears on Helen's sleeve. "He always bullies me. He calls me a 'hand-me-downs' girl, and 'ugly', and 'futa-freak'. I don't know why. I don't know why. Why is he so mean to innocent kids? I never did anything to him."

"Some people are like that. Some people feel bad about themselves, so they pick on someone weaker."

"Why?"

"It makes them feel good, I guess."

"Are we poor, Helen?"

"Kind of."

"One day, I'm gonna be rich. Then I won't have to force my daughter to wear her older sister's clothes, and the other kids won't make fun of her."

"Don't you worry about Robert King, Didi, I'll go talk to him tomorrow."

Diana turned and stared at her wide-eyed. "He's a bully."

"I ain't afraid of him. If he tries anything funny..." Helen winked and kissed Diana's nose. Her little sister gave her a look that was borderline worshiping. It was almost worth all the heartache that would follow.

Some memories just latch.

Helen stared into Diana's dark eyes, trying to find remnants of that stare from fifteen years ago, and shuddered. When did the chasm between them become so deep?

"You look like shit," Diana said.

"Thanks. I feel like shit. I have a fever, and my stomach is killing me." She tried to eat the omelette she just made, and bile came up. It tasted nothing like the Mushroom and Goat Cheese Omelettes Kevin used to make, and she wasn't hungry anyway. "I think I might call in sick tomorrow."

"Cool." Diana picked the rest of the omelette from the pan and swallowed it in one go. She wore a blue strappy mini dress. It was the first time Helen saw her dress up since Kevin left almost two weeks ago.

"Going out?" Helen said.

"Yup."

"Good."

"What's so good?" Diana squinted her eyes.

"You've been depressed since he left. It's good to change the atmosphere."

"You didn't talk to him today." Diana didn't ask; she stated a fact.

"With Kevin? What do you mean?"

"You talk with him every day. Today you didn't."

"How can you tell?"

"Because you're transparent, Helen."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means that all you care about is your selfish self."

Maybe she needs to see a doctor? The last time she was ill was four years ago. She didn't see a doctor then; she hated doctors. "Did I do anything to you, Diana?"

"He still owes you a shitload of money. You could have forced him to come back. Easily."

"By threatening him again? Diana, that thing I did that night, giving him an ultimatum so he would be with you until he caved because he didn't have another choice? That was the ugliest thing that I ever did in my life, and I've been to a nasty war. I'll never do anything like that to him or anyone else again; not even if you'll say I'm selfish."

Diana shrugged. "Doesn't matter. He's coming back."

"What?"

"Can I borrow two hundred bucks?"

"I have maybe fifty. Take my credit card. What do you mean coming back? Are you sure?"

Diana shrugged. "He's my boyfriend, and he's coming back." She rummaged through Helen's purse, found the wallet and took out the credit card. "Go see a doctor; you look like shit, Helen." She turned to leave.

"Wait, Diana, sit down."

"I'm already late."

"This will only take a minute."

"Another time."

"Sit down, Diana, now!" Helen projected her voice like she learned in her officer training.

Diana turned and stared at her. She wasn't used to being ordered around, especially by her bigger sister.

"Sit! There is something that needs to be said. We should have had this conversation a long time ago, but...sit down!"

Diana took a seat across the table from her. Her eyes were so cold that Helen wished she could just slap her out of her indifference.

Helen closed her eye, fighting a tear that was coming up. "I'm going to say something to you, and you need to take it seriously."

"What?"

"I've seen you grow up, and I've seen you treat people like shit; me included. I don't know why you are like this but believe me when I say that I've never stopped loving you. You're my little sister, and the only person I've got in this world."

Diana smirked.

"Maybe Kevin is coming back. I hope he does."

"He's coming back."

"If you ever raise your hand to him again-"

"I didn't."

Helen shook her head. "Just this once, be a grownup and take responsibility for your actions. I beg you."

"I don't have to listen to this." Diana rose.

"Sit!" Helen barked. "I'm not done."

Diana's face contorted into a snarl, but she sat down.

"If you ever raise your hand to him again, then you and I are through. There won't be any excuses. You won't be able to hide behind your drinking issues. The day you do that again, you'll pack your bags and move out of here. It breaks my heart to say this, don't think for a moment that it doesn't. It also breaks a promise that I gave mom when she was on the last stages of her disease, to always take care of you." Helen paused, and drank some water.

Diana looked stunned.

"Do whatever it takes, Diana. Anger Management. Go to rehab again. Whatever it takes. I'll pay. But you'll never raise your hand to him in my house again."

-

From outside the window came sounds of laughter, some sorority girls playing soccer on the grass. Kevin wanted to go down and join the fun. He jerked his head, trying to extract water from his ear. Megan snuck him into the sorority house's bathroom earlier and was now taking a shower herself. On her bed, Ashley devoured his athletic body with her eyes, not even trying to be inconspicuous about it.

"What's long and thick, goes into your mouth and has cum in it?" She suddenly said.

"A cucumber." Kevin rubbed his ass. "Sometimes cock. By the way, some kids from the fifth grade called earlier; they want their jokes back."

"Yeah? Some people called from the stupid shop earlier, they want...they want...damn it!"

"Bummers, you had a great punchline coming there before it died, I could feel it. We should bow our heads in respect for a minute."

"Don't be a jerk."

"You started it."

"I'm ending it." She sat down on the bed and stuck out her tongue at him, but then she frowned and started unpacking her bag aggressively.

"Hey, what's wrong?" His voice lost its edge.

"What?"

"What's eating you?"

"Nothing."

"Yeah, right."

"It's just..." she looked at the door.

"I won't tell Megan."

"It's just...never mind."

"I'm a good listener."

"Okay, let me tell you a story, and you'll make of it whatever you want."

Kevin nodded and sat down on the bed beside her.

Ashley stared at him, surprised for a moment. "Um..."

"A story?"

"Yeah, yeah, you got me confused with too much purple. Well, once upon a time, there was this beautiful sweet girl named Ashlin."

"Ashlin?"

"Don't interrupt! Ashlin," Ashley nodded. "And the beautiful girl had an ugly identical twin sister named Segan."

"Ashlin and Segan. Sounds Danish. Interesting."

"And even though Segan was only ten minutes older, she was always the big sister, the adult sister, the responsible sister, the one who gets the highest marks at school, sister. Their dad would always say to Ashlin, why can't you be more like Megan?"

"Segan?"

"Yeah. And even though Ashlin was a successful basketball player, it was always, 'wow, look at all the gold medals Segan has.' And when one day, Segan brought to their room a guy that was way, way out of Segan's and Ashlin's league, little Ashlin was a little, well, a lot, jealous. So she acted like a jerk. But she'll get over it. And stop doing it. I hope."

"Nice story." He kissed her cheek. "And Ashlin is not a jerk; you're sweet and funny when you drop the little girl act."

"She can't drop the little girl act." Megan entered the room, wrapped in a large blue towel. "Because it's not an act."

"Hey, don't be mean," Kevin said.

Megan jumped onto her bed, then reached across the room and pulled Kevin's towel with a sudden jerk.

Kevin shrieked, butt naked, and dived into Megan's bed, covering himself. Megan cuddled him in her arms.

"Oh, for fuck's sake," Ashley said. "You're not starting again, are you?"

"Why the hell not?" Megan nibbled on Kevin's ear. "And you can be a good sister for once and give us some privacy."

"You can be an even better sister for once, Segan, and not kick her out," Kevin said.

"Are you on her side now?" Megan stopped kissing him.

"I'm hungry now." Kevin pulled his shorts up. "How about instead of you two fighting like cats, even though it's super sexy, I make us all something to eat? There's a kitchen downstairs, and probably a lot of stuff that remained from the party."

-

The young Asian man in the sexy French maid outfit wiped the dining table and jiggled his buns. He wore garters today, and when he leaned over the table, his mini-skirt rose, and his bubbly butt winked at Diana.



"Wanna take Li Jun for a whoopie?" Nadine nodded towards him.

The young man heard his name, and turned to them with a smile.

"I think he's grown fond of you," Nadine lit a long cigarette. "Can't imagine why."

"Fuck Li Jun!" Diana snarled.

"He would like that."

"No! I mean...fuck that, you know what I mean!"

Nadine blew a cloud of smoke in Diana's face.

"Stop that! I don't want your crappy Lace Boys. I want my boyfriend back. It's your fault that he ran away."

"Mine?"

"You tricked me into doing it with Li Jun and Yu."

"It's everyone's fault. Well, except yours, obviously." Nadine blew another cloud of smoke in Diana's face.

A rubber ball bounced off the table, and hit Diana's head.

"Sorry!" In the corner of the room, one of Nadine's wrestlers was shooting hoops at a mini basketball station, with Nadine's little sister. The giant futanari, nicknamed Madame Hulk, picked up the ball. "Sorry 'bout that." She didn't look particularly sorry. "The girl is still learning." She aimed at the board and threw a perfect arc into the hoop. "Three points."

Iman clapped happily. She picked up the ball, threw it, and almost shattered an expensive-looking vase.

"Very nice, sweetie," Nadine said.

"You said you'd help with Kevin," Diana snarled.

"Did you do what I told you to?"

"Four days ago."

"He should call soon, then," Nadine said.

"Helen would kill me if she found out."

"Why would she even care?"

"My sister didn't even want to use the debt he owes her to bring

him back home."

Nadine put out her cigarette. "The more I hear about your sister, the more I want to meet her. She sounds strong."

"Helen wouldn't give someone like you the time of day. She thinks she's better than everyone else."

Nadine shrugged. "Do you want Kevin back or not?"

"More than anything."

"I'm not sure that you're mature enough to make that decision." Nadine lit another cigarette and offered one to Diana. "I'll call you soon on that debt, asking for something in return."

"I know."

"You're like a little girl, Diana. I know you. You promise things that you never intend to keep. You probably think that you can walk out on your debt, or stab me in the back. Won't happen, darling. We were lovers once, but this is business."

The look Diana gave her was one of pure hate.

"You're too stressed. Take Li Jun for a ride, it'll make you feel better."

"Your Lace Boys don't come close to Kevin."

Nadine's smile had more than a pinch of cruelty. "Don't I know?"

"What?"

"I forgot to mention it, senile old me, but that night you took Yu and Li Jun for a test run, I took Kevin for a long and sweaty one-on-one."

"Fuck off. You're just trying to get under my skin."

"He said I was the best sex he ever had." Nadine stretched her lips over her front teeth and blew smoke rings. "Not that there was any real competition to begin with."

"You're lying."

"Am I? By the way, the feelings were mutual. He's the best sex I ever had."

Diana tensed. For a second she wanted to explode. She'd go medieval on her ex's ass, and to hell with the consequences. Then she reconsidered.

Madame Hulk's eyes were on her the entire time. Maybe basketball with Iman wasn't the only reason she was there? The giant futa watched her with an amused smile smeared all over her face. Jumping Nadine would lead to an obvious outcome.

She tried to relax, and imagined Kevin. Everything about him calmed her violent soul. She felt complete when he was in her arms. She didn't need drugs or clubbing, nor alcohol when they were together. Just his purple eyes and his warmth. Unfortunately, as soon as she formed his willowy body in her mind, she couldn't help but imagine Nadine with her giant dong, pounding him. Now even the thought of Kevin wasn't relaxing.

Another ball hit Diana's head, hard, and she saw stars.

"Can't you tell that retard to play outside?" she snarled.

Nadine smiled. "Follow me, darling; I want to show you something."

"Where to?"

The smile was gone, and Nadine started walking. "Iman, sweetie, you stay here and keep practicing. You're doing great."

"I know." Iman picked the basketball. This time she hit the vase.

Nadine sighed and walked out the door.

Madam Hulk motioned Diana to follow, and Diana realized that following Nadine wasn't optional. The three girls crossed the hall into the main yard, and entered a big garage with several supercars. A raven-haired futanari with a broken nose wearing an oil-stained overall was working on a Pagani Zonda, polishing it.

"Diana, I want you to meet Veronica. Veronica used to be a freighter ship's captain, but now she's responsible for my cars. She makes sure they're always spotless."

Diana stared at Nadine.

"You're asking yourself 'what's Nadine's point', right? The point is that you're stupid, Diana. It took Kevin two minutes to figure me out. You've known me for months, and you're still clueless. See, Veronica here didn't figure me out either. Her job was simple; smuggle Lace Boys from Ukraine and China in containers, and bring them here. It's a complex operation, smuggling sex-workers into this country. Her job, however, was simple. Keep the young men healthy and fed, that's all. But Veronica was greedy."

Diana looked at the girl polishing the car. She didn't lift her head once, even though Nadine was discussing her.

"See, every trip, Veronica would pick one sex-worker from the container. Force him to warm her bed through the entire trip. One time she picked the wrong guy. A virgin. I had to work with new recruiters that one time and they didn't fill their quota. So, they tricked a gullible young man, telling him that he was going to be an au pair for an elder woman in the new country. Of course, he didn't want to give his ass to Veronica. What do you think she did? Huh? What did you do, Veronica?"

Veronica kept her head down, but Diana noticed that her hand on the car was shaking.

"She raped the poor thing over and over again, twenty-two nights in a row. She got careless in the end, and he managed to escape, then he threw himself overboard in the middle of the Atlantic. Do you have any idea how much it cost me? So now Veronica owes a huge debt, which she will be paying for the rest of her life. Brigitte also made sure that she'd never rape anyone ever again. Veronica, please show Diana."

The dark-haired futa nodded fast, still not looking at them. Veronica pulled her overalls down to her knees, and then pulled down her boxers. Underneath, where there were supposed to be a pair of testicles, there was only a deep scar. Instead of a cock, Veronica had a short, ugly stump.

Diana averted her eyes.

Nadine clicked her tongue. "Nuh-uh! Cecilia?"

Madam Hulk clasped her massive paw around Diana's neck, made her bend, and forced her to look closely.

Nadine stooped until her lips almost touched Diana's ear. "Have you figured me out yet, little girl? Call my sister 'retard' one more time. Just try to cross me once."

-

"Wow, Melvin!" Ashley had an annoying habit of stuffing her mouth with food before every sentence. "That's officially my favorite pasta dish. What do you call it again?"

"Pasta a la Kevin. 'Kevin', with a 'k'."

They were sitting around the small table in the girls' room, dining on the meal Kevin made with their help. As professional athletes, both girls were used to a strict diet, but after seeing the delicacies Kevin could conjure, Megan declared that a onetime slip is not such a big deal. He used everything in the kitchen and cooked for a battalion. Half the floor was enjoying the results. Some of the girls already suggested they'd adopt him.

Ashley flushed her mouth with a glass of wine. "Sure thing, Melvin. Do you want more wine? It's Vin Jaune. Michelle's mother is the French ambassador. They have these posh parties at the Embassy all of the time, and she always pinches wine bottles and brings them here."

"I'm good."

"Sure? Your ears would fall off if I told you how much this bottle costs."

"I already got a buzz going, and I have a date tonight."

"I thought you didn't have a girlfriend," Megan said.

"Her name is Helen, and she's just a friend. It's a tradition. We catch a movie every Sunday night."

"Helen, who is just a friend, and you go on dates with? Hmmm..."

"Yes, these things do exist, Megan."

"You sound defensive."

"Leave Melvin alone, he said she's just a friend, and I believe him." Ashley kissed Kevin's cheek and left a string of pasta on it.

"Jesus, you eat like a fucking pig," Megan snorted. Her face was red, and Kevin believed that she finished half the bottle on her own. "Ashley, you're an embarrassment."

"Will you stop that already," Kevin said. "You're on her ass all the time."

"Yeah." Ashley licked the pasta from his cheek and giggled.

"She's an embarrassment. She eats like a ten-year-old. She tells inappropriate jokes at the most inappropriate situations."

"Am not."

"During my aunt's funeral, she was Jewish by the way, Ashley decided to tell a joke about a rabbi, a priest, and a choir boy."

"Aunt Edna would have appreciated it; she always had a great sense of humor."

"Ashley farts, and then she pretends it's hilarious. She doesn't realize that she's just not pretty enough to be that stupid."

"My little brother, Ben, used to fart and joke about it," Kevin interjected.

"Then he's a moron too."

"It wasn't his fault; he was born with an extra chromosome. It's called Down Syndrome."

"Oh, crap. Sorry." Megan clenched her teeth.

"Yeah, got serious all of a sudden." Kevin smiled. "Forget about it. He went to a special day-care but back home he didn't have any friends, so he used to hang around me a lot. We would fart, and then we would pretend it was some exquisite smell. 'Yo smell that, I just farted a cinnamon cake. Yo, I just farted a hippo with diarrhea.'"

"Ew, Gross!" Ashley pinched her nose. "Boys."

"Totally. I would invent smells, and Ben would pee his pants laughing. Yeah," Kevin smiled, but his eyes became sad. There was not a single memory with Ben in it that wasn't laughter. Ben had never cared that the cards the universe had dealt him were less than kind. He was always smiles, and laughter, and hugs. "What I'm trying to say, Megan, is that it doesn't matter. Family matters. The people who love you matter. So what if they're sometimes an embarrassment. Life is too fragile to waste on the expectations of people who don't count. Fuck it. I would give anything to play the fart game with Ben again."

"Tell him the next time you see him that you want a re-fart." Ashley giggled.

Kevin imagined himself going through the pearly gates. There would be a beautiful woman with purple eyes holding the hand of a little boy waiting for him. Ben wouldn't be able to contain his excitement and would start jumping up and down as he always did when Kevin returned home from school. He would be telling the angels to put on their gas masks because a farting party was about to commence. It made him smile. "I will tell him exactly that."

"Hey, don't be sad, purple eyes." Ashley gave him a tender kiss on his mouth. Maybe it was the wine, but her lips lingered on his much longer than a heartbeat. Suddenly, her lips parted, and Kevin sent his tongue into her mouth, to tour its way around. The wet tip met her lovely tongue, and he dragged it gently, inviting her to the dance.

"Hey," Megan giggled from his other side. "What about me?"

Kevin turned around and kissed her deeply. Lips pressed against lips, tongues wrestling. Ashley kissed the back of his neck, then licked his ear.

"What about me?" Ashley laughed.

Kevin turned and leaned in, keeping his eyes on hers, and Ashley gasped. As she lowered her face, her lips pursed. He wanted to feel their soft warmth. Ashley pulled her top off, and Kevin pulled his. She sat down and pulled him off his chair onto her muscled body. As his body leaned forward for a kiss, he felt her pointy nipples scraping his chest. She was a heatwave, and that heat radiated through his entire body. Eagerly, Ashley offered her tongue. He opened his mouth and welcomed her in. They melded together, for a long kiss. She wrapped her powerful arms around his neck and hungrily devoured him.

"Hey, what about me?"

Kevin tried to pull back to give some attention to Megan, but Ashley locked him in a tight grip. She began to suck his tongue deep into her mouth.

Kevin felt Megan's long fingers on his thigh. Her other arm looped around his naked torso and pulled him backward.

Ashley growled, and Kevin felt the vibrations rock his face. Her muscles tensed around him. She wasn't giving him up without a fight. He moved his hands to her shoulders, to push her back. Then he felt fingers traveling up his thigh, unbuttoning his pants and pulling them down. He felt the air against his naked buns, and then a wet finger entered his anus from behind. Kevin whimpered into Ashley's mouth.

He knew resistance was useless as Megan began moving her finger in and out. His hole acted on its own will to try to trap her finger—not wanting it to move away from him.

Ashley let go of his mouth but kept her arms around his neck, devouring him with her eyes.

"God, I want you." Her voice was hoarse with lust.

Megan's finger went deep, and Kevin's body shivered, as his tunnel clasped around her finger.

"I want you," Megan whispered. He felt her body pressing against his back. She took off the dress she wore, and her nipples pricked his skin from behind. Her finger never stopped for a minute, to move inside his ass.

Kevin pulled on Ashley's nipple with his teeth. She cried out as he did, and he joined her as a second finger entered his most private spot. The small room echoed with squishy sounds as Megan set a steady rhythm. In and out, in and out.

Ashley pulled his head from one nipple and directed him into its twin. Kevin took the pointy nub and sucked hard. Ashley jolted every time his teeth pinched.

Megan kept pumping with her fingers while she placed her free hand on Kevin's balls. Her index finger scraped his inner walls and rubbed his fun button. She removed her fingers, and a second later he felt her spit into his hole. The fingers entered his anus again, but this time there were three of them.

He felt Ashley moving frantically beneath him. She wiggled out of her pants and underwear. She sat up on the chair and pulled his naked body on top of hers. Her cock was pulsing and big between his legs, like a beast in heat. Each time it rose it patted the crack of his ass, and it made him ache for it to enter.

Megan withdrew her fingers from his anus. He could feel the cold air rushing in on his wide-open ass.

"What a lovely sight," Megan said.

Ashley lifted him to a squatting position, his calves resting on her powerful thighs. Her cock pointed skyward, just inches from his closing opening. She pulled him to her and took his nipple into her mouth. Her tongue ran circles around the areola. She took a bite on the tip and Kevin almost ejaculated.

She pushed him, encircling his face with both palms, drawing his mouth to hers.

"I wanna be inside you."

He nodded, eyes half closed.

He felt Megan spreading his ass cheeks while Ashley pulled him lower. Her cock head touched the elastic ring of his rectum. Then with a wild thrust, she was inside him. Her cock conquered his tunnel with a single charge. It slithered up, like a mighty anaconda, scraping his tender walls and burying her to the hilt. Kevin ejaculated immediately, sending streams of cum on her toned stomach, his body shuddering powerfully.

"Oohhh, lovely mess you've made, Kevin."

"Su...su...suddenly you know my name?" He ground himself on her cock, and Ashley moaned.

"Fuck! This is so sexy," Megan said. From behind him, he felt Megan's cock, brushing against his spine. The elder sister wanted to join the fun. He felt her moving and realized she was jerking off.

Ashley's hands looped under his legs, pulling them up, parting them. Staring into his eyes, she began to fuck him, her cock sliding in and out of his ass as she lifted him, then pushed up to meet his descent.

She settled into a rhythm, gliding her shaft in and out of the hole lubed by her sister's spit. Kevin clenched, maximizing the pleasure on her swollen tip, her cock vanishing inside of him. One of his hands moved to grip the chair's backseat. Ashley watched his expression, working his ass just as much as she was working herself.

Kevin felt Megan's release before he could hear her. A warm sticky fluid hit his back and started dribbling down.

Megan moaned. "Yes, yes, yes, oh fuuuck!"

A second squirt hit his ass, then flowed down the crevice between his buttocks, until it met Ashley's cock. The rod of flesh pumped it inside his ass, adding it to the fluid party inside his anal tunnel.

"Oh, fuck." Megan squirted, splashing ropes of cum that decorated his ass again and again.

"Yessss." Ashley hissed, closing her eyes and tilting her head back.

The chair creaked as she began to bounce him on her cock, their bodies becoming slick with sweat.

Kevin's cock was hard again, bouncing freely, slapping her muscular abs.

Ashley's voice became higher in pitch; each exhale accompanied by a slight gasp as her cock hammered him. Her pleasure reached a crescendo, and she continued to pummel his ass frantically. Her hot load hit deep in his bowels, conquering him.

"Yes! Ball don't lie; ball don't lie." She screamed. "And Oneeee!"

She experienced ecstasy as his squeezing, massaging ass milked and hugged her cock. She shot rope after rope into him, some shallow, some deep. She kept pumping all this time. Her cock steadily moved into the flesh tunnel that was convulsing around it happily. Kevin stared at the mask of ecstasy on her face, enjoying the powerful feeling of making another human burn up in lust.

Finally, long after she had stopped cumming, her body, exhausted, collapsed into the chair. Both of them were breathing hard, enjoying the afterglow. They sat facing each other for a couple of minutes, Kevin feeling her cock softening deep inside him. Her hands roamed his body. Kevin buried his lips in her long neck and slowly kissed her.

"Oh, Melvin."

"Asshole," he gave her a love bite.

"I'll tell everyone that you're responsible for the hickey and I'll be the envy of Alpha Pi Alpha."

"Hey, what about me?" Megan pulled him, and Kevin arched backward. She pulled his head back all the way for an upside-down kiss.

"What about me?" Megan said when she was done tasting him.

"What about you?"

"You only did her."

"Hmmm..." Kevin tried to get off Ashley, but she grabbed his thighs.

"Where do you think you're going?"

"You're a greedy pig, that's what you are, Ashley," Megan said.

Ashley kissed Kevin's chest and turned him around, so he was facing Megan but still sitting on her lap. "There."

Kevin gently closed his hand around Megan's wet cock and started massaging it. His other hand went to her heavy balls and played with them.

Megan closed her eyes. "Harder," she whispered.

Kevin clamped down on her cock, and started pumping it. The glans appeared and disappeared into his palm. He leaned and gave the slit a lick, tasting her warm fluids.

"Harder on the family jewels." Megan clasped her palm around the hand massaging her balls, and squeezed. "Oh yeah." She pulled her hand off.

"Hey, I know what I'm doing." Diana gave him a week-long full-time course on testicle pleasuring. He graduated with honors. Kevin placed his thumb on the side of her sack, and the pointer finger on the side facing her back. Very gently he held the skin between his fingers and slid them down the length of her sack. He let go and started over from the top, but not before he gave the seam a wet stroke with his velvety tongue.

"Oh, my God," Megan said.

"Oh, my," Ashley said. She was beginning to harden under him.

Kevin resumed licking Megan's testicles. He played around with them, keeping his tongue wide and flat, and painting a figure-eight motion around her sack. He traced his tongue from the back of her scrotum along the seam to the front.

Megan's hard cock rose and heaved. The intensity of Kevin's talented tongue on her balls caused firecrackers to explode inside her head. Suddenly, she couldn't help it, and she peed. A yellow sprinkle arched from her cock. Some of it landed on Kevin's back, and some of it sprayed on Ashley's chest.

"Hey!" Ashley roared.

"S...sorry. In...in...in your mouth." Megan huffed. "Put me in your amazing mouth."

Kevin swallowed the shaft to the hilt; her cock went all the way down his throat.

"Oh, so good." Megan moaned.

Kevin did not back off; no matter that there was now an acrid taste of piss between Megan's legs. He continued to eat her, swallow her. His head bobbed, and he set a leisurely pace.

"I can't take any more," Megan moaned.

Kevin nibbled on her cock, making it jump in his mouth. He then sucked hard on her tip, slapping her pleasure points with his tongue.

Beneath him, Ashley's cock was hard. It pointed up, lifting Kevin's less impressive cock like a crane. Ashley placed her hand on their poles and rubbed them together.

Kevin moaned as the first spurt from Megan's cock hit his palate. He closed his mouth and mewed happily at each new spurt of her steamy cum sprayed his mouth.

Megan jerked and thrust hard, almost choking him. Her legs became weak, and she pulled out and sat on the bed, breathing hard.

Ashley growled. She tried to align her cock with Kevin's entrance. She hooked her arms under his armpits, turned him around to face her again, and then decided to stand up. Kevin gave a short scream of fright. He felt for a second that he was falling backward, but then a pair of strong arms stopped him.

"Hey, big sister, help me."

Megan nodded, rose and hooked her arms under Kevin's armpits, freeing Ashley from balancing him.

Ashley aligned herself again and thrust powerfully. There was a momentary hesitation, followed by some pain, and then suddenly the tight starfish fluttered open, opening wide as his ass sucked in the broad head of her cock.

"Oof!" Kevin cried. His head snapped backward, stopped by Megan's body, and his legs lifted higher.

Ashley held for a few seconds while Kevin tried to catch his breath. A pull, and she was almost out of him. Then a forceful shove, and she rammed all the way in, swaying her hips as she forcefully tore into the fiery cauldron of his inner sanctum. The brutality of it was also something new. He savored it, like a kid on his first visit to the candy store. He tasted his powerlessness and loved the flavor.

Almost like in a dream, Kevin felt the heat enter him, going deeper and higher until the cock sank in thoroughly, stretching him wide and filling his rectum. Slam! Ashley's pubes came to a grinding halt, squashed tight against his buttocks.

"Slam dunk," Ashley whispered. "Don't close your eyes, look at me."

Ashley folded his legs backward and pulled them until they rested on her broad shoulders. What came next was a powerful, ruthless, mind-numbing mating. Ashley lunged with no remorse, holding nothing back. Muscles that could send a hundred-sixty pounds body for a slam dunk pushed her cock deep inside Kevin. Withdraw and thrust, withdraw and thrust, withdraw and thrust. Megan barely managed to hold on to Kevin's body, as she too was jerked back and forth.

Pound, pound, pound! pound, pound, pound!

His cock sent a spray of baby-making juice into the air, as Ashley's thick rod reached pleasure centers never activated before.

Phut, phut, phut, phut, phut, phut, phut, phut.

Kevin's voice rose to a new crescendo.

"Ah, Ah, Ahh, Ahh, Ah, Ah, Ahh, Ahh, Ah, Ah, Ahh, Ahh!"

He sang each time Ashley's cock was swallowed full and each time it withdrew.

Slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap.

Plunging and plowing, Ashley fucked Kevin at a furious pace, stabbing into his clinging ass with a ferocity that made his walls vibrate. Her cock was devouring him, breaking him to pieces. He was giddy and faint, and his mind was in another place.

Another orgasmic fury hit him, and this time his cock wasn't even hard. His rectum walls started an uncontrolled spasm. They closed and opened, and sucked on Ashley's cock, tugging on it in a vice grip, pushing it out and then a heartbeat later sucking it back in, squeezing moan after moan from Kevin's lips.

He slumped backward into Megan, completely drained. His ravaged anal tissue merely rolled over the sliding cock, just content to engulf the big rod in a soothing embrace.

"Beautiful," Ashley mumbled, and maintained her relentless onslaught, plowing deep into the Kevin's burning anus. Ashley accelerated, as if it were a basketball game at the last minute, her team falling behind, everyone depending on her to tip the scale. Faster she went, like a machine. Her ass cheeks flexed again and again until she roared and slammed in, spraying Kevin's passage with burning sperm, filling him to the brim with her seed.

-

Kevin ruffled his wet spikes and put on his shorts. "Hey, Ashley, is my phone charged yet?"

"Not so sure about that thing. Did you dig it up in a Mesa Verde excavation or something?" Ashley activated Kevin's mobile. "What is it, Samsung Zero?"

Megan dried herself on the bed after another shower. She didn't utter a word since their spontaneous menage a trois.

Kevin kissed her lips tenderly. "Hey? What's going on?"

"I...you know the feeling when you suddenly realize you just had a threesome?"

"Yes. High five?" Kevin said.

"That was your first threesome?"

"Pffft, hell no. But this one was the best, because all the rest were imaginary."

"I bet your threesome fantasies never included your twin sister."

Kevin rubbed her hand. "Do you regret what the three of us just did?"

"You?"

"Hell no! Twins? That's like the ultimate fantasy. Well, sort of."

"It was fun. But you're not allowed to tell anyone, Kevin. Ever!"

"What do you take me for? A gentleman never kisses and tells. He shows a video."

She laughed "You gotta promise, Kevin."

"What happens in Vegas. Look, Megan, we all drank a little too much from the Vin Jaune."

"Right. It was the wine." Megan pulled him in, and he felt her hardening.

Ashley finished drying herself and tossed the towel on the floor. "I call dibs on the leftovers." She greedily dug into the plate, but then noticed Kevin looking at her. Suddenly, aware of her little tits standing to attention, and the rest of her display, she blushed and donned a robe, blowing Kevin an air kiss when she was decent.

Underneath the bravado, there was a sweet but vulnerable girl, insecure about her looks, just like her sister. Kevin always envied people who were at the top of the social and financial ladder. He always seemed to struggle for crumbs of recognition by his peers.

But it seemed that everyone was fighting a battle. Some were fighting a harder battle than most. Kevin thought of Helen. He suddenly realized that he missed her smiles, their banter, and the funny way she laughed at his jokes. He was going to see her in two hours, and the thought filled him with joy.

He pulled on his shirt. "Life, it's not simple. Everyone is struggling." he said.

"What?"

"Just something that occurred to me. Everyone is fighting inner demons, even Alpha Pi Alpha girls."

"Ooh, so deep." Megan pulled his shirt up and kissed his belly button.

"But true."

"That's life for you. What can you do?"

"Be kinder to each other, I guess? Take on life with someone, so you don't have to face it alone? You never answered my question, Megan."

"Okay, I'll sit on your face if that'll make you happy."

"I never asked you that but hold on to that thought. I asked you about being my girlfriend."

Megan sighed. "I just finished my diploma, and I'm going back to Seattle in two weeks. So unless you're into long distance relationships..."

"I'll be your girlfriend!" Ashley jumped.

"No, you're not. Ashley is going back home too."

"I'll stay. I always wanted to major, in...what was what you said you're studying, Kevin?"

"Computer Science."

"Yeah, that."

"Why are you so stressed about a girlfriend?" Megan said. "Ginger told me you just got out of a bad relationship."

"Because I'm twenty-one and I never had a real girlfriend."

"As opposed to a fake one?"

"You know. Someone to walk hand-in-hand in the street with and dream together? I want...I need...someone."

Megan gave him a hug that made his ribs protest. "I wish I could take you to Seattle with me."

"I'll be your girlfriend." A tiny black dress stood in the doorway. Inside that dress was Sharon Richardson with her hands on her hips. Kevin thought that if there ever would be a Tinder commercial, that would be it.

"Sharon, meet door. Door, meet Sharon." Megan covered her nakedness with a blanket. "Didn't your mom teach you to knock?"

"I'm always welcome, so why bother?" Sharon shrugged. "I heard from the other girls that you're still here, Kevin. I came to apologize."

Kevin raised his eyebrows. The last thing he expected from this girl was regret.

"Sorry that I was an asshole yesterday. All I wanted was, well, you know what I wanted."

"Yeah, about that, you've got a minute to drink one glass of Vin Jaune, before the police storm this room and take you."

She sat down on the bed between him and Megan. "You could have just said no, Kevin, you didn't have to run away."

"You're what, six feet tall, Sharon?"

"Six-two."

"I'm five feet and... well, the number of extra inches depends on the bullshit mood I'm in. I never met a futa girl who couldn't KO my ass. It's stressful, in a rapey kind of stressful way."

"Sorry." Sharon kissed his cheek, then smelled his neck.

"I just showered. That's the second time you're doing this."

"There is something about your BO."

"Gross."

Sharon leaned over again and breathed deep. "It's intoxicating."

"I know," Ashley said. "Freakish, right?"

"I shower regularly, and I always use deodorant. I don't smell."

Sharon shrugged. "If you're looking for a girlfriend for all those things you said, then count me in. I'm not moving to Seattle."

"You wanna be my girlfriend?"

"Don't feel intimidated because I'm out of your league. I'm out of everyone's league."

Megan rolled her eyes.

Sharon's beauty was mesmerizing. Her lips sculpted, and her deep blue eyes painted by an artist. Kevin found it confusing. "Didn't you use to date Justin Bieber, no, not him. What's his face? That Justin Bieber looks alike, the drummer from Arctic Banana. Robert?"

"Rob Fulton. Only because my agent told me the tabloids would be all over it. He's a douchebag and the biggest phony. I want someone real, not made of plastic."

"Me?"

"You're massive cute and super-hot. Half the girls in Alpha Pi Alpha are already in love with you. You said it. Spot on. Someone to walk hand in hand with and dream together. That was beautiful. My life kind of sucks ass right now and someone like you in it would be an immense improvement."

"Did you hear that, Ashley?" Megan smirked. "Sharon Richardson's life sucks. The poor thing."

"I'll call Ana to come over with her violin. Tell her to play something sad."

"Assholes," Sharon said.

"You're one of the top models in the Julian agency. Last week you went to a party with Snoop Dog and Eminem. Every time a movie needs a pretty face in the background they use you. Your life is a musical, with tons of sugar and cherries on top."

Sharon waved her hand in dismissal. "I hate everyone at the agency. All the girls are snakes, and the photographers are dipshits. They call me Udders and Super-Cow behind my back."

Megan laughed.

"Hey, be nice." Kevin kissed Sharon's cheek because apparently everyone was fighting a battle of sorts. Even supermodels. "I'll think about your offer, Sharon. Right now, I need a huge favor from the three of you. Next Bid Day, please make sure that Ginger is selected."

"I thought she was an asshole," Megan said.

"It's critical to her. My mom always said that when people around you act small, you should be the bigger man. So please, do that for me, because I asked you to."

Ashley nodded. "I'll make sure she's in. By the way, Kev, you've got a massive amount of unread messages on your phone."

"My ex has a hard time letting go."

"They're from 'Dad.'"

"What?" Kevin jumped out of bed and grabbed his phone. There were several messages from his father, both text messages, and WhatsApp.

The first one read. "Call me, ASAP!"

The next read. "Kevin, the last check you sent me bounced. What happened?"

Another read. "Kevin, I need the money today. Please call me."

His father almost lost his failing business, and now he had to rely on his son's charity. He always told Kevin that if the monthly payments were too heavy of a burden, then Kevin should stop sending them. That was a pretence. A game people play, which made it possible for his father to keep a little dignity. Now the pretence was over.

His father's messages sounded desperate, and Kevin's heart squeezed. When he was young, he thought the only thing that could harm his dad was kryptonite.

"Kevin, what's wrong?" Megan said.

He shook his head, too numb to speak.

But why the hell did the check bounce, when he had a sufficient amount in his account? It must be a mistake. Unless...

Kevin dialled, his fingers shaking on the numbers.

"Hey, Baby."

"Diana, what did you do?"

"I called and called, and texted you, and...you didn't even bother to write me a single..." She choked, and her voice broke. "Something. You gave me the silent treatment."

"You deposited the safety check I gave Helen for the unpaid rent, didn't you? You stole the check and deposited it."

"Got your attention, didn't it?"

"Diana, listen, and listen good." Kevin tried to control his voice. "This is no game and no joke. My father is in deep trouble-"

"Come home, Kevin."

"You selfish-" He ground his teeth. Attacking Diana would be satisfying but counterproductive. Family before selfishness, his mother always said. "I need that money ASAP. I'll tell Helen that you stole the check."

"That won't help you, baby. I just want to talk. Come home, and I promise everything is going to be alright. Come home, Kevin." Her voice broke, and she started sobbing. "Please...please come home, Kevin. I just want to talk."

-

It felt surreal, ascending to the top floor, up to the Brion penthouse. That place was like a sink hole. He could keep away but only so far. On the other hand, it felt like coming back home. A home that robs you of your dignity and rights, but home nonetheless. His life was a circle, and Diana reigned at its center.

He opened the door with his key, intending to go straight to Helen, but Diana waited in the hallway. Her red hair shone in the setting sun's light. A devil woman, painfully beautiful. Her eyes were puffy and red. When Kevin entered, the dam broke open again. She ran to him and gave him a crushing hug. Her slim form enveloped him and her smell, the familiar daffodil perfume she used, flooded his nostrils. That was Diana. Beauty and the beast sharing one body, abusive and loving at the same time. He melted into her like one puts on an old robe.

She kissed his eyes, his mouth, his neck, his ears, countless times. "I'm so sorry, baby." She sobbed. "I never meant to."

"Diana." He said tenderly. "Please stop."

She hugged him tight, her head on his shoulder. "I never meant to hurt you."

"Diana, my father needs the money you took."

"It's okay."

"No, it's not. My dad borrowed money from the O'Sullivan brothers. These guys don't play games. If he doesn't come up with the monthly payment they won't take him to court, they'll take his car, house, and business. Then they'll go medieval on his ass."

She pulled back. "I know all about your dad, Kevin. He has nothing to fear anymore." She hugged him again. "I can't believe that you're here."

"What do you mean he has nothing to fear?"

"I bought your dad's promissory note from the O'Sullivan brothers. They'll never bother him again."

"What? How?"

"I'll show you." She ran to her room, pulling him behind her.

"Diana, wait. What do you mean you bought it? Where the hell did you get a 125 K from?"

"Doesn't matter. All that matters is that you're here." She half-dragged him into the familiar room. The floor was again covered by piles of laundry. Diana pulled a ring binder with several papers from her closet and opened it on Kevin's old desk. "See? That's it."

Kevin checked it out. It was indeed the loan his father took against his electronics store. The terms of missing payments included selling the business.

"How?"

"It's okay, baby. Your father is okay. I took care of everything. I just want things to go back to normal, just like they were two weeks ago."

What they had two weeks ago was as normal as Nina in Black Swan. Kevin tried to wrap his head around the implications and went numb. "You can't just pretend that nothing's happened."

"I hurt you; you hurt me. We hurt each other. Doesn't matter. We're bigger than that."

"I hurt you?"

"You slept with Nadine."

Kevin nodded.

"You're not even trying to deny? I don't care, Kevin, I love you. I forgive you."

"You forgive me?" He shook his head. "Amazing. What if I say no, Diana?"

"What?"

"No to going back."

Her eyes became round, he thought that she was about to cry again, but then they became hard. "The promissory note gives me the right..." She paused.

The right to sell his father's electronic shop for peanuts and still sue him for the rest of the debt. His father was not out of the woods yet; he just traded his creditor. With the O'Sullivan brothers, it was simple. They were all about sucking his dad dry of every cent they could put their greedy fat hands on. Diana wanted something else entirely.

"You borrowed money from Nadine, didn't you?"

"You left me no choice, babe."

"One hundred and twenty-five grand? Jesus, you stupid- Do you have any idea what this woman does for a living? What did she ask for in return?"

"You left me no choice, babe."

Kevin sat down on the bed, defeated, and buried his face in his hands. He was trapped. Forever. The deal Helen had offered, at least had a foreseen future where he would be out of jail. 'Be my little sister's boyfriend for a year.' Now Diana had his father by the balls. He was going to grow old side by side with this devil woman.

"Hey." She kissed his neck and pried his hands. "Hey."

"I..."

"Why is it so difficult to accept?" She said. "We'll just pretend that the last two weeks never happened. Nothing needs to change."

He nodded. "You won, Diana."

"It's not a war."

"Check and mate. I'm all yours."

"Stop it, baby!" He felt her hands on him, rubbing his back. She unbuttoned his shirt and nuzzled his neck. "I love you so much. You know that I do."

That was Diana 101. Extortion and threats on the one hand, talk of love on the other.

"I've made a lot of decisions these last two weeks, Baby. I'll be different, you'll see. I'll be a kinder person, not just to you, to everyone. I'll never take you for granted again. I realized how important you are to me. I love you."

"You're not in love, you're obsessed. It's unhealthy."

She kissed the ridge of his nose, his lips, and ears. She pulled his shirt off, and kissed his chest, sucking his sensitive nipples. She then kissed his abs, planting her luscious lips on each one. 



"Oh god, your smell, baby, I missed it so much." She pushed him on his back, and frantically unbuttoned his jeans.

"Take your pants off," she huffed.

Kevin obeyed. It was painfully familiar.

Diana was out of her top and shorts in a blink, standing before him, her majestic nakedness on display. He knew every nook and every inch of it by heart and could recognize her in the dark. The birthmark she had under her left tit. The little scar she had near her bellybutton from an old surgery. The curve of her waspy waist. The Big bird tattooed on her heaving cock. She was the first woman he ever saw naked. She was his girlfriend, his first and probably the last.

He knew the drill. Kevin sat up and took her cock in his hands, pursing his lips.

Diana surprised him by pushing him on his back again. She got hold of his cock and shocked him again as she took it into her loving mouth.

Kevin bit his lip.

Her fingers held around the shaft where she gripped it at its base. She sucked on the head, her tongue everywhere, and then she began to go down on it, not stopping until her nose was pressed against Kevin's stomach. She then started to slowly fuck her face on that cock, letting it all the way out, sucking on the head a bit, then taking it all the way into her mouth and throat.

She saw him staring at her, questioning, pulled out and winked. "Eye contact, baby. When giving head, always keep eye contact."

"You meant, Baby Butt."

She shook her head. "None of that anymore."

He stared at her as she continued to pleasure him. This was the first time she had taken care of him.

She wrapped her fist around the shaft of his cock. "Having fun yet?" She said, squeezing his cock and flicking her tongue through the pearl of pre-cum that formed at the slit. "And you are so tasty," she added, driving her tongue into his slit, then fastening her lips on it and sucking audibly.

"Mmm..." She said, licking her lips. She then extended her tongue and let it slide along the underside of Kevin's cock, until just the head was sitting inside her mouth, before closing her lips around it and sucking, her cheeks hollowing with the effort.

"Oh," Kevin moaned.

Diana swallowed his cock so fast he forgot to breathe. Her mouth gripped him like a vise, kneading his shaft during her descent and withdrawal. She nibbled on it with her teeth, making him jump in her mouth.

"Gen...gently."

Her black eyes were on him the entire time, reading his reactions. He hated the power that she had over him, but he had to admit his body had developed a Pavlovian response to her beauty. His balls were tight already.

Up and down.

She raised her head and placed her index finger on his lips. "Suck on

it, baby."

Kevin opened his mouth and sucked on the finger like a desperate baby.

"Good b..." She paused. Diana pulled her finger out of his mouth and stuck the wet appendage in his overused rectum. She played around until she found the prostate and Kevin tensed. Her lips went back to sucking his cock while she fingered him.

The combined bobbing and fingering was so stimulating, so intense, he never knew what hit him. His orgasm was so sudden it virtually caught him off guard. One second he was enjoying the intense sensations, and the next he was cumming forcefully into her mouth.

"Ah, ah, ah..." His back arched.

Diana rose and opened her mouth, showing a now-breathless Kevin the puddle of cum on her tongue. She spat it into her hand and proceeded to rub her cock.

Kevin knew what she wanted, so he slid closer to her and locked his legs around her waist. He lay back on the bed as she grabbed his hips and pulled him onto her cock. Then she reached forward and pulled him onto her lap. His legs snaked around her thin waist as he settled fully down onto her throbbing penis.

Oh, God, I missed that beautiful ass so much," she said. "I can't believe that I almost lost you."

Her arms slid around him, and her lips sought him for a deep kiss. Tongues were rubbing and wrestling in each other's mouth as her excitement built. Kevin could taste his own seed on her lips and tongue. Their hips were grinding as Diana was engulfed by Kevin's eager ass.

"Reverse cowboy, Baby."

Kevin swivelled dutifully. He was flexible enough and could do it without letting her cock out of him. He turned around until he sat with his back to her, her cock still etched deeply into his bowels. He knew what she wanted.

"Lean forward."

Kevin leaned forward, hands resting on her calves.

She grabbed his legs, folded them back and placed them on her stomach, massaging his toes. "Ride me, baby, make me blow a fuse."

Kevin started pumping himself on her cock. His small ass went up and down on her slick shaft, filling the room with the wet noises of lovemaking.

Diana moaned and placed both hands on his ass cheeks, rubbing them. "God, this is good," she exclaimed, revelling in the ability to do whatever she wanted.

She possessively cupped the firm flesh while Kevin's ass moved up and down. Each time his bottom slapped her pelvis he ground his ass on her meat pole.

Diana kept playing with the soles of his feet. "I'm so close baby. I haven't bust a nut in two weeks."

Kevin increased the tempo, his ass slapping hard as he came down.

Diana watched as her thick pole was swallowed by the tight ring of his rectum. It seemed to be stretched to the max when she was inside him, and it was the most beautiful sight in the world. Kevin twisted his ass with each stroke, getting lots of skin contact before flattening against her. Diana's cock pistoned smoothly in the hot, tight caress of his back tunnel.

Diana's orgasm pooled in her balls, and the tension radiated out through her limbs.

"I'm...I'm cumming again!" Kevin moaned, and then Diana felt the spasms rip through his ass. Shaking and grunting hoarsely through another orgasm, his climax launched her own, and Diana blew her load deep into his bowels.

Both grunted and went rigid. Their bodies were synched.

"I love you, Kevin Baby." Diana rubbed his ass. "I missed you so much."

Kevin hung his head, panting. Then he pulled out. Her cum dripped from his ass down his leg. "Yeah."

-

"Is Helen working today?" Kevin dried his hair. He just had his third post-sex shower since morning.

"Why?"

"You always work Sunday night and me and Helen catch a movie every Sunday night. But she didn't call me today, and she didn't answer my messages."

Diana's face twisted and Kevin realized his mistake. He shouldn't rub in the fact that he remained in contact with Helen.

"She didn't feel too well this morning. I think she's in her room, sleeping it off."

"What's wrong with her?"

"Who gives a fuck?" Diana decision to start on a new road of kindness lasted forty-five minutes.

Kevin pulled his clothes on and went to check out for himself.

"Helen?" He knocked gently on her door. There was no answer.

"Leave her alone, Baby." Diana came behind him. "Let's go to bed. I wanna spoil you some more."

Kevin knocked again.

"Maybe she's at work?" Diana said. "She must have gone out when I was away. If she wanted to go out to see a stupid movie she would have called you."

"She would have called me either way."

"She's not really your friend, Kevin."

"What?"

"Don't feel bad about it, Baby. She's like that."

"Like what?"

"Cold fish. She doesn't have feelings like regular people do."

"You think?" Kevin pushed the door open and turned the dimmer halfway.

Helen was curled on her bed under the blanket in a fetal position, her magnificent golden hair splayed across the mattress. She raised her head when he turned on the light and looked at him bleary-eyed. Her brow was red and her green eye bright with fever.

She blinked in the dim light but suddenly noticed it was Kevin and her beautiful face lit up with a smile. "Hey."

"Hey yourself." Kevin felt a lump in his throat. At first, their dynamic was based on hate, then it turned into sympathy born of pity. It was something else entirely now. During the last few weeks she became important. Helen was someone he talked to every day and shared his small victories and big defeats with. Going back to the Brion penthouse had a huge silver lining, and that silver lining lay on the bed looking like she needed help. "What's wrong?"

"I'm a bit under the weather." Helen's teeth chattered and she shivered.

Kevin crossed the room to her bed and lay his palm over her forehead. "Jesus, you're burning up." He ran to the bathroom and returned three seconds later with a thermometer. "Open wide."

Helen gave him her "Oh, please" look, but she opened her mouth and took the thermometer nonetheless.

"One hundred and five. My prognosis is that you're either an oven or that you're very ill."

"I took something to help bring it down."

"Are you serious?" Kevin ran to the kitchen and returned a minute later with a towel wrapped around some ice cubes. "Put that on your forehead. Diana, help her get dressed, she needs to see a doctor ASAP."

"She said she's okay." Diana twisted her mouth.

"I can fry an omelet on your sister's forehead."

"She probably just ate something. Let's go to bed, Baby."

"I'm trying to see things from your perspective, Diana," Kevin raised his voice. "But I just can't stick my head so far up my ass."

"Hey, you're overreacting," Helen smiled weakly. "I just need something for my stomach so I can sleep it off."

"Am I the only adult in this house? Doctor! Now!"

-

The tall, young doctor looked tired. He was obviously a resident; attending physicians almost never shared the nightshift load in the North Western Memorial Hospital. He ruffled through Helen's blood test results and CT scan, and looked troubled enough to cause worry. However, Kevin crossed his eyes behind the doctor's back, and Helen had to bite her lip to keep a straight face. She mimed choking herself, to make him stop.

The fact that Kevin was here with her was a massive boost to her morale. She looked at his smiling face and thanked the gods for sending him back. His two-week absence had been torture. Whichever way she looked at it, she had to admit she dearly needed him in her life.

"Sorry?" The doctor said.

"I didn't say anything," Helen said.

"Is she going to die, Doctor?" Kevin asked. "Because I want your 75-inch T.V if you do, Helen. Can you put that in your will?"

"Excuse me, who are you exactly?" The doctor turned to Kevin.

"I'm Kevin." Kevin shook the doctor's hand warmly.

"No, I meant are you her family? Because only family members are allowed to escort the patients into the examination room."

"In that case, I'm her dad."

"You look a bit young."

"Then I'm her son. Pick the one you like best; I'm not choosy."

The doctor realized that Kevin wasn't going anywhere soon and turned back to Helen. "Do you smoke, Mrs. Brion?" He peered into her eye with a small flashlight.

"Define smoke?" Kevin said. "She smokes a lot of things. I saw her puff weed. In fact, those blood tests, she'd smoke them if you won't watch her carefully."

"I don't smoke," Helen said. "Don't listen to him, he's delusional. He has this delusion that he's funny."

The doctor sighed. "Do you drink?"

"Only in the morning, with her breakfast," Kevin said. "And lunch...dinner too. In fact, when she's asleep I drip vodka into her mouth with a nozzle. That's how she likes it."

"Do you exercise regularly?" The doctor said.

"She masturbates a lot," Kevin said. "Does it count?"

Helen started laughing, but it was too painful on her stomach. "Kevin!"

"Sorry, I missed that." He pointed at her and then at himself. "There's no one else I know who is embarrassed so easily and so beautifully."

"Go stand in the corner!"

"Okay. But if you decide to cut her open, Doc, and you find a hundred dollar bill inside, it's mine. She ate it. She does that too."

"Corner! Now! No one is cutting me open."

"Actually..." The doctor said.

"What? What 'actually'? 'Actually' wasn't part of the plan."

"You've got appendicitis, Mrs. Brion."

"Can't I get a shot or something?"

"It's a simple procedure, but it's very urgent. It's a good thing that you came tonight. Smart call."

Kevin pulled out his mobile and started recording. "Can you repeat what you just said, doc? I wanna play it to her later. Repeatedly."

-

Hearing came back first. A machine droning on and on a constant beep, beep, beep. Her sense of smell came back second. A draft of air hit her face, warm with a tincture of bleach. Sight came next. Above her, the ceiling was composed of polystyrene squares laid on a grid-like frame. Memory came last. She had surgery. Helen spent months in places like this after her injury, going through several surgeries and lengthy rehabilitation. She hated hospitals.

Then she remembered that Kevin was back, and the rest didn't matter at all.

"Hey." She croaked.

Someone offered a glass of water to her lips, and she gulped greedily. Another one was provided immediately.

"Hey yourself." Kevin's worried face appeared from behind and touched her forehead. "Your fever is down. Any pains? The nurse said to call her if you wake up and have pains."

"Nothing I can't handle. What time is it?"

"Two AM."

"How did I do?"

"Great. The doctors said you get top marks for lying prone during general anaesthesia."

Helen laughed and then winced because it hurt. "Idiot. Everything went okay? All is back to normal?"

"Minus one appendix." He touched her forehead again and compared the temperature to his own. Helen liked his touch. "Well, plus one octopus arm that I told them to install. They already punched a hole going in, so why waste such an opportunity?"

"Why an octopus?"

"Now you can lift the remote with those little suction cups while using your other hands to eat Jambalaya."

"Awesome."

"At least it can be a great conversation piece. Think about it. You're sitting with your friends. Awkward silence all around because all the topics had been chewed to death."

Helen nodded. "Then you go, 'have you heard about Helen, the girl with the octopus arm?'"

"Boom."

"Yep, being more of a freak is what my life dearly needs right now." She grunted and tried to rise.

"Where do you think you're going?"

"I don't need suction cups, I need to pee."

Kevin pushed her down. "The doctor said no getting up until tomorrow."

"I need to pee."

"There you go." Beaming, he pulled a grey pot from under the patient bed.

"I'm not peeing in that."

"Want me to help?"

"Turn around and cover your ears."

"Why?"

"I'm serious, Kevin."

"Okay." He complied. "Not sure what's the big fuss is about. You've got a new trick down there?"

"Shutup." Relief hit her as she emptied her bladder into the pot. "Call on a nurse to take it, please."

"Take it where? Do you think you'll need it later?"

"Idiot."

"Why bother a nurse? I'll take it."

"I don't want you to look at it."

"And I'm the Idiot?" He took the pot to the room's small bathroom. "Oh my god, Helen, I accidentally looked down. It's...it's...so special." He shouted from the bathroom. "That yellow liquid that came out of you. I bet only seven billion people and every creature on the planet does that."

"Stop making me laugh. My stitches hurt like a bitch when I do."

He came back, sat on the sofa near the bed and opened his ancient laptop.

"What do you think you're doing?"

"Huffman lossless compression on an eight-bit image using C++. It's for my Computer Vision course."

"Huffman who?"

"Total douchebag. He had no heart when it came to stupid Computer Science students."

"I meant you don't need to stay here. Take my car and go home."

"The doctor said that it's best if you have a family member around for the next 24 hours. They're understaffed anyway; some salary dispute between the nurses and the management." Kevin yawned into his palm. "I mean, what if you need to pee again or god forbid, even poop?"

"I can call Diana."

Kevin raised his eyebrow.

"Good point. But go home. Seriously. I'll be okay."

"What are you talking about? Got me my Huffman compressing right here. Got my best friend, Helen Brion, on my left. Where else do you think I'd rather be?"

"You don't have too."

"Tuck your octopus limb and go to sleep you annoying woman."

Helen relaxed and lay on her side, watching him as he clicked on the keyboard. From time to time he cursed softly. Helen decided that she'll have a word with that Huffman guy, whoever he was.

"You and Diana are back together?" She said in a quiet voice.

Kevin nodded, but his face was unreadable.

"So it turned out for the best, right? I mean, at first you had to...but now you returned to Diana because you wanted to, not because you feel like you owe me money, right?" Her voice trembled and she sounded hopeful. "I know she can be terrible sometimes, but you didn't come back to her because you feel like you owe me money, right?"

"I don't feel like I owe you money, I really owe you money."

"Please, stop."

Kevin nodded.

She didn't miss the fact that he dodged her question about Diana. However, she didn't want to deal with the reasons. Most of them meant that he would be gone from her life again, probably for good. She buried them under the lies people sometimes tell themselves when facing reality is too harsh.

"Kevin?"

"They didn't really install an octopus arm. I wanted them too, but the doctors here have no vision."

"That first night that we met?"

"What about it?"

"I called you childish."

"I am childish."

"Not where it counts."

Kevin shrugged and kept typing. "We said a lot of shitty things that night. Water under the bridge."

"I'm so sorry. What I forced you into, that's...it was so ugly. I'm so sorry."

"I'm not. It changed my life, on so many levels. I..." He looked up. "There are some things that I regret. Getting to know you is not one of them."

She wanted to tell him that he didn't just change her life, he flipped it upside-down, but she didn't.

"Kevin?"

He stopped typing and turned to her, purple eyes questioning.

"I'm..."

"What?"

"I'm..."

"Yeah, I know." He squeezed her hand lightly. "Go to sleep, Helen."

The last thing she remembered before the sandman took her was Kevin punching on the keyboard with his right, while he kept holding her hand.

-

Helen woke up.

She wasn't in hell, and definitely not in heaven. She woke up in a world that was neither good nor bad, but a mix of both.

Helen was hospitalized for six months after her injury, so waking up in a white bed to the buzz of fluorescent and the smell of bleach was nothing new. However, there was something this morning that was shockingly different.

She was calm.

After her injury, she used to lie awake for hours. Grief, more than pain had a lot to do with it. She mourned her lost beauty, she mourned her fallen comrades but most of all she mourned the death of Andy whom she loved from afar. Since that fateful day in Iraq, she had countless nightmares every night. Dreams about going up in flames, of screams, and skin melting on bones.

Not tonight.

The sunbeams sneaked through the high window and played on her white mattress like naughty children. She was a performer on a stage. The beam of light searched, until it found her and touched her face. Helen lay quiet, staring at the ugly ceiling, feeling refreshed, because for the first time in years her sleep had been serene. Not a single dream. No fire. No screams. Just blissful sleep.

Perplexed, she decided that with her appendix some of the poison that she had in her also came out. Then she smiled at the stupidity of that thought. It must have been something else. 


Growing up different, she had built high walls around her to shield herself from sorrow. From priests who called her an abomination, and from haters who called her worse. From people who were born 'normal'. People like Kevin. She could feel his warm hand still clasping her own, and she realised that inside the fist raised in hate there was a palm. You just had to look, because Kevin was right and kindness was everywhere. You just had to look.

Helen turned her head. Kevin was snoring lightly on the couch. His left hand rested on her bed, still holding her hand. His head drooped to his chest sometimes during the night, and he was drooling slightly on his shirt. His laptop rested closed on his knees. She hoped he gave that Huffman dude a run for his money.

Wincing, she got up, careful not to wake him. She pulled the hospital gown around her, and placed an unsure leg on the cold tiles. Because of the fresh stitches, stretching hurt like a bitch, but Helen was the toughest girl in the northern hemisphere. She limped to the room's closet and found a hospital blanket in there. She then limped back to the couch and gently wrapped his slim body in it.

Kevin kept on snoring.

Helen took a deep breath in the chill morning air and thought about everything for a very long time.

Happiness is rare. It's a delicate golden string that shimmers at the corner of your eye. One wrong move, one wrong touch and it can slip through your fingers. Sometimes happiness is just a friend who has your back. Someone who cares enough to stay the night at the hospital with you, who makes you suddenly realize that you're not alone in this world.

Helen knew how brittle happiness was, and she didn't want to jinx it. However, she wanted a small memory. Something she can keep, just for herself. She leaned over Kevin's sleeping form and gave him the tiniest kiss on his lips. Barely a brush of skin against skin.

Kevin sighed. His lips moved as if he was about to say something, but then he just changed position and a sudden smile brightened up his sleeping face.

To be continued...

*****

Yet again we find ourselves at the end of another chapter. As I always do, I would like to ask you shamelessly (okay I'm blushing a bit) to punch the stars to show me you care, and maybe even leave me a note.

See you next chapter, hopefully soon.



Family Issues Ch. 07
byallthatisfuta©

I have to apologize for the time it takes to produce each chapter. This one gave me a headache for a long time.

Madison (ThanatopicFolds) my cool editor helped speed things up, for which I'm grateful. I've also had the kind help of Stylus.

You guys rock.

$$$$$$$$$$$$

The human heart is a puzzle made from pieces of our lives. There is a piece for that first unrequited love, perhaps the girl from your class with the piercing eyes who you were too shy to reveal your feelings to. There is a piece for the time a bully called you terrible names and punched you, just to prove that they could. There is a piece for the time you stood up to that bully. There is a piece for the first kiss. There is a piece for your first sexual experience, and a piece for your first heartbreak. It is an intricate puzzle made of pieces spanning the bounds of our personal universe.

Our puzzle's nature defines its interaction with other puzzles. Some pieces have rough edges, some are sharp, and some are too toxic for any to approach. But sometimes, when two puzzles begin to dance around each other, something strange happens. The pieces synchronise. Aligned, sharp edges gone, borders fused, it becomes impossible to tell where one person ends and the other begins.

-

"He fucking shot me. He got me in the face!"

"Come here. Lemme see your face, Lance," Helen said. She signaled Ryan to watch over the stairwell.

"Got me in the face!" The young marine was shaking, his fear and fury combined. He didn't step towards Helen. "Got me in the face!"

"Shut up!" Helen barked.

"Got me in the face!"

"Let me see your face, Lance." Helen grabbed the young marine in a vise grip. The human touch, more than anything, did the trick, and Lance stopped shouting and shaking. Helen removed his helmet and checked for cuts or bruises. She found nothing and put it back on. "You're fine."

She leaned against the nearby external wall and breathed deeply. The air in Husaybah, Iraq was choked with sand and the acrid smell of burning tires. A dark cloud billowed above the eastern road. Another suicide car.

Andy would come soon, and the marines would go down the stairs where the inferno and pain awaited. She was sitting in her own body, watching the events unfold through two perfect green eyes, but she wasn't the driver. As always, helplessness overwhelmed her.

Someone touched her shoulder.

"Goddamnit! I told you you're okay, Lance!"

"Okay, okay, don't yell at me! Jesus! I'm okay; you're okay. Well actually, I'm okay, you're obviously not, but you can't write a bestseller with a shitty title like that, can you?"

"Kevin?" She turned around.

He sat behind her on a broken wall, his legs dangling, not touching the floor, and his purple eyes were smiling.

"What the hell are you doing in Iraq?"

He shrugged. "Fuck if I know. It's your dream."

"It's dangerous here."

"So I've heard."

"You need to get off this roof, Kevin."

"Why don't you get off? You've been stuck on it for how long?"

"Seven years. Seven fucking years, two months, and twenty nights, every single night."

"Wanna go someplace else?"

"Like you wouldn't believe. But I can't."

"Sure you can. Look around you."

She did. The smell of burning tires and smoke was gone. The sky was clear. There were no distant thump bursts of the M240G. A goldfinch was singing on a nearby elm tree, and she could hear running water. They were standing in a field of wild grass and purple bluebells.

"Where are we?" she said.

"Dunno. It's your dream."

"I know where we are. That's the Eastside River, two klicks from my old neighborhood. It's weird."

Kevin made a backflip in the grass and lay down on his back, staring at a white, feathery cloud high above. "What's weird?"

"The line of buildings behind me. The city's Planning and Development Department demolished that part of the old projects three years ago."

"Good thing they did. Those buildings are ugly."

"I used to live there."

He turned onto his side, propped his head up with his hand, and looked at her. "Good memories?"

Helen nodded. "And bad. What now, Kevin?"

"Depends. What do you want to do?"

"Nothing." Helen laid her tall body on the grass beside him. "Absolutely nothing." She no longer wore her marine uniform but a flowery slip. She closed both eyes and listened. Somewhere in the distance, she could hear two children laughing. "I know where we are. That's the exact spot where I got my first kiss. I remember that tall elm behind us. Scott Pierce kissed me on this exact spot."

"The asshole who joined the other kids who called you cuntboy?"

"He was just a kid. Kids don't have much of a spine, so they have a harder time withstanding peer pressure. She opened her eyes and rolled, turning onto her side so they faced each other. "I'll tell you a secret, Kevin, but you'll have to promise not to tell anyone."

"Okay."

She closed her eyes and leaned forward, pursing her lips.

Someone knocked.

"Fuck!" Helen woke up, and for the first time in eight years, five months, and twenty nights she regretted leaving a dream. She wasn't sweaty as usual, but there was wetness downstairs. "Shit!"

Someone knocked on her door. "Yo, Helen, you decent?"

"Yeah."

Kevin entered the room smiling, carrying a tray of coffee, fresh orange juice, green salad, and a fantastic-looking mushroom bruschetta.

"Wow! Yummy!"

"Yeah, but this is the last time I spoil you like this. The doctor said you should take a day or two to be able to walk on your own. 'A day or two' passed five days ago. I think you're bluffing."

"How dare you?"

"Easily."

Helen took a bite of the bruschetta, and her eyes fluttered. "Goddamn." She put the bruschetta down, and licked each finger clean. "Alright, I promise I'll start walking soon. Like in a day or two, maybe a month, a year tops."

"You're a terrible person, Helen. If someone tells you otherwise, you should correct them."

"Be kind. I don't have an appendix anymore. It's hard." She wiped a fake tear.

Kevin mimed playing a tiny violin, blew Helen an air kiss, and left.

Well, every good thing must come to an end, and the last week had been a dream. Of course, Helen roamed the house freely when Kevin was working or at the university. But when he was home, she pretended walking around was too painful, and he would cook lunch and dinner, bring them to her room, and stay with her. His presence had a relaxing effect on her, even when he was just studying, and they were not watching TV together or sharing a meal he cooked. She was always checking her watch, dreading the time Diana would come home and drag him away.

Helen took her time with her breakfast, savoring every bite. She then tried to go back to sleep to that sweet dream. At least Diana couldn't reach into the dream world and snatch Kevin from it.

-

Sharon Richardson left Kevin a WhatsApp message. It read, "Ginger is an Alpha Pi Alpha you owe me big time xoxo." She also sent a pic. Kevin opened it and sprayed the coffee he was drinking onto the instructor's desk. It was a full-body selfie of her in her dorm bed. She wore only a fig leaf made of cloth, and it had an embroidered message: 'Right here, right now.'

The leaf didn't cover anything.

"You okay, dude?" One of the trainees, a blond guy with the tanned surfer look, enquired.

"Yeah, yeah. Just had me a 'Well, fuck me running' moment, that's all."

"Lemme see."

"Fuck no!" Kevin dumped his mobile into his duffel bag.

"Oh, one of those messages. Don't be an ass. If some bitch sent you pelfie, you gotta share. It's the law. Bro to a bro."

"Oh, I bet. All right everyone, gather round. You guys at the back, move forward. We're not in school; you wanna listen to what the teacher says. My name's Kevin. I'll be your diving instructor. I'm twenty-one, been diving since I was twelve. I got my instructor's certificate two years ago, and I've been diving these waters almost daily since then. You're in good hands. Now let's do a quick...what do you call it when everyone introduces themselves?"

The Siam Club diving classroom used to be crammed with fins, BCDs, wetsuits, and drying regulators. Kevin, with his OCD, put an end to that. Since he'd joined the club, the small room got a facelift and could now rival an air force squadron briefing room.

Kevin nodded and joked as each person told a little about themselves, trying to assert that at least when it came to a sharp tongue, he dominated. He knew it was going to be a tough group. They were all young men in their early twenties, whereas he preferred to instruct women, or at least a mixed older group. For a slim short guy like him, being authoritative around a bunch of wild bucks was always a challenge.

"Okay, I think I can remember everyone's names now. Just so you know, the dude behind you making all that noise is Jack." Kevin motioned to the tall, stocky young man with a long brown braid who was angrily fighting with a locker, pulling stuff out and rummaging through bags. "Jack, take a break from wrecking the club for a sec and say hi."

Jack growled something noncommittal.

"Jack is a divemaster, and he's training to be a diving instructor assistant, so he'll be joining us on all the dives, assisting me."

"Did you see my fucking screwdriver, Kev?"

"He means the tool, not the drink. Don't panic," Kevin said, and the group of trainees laughed. "Chief took your screwdriver."

"Goddamnit! I told him not to touch my stuff."

"We've also been trying to train jack to be an Alpha male. We're not losing hope yet." That got Kevin another round of laughter.

"Why, didn't you tell him not to take my screwdriver?"

"Jack, go to the boat and check if I'm there."

"Just asking."

"Okay then. Who can tell me what's the most important aspect of water for us as divers? Ah, Frank, right?"

"It's Francis." The dark-haired young man with a copious number of tattoos showed his teeth in his weird version of smiling. "It's wet?"

One of his amigos slapped him on the head for being extra dumb.

"Yeah, nailed it. The most important fact is that water is denser than air. In the open air, we carry one atmosphere of pressure. Using Boyle's law, we know that for every 33 feet of salt water you add one atmosphere. It means that at 99 feet, which is the max depth—"

"Hey, Kevin," came a metallic shout from the office's intercom.

"I'm in the middle of class, boss."

"I know. Do you have room for one more student?"

"Only one? No problem, we only just started. Send him in."

"It's a she."

"Even better. I hope she likes testosterone. So there is—"

The door to the small classroom opened slowly. Kevin stared, mouth agape, at his new student, and then he started laughing.

"You said I should start checking out what the world has to offer. Well..."

"Can't get out of bed, eh?"

"I got better."

Laughing, he jumped off his instructor's seat and to everyone's surprise, gave the tall woman at the entrance a warm hug.

"Okay, guys, this is Helen, my former landlord and a good friend. My best friend. She surprised me. I'll do the introduction. Helen is twenty-nine, and a badass. Don't try anything; she knows Krav Maga. The lady got skillz. A veteran, served in Iraq, got a bronze star and an injury to show for it, for which I believe she deserves a round of applause."

"Kevin!" Helen blushed as the gang clapped.

"What? If I am ever a war hero, you get to decide if you wanna brag about it to complete strangers. Find a seat; we're on a schedule here."

Kevin went back to his instructor's seat, shaking his head and laughing. "Okay. Just a side-note here, people, in case any of you are afraid that this course will have favoritism and that I might pay more attention to her. Let me reassure you that you're absolutely right. She's a good friend, and I've known you guys for like ten minutes. But teacher's second favorite pet position is still up for anyone who is a brown-noser. I'm totally into that. Okay then, water and pressure."

-

The club's diving boat, the Black Pearl, was big enough to take thirty divers, and it had space for three scuba tanks for each of them. Kevin was helping Francis to spread the weights on his weight belt more evenly when he noticed Helen slipping off behind the captain's cabin, and went after her. He found her in the stern, readjusting her mask to the point of choking herself.

"What's going on?"

She didn't ask how he knew she was in turmoil. He always knew. Kevin nowadays even helped her in her dreams. "The stupid mask."

"There's nothing wrong with your mask." He took her mask off and readjusted it to a less tight fit. "I gave you a Scuba Pro. We have two of those, and we never give them to students. Try again."

"It's no good; there's almost no vacuum. My eyepatch's string is in the way. I can't take the eyepatch off. I can't, Kevin. I can't take the eyepatch off."

"Okay, okay. Lemme check." He pulled on the mask. "There's enough vacuum, don't worry. Down there, because of the water pressure, everything sits tight. It's okay. You'll be great."

"Are you sure?"

"Are you sure you know which building to buy and which to sell? I've been diving since before I knew you could do other stuff than just peeing with a penis. Now take it off, stop playing with it, and come to the bow. There's a pack of dolphins that have been hunting near the reef lately, and I think I just saw one."

"Okay, okay. I, I get stressed in new situations. Call me paranoid, but I feel like everyone is staring at me, Kevin."

"Of course they are, you idiot."

"What?"

"Helen, this is what happens when you leave your room and those ugly suits you're always wearing to your office."

"Huh?"

"Wait." Kevin went to the cabin and returned with his Samsung. "Smile. Not like you're sitting in the dentist's seat, and he's drilling your tooth. Smile. That's it." He snapped a picture and showed her. "What do you see?"

"Me, stressed?"

"I see a tall knockout blonde with a super-hot body in a very tight black and purple rubber suit. They are all young males over there. They stare. In fact, if one of them wasn't staring, I'd have to assume he's dead."

"Bullshit. Most men aren't into futanari."

"Jack, my assistant, already asked me for your number before we left. Francis asked for it a minute ago. That's two out of eight. I think the other six are seriously considering changing teams."

"What?"

"You're a beautiful woman, Helen; I told you everyone thinks so. Now you know it too."

She stared at him, then back at the group. "Did...did you give them my number?"

"Why not?"

"I'm done with dating."

"Because you had one shit experience with that idiot Dennis?"

"See. Even an idiot didn't want me."

"Come on, Helen! You're on a new road! Try new stuff. If you're not interested, just blow them off."

"Like I would know how to."

"You'll do fine. Only be kind about it."

She checked out her image on the phone. "I do look good."

"That's the spirit."

"I look mighty fine."

"Yeah, yeah, just don't let it go to your head."

"I would stare at me too; I'm hot in that suit."

"I liked the old Helen from ten seconds ago better."

"She's gone. I'm a sexy, confident Helen, and this hot booty is on fire." She slapped her ass playfully, then caught Jack checking her out. She changed into fifty shades of red, wanted to dive into the waves and disappear, then decided that between the old Helen and the sexy, confident Helen there remained a few steps to climb yet.

Kevin laughed. She leaned against the rail, buried her burning face in her hands, and started laughing too.

-

"All right folks, the sea is flat, and the visibility is super good." Kevin made a final round among the divers floating in the water, checking that each air valve was open. "It's great for a first dive. We won't be doing any of the basic drills, just getting the feel of it. Top depth is gonna be thirteen to fifteen feet so there will be no decompression issues, but if you feel ear pressure, you'll need to regulate. If you get vapors on your mask, clean it like I taught you. We usually go down together, but just this once I'll go alone, and Jack will be sending you one by one. Helen, you're first. Go!"

Helen pressed on the BCD's deflator. Nothing happened for a second, but then gravity and the weights took her under the salty water. She had a weird weightless moment and then she panicked because the reef was coming too fast and Kevin said that only assholes touch the reef. She kicked with her fins and shot upwards, then tried to push herself to the sandy bar beyond the reef. She flipped and found herself with her legs up.

Helen searched wildly around her, seeing only deep blue water and rocks. Her breath through the regulator sounded like a tornado blowing. She started turning, kicking uselessly, and waving her hands, trying to find balance. Then a familiar hand closed on hers, and her heart stopped its wild race.

Kevin turned her around slowly, inflated her BCD a little, and Helen found out that she didn't need to continually kick to stay afloat. He swam around her on his back, graceful like a dancer in the deep blue. When he made sure she was well and balanced, he floated in front of her in lotus pose.

He gave her the "Okay?" sign.

She gave him a thumbs-up, then remembered that it was a marine sign and changed to divers' 'I'm okay.'

He signaled her to breathe in and out slowly, but then pointed at his eyes and frantically behind her. She kicked and turned around, feeling like a cumbersome whale compared to Kevin's graceful maneuvers. A long grey shape was coming their way fast. It swam like an arrow and then flipped. Helen tried to follow it and watched in wonder as it plowed into a school of bright-hued fish. The dolphin then turned and swam lazily at them, cutting the water between her and Kevin. It turned its pointy snout at her, curious, then opened its mouth and sang a weird ditty. It sounded like a child playing a comb wrapped in paper. She didn't speak the language but was sure that it was a welcome song and decided that she liked diving. A lot.

Heart racing, she reached out to touch the grey form, but the animal turned and shot away in a blink. Helen turned to Kevin. He pulled his regulator out and blew an air ring out of his mouth. It looked like a spinning alien wheel as it raced towards her.

Helen was five again. A little girl exploring a new world.

Another diver went down, and Kevin kicked his fins to help him. After he fussed around the diver, he sent another set of air rings her way. The rings jiggled, danced, and twisted.

Helen imagined they were bright spinning hearts.

-

"It's just one night."

Diana took the mascara and lipstick from Helen's desk. Helen didn't say anything, but she knew it was unlikely that she'd see either again.

"Not a good idea," Diana said.

"Can't you spare Kevin for a single night?"

"Get your own boyfriend."

"A little more than kin, and less than kind."

"What?" Diana smirked.

"What's the big deal?"

"You go to the movies on Sunday night. You're diving partners. You spend more time with my boyfriend than I do, and now you wanna take him on a real date. Next, you'll want to fuck him too."

Helen closed her eye and her mouth twisted. "Why do you have to be like that?"

"Kevin is not escorting you to a party."

"It's a fundraising event, not a party, and everyone will be arriving with their husbands, wives, and boyfriends. I can't always be different. Poor Helen who can't get a date. I've been telling people for years that I have a boyfriend. Eventually, people will catch on."

Diana searched Helen's drawer and found an eyeliner. "Then don't go."

"I've got to be there."

"Tough!"

"You're something, Diana. Really amazing."



Diana's mobile played Middle Eastern music, and she raised her hand. "I gotta take this." She exited Helen's room.

"Hi."

"Hey, little girl."

"Nadine, listen—"

"Never use my name on the phone again."

"Okay."

"It's payday."

"What?"

"I'm only gonna say this once, so listen carefully. A delivery boy should be coming to your apartment soon with an envelope."

"What's in the envelope?"

"That's the last time you interrupt me when I'm talking. There is a golden ticket you must keep, and directions for an event. Your presence is required. Understood?"

"What event?"

"Understood?" Nadine's voice rose just a little higher, but it was enough to cause Diana to flinch.

"Understood!"

"Good. There's a dress code. It's all explained inside the envelope."

"Okay."

"Bring Kevin with you."

Ten minutes after the call from Nadine, Diana received a call from an unidentified number.

"Ms. Brion?" The voice on the other end was feminine. A southern drawl with the quality of poured honey.

"Who is it?"

"You don't know me. My name is Suzan Owens, I'm an associate of Nadine Tawfiq."

"Is this about the golden ticket event?"

"It's about an opportunity."

-

Kevin drove through rolling hills on the road above the ocean; the full moon shone above the dark silhouette of a tall mansion that was getting closer. For the last five minutes, they had been driving on a private road that twisted between windswept orchards. The tall black fence to their left reminded Kevin of the spine of a mythological beast. The black gate before them was the opening to the monster's gullet. They stopped at the entrance and waited in a line behind a Rolls Royce, a chrome and black Bentley, and a Lincoln limo. Diana's twenty-year-old BMW 320 looked like a kid from the projects on a day trip to the private school.

A tall man in a dark suit and a no-nonsense frown stopped them and motioned to Kevin with a flashlight to drive to the side. He then tapped on the red BMW's window.

"This is a private event." His voice was deliberately gruff as if he'd practiced being an ass in front of a mirror. The guard pointed the flashlight's beam into the car. "What do you want?"

"For you to forget you ever saw me dressed like this," Kevin said. He had on a white robe with the wings of an angel attached and a white halo that completed the look. "She made me wear it, I swear." He pointed at Diana, who wore a black mini dress, black wings, horns, and a devil mask. In her hand, she carried a small trident.

"We were invited," Diana said.

"Do you carry any weapons?"

"You mean her trident?" Kevin said. "She's always carrying it around when it's that time of the month."

"Should I laugh now?"

"You should," Diana said in a low voice. "Later you might die of some horrible disease, amen, and miss a good laugh."

"Yeah, you're real comedians." The guy's face didn't show any emotion. "Do you have the ticket, Mr...?"

"I do," Diana stared at the guard. If eyes could shoot lasers, he would have been a smoldering pile.

Kevin recognized the little muscle that rippled on his girlfriend's cheek. She was about to blow. He placed his hand on her thigh and rubbed it. "I think he means that he wants to see it, baby."

Diana slowly pulled out a golden ticket from her purse; she kept staring at the guard. "What is your name, sir?"

"Sure." The guard snatched the ticket and went into the guard booth.

"Hey, chill."

"I'm not angry," Diana growled.

Kevin snorted.

"I'm always relaxed when I'm planning a murder."

"He only wanted to see our ticket," Kevin said.

"He didn't pull that Rolls Royce aside. He said, 'Good evening, madam' to the girl in the Bentley, but he knocked on our window with a 'What do you want?' Just because of...because—"

"Because we're driving a car that didn't cost like the GDP of Guatemala. I noticed. He's a dick. So what? Fuck him." Kevin kissed her neck, and that took some of the edge off.

"I hate the type."

"Where the hell are we, anyway?" Kevin said. "We've been driving for three hours."

"A lot of important and powerful people are gonna be here tonight." She didn't elaborate, and he didn't ask, because the guard returned with the ticket and motioned them to drive right in. Kevin was afraid that she might initiate a fight, so he reversed quickly and screeched through the gate. "Have a wonderful evening. I hope a crocodile stings you," Kevin said for Diana's sake and made her laugh. He rolled the car up the hill towards the mansion. The road twisted between tall pines; they were wind-bent and eerie.

"Why are we going to a place with a lot of important and powerful people? We're not important or powerful."

Diana took some time to answer. "I'm tired of being someone who doesn't count."

"That's why you're dressed like Satan, and I'm dressed like I was in my second grade Christmas musical? I just hope no one who knows me sees us tonight."

"I'm not planning on driving an old BMW for the rest of my life, Kevin."

"So we're stealing that Bentley? Dope!"

"I don't want to work at that stinking store telling fat, ugly housewives every day that they look wonderful in that dress. I want something bigger. For me. For us. I want to drive a Bentley. I want people to respect me. I want that asshole guard to see me and say, 'Good evening, madam.' Do you understand?"

"Not really."

Diana sighed. "Don't you have dreams, Kevin?"

"Lots."

They reached an open, floodlit parking space built on a cliff. They could hear the waves fighting with the rocks below. Night wind from the ocean was whispering secrets, and the air carried a hint of autumn. An usher in a black suit motioned with a flashlight to their parking spot.

"Well?" she said.

"Well, what?"

"What kind of dreams do you have?"

"Really?"

"Yeah."

That was the first time that she had showed interest. Maybe she was serious about changing?

"I want my dad to get back on his feet, Diana. He's been depressed since my mom and little brother died. I want Mrs. Lewinski to get well somehow; she's got cancer."

"Who the fuck is Mrs. Lewinski?"

"My former landlord."

"What?"

"You asked me what I wish for. I've got a list. I want Mike, my best friend, to wake up and realize that he's not a kid anymore. I really, really want Helen to be happy. I want—"

Diana flinched. "Helen?"

"Tall, blonde. Lives in your house? Wakes up screaming every night? Ring a bell?"

"What about you? Don't you have dreams about your future? About us?"

"Us?"

"You and I."

"There is no us, Diana. There is you pointing a gun at my head, and there is me."

"What the fuck?" She raised her voice. "I don't point anything to your head."

"Four weeks ago, you punched my tooth out and then forced me to crawl back to you by pointing the equivalent of a loaded gun at my father."

"I said I'm sorry."

"Grow up, Diana."

"We had a fight, that's all. People in relationships fight sometimes. They have a difference of opinion, they fight, they make up, and they put it behind them."

"A difference of opinion?"

"Yes. People in relationships sometimes have a difference of opinion."

"Like your opinion that we're in a relationship and my opinion that we're not in any sort of a relationship?"

"Stop the car!"

"We need to park first."

"Stop the fucking car!" Diana screamed and slammed her fist on the dashboard so hard she made a dent. "Now!"

Kevin braked, and Diana jumped out. He wanted to follow her, but another tall guard in a dark suit motioned him to move forward to his spot. He parked the car near the Bentley and looked around. The parking lot looked like a luxury motor show. People wearing evening suits that probably cost a few of his paychecks were moving towards the mansion's main entrance. Most of them wore devil masks.

"Diana?" Kevin shouted and got a half-curious, half-hostile look from the usher. He dialed her number, but she didn't pick up.

A long, sexy leg in sheer black hose emerged from the Bentley Continental like something from a corny movie. Attached to that leg was a tall, curvy Asian-looking futa in a black mini. Her long silken hair was painted dark red. She stared at Kevin for a moment with a pair of almond eyes, her irises a deep pool of restless gold. You could drown in them, and no amount of free diving skill would save you. Kevin stared back for a moment, blinking, mesmerized, but then she donned a devil mask, and the magic was gone.

"Chto ty ishchesh'?"

"Sorry?"

She pulled the mask off. "Oh, you speak English."

"Ah, yes. Fluently."

"That's a refreshing change. Your accent is excellent."

"I know. Some people say I almost sound like a true Yankee."

She stared at him for a second, then smiled. "I thought you were one of Nadine's boys." Her accent had a tint of French in it. "Did you lose something?"

"Just my girlfriend."

"Good luck with that."

"We sort of had a fight."

"Sort of?"

"People do that in a relationship, and I'm in a relationship, whether I like it or not."

"Ah, relationship." She smiled. "When one side is always right, and the other side is always the boyfriend."

"Are you going inside, Ms...?"

"Where else?"

"If you see her there, can you tell her to call me? She's a tall, pretty, slim redhead wearing a black mini dress." He blushed because he realized that description matched the woman in front of him. "She really is a tall, slim redhead in a black mini—I wasn't trying to be a creep and hit on you or anything."

"I wish you were."

"Her name is Diana."

"Lucky Diana. If I see her, I'll tell her that her beautiful angel is looking for her."

"I'm Kevin, by the way."

"I'm Sin." Her handshake was firm.

"Sin? Is that a Chinese name?"

Her lips were so red, her smile seemed like an invitation. "No, it's one of the seven capital vices. Can you guess which one?"

"Gluttony?"

She laughed. "I can see why you two fight a lot. I hope to catch you later tonight, Kevin." She pulled a large suitcase from her car and strode to the castle on her stilettos. Kevin stared at her firm ass bouncing for several seconds, then shook his head and went searching for Diana.

"God, give me the reason to understand my girlfriend, cause if you'll give me the strength, I'll murder her."

-

He found his girlfriend standing at the edge of the cliff, shivering in the chill wind, staring at the restless ocean. She was rocking back and forth, which was how she would calm herself when she was crying. She looked vulnerable in the weak light, half-transparent; almost made of moonbeams. Kevin approached from behind and gently wrapped his arms around her.

"Hey, baby, I'm sorry," he said. "I didn't mean to be such a dick."

"Do you hate me, Kevin?" Her voice was faint.

"No."

"But you don't love me."

"You got hold of my father's promissory note so you can keep me in line."

"Your dad had to pay those gangsters every month. I freed him."

"Free? You're using my dad's promissory note to make me your prisoner."

"Boyfriend."

Kevin sighed. "Let's just go home, Diana."

"If I rip up the promissory note and set you free, will you come back to me eventually?"

"Probably not."

"I appreciate the brutal honesty, baby." She shivered, and Kevin kissed the back of her neck because that always relaxed her. "You don't love me at all," she said.

"Sometimes we have fun together when you're nice. I love the sex, most of the times. I like it when we go dancing. I like it that you're beautiful."

"But you don't love me." Diana closed her eyes. "I love you, Kevin."

"I know."

"I'll never let you go."

"I know."

"Why can't you love me back?"

"We're very different people, Diana." He hugged her tight.

"That's not it. You don't love me because I'm stupid and a nobody."

"You're none of those things."

"If I were successful and rich like Helen, would you take me diving too?"

"I'll take you diving. All you need to do is ask, Diana."

She turned and hugged him back, then leaned and kissed his lips passionately. Her hands went under his shirt. He could feel her hardening.

"Let's go home, Diana. I don't like it here."

"Why?"

"Some of the people over there, I saw them at the arena at Nadine's place. Bad people. We don't belong here." Kevin's voice became pleading. "Please, Diana. Let's just go home and have a ton of sex. I'll do that thing you're crazy about. You know; the tongue roll and the twist."

She bit his lips hard enough to draw blood. "Even if I wanted to, baby, I couldn't."

"Why?"

"I'm gonna be somebody. You'll see."

"You're already somebody, Diana."

"I'll be somebody that people respect. Then you'll love me."

-

The mansion was Victorian, red brick topped with copper domes and spires, some of them greened with patina by the passage of time. There must have been at least a hundred windows on the three floors facing the parking. The interior was no less impressive. The foyer alone could accommodate several semi-trailers. Wooden panels ran along the long corridors, as did ornate chandeliers and oil paintings of old bearded men in tunics and ruffs and somber women in velvet gowns.

From beyond the entrance and down a massive flight of stairs came angelic music, a choir of beautiful young voices singing in perfect harmony, accompanied by a soft harp. Guests were moving down the flight of stairs. Kevin turned to follow, and a hand copped a feel on his butt. He turned around, more annoyed than alarmed. Behind him stood several long-legged futas in black evening dresses. They all wore devil masks, and it was impossible to tell which one of them had taken the liberty with his buns. He frowned at the girl directly behind him, and she snorted in response.

"Uh, Diana?"

"Yes, baby."

"Why is everyone wearing devil masks, and I'm the only one dressed as an angel?"

"Feeling like you're behind the eight-ball again?"

"Like a mouse at a cats' party."

"Welcome to my world."

Someone touched Kevin's shoulder.

"Look now, I know karate." Kevin spun around. "I'm a blue belt."

The young man behind him had tanned skin. He wore a tailored black suit that looked like he was born in it. "Why did you stop at blue belt? Ran out of crayons?"

"I wanted to say brown belt, but I wasn't sure if they have that color in judo."

"It was karate a moment ago."

"Nobody likes nitpickers."

"Ms. Brion, I'm Ethan Price." The young man offered his hand to Diana and shook it with energetic enthusiasm. "Welcome to the Naogen Tokomi event." Ethan had the Italian rascal look. A shock of black hair ruffled with style. Big blue eyes, sparkling with mischief.

Ethan wasn't tall and had the slim look of someone who probably spent a lot of time in the gym. He reminded Diana of a younger version of Robbie Williams. She'd had a crush on Robbie Williams when she was twelve.

He must have noticed her interest because his smile turned cocky. It pushed all the right buttons with Diana. Breathing hard, she turned back to her boyfriend and gave a deep sigh of relief. Kevin still looked super-hot. "It took us a while to get here. I hope we have the right idea about the dress code."

"Not only that, if I may be bold, you look absolutely stunning, Ms. Brion."

"Call me Diana. See, Kevin, that's how you talk to a lady."

"I'll keep that in mind in case I ever meet one."

"I'll be your personal assistant for this evening," Ethan didn't lose his smile for a second. "If you need anything, all you have to do is ask."

"Anything?" Diana smiled right back.

"Anything."

Kevin felt the hair on the back of his neck stand. He wondered why the hell he felt a sharp jab of jealousy. After all, he didn't like his girlfriend. "I'm Kevin." He offered his hand.

"I know. Follow me."

Ethan pulled them out of the stream of guests moving down the big stairs, and they followed him into a long corridor. LED stripes were incorporated into the chessboard tiles and wooden wainscoting, creating the effect of natural light entering through cuts in the wall. They passed several intersections, and Kevin lost his bearings. At last, they came to an area that had drywalls and dirty grey carpets. Someone had gotten fed up with the medieval classical theme and replaced it with a depressing urban office theme. Truly the mark of a twisted mind.

Ethan knocked on a big mahogany door at the end of the corridor.

"Come in." The voice had a heavy southern accent. It reminded Kevin of a sweaty day in August.

Ethan entered a code on a keypad on the wall and pushed open the door to what looked like an office. Again, drywalls and grey carpets designed so they could suck the will to live out of Paddington Bear. It had one redeeming—and confusing—aspect. A massive canopied bed stood in one corner of the room.

At first, Kevin had a hard time understanding what he was seeing. There was simply too much going on.

A young Latino man, a bit on the stocky side, had his back propped up against a big red pillow. A blonde nymph lay between his spread thighs, and her head bobbed up and down on his cock. Another impish young blond man was naked on his knees while the guy getting the blowjob massaged his cock gently. The blond guy seemed oblivious to his surroundings. He leaned over and appeared to be snorting something from a small cabinet. Kevin got all these details and managed to see the silhouette of someone tall sitting at a desk when Ethan placed his hand on Kevin's chest. "Not you, just her."

"What?"

"You're not invited."

"That's okay, baby, you can wait for me outside," Diana said.

"For how long?"

Diana closed the door behind her.

"Just fucking great," Kevin stared at the door for a second, decided to "fuck it", but Ethan gently took his hand off the wood.

"Let me in."

"No!" Ethan had on his cocky smile. Kevin thought he was the stuff toothpaste commercials were made of.

"Look, dude, I know what happens when she's in a room with naked prostitutes. Been there, done that, bought the fucking T-shirt. Let me in."

"You have an appointment elsewhere," Ethan said.

"What?"

Ethan checked his watch. "In twenty minutes."

"With whom?"

"You'll know in twenty minutes."

"It's Nadine? She's here, right? I think I saw Brigitte in a devil mask. I'd recognize her 'don't fuck with me' walk anywhere."

"You'll..." Ethan talked slowly, like one would to a difficult three-year-old, "...know in twenty minutes."

"I don't want to meet Nadine."

"Would you shut the fuck up about Nadine already?!"

Kevin smiled because he'd finally found a crack in Ethan's condescending armor. "What it is exactly that you do here, Ethan?"

"Same as you, minus the stupid questions."

"Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy. But I don't like you, so bite me."

"Not very likely," Ethan said.

"What is this place, anyway?"

"If you don't know, it's probably because you're not meant to know."

Kevin took a deep breath. "Why aren't you dressed like a devil, Ethan?"

"Why aren't you?"

"I asked you first."

"If you don't know, well, ditto."

Kevin rolled his eyes. "Can you pause the CIA movie or the Ninja Turtle movie or whatever movie you think you're part of and talk like a human being?"

"Look at you, getting your knickers in a bunch." Ethan's fake smile vanished. "If I didn't know better, I might have been impressed. All right, dummy. There are two types of people here tonight. One of them is the kind that follows orders."

"Like wearing a silly angel costume when he is told to do so?"

"What do you know, you're not brain-dead after all. The other type came here tonight to have a good time. To wind down. Well, that's just part of the game."

"Can my type of people get a drink, or is having a good time limited to the other kind?"

-

The bar was built like everything else in the place. It spoke of money and power, but not very good taste. Along the wall was every hue of amber liquid in inverted bottles, every vice your heart desires and your liver not so much. It was built on a balcony above the massive ballroom.

Just below the gallery, a choir of young men and women dressed as angels gave a heavenly a capella rendition of "Nearer My God to Thee." They were the source of the music Kevin heard when he and Diana came in. Kevin stood and listened for a few minutes, allowing the harmonic chords to wash over him. For a second, he was back home at his parents' church.

"Tequila soda, double," Ethan said to the freckled platinum blonde behind the counter. The girl wore a white robe and wings and was pretty enough to be a real angel.

"Who do I need to sleep with around here to get hammered?" Kevin asked the bartender.

"I'll get you a drink. You don't have to sleep with anyone, sweetie."

"I insist."

"Sorry, darling. You're a foot too short, and a few hundred thousand greens too poor."

"Give me a chance. Get to know me better, and you'll find out I have a rotten personality too."

"Funny," she said dryly.

"Too short, eh? The story of my life."

"Tragic."

"A Tom Collins might cheer me up, though," Kevin said.

"Ooh, a big boy's drink." She winked at him and offered a tall cocktail glass with some pink bubbly fluid. She had rows of them ready to serve.

"I don't know where you went to bartending school, but this is no gin."

"That's what angels drink." She smiled.

"It looks like Sponge Bob did a drug test in my cup."

"That's what angels drink."

"You've said that already."

The pretty bartender gave him another smile. Kevin decided that he didn't like her.

A fat, on the fringe of obese, man in a blue suit shoved Kevin aside, none too gently. "She said this is what angels drink." The man wore a Japanese devil mask with a massive horn protruding in the middle of the forehead. He also had, under his right arm, an Asian-looking angel girl. His palm was on the girl's ass, and he squeezed it every now and again as he leaned over the counter. "A shot of Jack Daniel's with a Coke. You, boy, drink your shit."

Kevin stared at him, a bit shocked.

"Stop eyeballing me, boy, you're weirding me out." Fatso's eyes behind the mask were red. "Like my big horn?"

"I don't wanna answer that. That's just too weird." Kevin gave the pink fluid a sniff and took a sip. It tasted like cherries, and he placed it back.

The man pulled at his horn, grunted, and it came right off. He gave it to the pretty girl he was fondling. She dutifully took it and poured white powder from the blunt end onto the counter. She then took her time arranging the powder into two neat rows.

The man snorted one line and turned to Kevin. The nose on his mask had white powder smeared all over. He looked like a fat toddler with bad eating habits, or a cocaine commercial. "Have you ever snorted snow from the butt crack of a beautiful angel?" he said to Kevin.

"I called in sick when we had butt-crack snorting orientation day at work."

"How about from the giant cock of a futanari?"

"How about we end this conversation?"

"What's your problem, boy?"

"Low salary, low in inches, and low standards."

A futa girl in black dress and devil mask came up behind them. She had an angelic black boy on a leash. The black dog collar around his neck had studded spikes.

"I get the two kinds of people, Ethan," Kevin said. "I think I've got the short end of the deal." He picked the Jack and Coke glass up from under the nose of the bartender and the fat man, gulped it down, and coughed. "Amazing. Give my homeboy here exactly the same." He slapped fatso on his back. "Just say no to drugs. If they talk back, then you're too late."

Before anyone could make a fuss, he slipped away into the mass of guests, ignoring Ethan's angry calls.

-

Suzan Owens dominated the room from behind her desk, and Diana felt six inches tall even though she was standing. There was an empty chair on her side of the desk, but Diana didn't dare take it, because Suzan hadn't instructed her to sit, and the owner of Naogen Tokomi had an air of authority.

Suzan was in her late fifties, slim and tall, even for a futanari. There was nothing accidental about her look. From her tailored suit to her hawkish nose and her salon-perfect grey hair. Her green eyes had a slight slant, and they didn't miss anything. Punctual comes to mind. The kind of punctuality they had in the SS headquarters in 1940.

No, if Suzan Owens didn't say you could sit, you stood.

The room was painted grey, and appeared to be a regular office. Susan sat at a grim, almost spartan desk with a desktop computer and little else. It was in stark contrast to the canopy bed in the other half of the room. Even more puzzling was what was happening on that bed. The naked nymph and two young men were not having an office conference on it.

Diana didn't dare to look behind her.

"So, Ms. Brion. Do you know why you were invited tonight?"

"Nadine said she needed something from me."

Suzan shook her head. A daring curl fell to her forehead, and she tucked it back in its place. "Well, it's partly true. Nadine wanted you to get this." She pulled a box from behind her and placed it on the table.

"What's inside?"

"Some sort of a receiver and a transmitter," Suzan frowned. She made it clear that she wasn't expecting to answer questions, only to issue orders. "I'm not really an expert when it comes to electronic doohickeys."

"I—"

"All you need to know is detailed in the instructions attached to that package."

Diana nodded; she was too afraid to say anything.

"Ayiii, ayiii, ayiii, ayiii." Behind Diana, the nymph on the bed started singing her orgasm. Short bursts of happy squeals. Not a single muscle moved in Suzan's face.

"Following these instructions will conclude the issue of your debt to Ms. Tawfiq."

"On the phone, you said something about an opportunity?"

Suzan frowned, and Diana flinched. "Ms. Tawfiq has a strong opinion when it comes to you."

"I can guess what that opinion would be." Diana blushed, expecting to get another scary frown but Suzan smiled instead.

"Nadine is not a complex creature. She has two tricks up her sleeve, and they are both as crude as she is. She has her uses, I'll give her that. Violence has its merits. But where she can only see a dead end, I can see opportunity."

Diana nodded. She had long ago stopped trying to guess where this conversation was leading.

"So, Diana Brion. Age twenty-seven. Single. Raised in the projects by a single mother. Has an elder sibling. Tutored by our public system." Suzan talked as if she were reading facts from a sheet of paper, but her green eyes were on Diana.

"Applied to Stanford Law School and scored a 180 on her LSAT. Impressive. Applied for federal aid and was rejected. How did you secure the sixty thousand tuition fee? A loan?"

"My big sister paid for my studies." Diana didn't ask how Suzan knew all those private details about her past, but the woman's nosiness made her angry. Anger made her lose her fear.

"You received honors in civil law, contracts, and LRW. Again, impressive."

Diana shrugged.

"Expelled from Stanford Law School your second year after an incident that involved cocaine, damages to the classroom, and a professor with a broken nose."

"And broken ribs. The futaphobic asshole had it coming."

Suzan smiled. "Was it worth it?"

"Ruining my future? I would do it again."

Suzan smile widened. "Who paid the bills? For the trial and the damages?"

"Helen. My big sister."

"Expelled from Stanford Law School in 2014. Went to Beachside Recovery Center that same year. Luxury rehab? I won't ask you who paid for that because I think I already know the answer."

Diana had a hard time keeping herself from snarling.

"Has been working as a clerk, selling clothes ever since. Now that's what I call a waste of a brilliant mind."

"I have plans."

"Let me guess. Party every night and get high?"

"That's Nadine's opinion of me?"

Suzan's smile turned predatory. "She also said you have zero self-awareness."

"I used to party a lot. I don't do that anymore, ever since... I don't do that anymore. "

"Can you speculate why Nadine wanted you here tonight?" Suzan said. "After all, she really doesn't like you. If she wanted to deliver a package, she could have arranged it with a phone-call and a delivery boy."

Diana wrinkled her nose. "I think she wants to see Kevin."

"Is he really your boyfriend, by the way? From what I've heard it's a weird arrangement between you two."

"He's mine." Diana snarled. "What I want to know is why did you call me in here tonight? So you can look down on me? That's your kick?"

"Look at you. Five minutes ago, you resembled a rabbit caught in the headlights, and now I feel like you're about to go straight for the jugular. Sit down, Ms. Brion!"

Suzan's tone turned commanding, and Diana complied.

"You have a serious attitude problem, girl. You'll have to fix that if you want to work for me."

"Work for you?"

"Do you know the Attic dance club near the old harbor?"

"Shitty parking. Bouncers are assholes. Drinks cost too much, and there's little variety."

"I wasn't oblivious to the fact that it was a failing business, though I had no idea why, and I couldn't care less. I purchased the Attic recently, and I'm considering purchasing another club. The current management and I don't see eye to eye, and I'm looking for a replacement."

Diana stared at her, mouth agape.

"I have many people working for me who would love to fill that position. However, I'm looking to pour some fresh blood into the lines."

"I have no idea how to manage a nightclub."

"Do you seriously believe that I'm unaware of that? I'm not looking to invest in a failing dance club for the hedonistic millennial generation. I need a person with something between her ears who is also a go-getter, Diana. Someone who marks a target and goes for the kill. Just like you did with your boyfriend."

"You need someone with flexible morality?"

Suzan smiled.

"Would this job require me to work in the grey areas of the law?"

"That's the wrong question."

"When can I start?"

"That's the right question."

-

Kevin blended into a crowd of young boys dressed as angels. He saw Ethan searching for him on the floor below and decided to disappear into one of the lesser lit rooms. He didn't fancy meeting Nadine. Last time they talked, it ended with a bang.

Inside the room on an elevated stage, a guy dressed as a harlequin was giving the "Friends, Romans, countrymen, I've come to bury Caesar" speech from Julius Caesar. Kevin wasn't sure if the few guests in this room were watching him or the two futa girls who were having animalistic sex on stage. There were three rows of seats, most of them empty, and since it was the first time that Kevin ever saw a dickgirl being on the receiving end, he sat down to stare.

The Indian girl on the pitching end of the cock was wearing a leering devil mask. The mask had fiend's forked tongue that lolled with her thrusts. Her powerful body was wrapped in a crimson silk robe, open, her curves glistening with sweat. Her hips moved sensually when she was balls deep inside her partner. Every now and then she pulled back, waited for a second and then pounded, doggy style, her naked partner, a chubby blonde futa with a milk-white complexion. Her massive cock came out, dripping, and then plunged back in fast.

The blonde arched her back and howled. Her own cock moved like a bell, its head purple and leaking with each thrust in her bowels. Her bosom heaved and bounced, clapping each time her partner bottomed inside her.

The round mass of the blonde's ass started moving backward in rhythm to meet the thrusts. It possessed enough meat that each time brown and white collided, it made the sound of a drum.

"Is this seat taken?"

Kevin turned around. Sugar and spice and everything deliciously nice. Sin stood above him. She looked a bit disheveled, but Sin disheveled was still hotter than a supernova. "Is this seat taken?"

"Yeah. It's dating the couch over there. Kind of serious. I think the couch is about to pop the question."

Sin placed her shapely ass on the seat next to him. She gave a tired sigh and raised her leg to rest on the empty chair in front of her. "Did you find your girlfriend, Kevin?"

"And lost her again."

"Two fights in a single night?"

"Give it a chance; the night is still young. We'll have another two before it ends. Why aren't you wearing your devil mask?"

"It's uncomfortable, and I'm not that important that I need to hide my face."

"Are there important people in here tonight?" Kevin said.

"At least four judges that I know of, and some high-profile businessmen. The asshole I saw you bump into at the bar is a congressman."

"That dude was high as a kite."

Sin shrugged.

"Warms my heart to know that my tax money is being put to good use."

On the stage, the Indian girl's grunts of sexual effort had an animalistic quality, while her partner answered with heaves of a man on the last miles of a marathon. It was evident she was exhausting herself, and that she usually didn't work that hard in the bedroom. It took her a short while before she was panting and breathing hard. Her partner slapped her ass hard, making it quiver like jelly.

"Do you mind being a gentleman and massaging my feet, Kevin? They're killing me. New shoes."

"I..." She was too hot to refuse. "Sure." "You're sweet." She moved her chair closer, kicked her high heels off, swiveled, and rested her feet on his thigh. Either deliberately or accidentally she pressed her heel to his cock. Kevin was already hard because of the show, and he squirmed uncomfortably. "Hmmm... that's nice," she said as he started rubbing her toes.

"Can I ask you for a favor?" he asked.

"Does it involve sex?"

"No."

"Crap."

"I have no idea where I am, who you people are, or what am I doing here, and no one is willing to explain. Not even my girlfriend."

"Sometimes ignorance is really bliss." Sin stared at him for a few seconds, smiling.

"So, 'fuck off' with a smile. That's the same answer I got twice already, minus the smile."

Sin's smile got bigger.

"Please. I'm just...I feel lost. It's like I'm in the Eyes Wide Shut mansion and I...my girlfriend, she...look, it's not like I'm going to call the police and tell on you."

"Go ahead. There are two police commissioners in here tonight."

"Figures."

"Have you heard of the syndicate, Kevin?"

"I heard the name Naogen Tokomi thrown around."

Sin shook her head. "Naogen Tokomi is just a company name. A straw company, actually. A respectable front. The syndicate is just a fancy name for a bunch of organizations that decided, not so long ago, that instead of stepping on each other's toes, it'd be best for everyone's interests to cooperate."

"Organizations, like criminal organizations?"

Sin smiled at him again. "You stopped massaging my feet."

"Sorry."

"It's more like a committee that handles conflict of interests. Eliminating competition. It defuses a lot of situations that would otherwise turn ugly. It decides who gets which sphere of influence."

"So Nadine is in charge of sex workers, illegal boxing, and extortion, and another guy gets the drugs and bank robberies?"

Sin turned her head sharply. "You know Nadine?"

"A little." Biblically, he thought. Actually, he knew very little of who she was and what she was. He'd only caught glimpse of that.

On the stage, the dominating futa pulled her cock out entirely with an obscene plop. She motioned a petite brunette waitress in an angel outfit to come closer. She then took the tray of drinks from the delicate hands and spilled wine on the blonde futa's back.

"Lick!" She ordered the waitress. Her voice through her devil mask sounded alien.

The little angel kneeled and started licking the broad back of the blonde futanari from top to bottom.

The standing futanari spread the blonde's massive ass cheeks, in the process letting everyone who cared to know that she had widened the blonde's tunnel considerably with her cock. She picked up another cocktail glass and flooded the gaping orifice.

"Drink!" she barked.

The petite waitress moved on her knees to the end of those fleshy white globes and buried her head between them. Everyone could hear her slurping.

The standing futa wrapped her palm lovingly over her pointing cock. She aimed at the petite waitress' winking buns and sank her cockhead in them. The waitress shuddered and turned her head.

"Did I tell you to stop drinking?"

The girl turned her head back to her obscene cup and resumed licking. Her fingers dug into the pliant flesh of the massive ass as the futa's cock slid a little forward, then retreated. Back and forth within her, spearing her core. Both bodies tensed and moved in a rhythm, forward, retreating, flowing through. The cock went deeper with each thrust. The Indian futa's growls filled the room as she increased the pace further, hands on the small hips as she plowed into the waitress. Then she buried herself deep, fingers curled around her outer thighs, balls against her perineum.

Kevin stared at the stage with his mouth open. "I'm not sure if I'm more aroused or repulsed."

"The syndicate arranges these nights every now and then. It's mostly about sex." Sin motioned with her head at the obscene show. "Well, people also use the scene to shake hands. Make things happen. Big money will be moving tonight. But it's mostly about sex."

"Sex? With people wearing angel costumes?"

"Sex of every kind you can think of and some that you probably can't. Sex is a strong incentive. Only selected people ever see these events from the inside."

"I feel so privileged."

Sin snorted.

"So you're here to have fun?"

"I'm a freelancer, not a syndicate woman. I'm here to offer my services."

"What services?"

She pressed her heel hard on his cock.

"Oh, that kind."

"And more. Much more. Lean closer and I'll tell you."

Kevin did, but instead of whispering she swallowed his ear and munched on it. Her tongue went into his ear and Kevin giggled like a schoolgirl and pulled back.

"Don't!" Her tone changed and turned commanding.

Kevin smiled, but when he saw that she didn't, his smile turned to bewilderment and then he felt his heart beating a little faster.

"You've been eyeballing my body from the second you met me, and now you're trying to pretend that you don't want to?!"

"What? No, I didn't."

"So, you're saying I'm not hot!"

"No, you're...I mean..." Her beautiful eyes were frighteningly angry, and he turned his head to the stage to avoid looking at them.

She leaned closer. "Don't look at them, look at me!" Kevin's heartbeat rose to a drumbeat.

"Maybe you're saying that I'm delusional and that I can't interpret the simple signs you've been sending me?"

"What? No! I...I'm sorry that I made you angry. I didn't mean to...I'm so—" He stopped in mid-sentence because her eyes were smiling again; her mouth joined in a second later. "What the fuck?"

"That's the service I supply. "

"Multiple personality disorder?"

Sin laughed. "Domination."

"And people dig that?"

"It's an adrenaline rush to some. Sexual high. Want me to show you?"

"I..." he stumbled. "I think I'll pass."

"Afraid you'll like it, Kevin?"

"Afraid that you won't."

"I'm getting wet just thinking about you naked."

Kevin coughed a little to clear his throat. Not that his throat needed clearing, he just couldn't think of anything to say. The direct approach of these women made his skin red with desire, but sometimes it was an overload.

"You're shy?" she said.

"Didn't you say you came here to work?"

"I'm done working tonight. It's fun time. Look, Kevin, I can have my pick of lace boys and lace girls, but frankly, I would rather have you. You are, hands down, the hottest thing in here tonight." Sin placed her hands behind her neck, which accented her perfectly round mounds.

"Thanks?" He swallowed. "But you see, my girlfriend. I didn't invent her. She's real."

"She ditched you twice already, and now she's in one of the rooms here doing who-knows-what with who-knows-whom."

"Maybe. Probably."

"So?" she said.

"I'm not into spanking and all that. More of a 'Make love not war' kind of guy." Kevin wondered when his morals about cheating turned into negotiation about the type of sex.

Sin leaned closer and took a bite of his lip. "A night with me is something you'll remember for the rest of your life."

"Why, you've got herpes or something?"

At that moment on the stage, the dominating futanari girl tensed and pulled out entirely from the butt she was pounding. She wrapped her hand lovingly around her cock and started giving it rhythmic jerks. She aimed at the angel waitress who was still slurping wine from the anal tunnel of the blonde futanari.

The first spurt of warm liquid came out of the bulbous tip and decorated the waitress' auburn hair like a Christmas tree.

The girl turned her head, surprised, and got the next burst directly between her eyes.

"Did I tell you to stop drinking?"

The girl, sperm droplets covering her face and dangling from her chin, returned to slurping the hole while the futa kept decorating her hair.

"You! Pretty angel!" The futa pointed at Kevin. "Idi syuda!"

"What?"

"That's Russian for 'come here!'" Sin said. "She thinks you're a lace boy."

"Come here!" The futa on stage reverted to English. "Lick me clean!"

"I have stage fright." Kevin stood up. "Plus I'm less into licking dicks that have just visited strange butts."

"What?"

"I feel it doesn't define me."

"What?" The devilish mask turned its full attention to him. In fact, every devil mask in the room turned his way. Even the Shakespeare-quoting actor stopped talking. Maybe angels weren't supposed to have an opinion?

"Oops, my time's up." Kevin pretended to look at his watch. "Yep. I have a train to catch. Sorry. I forgot, but I need to take the last train back home. You coming?" he asked Sin. Not checking whether she followed, he turned around and gave his best Usain Bolt impression.

Sin rose and ran after him, holding her shoes in her hand, laughing with glee.

-

"There is a line that we never cross. Cheekiness. It draws attention, and we don't like attention. Attention brings complication."

Diana nodded and fidgeted in her seat as the evening grew longer. She imagined taking an axe and chopping Suzan's head off. The head would probably keep on talking for a full twenty minutes after the decapitation. One thing she had learned tonight was that her new boss liked the sound of her own voice.

"Do I bore you, Diana?"

"No, it's just that my boyfriend is waiting outside."

"Is it Nadine that you're worried about? Don't be! I made sure that she won't meet him tonight. He's in good hands." Suzan pressed the intercom on her desk. "Ethan, please step into my office."

The young man entered the room. He wasn't as cheerful as he'd been when Diana met him earlier. In fact, he looked downright scared.

"Ethan, dear," Susan's smirk could make fingernails on a blackboard cringe and onions cry. "Where is Diana's boyfriend?"

"I'm so sorry."

"I gave you a simple task."

"I'm so sorry, Ms. Owens." The young man's eyes darted between his boss and Diana, he was shaking, and Diana couldn't help but feel sorry for him. He looked like he was about to perform Seppuku. "I lost him in the crowd. I'm so sorry."

"I'm afraid that It's not me who you're supposed to ask for forgiveness. It's your new boss that you just failed."

"I'm so sorry, Ms. Brion."

Diana stared at Suzan, then at Ethan, and back to the elder woman.

"What? You figured I was going to just drop you in the cold water hoping you would float? No, honey, as much as I trust my gut feeling about you, there is just too much money involved. You'll have Ethan as your personal assistant. He'll teach you the ropes. When he's not entirely incompetent, he's actually a great help."

Diana blushed. She felt giddy. Despite her words to Kevin earlier, she came to this meeting with zero expectations. Deep down, she didn't believe there was a real opportunity waiting for a former drug addict like her.

"And don't you worry for a moment about Kevin, I have good men out there who will pick him up."

"Thank you."

"I take care of my own, Diana. Make me happy, and the sky is the limit. I'm taking a risk with you. Don't disappoint me."

"I won't."

"Good. I think you'll enjoy working for Naogen Tokomi. There are many perks that our management enjoys. Especially tonight."

-

"There's an echo here. Hellllloooo." Kevin gave it a try, but since his voice didn't bounce off the walls, he helped it a little by adding, "lo, lo, lo."

"How old are you, Kevin?" Sin asked from a nearby bathroom.

"Yeah, I know I'm childish. Wow, you have a bazillion handcuffs." He approached the wall that had a display of cuffs of every material and color hanging, waiting to be used. He picked a pink pair of cuffs with a Hello Kitty picture and whirled it around his finger before placing it back. "If a lot of people decide to break the law all at once tonight, then we're totally prepared."

The basement that Sin led him to lay in the lowest level of the mansion. Someone had painted the concrete walls from end to end with brown bricks, giving the room the illusion of a dungeon. It had a massive seaside window with a view overlooking the dark bay. Sin halted the hum of the air conditioner when they entered and opened the window. Now the salty smell and the murmur of the waves below dominated the room. It made Kevin less anxious, as he never like closed basements. The ocean, on the other hand, had always felt like home.

There was a lot to be anxious about.

Chains hung from the ceiling. Maybe Sin liked hanging stuff? A medieval rack stood in one corner, its scare effect somewhat diminished because someone used it to hang several lacy bras. In another corner, a human-sized cage awaited, like something from a Lord of the Rings movie.

Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition, but hey.

A red canopy bed stood near the window. It had straps in each corner, probably to tie down and sacrifice virgins. Kevin jumped on it and, careful not to damage his angel wings, lay down spreadeagle. He closed his eyes and imagined Sin naked above him.

"Why the hell do I feel so guilty?" he wondered. "Diana is probably fucking those lace boys right now. She knew exactly where she was taking me."

An open armoire leaned against the wall near the bed, and a stack of colorful photos caught his eyes from one of the shelves. He checked behind him; Sin was still busy in the bathroom. He lay back on the bed because his mother told him that people's private affairs are private. She never told him her policy for BDSM, though. Should he...?

That thing that kills cats won the fight ten seconds later.

The photos showed Sin at her work. In one picture she was naked, spearing the butt of a man held in a medieval punishment stock. In another, she was dressed in lace, holding a whip. In yet another photo, a man encased entirely in a black rubber suit was sucking on her dick. His hands were tied behind his back and attached to a hook. Kevin noticed a tattoo sticking out under the rubber sleeve. It was the 'Fi' end of the Marines' Semper Fi, just like Helen had tattooed on her shoulder. He also wore a gold Rolex inlaid with diamonds. Sin's clients were the high and mighty.

"Kevin, you've gone really quiet; you still there?"

"No." Kevin quickly shoved the photos back into the armoire.

"I thought you got cold feet."

"What's the cage for?" He said. "Oh, I see the whip. You train Bengal tigers in here when you're not BDSMing?"

"You don't know much about the scene, do you?"

"Spanking is on my to-do list of hobbies." He opened the cage and crawled inside. Even though it had bars, the confined space felt claustrophobic, and he jumped out. "I promise I'll get to it right after I'm through with my current fetish."

"What's that?"

"Watching Game of Thrones with Helen."

"Who?"

"Diana's sister. We're on Season Seven. Awesome season."

"Don't spoil, I still haven't finished Season Five."

"One of Khaleesi's dragons turns vegetarian, Ed Sheeran joins the ice zombies' army, and they sew his mouth shut so he can't sing."

"I love Ed Sheeran."

"Who doesn't? Well, the ice zombies, but what do they know? They're dead."

"Ready to discover a new world?"

"Not sure."

"Spoken like a true untrained submissive." Sin stepped out of the bathroom.

Kevin opened his mouth and took a few seconds to close it.

"Well?"

"Hohhot!" He huffed. "And shiny."

There wasn't as much leather as he expected. A butterfly-decorated red collar held onto a tight red bodice made of red PVC. It hugged her form, cinched her waist to pencil width, flared the hips, and barely contained her round bust. It was strategically open at the front to allow her one-eyed monster freedom.

Black leather boots, going up almost to her crotch with dagger stilettos completed the image. They added several inches to the menacing figure, and Sin wasn't short to begin with. Those dangerous-looking heels clicked on the black tiles as she vamped towards Kevin.

"I'm a ten percent scared and ninety percent horny right now." Kevin's smile was faint.

As she approached, hips swaying, Sin picked up a riding crop that was hanging from a nail on the wall.

"More like fifty-fifty now."

She swished her crop and slashed it against her boot. It wasn't an act of showmanship or intimidation. She did it like a man flexing his muscles. Still, the crack was loud enough to make Kevin jump.

"Can we just cuddle instead?"

"I don't do vanilla."

"How about mint chocolate chip?"

Her face was passive, almost aloof. Kevin hoped she was merely in character. He liked her former enthusiasm better. Diana was slimmer, younger and prettier, but Sin compensated with a truckload of sex appeal.

"Sin, I—"

"It's Mistress."

"Mistress Sin or just Mistress?"

"Stop fidgeting. Don't move, Pet!"

"Kevin."

"Here it's Pet."

Kevin shuddered. "Right on, Mistress. I'm no expert, but don't we need a safe word or something?"

Sin circled him, standing behind his back. He heard her exhale and felt the warm air tickling his neck. "We can use my real name as a safe word, Pet."

"I don't know your real name."

"Exactly."

"Ha, ha. Ooh, I have an idea. Helen made me watch a movie the other day."

"Helen again?" Her voice lost some of its indifference.

"A children's movie, an oldie about an English nanny who flies around on her umbrella and she and the kids she's supposed to take care of do a lot of acid together and have some crazy trips."

"Mary Poppins?"

"You've seen it? So, the safe word is supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, Mistress."

"Pet, the world is divided into people who say supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, and those who actually have a sex life."

"Helen said—"

"Shhh... No more Helen." Sin trailed her finger down his neck; her manicured nail felt like a claw on his warm skin. Kevin shuddered. "There is only room for one mistress in here, and it's me."

"Helen is not a mistress, she's a friend."

Sin frowned.

"She's amazing. Like Superman and Spiderman in a single body."

"I don't want to hear her name again."

"Okay, Mistress."

"Take that silly costume off."

"What?"

Kevin wasn't ready for the slap. It landed fast on his buttocks and he howled, more surprised than pained. He thought it was the riding crop, but then he realized Sin smacked him with an open palm.

"This is your first session, so I can cut you some slack, but that's the last time I instruct you to do something and you reply with anything other than 'Yes, Mistress.'"

Kevin had a brief moment when he considered ending it then and there, but he steeled himself. He wasn't Diana's toy, and if she was having fun, then so could he. He wasn't going to back down like a little girl because some girl spanked him once. This was intense, and Sin was hot. His cock was rising up for the occasion, and she'd hardly even touched him yet.

"Yes, Mistress." He slowly peeled the angel robe off.

"Faster!"

He didn't want to be slapped again.

"Eyes on the floor!"

He wasn't disappointing. Slim with a triangle body and sun-kissed muscles. Sin told him to look down because she didn't want him to see her biting her lower lip as she assessed his body. Part of her act was to never show enthusiasm. She should be worshipped, not the other way around.

"Nice underwear. Are those cats riding tricycles?"

"It's vintage."

A giggle escaped her lips; he was just too sweet. Sin circled behind his back once again. "Take it off."

Kevin's face turned red while she assessed him. His hands kept clasping in feeble attempts to cover himself.

Her hand snaked around his body and grabbed his cock. "You're excited, little Pet." Her palm closed on his length and she massaged his tip, which was leaking his excitement. "BDSM is not a spanking fetish," she whispered. "It's not about ropes, and it's not about being tied down or being whipped. That's just kinky sex."

"Then what's it all about?" he said, then added quickly, "Mistress?"

"On your knees."

Kevin dropped down.

"Good boy."

That kind of stung, because Diana had only recently stopped calling him 'good boy.'

She leaned down to his height. "BDSM is about a relationship between a dominant and a submissive based on trust and respect."

He shivered, and not because it was cold. Fear and excitement coursed through his veins and touched his skin, then rode the highway to his pleasure center.

"Sometimes pain, humiliation if that's your kick, but always respect."

He wanted to tell her that humiliation and respect kind of cancel each other, then he heard the swish of the crop, and decided that if she hit him with it, he was going to bail. He ground his teeth.

The crop swished again, centimeters from his skin. The air rush made him flinch.

She was more on top than his dominant girlfriend. Actually, she could give Diana lessons in domination. But despite the fact that he was in the dark, he could sense Sin was nothing like Diana's random cruelty and sudden outbursts. Diana allowed her insecurity to control her, while Sin oozed confidence. There was a practiced rhythm to the way she treated him. It was deliciously frightening. He decided to try to suck it up like a man, or an idiot. He wasn't sure.

Her hand touched his hair, and he jerked even harder than when she slapped him. He was ready for everything except the loving way she let her fingers roam his blond locks.

He had no way of knowing it, but Sin was far from balanced or confident. She stared, confused, at her own raging erection. Years ago when she found her kink was dominating men and that she excelled at it, it became a way of life. However, making money out of it had somewhat dulled the edge. It took some concentration and a lot more stimulation nowadays for her to achieve gratification.

Kevin's shivering form pushed all of her buttons. There was something in his scent—the delicious fear she so much cherished in submissive new trainees, but something else too. She ached to forgo all her training. Pounce on him and ravish him until she heard him scream, either her name or from pain.

She had to stop for a minute, calming her excitement with a deep-breathing exercise. Mind over body. The blood stopped rushing into both her heads, and she gave a deep sigh of relief.

He turned his head. "You okay?"

"It's Mistress." She stomped her foot hard on the floor, surprised again by her lack of control. "You just earned yourself your first punishment. Don't look at me. Eyes front. Bend forward, hands and knees."

Kevin complied quickly, remembering her hand slapping his buttocks.

His squirming body had an instant effect, and her soldier jumped right up.

"Goddamn."

She needed a distraction. Her boots clicked and clacked on the floor behind Kevin. She went to her armoire, and when she returned she lay the crop on the floor so he could see it. He shivered again. Her hand went to his back and started rubbing him gently. He was skittish at first, expecting her to deliver on her promised punishment. But as time went by and nothing happened, Kevin moved back into her soothing touch.

Her other fingers trailed down his back, between his ass cheeks. Finding his hard cock, she gently squeezed his member along its length. When she felt his wetness, she licked her lips.

"You seem to be excited, beautiful Pet."

"Yes, Mistress."

Kevin heard the sound of lotion squeezed and he felt her fingers on his ass-cheeks, spreading him open. Another finger trailed his crevice, it touched his sack that was stretched and aching. Sin massaged his balls, and then her finger went up again, circling his starfish.

"Oh." A little gasp escaped his mouth and Sin smiled.

A wet finger entered his anus, and Kevin jerked.

"Shhh." Her free palm went to his bare back again and caressed him. His distress was delicious, but she wanted his experience to be a good one. Sin already decided that this was not going to be a one-night thing. Here was something special, and she would take her time to explore him and enjoy everything he had to offer.

She eased her finger into his sensitive ring, feeling the tempting heat of his ass clasp around her. Her finger probed his soft tunnel, and Kevin hunched up as if this were his first time. His ass nibbled on her finger, amusing her. "What's the matter, jumpy little rabbit? Isn't your girlfriend a futa?"

He never told her that Diana was a futanari. How the hell did she know? Again, he considered bailing out.

Sin's other hand wrapped around his cock. She didn't jerk him, she milked him gently, and Kevin heard himself moan.

He let his suspicions slide because he liked her touch. He came to her room because he was a little drunk, a little angry with Diana, and a lot horny and curious. He thought this game was about pain and humiliation, not tenderness.

"Good boy," she praised when he relaxed and started moving into her finger.

She pulled her finger out and inserted it again. Then she added another wet finger. Kevin flinched but kept his eyes on the front. His body moved back into her waiting fingers. Hours of training with Diana had conditioned his body. A clear line of precum started forming at the head of his untouched cock, dripping down to the floor.

Sin shivered. The effect he had on her amazed her and angered her. She started breathing deeply with each rock of his hips, trying to regain control. She almost pulled her fingers out to make room so she could spear him. It was her right as a dominatrix. Her pleasure always came first.

Kevin grunted and pushed back.

"Good boy!"

He liked to be called 'good boy' by her. He wanted to be a perfect boy.

"You like this, don't you?"

He wanted to say 'Yes, Mistress,' but he choked and just nodded, blushing. Anal sex was something only deviants practiced. When he was younger, he was sure it was as true as the sea was wet or the sky blue. Even now, after months of being Diana's boyfriend, he couldn't speak the words out loud. He was too ashamed to tell Helen, but just like the priest she remembered from her childhood in West Englewood, the pastor in his Catholic church back home had a warm spot in his heart for gays, transgender, and futanari. He usually mentioned them when he talked about the fires of hell.

Sin saw his shame and allowed the affront to slide. Domination was about humiliation sometimes, but not tonight. She would save that morsel for another session. She'd have him addicted and begging.

"On your knees."

He rose to his knees and grunted when her fingers slipped out of his body.

"I'm going to collar you."

"Mistress?"

"What?"

"Collar? Like...like a dog collar?"

"It's a sub training collar, with my butterfly emblem on it. It means that you're my property." Sin pulled out a black leather collar she always carried in her duffel bag and wrapped it around his neck. Kevin's hand went to it immediately. The leather was smooth against his skin, and he ran his finger over it, shuddering when he touched the metal ring in the middle.

What next? A leash? Yep, he was going straight to hell.

"Up! On your feet!" It was a command, but her voice came out strangely.

He stood up and turned to her, questioning. Her face was red and her teeth clenched. She was breathing hard.

"Eyes on the wall!" she barked. "Don't look at me! Hands on the wall!"

"Yes, Mistress." He turned.

Sin blinked and wiped sweat from her forehead. She was fighting a losing battle. A dominatrix was always in control, but the sight of her own collar around his neck almost caused her to shoot her seed in the air.

She usually trained a sub for weeks, sometimes months before she penetrated him, and then only after he begged her to.

Discipline! Breathe, slowly, in and out. Don't let a twenty-year-old kid control you. You're the dom, he's the sub.

"Why don't you want me to look at you, Mistress?"

"Because I said so." Also because his purple eyes were bewitching.

"I just want to point out that I like looking at you, Mistress Sin, you're beautiful."

Discipline is fucking overrated, she thought as she grabbed his hips, lowered herself and speared him from behind.

Kevin cried out, surprised. She was thick, but nothing he couldn't handle. The pressure was intense, and Kevin felt the head of her cock rubbing around. His tight ring hugged around the thick ridge of her cock. Sin sunk her fingers in his hips and exerted some more pressure on his ass. She pulled him back and urged her hips forward, drawing a long gasping breath from him as she sank the length of her thick cock into his tiny hole.

"You're such a good boy," she whispered, closing her eyes and tilting her head back, pulling him lower. "Such a good boy." Her toes curled as she fought lust.

Sin put her hands under his chest and pulled Kevin up, lifting him up on her dick. She then stood straight up, pulling him completely off the floor. His legs kicked uselessly, and he wiggled on her cock. She was deep, but she wanted more.

"Relax," she whispered.

She usually made the spearing a special event. Prolonging it. It cemented the bond. She wanted to last if only to prove to herself that she could.

She penetrated to the hilt, lifting his slim body up in the air, and Kevin's cheeks closed around the last inch of her cock. Sin's eyes followed the path of her cock as it traversed between his cheeks, spearing him and sinking into the welcoming heat of his ass. His tunnel was heaven, clasping her sensitive cockhead in silk and warmth. She pulled him to her body, hugging him tight, tasting his shoulder.

"So beautiful," she whispered. "You're something else, Kevin."

Breathe. Retake control. She'd show Kevin what domination was. She planned to keep him speared for the next two hours.

Kevin clenched his butt, just like Diana had taught him to, and Sin's lower head played Judas. Her balls contracted, and she started shooting her seed deep inside his tight body.

"You're," he huffed, "you're not too bad yourself...I mean, Mistress."

-

"Boss?"

Diana stared at Nadine's box and wondered what evil lurked within. She then turned her head to the black suitcase Suzan had left her. She caressed the button and pressed it slowly. The click sounded like an ejaculation. Diana started counting the green stacks inside for the twentieth time. "One, two, three..."

"Ms. Brion?"

"Huh?"

"Do you prefer Diana, or should we keep it formal?" Ethan had his cocky smile again. He grew confident when Suzan wasn't around.

"Did you just call me boss?" she said.

"Too provincial?"

"I like the sound of that. Nine, ten, eleven—"

"Boss it is." He sounded disappointed. "One hundred and eighty thousand dollars, it's all in there, boss."

"Isn't it a bit dangerous to carry so much money around?"

"It's Suzan's money."

"Looks like regular US dollars to me."

"I digress. It's not Suzan's money per se, she just handles it for them, and considering who it belongs to, a man would need to be suicidal to try and steal it."

"Who does it belong to?"

Ethan shrugged.

"You're right, I don't want to know."

"Don't you worry for a second, boss. We'll deposit everything together on Monday. I'll show you. Easy peasy lemon squeezy."

Everyone treated her as a simpleton, even her so-called assistant. She leaned on the suitcase, closing the lid, then pressed the button again.

"Let me take that off your hands." He pulled the suitcase, and Diana let go of it reluctantly. "Please. The kind of thing that we have here tonight is special. We don't throw these parties often. Twice, maybe three times a year."

"What kind of thing do we have here tonight, exactly?"

"A night of pleasures and exploration."

"So, cheap prostitutes, alcohol and drugs."

Ethan stared at her for a second. Reassessing. "Pretty much."

"Cool."

"Well, pretty much except for the cheap part. Suzan left you here so you can enjoy the facilities." Ethan pointed at the bed. Her new boss had left them earlier, saying she had other business to attend to. But the three naked angels remained on the massive bed. The girl was snoring lightly, her head lying on the chest of the blond boy, whose eyes were glazed. The second boy, a stocky Latino with the muscles of a wrestler, was up and staring at her.

"Or if none of that is your thing, I can..." Ethan's smile turned cocky again.

Diana straightened her mini dress, not because it needed straightening. She caught Ethan staring up her legs when she did. Yep, she still had it.

Time to change the dynamic. "What exactly do you do as my assistant, Ethan?"

"Anything you want, boss."

"Coffee?"

"Sure, but—"

"But what?"

His hand clenched and his face reddened. "But nothing. I...I just wanted to say how glad I am to be working under you."

"Cappuccino, nonfat."

Ethan nodded and scurried away. Diana sat her ass on Suzan's chair and leaning back, lifted her legs onto the desk. She gave the trio on the bed another scan. The girl had an elfin beauty. Blonde, delicate, her skin almost transparent, like a sculpture made of glass. Women were usually not her thing, but this girl was on par with Kevin's exotic beauty. Well, almost.

Ethan returned two minutes later with a big cup. He frowned at her cheekiness when he saw her feet on Suzan's desk, but he said nothing.

Diana gave him her sweetest smile. "Your boss is generous regarding prostitutes but cheap on the coffee machine?"

"What?"

"There should be vapors coming off the top."

"Ms. Brion, I think you misunder—"

"Call me boss."

He nodded and went for another cup.

First impressions were important. Diana pondered whether she should send Ethan for another round when he returned with her coffee.

"This is as hot as it gets," he said.

"Place it on the table, let it cool down a little. You look like someone who can give proper neck massage."

"I..."

"You said everything."

"Sure, why not, boss?" He took control, pushing her head gently forward. His fingers glided along her swan neck, searching and probing. Whenever he detected tension points, he sank his fingertips, applying pressure. He was attentive to the changes in her body language, especially to the bulge that was growing under her dress.

She turned to him, and he had the cocky smile again. Diana sipped the coffee. "Perfect."

"I was a professional masseur."

"Handsome, smart, makes excellent coffee, and a professional masseur. I hit the jackpot with you, didn't I?"

"You think I'm handsome, boss?"

"Have you ever considered a career in modeling?"

Ethan's fingers travelled below her neckline. "No."

"Great, self-awareness is important. What the fuck do you think you're doing?"

"Enjoying the little things in life, boss."

"Funny shit. Take your hands off my tits."

He didn't take his hands off. "You're so sexy, boss. The prettiest women in here tonight."

After months with Kevin and his passive reluctance, it felt refreshing to be the one being chased. Still, first impressions were important, and Diana wanted to demolish any sort of leverage, real or imaginary, he had on her. She grabbed his ball sack and squeezed, hard enough to let him know she wasn't playing. "Next time you do anything without my permission, I'll fuck you up, and not in a sexy way."

He paled, and she pulled on his tie, lowering him to her level. His eyes rounded up as she grabbed his neck for a deep and wet French kiss.

When she was done, he gasped for air. "Do you think you could let go of my family jewels, boss?"

She clasped a little harder, and Ethan groaned. His blue eyes were starting to tear up.

"You want me, Ethan?"

He nodded quickly.

"How about a little honesty then? My little tit for your tat."

"Honesty?"

"Why did Suzan hire me?"

"The less you know, the better." He gulped. "For your sake, Diana. All I can say is that the nightclub is just a front."

"No shit, Sherlock. Think I didn't guess that? I don't give a fuck even if Suzan uses the club to launder Colombian drug cartel money." His eyes rounded, and she realized she wasn't so far off the mark. "I want to know why Suzan hired me. And don't sell me bullshit about her seeing the potential. Nobody hires an ex-drug-addict to run a ten-million-dollar business."

"Okay, okay, I'll tell you, just let go."

Diana stopped squeezing but didn't let go of his balls.

Ethan took a deep breath when he felt the pressure subside. "Nobody expects you to run anything."

"Gee, you think?"

"I'm supposed to run the backstage. Don't worry, boss, I'm good at what I do."

"I fucking swear you'll start singing soprano in ten seconds." Her voice was low, and she squeezed again. "Why does Suzan want me to run her nightclub, Ethan?"

"Stop! Stop! I'll tell you."

Diana squeezed harder.

"Nadine!"

"What?" Diana squeezed harder.

"It's Nadine!" Ethan tried to scream, but what came out was a pained squeak. "Suzan wants to screw Nadine."

Diana finally released him, and Ethan pulled back, groaning, his hands clutching his stomach.

"I thought she and the Arab bitch were business associates?"

"They are," Ethan collapsed on the floor, wincing. "They're associates and enemies. Nadine is the syndicate's rising star. She acquired more than a few enemies along the way. Suzan hates her guts. By hiring you, she has leverage over you, even greater than Nadine. Plus, since Nadine hates you so much, she gets to poke her in the eye."

"So I'm what? A big 'fuck you, bitch!' sign?"

"It's not that bad, boss. It means that you can't fail at your new job, because no one expects you to do anything."

Diana nodded. "We'll see about that. Thanks for the update. Just remember that I expect this to be the new standard. We can skip the ball-squeezing next time."

Ethan nodded. His eyes were tearful, but he was looking at her with a newfound respect.

Diana jumped to her feet. "All right, lazy boy, this is not the time to sit on your ass. You're my lackey, and I need some serious butt-licking."

"You are strong as you are beautiful, boss."

"Not that kind of ass-licking, dummy." She approached the bed. The young Latino sat up and slapped the sleeping girl. She shook her head like a little dog and stared at Diana groggily.

"So, do you want to sample the merchandise?" Ethan groaned. He tried to rise and sat down again. "Which one would you like to try?"

"The fucking lot." Diana pointed at the Latino. "You, make room! Chop, chop."

"No entiendo." He smiled at her.

"Not in ten days. Right now! Comprendo?" Diana grabbed his swelling cock and pulled it until he had to stand, then she took his place on the bed, standing on her knees above the blonde nymphet. The girl tried to rise, but Diana pushed her back.

"Aii," the girl gasped as Diana's hands slid down to touch the soft skin up her thighs. She tweaked her own nipple.

Diana's fingers slipped and lifted up until she held both the nymphet's cheeks in the palm of her hands.

"Perfect ass, just like Kevin's," Diana said.

"Wer ist Kevin?" the girl mumbled.

Diana pushed the buttock back slightly and heard the girl moan. Her underwear was already wet, and she wiggled out of it. She moved her fingers on the peachy buttocks and touched the girl's little rose.

"But Kevin doesn't have your soft lips."

Diana pulled the girl's head gently toward her with her free hand. Tiny cherry lips and a twitching rabbit nose. The girl smiled at her, hooked her arm around Diana's neck and pulled her down. Electric shocks ran through her as their lips touched. Diana's fingers teased the pulsing little hole while her tongue worked inside the soft mouth. A jolt of electricity went through her when the younger woman began to suck on her tongue. The lithe body began to squirm against her.

"Get me wet, Ethan," she gasped.

"What?"

"Either you, or tell Diego Luna here to do it, or Baked Billy." She motioned towards the young man on his back who was staring into space with unblinking eyes. "I don't care, but I want to be slick and ready."

"Sure, boss." Ethan moved to the bed and lay on his back, then wiggled himself between Diana's legs and pushed her mini up.

"Nice tattoo, boss. Is it Big Bird?"

"More tongue, less talk."

His hand closed around her cock, and it pulsed. He squeezed his fingers tightly and watched as a bubble of clear juice formed at the tip. It grew larger until the bubble turned to a drip and splattered on his forehead. Quickly, Ethan's tongue came out and caught the drip, and he sucked it into his mouth.

A moan escaped Diana's lips. "Good boy."

Ethan tasted her sweet juice and gave a satisfied grunt. Without hesitation he opened his mouth and sucked the head inside, bringing a moan from Diana. His hand began to work up and down the shaft, milking more of the sweet liquid into his hungry mouth.

"Fuck! Stop!" Diana growled.

"Why? What's wrong?"

"I want to get wet, not to bust a nut." Diana stopped teasing the girl. She closed her hand on the nymphet's leg, and without ceremony or warning, she flipped her onto her stomach. She pulled her so her little ass was raised in the air like an invitation.

"You!" She touched the Latino's cock, then motioned at the girl. He nodded quickly and mounted the girl from behind. His cock easily plunged into the nymphet's vagina, and the blonde girl turned to Diana with a surprised look on her face.

"Willst du mich nicht?"

"It's like the fucking United Colors of Benetton here." Diana positioned herself behind the Latino boy's rotating buttocks. She leaned in and pressed her meaty glans to it. The guy stopped his thrusts and turned to her. Diana turned his head back and slapped his ass. She then leaned forward and watched as his tight hole yielded and accepted the blunt tip of her glans.

The guy grunted and tried to push her back.

"I don't think he's used to being a bottom bitch, boss."

"He better learn fast." The young Latino had a wrestler's body, but Diana had the futanari strength edge, plus she held the authority. She slapped his hand away and pushed, licking her lip, watching as her bulbous head started slowly disappearing inside him. He opened wider and wider as it slid through, only struggling for a moment with the top lip of her corona before he finally slipped over it and cinched tight.

"Ooh ya, that's the best." Diana slapped his ass.

Diana pushed farther, and a pleasing mixture of pained whimpers from the guy mixed with a lusty moan from the girl filled her ears. She knew she had her dick well into virgin territory. Diana drew a deep breath and then slowly but steadily fed him the rest of her meat. She wasn't very gentle about it, and the man escaped into the girl's gripping muscles.

She let him rest for a moment before she tapped his back, motioning him to start moving. He began humping but went at it slowly. Every time he pulled out of the girl's pussy, he speared himself on Diana's cock.

"How about that ass-licking, Ethan?"

She felt his breath on her ass, and a moment later his wet tongue wiggled inside her.

"Fuck. Whatever you may say about Suzan, she sure knows how to give a bonus."

--

Suzan Owens, AKA 'the Grand Spider', rubbed her erection. Her kick wasn't drugs, or alcohol, or even sex. She liked to watch, like a spider on the wall. A black widow. She sat in her private office, a spartan room with a single desktop computer and wall-to-wall monitors.

On one monitor, a fat man was gasping his last breath. The autopsy would determine cocaine overdose. The coroner was in her back pocket.

Death wasn't pretty. The fat man lost control of his muscles during the last moments of his life. The bed on which his naked body twitched was soaked with his bodily fluids. Suzan watched him with a detached curiosity, as a researcher observes a rat dying in a maze.

She didn't like to lose vital assets, but the congressman had become a liability during recent months. His addictions were uncontrollable.

On another monitor she watched Diana pounding Ethan's ass on the canopy bed. The girl had the libido of an entire football team. She would be easy to control.

On yet another monitor she saw Nadine at the end of the grand hall. As she watched, the Middle Eastern futanari threw down her devil mask and kicked it across the room. Her face was red. She was shouting at the massive form of Madam Hulk. There was no mistaking the seven-foot-tall wrestler, costume or no costume.

Suzan smiled and pressed the sound button.

"What do you mean you lost him?" Nadine's voice was full of venom. "He is a fucking person, not your fucking car keys!"

"He was right there at the bar. But there are so many little angels in here tonight, and it was hard to follow him. Someone must have picked him off."

"You're damn right someone did!"

"I'll tell the boys to search the parking lot again. Their car is still here. Diana is still at the Naogen Tokomi offices. Don't worry, Nadine, we'll find him."

"Ms. Tawfiq." Nadine's beautiful eyes turned darker, and Madam Hulk flinched like a schoolgirl about to be slapped. "Today, my name is Ms. Tawfiq."

Suzan's cock twitched in her panties, and she almost came.

She looked at another monitor, which showed Sin's basement. On a giant bed, Sin was cuddling Kevin's naked form in her arms.

"What the fuck?"

Suzan lost her erection and picked up her mobile.

--

Sin was not the cuddling type, yet it was physically painful to try and extract herself from Kevin's naked form and the warm bed. It was another rule she had broken tonight. The mistress should sleep on the bed and the sub at his rightful place, on the rug, or on the cold floor if she felt punishment was due.

She wrapped an arm around his shoulders and pulled him close, gently rubbing his arm. His body, pressed against hers, sent warm waves through her stomach. His touch made her heart flutter a little faster inside her chest.

Her phone buzzed. "Fuck!" she said when she saw who it was. Sin groaned as she rolled off the bed. "Stay here," she commanded, but it came out more like a request. She ran to the small bathroom and closed the door.

"Suzan."

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?"

"I intercepted Kevin as planned."

"What about the other part?"

"It's not that simple."

"Isn't it? I thought this was your specialty."

"Look, the balance between a submissive and his mistress is a delicate thing. It's something that should be nurtured slowly through several sessions. I don't take submissives to train these days, but in his case, I'm willing to make an exception."



"Ha!"

"I feel that I...I mean we, can gain a lot more from that sort of relationship if—"

"We? There is a we?"

"I thought that—"

"What's the story with the little guy?"

Sin stared at the phone. "Story?"

"Marianne came to me two months ago. She said something about how she's very interested in entertaining him after we're done. As if he's some sort of a prize."

Sin thought of Kevin in bed with the sadistic analyst. It made her blood boil. "That warthog better keep her claws off Kevin."

"Ha! Nadine has a huge soft spot for him. Now you. Does he have a magical ass?"

"I think...Kevin is special."

"Hmph."

"And I sincerely believe that—"

"Listen, and listen well, you failed abortion freak." Suzan didn't raise her voice or change her tone, but Sin shivered nonetheless. "I don't give a rat's ass about the perverted games you and your deviant friends play. Tie people up, spank them. Let them lick your boots until their tongues fall off. Maybe in your demented little fantasy world, there are submissive slaves, and you are their mistress, but back here on planet Earth the only reason you're still not in jail is me. I want to send a message to that uppity bitch, and I want it sent an hour ago!"

"Suzan, I—"

"Say one more fucking word, and I'm sending Olga. Would you like that?"

"That won't be necessary."

-

On the bed, Kevin stared at the bed's canopy. Chains were hanging down from the frame, and they swayed a little in the breeze coming from the ocean-side window, like cenobyte wind chimes. Near the bed, there was a vanity mirror, just in case its occupants were narcissists. Kevin shuddered when he saw his image staring back at him wearing a dog collar.

I look like a fucking chihuahua who just joined a Satanist cult.

What the hell am I doing here?

His phone rang from somewhere on the floor, a song by the White Stripes. He smiled because Helen had picked it, and it was the funniest song, one that no one would expect to hear in Sin's dungeon.

Fall is here, hear the yell

Back to school, ring the bell

Brand new shoes, walking blues

Climb the fence, books and pens

I can tell that we are gonna be friends.

I can tell that we are gonna be friends.

He found his mobile on the floor with his discarded angel tunic.

"Hey, Valkyrie."

"Hey, Kev, when are you coming home?"

He wished she could just beam him up to the Brions' penthouse. Her throaty voice was like the feeling you get when you've been on a trip for weeks, and suddenly you see your house coming around the bend. "Dunno when I'm coming home. Diana took us to this party. It's a bit of a long ride."

"You guys are living the dream. I envy you. Well, not because you're at a party, because envy is something I can do from my bed."

Kevin laughed. "Yeah, a party like I'm at right now I wouldn't wish on my biggest enemy."

"What enemies do you have exactly? You're a ninja turtle?"

"Still, it's a crappy party."

"At least you're at a party. My achievement this evening was that I managed to clean a hair from the bathroom sink only by spitting on it."

"TMI, Helen."

"And I took to heart what you so delicately said about me wearing ugly suits to the office. Long story short, a guy whistled at me in the parking lot."

"Awesome."

"Well, a guy whistling at a girl on the street is like saying, 'Hey, you don't know me, but I have this urge to point out that I'm an idiot.' But still. Good tip on the suits. Ooh, and the Pizza Hut guy asked me on the phone if I have a boyfriend. I mean, feels like I've conquered a new peak. Right?"

"Pizza?"

"Yeah, I wish there was a delivery service that also decided what you should eat. Would have made my life easier."

"No, Helen, I meant that I left you Boudin sausage in the fridge."

"Fuck! Should have checked. It's the end of the day, and my brain is on shuffle mode."

Kevin laughed. She was insanely sane and sweet, nothing like this place with all these people who treated others like they were property. He ached to be with her right now instead of in this bed, cheating on Diana. His dad once told him that cheaters have a special place in hell.

"Kev, you still there?"

"Am I a bad person, Helen?"

"What? No! What happened?"

"I'm too embarrassed to say."

"What? Is everything okay between you and my sister? Did she hurt you again? I swear I'll kill her this time."

"She didn't do anything bad. It's me."

"That's very unlikely."

Kevin wiped a tear, then unclasped the collar and tossed it on the floor. "I know that if my mom could see me right now, she would be disgusted. I feel...I feel like I'm going down this dark tunnel, and I don't see where the tunnel ends."

"Where the hell are you? I'm coming right now to get you."

"No, I'm coming home myself. Diana can stay in this stupid place if she likes to."

"Okay. I'll be waiting."

"Thanks."

"For what?"

"For being so Helen."

She laughed, but it came out stressed. "Drive safely."

He went down on all fours to pick up the pieces of his costume and spotted Sin's boots moving menacingly at the corner of his eye. He looked up. "Hi, again, I was just—"

"Did I give you permission to take my collar off?" The knuckles of Sin's fingers around her riding crop were white.

"I thought we were done."

"We're done when I say so."

"Oh, I see you're still in role."

"Up." She offered him her hand. Kevin reached for her and felt something closing on his wrist, then heard the clicks.

"Hey."

"Cheeky pets deserve punishment." She closed the Hello Kitty handcuffs on his other wrist and attached the chain to a hook and a rope. She then pulled him to his feet.

"Hey, not funny." Kevin pulled back. He wasn't weak despite his slim form. Sin had to struggle. She attached the rope to an iron loop in the ceiling and pulled hard. He pulled back, and the cable escaped her grip. Kevin pulled again, but she was bigger, and stronger. She grabbed the rope and used gravity and her body.

Kevin found himself naked, standing on his tiptoes, his handcuffed hands high in the air, attached to a loop in the ceiling.

"Hey, not funny! It hurts!"

"Sorry."

"Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious."

"That doesn't work here."

"Li! Sue! Zing! Give me a hint about your real name."

"A bit racist throwing a few syllables and thinking they qualify as a name. I'm not Chinese, by the way."

She circled him, and Kevin panicked. "Sin, Stop! Let me down!"

"I'm sorry, honey, believe me when I say that I have to do this."

"I fucking don't!"

"Close your eyes and breathe. This will end in no time. I promise. It's not a big deal. You might find that you like it."

"Stop!" The nails of his right foot dug into his left foot.

The crop swished as it came down. It kissed Kevin's skin, like a dragon breathing fire directly on his buttock and thigh. He saw the black tip rise, leaving an angry red stripe.

The crop rose again, and Kevin screamed.

To be continued...

Yet again we find ourselves at the end of another chapter. As I always do, I would like to ask you shamelessly (okay I'm blushing a bit) to punch the stars to show me you care, and maybe even leave me a note.

See you next chapter, it's ¾ done, so I'm expecting sooner than later.