Family Issues Ch. 01
byallthatisfuta©

Warning: This story contains futa on male action. It has a semi non-con or at least a hot dickgirl domination theme, cause that's my kink. There is also a nice love story (In my humble opinion) that is brewing, because that's my kink too.

Why here and not in SF or Non-Con? I think my story will feel comfortable here amongst ruwild, sugarandsalt, Xtina, skywriter62, whiskyisgood and the other wonderful writers on this site which I love reading.

If this is not your cup of tea, simply skip it, plenty of other good stories around. If you do decide to risk it and you like it, please be kind and leave a note or just vote.

Last note, I need to thank my proof reader, Nathan Oxford. You totally rock.

Family Issues -- chapter 1

Diana found her future husband on a humid July afternoon. She was looking for him for years. At least that's what she told everyone including herself. She opened several profiles in several dating sites and had been to several "Finding Mr. Right," seminars. More as a novelty. It's not like Diana had any problem picking up guys. However, sometimes what you search for far and wide, can turn out just under your nose. It was a chance meeting inside the elevator which sealed the deal for her. Her future husband, ironically, lived a couple of floors downstairs.

On the same day that Diana met her future husband, Helen, her big sister, left her office in order to closely monitor the construction of her newest acquisition. A four-story building in the newly developed real-estate hot spot. The city was changing. The old run-down crime infested neighborhoods were dying. Rich people started moving in, buying real-estate opportunities and pushing the old poor tenants out. Helen, even though she was formerly one of these poor tenants, wasn't about to let the party go by her without getting some punch.

"Yo, Cyclop, show us them big titties." The lewd call echoed from the scaffolds and bounced off the soon to be demolished high rises.

"For fuck sake," Helen said. "Is he drunk again?"

Bob, the construction manager, took off his yellow helmet, scratched his balding top, blew air and inflated his cheeks.

"He is drunk," Helen said.

"I'm too embarrassed right now to invent any decent excuse, Boss," Bob put his helmet back on. "I really thought I sorted him out."

"That's what you said the last time," Helen said.

"That's what makes it so embarrassing."

"Princess, I wanna lick that peach of yours," the lewd caller had a heavy Russian accent. He leaned down from the scaffold and kissed the air a couple of times in Helen's direction.

"Shut the fuck up, Ivan," Helen shouted.

"Yo, Cyclop."

"Quiet, Ivan!"

"I've got some quiet for you right here," Ivan grabbed his crotch and wiggled it.

"That's it, I'm giving him the boot, Boss," Bob said. "I don't need that shit."

"Don't!" Helen said.

"What?"

"Just make sure that he never goes on a scaffold drunk again."

"I've warned him twice already, Boss. The son of a bitch ain't worth the trouble."

Helen wiped sweat and construction dust from her forehead. "He's also got two little girls and he's the sole provider."

"How do you know?"

"I know the family. They live two blocks down from where I grew up," she said.

"No shit, Boss? You're from the projects?"

"East side rules," Helen smiled, "well, what's left of it anyways. I've heard they are going to demolish another two blocks south of the river."

"Yeah, sins of the past. You gotta love progress, Boss."

Helen shrugged.

"So, you grew up on the projects? I was always under the impression that you were an uptown... You know."

Helen woofed and smiled. "An uptown bitch? I grew up on West Englewood."

"Tough neighborhood, and I meant no disrespect. I mean, who would have thought that you were one of us. Must have been hard on a girl like you... I mean... A futanari... I mean... You know what I mean."

Helen nodded. "I had to break a few heads every now and then."

"Cool. So, about Ivan."

"Make sure he cleans up. Fine him if you feel like it, but don't fire him. He's not a bad person when he's sober."

"You're the boss, Boss."

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

An hour later Helen was trying to relax in her apartment. It was a high summer sticky afternoon. The air was on an Italian strike. It did show up to work but it didn't do anything productive.

Three white doves on the balcony murmured softly, singing sweet promises to a grey female that scanned them with indifferent aloofness. Helen was halfheartedly skimming the Daily's financial section, arguing with herself whether she should take a hot bath or go for a jog first. Discipline vs. self-indulgence.

The male doves started a masculine pecking rumble, in a desperate attempt to impress the female when Diana burst into their apartment and slammed the door behind her. She leaned her back on the door and sank down to the floor. Her tiny chest heaved up and down as if she had just finished a marathon.

After a full minute passed in which Helen didn't lift her head from the paper, Diana became cross. "Aren't you going to ask, Helen?"

"Ask why are you acting like a B-movie melodrama actor? No. Don't care enough to."

"Fuck you, bitch. I'm in love. That's what happened."

"Kay."

"Aren't you a bit curious?"

Helen lifted her head. "Do you want the long answer or the short?"

"The short," Diana said.

"No."

"Okay, the long."

"Nooooooooooooooooooo."

"I'm burning up in here and you just don't give a fuck, do you?"

"Do you want the long answer or the short?" Helen returned to the daily. Her little sister was born with a fondness to drama and a zeal for life. She used to come down to dinner in their old house, announcing that she's falling apart and about to starve to death. Diana then would go ahead and attack the meal with the vigor and the manners of a famished lion. Their mother had to restrain her with sanctions, to make her slow down.

"His name is Kevin, and he lives on the third floor."

"Kevin O'Brien?"

Diana's eyes turned into slits. "How the fuck do you know his family name? You've met him?"

"Not in person. Third floor apartment. He's one of my new tenants."

"I know," Diana said. "Funny shit or what?"

"Hilarious," Helen said dryly.

"And I'm gonna marry him."

"Of course."

"He is perfect. So beautiful. Breathtakingly beautiful. He's got purple eyes, and I don't mean dark blue. Purple like... like..."

Helen snorted. "Like Barney the Dinosaur."

"Yeah, laugh. Wait till you see him, Helen. Blonde with spikes, like a backstreet boy. Yummy. Perfect tan. Huge eyes, deep purple. It's the most beautiful thing you've seen in your life. So weird, so beautiful. Tight body. Baby ass. Like it could fit inside my palm. Like a perfect tiny peach. Like a perfect bun for my sausage."

"Like gross."

"You know what you are right now, Sis?"

Helen yawned. "Tired?"

"You're mom. You're being mom."

She'll take a bath, a hot bubbly bath to wash away all the dirt from the construction site and Diana's bullshit from her mind.

"Remember that time in Macy's when I wanted that white unicorn, and mom wouldn't let me have it because she already bought me firecrackers? I cried for hours. I'm having a déjà vu. You make me feel right now just like I felt back then."

"He's not some stuffed imaginary horse with a horn," Helen neatly folded the Daily, and took off her reading glasses. "He lives downstairs."

"So?"

"You need a GPS to find the elevator?"

"I can't just knock on his door," Diana rolled her eyes.

"Try the doorbell."

"What?"

"It's that small button near the door. You press it. It goes gling-glong, and someone on the other side answers. Easy peasy."

"What am I going to say?"

"Say, Hi, I'm Diana. You're the white unicorn my cheap Mom didn't want to buy me when I was ten. Let's do the dirty."

"Idiot."

"Don't say that. He might be offended."

"Funny as fuck."

"Since when you have issues asking boys out?" Helen needed a bath. No, jogging, and only then a bath. But it's going to be one hell of a long bath. "Look. Just knock. Say you think he's cute. Ask him if he wants to catch a movie. Maybe a nice restaurant."

"He's not into futas."

"How can you tell?"

Diana picked herself off the floor and took off her sweaty T-shirt. She almost ditched it on the floor, but then saw Helen's eyes turn to slits. They promised quick death to slobs who thought dirty laundry finds its way to the laundry basket with the help of magical imps. "I've searched him on Facebook. Guess what, Sarah is on his friends' list." Diana had trouble containing her enthusiasm.

"So, I called Sarah. It turns out Kevin's a free-diving and a scuba diving instructor at the marina. He works for the Siam school. Well, she got her second diving star last week with him as the instructor. Tried to hit on him. He gave her the speech."

"The speech?"

"The, 'I'm flattered and all, but I don't roll that way,' speech. You know. The speech. Well, of course you don't, because you've never asked a guy out, so you've never got rejected for being a futa."

"Hey."

"Well, you haven't," Diana went for what she thought was her aloof face. "Otherwise you wouldn't give retarded condescending advice like, 'find the elevator and tell him you think he's cute.' As if you've ever had the balls to do something so bold yourself."

"Bold, my ass."

"Yeah, then why don't you knock on Kevin's door and show me how it's done?"

"Sugar, my life is men free, and they're perfect the way they are."

Diana's rabbit like tiny nose twitched. "How can you tell?"

"What?"

"How can you tell that your life is perfect if you have never had anything else to compare them to?"

"I compare them to yours," Helen said.

"Interesting." Diana's closed one eye and scanned her sister from head to toe. "You've compared my rhythm to cuddling every night with a chapter of Game of Thrones, and you came to the awesome conclusion that your life is just perfect?"

"Beats returning every night at four AM, stoned or drunk."

"And you've never wondered if conquering a real warm male body might be better than wanking to Jon Snow?"

Helen blushed because she remembered last evening's masturbation session that included Jamie Lannister's image frozen on the screen. "Gross. I never..."

"What about the butterflies," Diana said. "The chase, the moment you have a juicy guy wiggling in your net?"

"All that drama? Not my jam."

"And the boom boom?" Diana lifted her eyebrows quickly. Twice.

"Boom boom? That's what's fucking called these days? I guess I'm not so much into men."

"Aha. Sure."

Helen felt her face redden again. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"Nothing. Anyway. Back to Kevin. Sarah said she'd sell her left nut to have a go at his cute tiny ass."

"That's a massive surprise. Not."

Diana smirked. "I'd sell mine. He even smells like... One sniff and I go crazy. Hell I don't know what it is. Pheromones. I've read about it. Some males... they just smell that way. It's scientific."

"Some would say scientific. Others might say hogwash or bullshit. Potatoes, potatoes." Helen said.

"Smell Kevin once, just once, then tell me there is nothing special about it."

"I will certainly not."

"After I met him I followed him to the park. He went for a jog."

Helen twisted her mouth. "Creepy."

"I told you already. I had to, I'm in love. You're the cool headed cold bitch, I'm the romantic."

"Some would say romantic. Others might say a psychopathic stalker. Potatoes, potatoes."

"He jogs. Through the park. When the guy sweats, he leaves a sweet trail of wow... You should see the futa joggers on 5th avenue. They all have a tent in their pants a minute after he passes by."

"Double gross."

Diana's tongue licked a full circle around her thin lips. "Yeah. Gross. I had stood half an hour outside his doorway just now and sniffed. I got high without acid. This is it. I know I've said it a couple of times before, but this is it. True love."

"I think you should check the dictionary for the meaning of 'a couple of times.'"

"Laugh, sure. I earned it. But you don't get it, Helen. Kevin is not some skanky party animal I've got the hots for in a club when I was high on molly. He's a keeper. Someone to settle down and have puppies with."

It was Helen's turn to smirk. "Settle down? You?"

"If anyone can make this filly slow down, he's the one."

"Amen to that, young horsy." Helen sighed. "Too bad he's not into futanari."

"A minor obstacle."

"When you check 'a couple of times,' use that opportunity to check the word 'minor.'"

"I've got to have him, Helen. He..."

"Yeah, I get it. Kevin smells." Helen twisted her mouth again. It's going to be the mother of all bathes.

"Why am I even talking to you?" Diana lifted her arms in mock despair. "You're not helping."

"You need professional help, lil sis. Seek therapy."

"He's our tenant, no?"

"Once Mrs. Lewinski signs the papers. Two weeks if everything rolls the way it should. Not just him. His apartment and the five other divided apartments on the third floor."

"Who gives a fuck about the other apartments?"

"Me? I've only been working on that deal for a year and a half," Helen squinted her eyes. "And just to make it clear, they are my tenants, not our tenants. Since it's my business, not yours."

"Our business," Diana nodded. "You're responsible for the revenues; I'm the CFO of fun expenses."

"Funny as fuck." Helen smiled with little mirth. "Wanna guess what's gonna be the first thing I'll do as the new landlord?"

"Buy me the Audi Coupe I wanted?"

"I'm going to kick Kevin and his boner enticing aroma out of apartment number ten. Then I'm going to sue his cute little ass, the one you've so meticulously described. The asshole hadn't paid rent in five months."

"No kidding? How come Mrs. Lewinski let him get away with it?"

Helen shrugged. "Maybe she has a soft spot for tiny blonde boys like you do? Dunno. Don't care. It's not like the old girl run a tight business. He's not the only one behind payments. Though he stands out with his five months."

Diana clapped her hands excitedly. "Awesome!"

"Not really. My plan is to renovate and sell. Suing tenants is a complication. Complications suck."

"This is just the leverage I need. Tell Kevin you'll sue his ass unless he starts dating me."

Helen laughed. "Say what?"

"No, I'll tell him. No, it's best if you'll do it. You're better than me at being a bitch."

"What?"

"I meant it in a good way," Diana rolled her eyes.

"Roll them some more; you might find a brain in there."

"You don't need to be Einstein to do the math here. We bought the property and the debt. He owes us money."

"I bought the property, Diana. Me. He owes me money."

Diana shrugged. "Semantics."

"This is going to be Liam all over again, isn't it?"

Diana made a face she reserved for cockroaches under the sink. "Don't ever say that name near me."

"He was the love of your life, not so long ago."

"If Liam is down here." Diana lowered her palm below her knee. "Then Kevin is here." She raised her palm above her head. "It's like comparing a Toyota with a Lamborghini. It's like comparing a donkey with a Lamborghini."

"The Lamborghini owes me five months of rent plus interest for the delay. I sure hope he can pay," Helen said.

"I hope he can't. I think he can't."

"How do you know?"

"The cutie pie wears clothes from the thrift store, doesn't own a car," Diana said. "He gets around on his crappy bicycle and he lives in a shitty apartment the size of a dog kennel."

"Maybe he's just super cheap?"

"I think he got financial issues."

"Crap."

"No. Awesome. So, when you offer to trade his debt with being my boyfriend he can't say no."

Helen shook her head. Diana was the guru of childish and stupid ideas, but this one was taking imbecility to a new level. "I'll have to look it up with my lawyer to be sure. But I think that sexual extortion is a criminal offense."

"Fair trade."

"Extortion, Diana."

"Fair trade."

"Extortion."

Diana pouted. "Why do you have to be like that?"

"You mean rational?"

"If I'll have Kevin, I promise I'll stop going out every other night to party till the small hours."

"On the twelve of never?"

"I will. You know what? If you'll do this one for me, I'll go back to college and finish my law degree."

Helen snorted. "Like that would be the first time I've heard that promise."

"I swear it on mom's grave."

"Don't!" Helen raised her voice.

"I will. I promise. Just think about it. I'll be a certified lawyer. I'll stop mooching money from you. I'll even rent my own place. I'll be independent like you've always wanted."

"You mean a grownup?"

"That too. Kevin's worth it. He's worth the effort. Hell, he's worth any effort."

"I'm not saying that I'm going through with this idiocy, but let's just say hypothetically that I do. How is exactly forcing Kevin to be with you will make him your loving boyfriend?"

Diana noted the softer tone and smiled on the inside. Her interactions with Helen usually followed a pattern. Almost a ritualistic dance. Her sister was a bitch. A hard businesswoman. That's at least how everyone who knew her, perceived her. But she had a lot of soft spots inside. One just had to know which buttons to press.

"So?"

"Who gives a fuck about how Kevin feels about it?" Diana said.

"I'm no expert, but you get me confused with your view on the male, female relationship."

"Male futanari relationship," Diana nodded. "Men always say they don't want to, but then I get the equipment going," Diana thrust her pelvis forward. "Then they can't get enough of me."

"Gross."

"Oh yeah. Awesomely gross."

"I said hypothetically."

Diana smiled openly. She knew she had won.

$$$$$$$$$$$$

"I already gave the last check to the fat schmuck, dad," Kevin rolled his eyes. He loved his father, but you'd think that after twenty-one years they would be able to stop the pretense. His father had no way of making the check clear. To pretend that there was a choice other than Kevin's bank account was a ritual meant to save some of the old man's dignity. "Look, dad, what's done is done. I've got to hang up. My new landlord said eight PM sharp." He sighed. "I don't know, dad, but she didn't sound like someone who appreciates people who are late. So... Love you too. I'll call you back later to tell you how it went."

Kevin took a long breath and knocked gently.

"Hi." The girl who answered the door was barefoot, and still, his head reached her boobs. Not that it was a challenge. Kevin, since his first grade, in every group photo had always sat in the front row. However, the girl could tower over people who weren't height challenged. She had the heroin chic kind of beauty. Waist you can encircle with two fingers, nubile tiny chest, and legs like a giraffe. She wore a white tank top and white boxers, which emphasized all her assets. A pretty redhead with a ponytail. Dark almond eyes scanned him with a bit more enthusiasm than he felt comfortable with. She stared at him as if he was a prime rib on a plate.

"Hi," The bold stare caused a red hue to blossom on Kevin's cheeks.

"Come in, Kevin."

"Sure," he huffed. The penthouse interior was nothing like his crumbling apartment downstairs. The entire building was fifty-year-old, but someone renovated here. Big time. Bright, modern furniture and chocolate brown walls, super smooth rings of illumination wires, and wall to wall windows giving a breathtaking view of the city. So, this was how the other half lived.

"I..." He started.

"Yes, sweetie?"

"I don't want to give the wrong impression, but you do look familiar."

"You've probably seen me around. We moved in a month ago, and I'm hard to miss."

Kevin shook his head. "Yeah, we met on the elevator two weeks ago. But I'm not talking about that. I remember seeing you on a screen. TV? Did you play in a movie?"

"Do you watch futanari porn?"

His face and neck reddened. "I... No. I..."

Her laughter rolled for a few seconds. "I'm fucking with you, Kevin. The look on your face. Priceless."

"Oh." He laughed, feeling stupid. "But you do look familiar. Were you on TV? The Amazing Race? Survival?"

"Survivor, not Survival." Her smile deepened. She had dimples which he liked in a girl. "I was on Seduction Resort season five."

"Oh. Yeah, I think I remember. Nice. Won anything?"

"Crabs." She winked.

"You're fucking with me again."

"You're catching up. The producers gave me the boot on the second episode."

"Ouch."

"Meh. The douche they paired me with turned out to be a total douche." Her smiled was healthy white, and it lit up the room, as they say. Kevin decided that he liked that smile.

"When the cameras were on he was this sweet, open-minded, 'I'm so into you' kind of guy," she said. "When the cameras were off, he was Mr. Hyde. Disgusting little shit. He had a futaphobia."

"Ouch."

"It is what it is. The other contestants voted me out, but the real story behind the scenes was that I broke his arm and two front teeth."

"Wow. I'll remember not to pick a fight with you."

"But I love fights. Especially the makeup sex," the tall woman gave Kevin a wink and laughed when he reddened again.

"So Helen I-"

"That would be my big sister. I'm Diana." She offered her hand, and Kevin eagerly shook it. If his new landlord was anything like her little sister, then he was in the clear.

"Right this way, sweetie."

He followed her into a study that was taken straight out of a décor magazine aimed for seven-figure salary kind of people. Strict lines, operation room clean, and a definite aura of 'no-nonsense, here we do business.'

Sitting at an office desk that was probably worth more than he earned in six months was his new landlord. Helen shared with her little sister the six feet plus frame. If anything, she was even taller. However, that's where the similarities ended. If Diana was a fiery southern blaze, then Helen was a Nordic chill. When God made her, he was much more generous in the curves department. Unlike Diana's honeyed tanned skin, she was Norwegian pale. Her long golden locks reached all the way to her lower back. Luscious lips and a burning green eye of a tiger. Eye, singular, not plural. Because that was another thing that you noticed immediately about Helen, other than the cold beauty. She wore a black eye patch over her left eye. A prominent scar crossed her pretty face above the eyepatch and crawled all the way to her cheek.

When he and Diana entered, Helen didn't lift her head from her laptop's screen. Kevin thought that it surely could not be a good sign.

"Excuse-" he said, but she cut him off with a raised hand.

She was working or pretended to be, whichever the case, Kevin figured he shouldn't do anything that might be considered rude. Helen sounded cold on the phone, and she resonated aloofness in real life.

"Helen, that's hardly polite," Diana said.

"Hi," Helen raised her head and gave a smile that could sour lemons. "Sit!" She motioned at her desk. "You're Kevin?"

Kevin nodded quickly.

"Helen." She didn't offer her hand. "I've just finished reading your rental agreement."

He thought he would start with pleasantries, but this woman or rather futa was straight and to the point. "Mrs. Lewinski printed it from the internet. Here I'll show you where she got it from." He pulled out an ancient looking mobile and fired off the web browser application. "What's the Wi-Fi password?"

"No need. I could have guessed. It's as standard as it gets, including the security deposit clause."

"I even helped her find it online," He placed the mobile on her desk, eager to earn points with the frightening lady.

Helen scanned him from head to toe. "Except that, I called Mrs. Lewinski five minutes ago, and she said there is no security deposit."

Kevin blushed. "She never got around to take it. I assumed she forgot or didn't feel like she needed a security deposit after a while."

"Assumed?"

"Well, it was a convenient assumption," he went for a weak smile.

Helen's finger trailed the scar on her cheek. She caught herself doing it and blushed. "So, Kevin, as we discussed briefly on the phone. We're here about your current debt."

"To Mrs. Lewinski," he said.

"I bought apartment number ten and twelve, seven months ago. Your debt is to me."

"Mrs. Lewinski didn't tell me anything about it."

"I thought I would let her run things till I settle," Helen twisted her mouth. "Apparently, it wasn't a wise choice."

"Yeah, I'm aware that I'm a little behind payment," he laughed nervously, "but let-"

"Saying that you are a bit behind payments, that's like saying that the Ku Klux Klan is a bit racist. Five months, Kevin. That's unacceptable. I don't know what kind of an arrangement you had with Mrs. Lewinski because your agreement specifically says payment at the first of every month."

"I'm having some financial issues right now. But you can ask. I've been a tenant for two years, and I've always paid on the 1st."

"Wow, the truck with the medals is on its way," she said dryly.

"I..."

"Five months, Kevin. How did she let you get away with it?"

"We had an understanding."

"I see," she said.

Kevin didn't like Helen's tone or the look that she gave him. He felt that an assumption was made about him that was neither kind nor flattering. She swiveled the laptop and pointed at a lower section of an excel sheet. "This is how much you owe."

"What? That can't be right. That's more than five month's rents."

"Plus, ten percent interest. The 'late rent fee clause' in your agreement."

"Oh."

"I expect you to make the transaction tonight."

"I... I don't have that kind of money."

"Take a loan," she said.

"My credit score kinda sucks."

"Why am I not surprised?"

"I came here today to apologize for being so late." He tried looking straight back at her cold gaze and couldn't. His eyes searched for an escape route in the tiles. "And... And mainly because I can't pay for this month either," he almost whispered. "I'm so sorry. But I'll pay you back. I'll pay it all back. I'm not a thief or a freeloader."

"Seriously? That apologetic puppy look worked with Mrs. Lewinski, or was there something else going on between you two?"

"What?"

"You know what?" She scratched the scar on her cheek. "None of my goddamn business and I don't give a crap anyway."

"What do you mean something else?" He blushed again, this time it was anger.

"Nothing."

"It didn't sound like you meant nothing. You meant something."

Helen's gaze could solve the world melting ice caps' problem.

"Mrs. Lewinski is older than my dad," Kevin said. "And she's a sweet lady. So, I don't know what you were insinuating, but-"

"Whatever." She cut him off. "If I understand correctly, you've planned on coming here tonight to ask if you could go on with the current non-payment program."

"I'm so sorry."

"Should I call my bank and ask if they'll accept your apology for a down payment?"

Kevin looked at Diana, his eyes pleading, but she gave him a sad smile. "I know that sounds-"

"Childish, Kevin. It sounds terribly childish. Grownups own their shit. Clear the apartment tonight."

"It's eight o'clock."

"By tomorrow morning, then. Expect to hear from my lawyer about the money you owe me."

"Where am I supposed to go?"

Helen shrugged. "Don't you have parents?"

"My dad lives hundreds of miles away. I live here. My college is here; my work is here. Look, I'm willing to work as payment. I can clean your house for free." He said.

"I have a cleaning lady."

"I can cook."

"Not interested. Look, I heard you work as a diving instructor."

"Part-time."

"But you do have a steady salary. The judge will garnish your wage if you can't pay."

"But I need my salary. If you take my salary, I can't pay for... Look, you bought the entire floor? Right? I'm good with my hands, I can... I can fix stuff. Do your maintenance for you. Look," He felt tears coming up which made him hate this woman. She was right, grownups own their shit and don't cry like little girls. "I'll do anything. Why waste money on courts and lawyers?"

"I'll add my lawyer fees to the lawsuit."

"But why take it to court? I don't dispute the fact that I owe you rent. I'll pay you back to the last penny. Plus, interest. Just give me time. Please, you can't do this to me."

"Maybe there is something you can do instead," Diana suddenly found her voice, "the thing we discussed earlier, sis?"

"Sure. I'll do anything." Kevin felt like a drowning man who was offered a rope. "I'm a hard worker. Just give me a chance."

Helen twisted her mouth. "Yeah, there is something that my sister and I discussed earlier, but in retrospective, that's just too embarrassingly stupid to bring up."

"Whatever it is I'll take it."

Helen took a long breath and rolled her eyes. "My sister fancies you."

"What?" Kevin blushed.

"Weird. But she does."`

"I... I don't understand..."

"I'm not blaming you. If you two can come to an understanding, you'll be debt free."

"Great. Wait, wait, what sort of understanding?"

"Be her boyfriend for a year."

Kevin laughed hysterically, then he caught Diana's look and toned it down. "You're both fucking with me, right?"

"I wish we were," Helen gave Diana a crooked smile. "I gave it a shot, Di."

"Yeah, you really pulled an effort there. Let's hope you didn't sprain any goodwill muscle. Thank you so very much. She's serious, Kevin. Let's reveal the cards. Put them on the table as they say. My sister is filthy rich. The money you owe her, that's like what she earns in an hour."

"Not by a long shot, Idiot," Helen rolled her eyes. "You're annoyingly clueless."

"What do you mean I'll be her boyfriend for a year?"

"Don't you know what a boyfriend means?" Helen said.

"It's when two people who like each other choose to be a couple. Choose being the keyword here. When one side forces the other to be with him, that's something else. It's called slavery. We even had a civil war about it. I saw it on the history channel." He gave a frightened giggle.

"Nobody is forcing you, Kevin."

"Like hell. What other choice do I have?"

Helen shrugged. "Be a grownup about your debt."

"Shut up, Helen!" Diana raised her voice. "Look, sweetie, I saw you a couple of days ago, jogging. And I liked what I saw. I mean."

"I'm... I don't know what to say. I mean... I'm flattered and all, but... I mean... You're beautiful, Diana, so... I mean, if I was... I don't..."

"Because I'm a futanari."

"I'm not transphobic or anything."

"That's offensive because I'm not transgender," Diana's face hardened.

"I know. I'm sorry. I don't have any issues with you being..."

"A dickgirl."

Kevin blushed. "I just have an issue with me being..."

"With a dickgirl."

"With someone who has a penis. Yes. I... I'm not homophobic or futaphobic or whatever. I just... I like girls. I don't mean to be rude or anything, but I know how a futa relationship works. I can't be someone's girlfriend. I'm a man."

"That settles it then," Helen closed the laptop and sighed in relief. "Clear the apartment, by tomorrow morning. Expect to hear from my lawyer."

"I can't pay you, Helen. I don't have the money. I can't give you my salary. I need it."

"You need to pay your debts. That's what salaries are for."

"I can't."

"Well, there is always that other option. Be my sister's boyfriend for a year. If she's happy, then you owe me nothing."

"Are you her pimp?"

"Watch it!" Helen's face hardened, and he suddenly saw the potential of violence lurking under her cold beauty.

"Sorry, but do I look like a prostitute, Helen? Is this even legal? The thing that you ask me to do?"

She shrugged. "Like I said. No one is forcing you."

"Why are you doing this to me? I told you I'd pay you eventually."

"I don't believe you."

"Why?"

"I think you had a sweet gig running with Mrs. Lewinski. I'm not sure what it was. Maybe you used to bat your big eyes and cry a little, melting her heart. I know a lot of futa girls that would be smitten," Helen nodded towards her sister, "by your cute boyish... thing. You thought you could pull the same shit with this futa." She pointed at herself.

"I did not."

"I know boys like you all too well."

"You don't know a fucking thing about me," Kevin snarled.

"But I'm old enough and experienced enough to give it an educated guess."

"So, I'm a gold-digger. That's what you're saying. Mrs. Lewinski was my sugar momma, and I'm a lazy freeloader."

"You said it; I didn't."

"You know what you are, Helen?"

"A female dog?" She gave him a nasty smile.

"You said it; I didn't."

"Spit it out, honey, give it your best shot. Call me a bitch or a cunt or whatever. Just consider you might have to learn how to eat with a straw, considering you won't have teeth to chew with."

"I'm not scared of you, Helen."

"Good for you."

He nodded and said nothing. There was a short struggle on his handsome face. Helen thought he might cry and it made her regret being so hard on him. "Okay then," she said. "Good talk. You probably feel that life isn't fair right now. But give it a couple of years, and you'll understand that this was the night in which you started your journey towards being a grownup."

"Fucking amazing. You won't settle for pissing on my head; you wanna pretend it's sweet apple juice." His face went through a sudden change. They hardened and relaxed as if he had come to a decision. "When you look in the mirror, Helen, what do you see?"

"Bah-bye, Kevin. Put the apartment key in my mailbox when you leave tomorrow."

"I'm not going anywhere."

"I can kick you out."

"I'm doing that other thing," he said.

"What?" Helen and Diana cried together.

Kevin shrugged. "I'll do it. Whatever it means, I mean it's a... I'll be your loving boyfriend and do whatever you want. How hard can it be?"

"Hard? It's going to be awesome," Diana almost glowed.

Helen and Kevin said nothing. They faced each other, locked in a staring battle. Helen surprised herself when she blinked first.

"Yeah, how hard can it be?" Kevin smiled bitterly. "You know, Helen, you're rich and powerful, and probably can knock my teeth out with a punch. But I'm not a shitty person. I always keep a promise, and I never try to exploit people like you do, especially when they're down. Mrs. Lewinski went easy on me with the payments not because I've given her anything. She chose to help because she is a decent human being. And that's something you would never understand in a million years.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

"Your room is... wow," Kevin gave an appreciative whistle. Diana's room had a wall to wall glass door which led to a big balcony facing the park. A bar stood in one corner, and Kevin poured himself some scotch. Not because it was a grownup drink but because he thought he might I need the alcohol buzz soon. "I thought people lived like that on TV."

"Like it?"

"Could use some tidying up, but... Wow."

"Yeah, sorry about the mess."

"What mess? Can't see the mess under all these piles of clothes." They both laughed. Diana's bedroom's floor was invisible under small hills of pants, dresses, underwear, tampons, belts, shopping bags and some less recognizable stuff. Kevin felt as if he was in some teenager's cave.

"It's better like that. Sometimes Helen gets angry, and she folds everything, and later I can't find anything."

No wonder Helen has a beef with immature people, Kevin thought.

"You're here in my room," Diana licked her thin lips. "It's a dream coming true."

Freddy Krueger idea of a dream, Kevin thought.

"I'm sorry, by the way, about... You know..." she made a sour face. "My sister can be a real bitch sometimes."

Kevin stared at her but said nothing. Was she that deluded? She figured she could pin everything on Helen?

Apparently yes. Diana waded through the piles and jumped on her massive bed. "Come here, sweetie."

He hesitated, but only for a second. Kevin grew up in a semi bible-belt area. Family Values, and a bit of a redneck neighborhood. He never met a shemale before he left for the big city. Helen's offer didn't include details about the nature of his and Diana's relationship, but he wasn't born yesterday.

"Sweetie, don't look so tense. You don't know it yet, but you were born to do this."

"I kind of doubt that," he said.

"Come here and sit down," Diana patted the bed sheets beside her. "You're not angry with me or anything?"

"N... No." He said. If he was going through with this, he shouldn't make her unhappy.

"Good. Put that sweet ass closer, baby. Closer, sweetie. I won't bite, much."

He did. "What now?"

She placed her hand on his thigh. Her palm was warm, but Kevin shivered.

"Hi," She smiled and breathed him in. "Now you make me feel special, and I'll make you feel special. It will be awesome, you'll see."

"I've never been with a futanari," he whispered.

"That's obvious. But give it your best shot. It'll be great, I promise. See, Helen thinks she knows everything there is to know about people. She spends her days in the world of real estate sharks, so she had to grow the biggest teeth. The problem is that she forgot there are normal people out there too. She thinks everyone is a crook."

"And what do you think?"

"I know she's wrong about you, sweetie." She took a deep breath and smelled him in. Her breath trembled with a mixture of excitement and lust. It was a new experience. Diana was all about the chase. When it was over, her lust diminished. Sometimes instantly. But having Kevin under her absolute control didn't diminish anything. The fact that he was so innocent, clueless and without choices, was intoxicating. "You're so sweet. To die for," Diana's voice was hoarse with lust. "So that you know, a futa is just like any other girl. Well, ten times the intensity, lovemaking skills, and million times the fun. Have you been with many girls?"

"Just two," he reddened because the look on her face told him she was not impressed. "I had a girlfriend in high school."

"A high school sweetheart?"

"Her name was Ola. She was Russian, and when she had to leave with her parents back to St Petersburg, I was heartbroken."

"Everything about you is just so goddamn sweet."

He thought he could do with less sweetness.

"Who was your second?" She touched his cheek gently.

"You're the second."

She laughed. "So, one."

"I... Yeah... I'll be twenty-one next month. How many men did... I mean, when you were my age. With how many men...?"

"I'm twenty-eight, and more than I can remember."

"Oh."

With a pianist long finger, Diana trailed a line from his cheek to his lips. "I've never seen anyone with purple eyes before," she said. "That's gonna be a first for me."

"Got it from my mom's side of the family," he shivered.

Her naked toe joined the fun and moved up and down his leg, just as her finger gently painted patterns on his cheek and mouth.

"Don't be so tense, honey. As I said, you're going to love being my boyfriend."

He tried to tell her that he sure was hoping she's right, but his voice broke, so he just nodded.

"I'm a semi-celebrity in this town. We'll cruise all the best parties together. You'll see." Diana leaned to kiss his cheek, and her arm encircled his shoulders. "God sweetie, I think I'll eat you up." Her lips touched his. Her eyes were smiling, and she was soft and pleasant. Diana's kiss felt innocent. A Lover's touch.

"Nice," she said. "Hey, open your eyes. Don't make it look like it's work. It's not." Her lips touched his lips again, gently, and her tongue now joined the dance. It knocked and then tried to burrow inside, like a little worm.

Kevin forced himself to open his mouth and tasted her. Not that the experience was terrible. Quite the opposite. She smelled great, and she looked terrific. A tiny fellow like him could only dream of getting a number from a hottie like Diana. And here he was, not only the hot girl wanted his company, she also craved for his touch. It was electrifying.

She moaned into his mouth. Her tongue led the dance with a sure step.

"God, you are so sexy, Kevin."

"You're beautiful, Diana."

She swallowed his ear and chewed on it. Kevin quietly sat back with his eyes closed and tried to enjoy the new experience. Diana closed her long-fingered hand on Kevin's. He felt steel in her touch. It was a well-known fact that some futanari were insanely strong.

She guided his hand to the nubile tit that waited underneath her top.

"Squeeze it," she whispered. "Yeah, just like that. Gently. That's the best. Do you like them, Kevin?"

He nodded quickly.

"I used to have issues with those, you know, when I was eighteen. Girls in my class looked like they could work on a dairy farm as a cow. Me, I had buds."

"They're sexy."

"They make you hard?"

Kevin laughed and blushed. "Yeah," he whispered.

Diana felt waves of joy running all the way from where his hand was touching her tit, to the tip of her cock. "Tell me more about how my tiny titties turn you on."

Kevin laughed again. He couldn't remember a sexy moment like he was experiencing now.

Diana took her tank top off and threw it on one of the piles.

"Well, that makes sense. Now I know why they pile."

"You can tidy up my room in your spare time if that bothers you so much. Only in your spare time, though. Like when we're not having sex, which so far, the way I see it, is never going to happen."

Kevin smiled and stared at the tiny boobs. They were juvenile, which fit in with the rest of the Diana Show. "They're awesome. Like two little birds." He said.

"Birds? Really?"

"They even got a tiny beak." He reached out and touched the beak gently.

Diana gave him a warm smile. "Funny that you say that because it's time for you to meet Big Bird."

"Who?" He said.

Diana stood up and looked down at her crotch. There was a prominent bulge in her boxers. "From Sesame Street."

"She'll teach me how to count to ten and to cooperate with the other kids?" He laughed.

"Oh, she'll teach you alright. Once you take off my shorts."

Kevin swallowed. He breathed in deep.

"Aren't you curious?"

Not particularly about this part, Kevin thought, but he nodded nonetheless.

"Well, go on, sweetie."

"Maybe we should take it slow?"

"Kevin, if you're my boyfriend then you should be eager. Much more eager than the vibe I'm getting from you right now. It pisses me off."

"I..."

"Take my boxers off."

Kevin took a deep breath, hooked his fingers in the elastic band, and pulled.

She did have a Big Bird down there, the actual original Yellow Big Bird from Sesame Street. It was tattooed on her immense girl-cock. The yellow bird's legs decorated her smooth balls, and the beak was the cock's head. It was on full display because Diana had a raging hard-on.

"I don't think your Big Bird sends the right message to kids." Kevin couldn't take his eyes off the monster. Diana had a Prince Albert Piercing, and it looked like Big Bird was giving a blowjob to a tiny metal cock. "Not very didactic."

"It teaches good kids how to swallow." A clear drop of pre-cum materialized at the tip, accumulated size on the piercing and dripped to the floor. "Touch it," she said in a low voice.

"I'm..."

"Go on."

"I can't," he mumbled.

"Of course you can. You were born to do this."

Kevin reached out, hesitating and touched the creature. It sprung to his touch, and Diana sighed. Her cock was warm, and it spewed out more pre. Some fell on Kevin's hand, and he jumped as if it was poison from a Mamba snake.

"Sweetie," she said in a tender voice. "You promised you'll-"

He nodded and touched it again. The massive cock jumped again. Kevin closed his small palm around its girth and got another moan from Diana.

"Put your other hand on my bad boys," she whispered.

He dutifully clasped the balls, or whatever they were called on a futa. Diana's sack was hairless, round and fat. It reminded him of a male sac, and yet it wasn't. The two orbs were so big, that they barely sat in his palm.

"Don't be afraid, squeeze them, but gently."

Kevin did. It wasn't an unpleasant experience. You can do this, he thought.

"Yeah, that's right. God Kevin. I'm about to pop. I don't think that someone had made me so horny since I was a teenager."

Her words made him blush with pride. He knew that he was good-looking, but his short stature and lack of muscle tone were a deal breaker. His shyness didn't help either. Kevin never dreamed that he could make a girl say things like 'you make me horny.' True, she had a cock and balls. On the other jerking hand it was an equipment he knew how to operate. He started working on her cock, tugging and pushing it slowly. His fingers massaged the sensitive mushroom head and gently played with her piercing. His other hand kneaded her balls.

"Good boy." Diana patted his head. "Good boy."

He played on her skin, stretching Big Bird and folding it like an accordion.

"No, stop, stop..."

He paused and looked at her, surprised.

"I want to last longer."

"Kay," he said in a small voice and started again, slower. He stared into her eyes, so she gave him a warm, loving smile and placed her hand on his head. Her other hand caressed his cheek. "Kevin, you have no idea how good you make me feel."

It made his heart race. The boyfriend-girlfriend thing turned out to be far less terrible than he imagined. True, if any of his friends could see him presently, they would call him gay. If anyone from his old town could see him, they wouldn't want anything to do with him (and that was the best-case scenario). But it felt great. The look on this beautiful woman's face was priceless. On top of it all, it was going to get him out of his financial blunder.

Suddenly, Diana closed her palm on his. She gave a lioness roar. Her cock expanded in his palm and sprayed out a rope of white jism that hit him just above the eye. Kevin jumped back, but Diana closed her other hand on his head and held him in place. She started shooting copious amount of white fluid.

"Ah, Ah, Ah," she cried with each rope of viscous fluid. She kept heaving time and time again, each strand of cum landing on Kevin's nose, mouth, cheeks, and hair. Once she was done, she let go of his hand and dropped like a felled timber on her bed, laughing.

"Oh, baby..."

Kevin sat on the bed's edge in a state of shock. His face decorated like a Christmas tree. Diana's fluids dripped from his blonde spikes and chin. These sorts of things happened in porn movies; they were not supposed to happen to real people.

Diana was glowing. "I just wanted foreplay, before the main event, but baby... Wow. Your touch. It's something else."

He stared at her mortified. Was she for real? She took what little Helen left of his self-esteem and ejaculated all over it. "I..." He said quietly. "Can I use the top you threw to clean myself?"

"What? No! Lick it."

"What?" He said.

"Taste it. It's great. Baby, don't give me that look as if it's the first time you've seen someone bust a nut. Lick it."

"I can't."

"What's wrong with you?"

"What's wrong with me? It might come as a shock to you, but people ejaculate on my face on Friday only, and today is Sunday."

"Sweetie, don't be flippant. I don't like smartass boyfriends."

"I-"

"You're going to have to get used to it. The sooner, the better." She used three fingers to scoop a generous portion of her love juice off his cheek. "Open up."

"What?"

"Choo choo train."

"No!"

"Open up, she said again. This time there was an undertone that wasn't so cheerful.

"Diana, I-"

"Open up," she said slowly, lingering on every syllable. "Or the deal is off."

Kevin opened his mouth slightly, and Diana immediately jammed her three fingers inside.

"Suck on it."

He did. The taste wasn't gross. It didn't taste like anything much. The texture was a bit too much, but he pretended that it was melted vanilla ice cream.

"See, it's good, right? Soon you won't be able to get enough of it."

He licked her fingers clean, winced, and swallowed.

"Good boy. Now lick your lips. Excellent. Now clean the rest with your finger. No, don't smear it on the bed, dummy. Put it in your mouth."

Kevin scooped another load into his mouth.

"Don't swallow yet," she smiled.

"Mmmm?"

"Savor it. Like you would taste wine?"

"Mmmm?"

"Go on, sweetie."

Kevin played with her love juice around his mouth. Diana rolled on her stomach and rested her head on her palms, smiling at him. "Roll it on the tongue. Good boy. Open wide, and put the rest in there. Play with it. Show me you still have it all in there."

Kevin opened wide.

"Now make bubbles."

"Mmmm?"

"Like spit bubbles only with cum."

He blew cum bubble of a nice size. It exploded and sprayed his face with little cum droplets.

"Good boy. Now swallow the rest."

"Can I go wash, Diana?"

"What? No. You need to clean me first."

"But you're not dirty with- I mean, you don't have that stuff all over your face."

Diana rolled on her back, pointed on the now soft Medium Bird and smiled.

"You're kidding me."

Diana squinted.

"You're not kidding me."

"Okay let's stop right there, Kevin." She made a timeout sign. "I see the problem. Let's use guided imagery. Imagine you make a list of all the things that you wouldn't do with me even though I tell you to. You now hold that list in your hand."

"What?"

"Now you fold it very neatly. Is it folded?"

He nodded.

"Guided imagery. Use your imagination, sweetie. Can you imagine that list in your hand?"

He nodded.

"Now imagine I shoved it where the sun doesn't shine. I hate to quote my sister, but she's right. You need to grow up. A relationship is about giving, not just taking."

"What exactly am I taking here?" he said.

"Eight inches," she giggled.

"So this is how it's going to be?"

"No, you lean over me, stop pouting, and stop bitching. I want to feel those beautiful red lips of yours on Big Bird. That's how it's going to be. It's the last time I need to ask twice."

"No problem," he said. "This cookie won't give you any more trouble. He took a flaccid cock in his hand for the second time tonight. There was a moment of hesitation, and then he parted his lips slightly and sucked in the mushroom head.

Her hand went automatically to his hair. "Good boy," she said. "Yeah, right there."

"Done." He lifted his head. "You're clean."

"It's done when I say it's done," she pushed him back. "Imagine it's a pacifier," she said. "Suck baby suck."

Kevin vacuumed the mushroom head into his warm mouth.

"Pay attention to the teeth, honey." Her cock jumped. "Do you know why it does that, Kevin? It's because it's happy, and when the Big Bird is happy. I'm happy. Use your tongue on my Prince Albert."

Kevin dutifully played with the piercing; wiggling it with his tongue.

Diana started thrusting slowly, pushing the big head just a little further into the soft confines of his mouth. She moaned, and he got the message. He started bobbing his head on her shaft. Letting the mushroom head almost slip out, and then sucking it back in. Her girth was stretching his mouth pretty wide, and he couldn't help but dwell on how it felt to have his lips wrapped around her like that. He was gaining confidence. Each time he pushed, her Big Bird pecked a little further.

She straightened her back and leaned against the wall, looking down at his blonde head. "Baby, change position. Slide back. I want to see your lips, and I want you to keep an eye contact. Good boy. You listen. That's what makes a good bed partner. Listening."

Diana looked down at him, lips parted, as she watched her thick cock slip between his red lips. His purple eyes' beauty was hypnotizing. They were big, and they followed every move she made. She bit her lip hard, drawing blood, and then pushed his head off Big Bird.

"What? Did I hurt you? With my teeth? I tried hard not to. You got to believe me."

"Oh God, you are beyond cute," she smiled. "I don't want to pop so soon, but with you, it's simply mission impossible. Go slow. If I tap your shoulder, simply stop."

Kevin moved uncomfortably and went back to head bobbing.

"Wait, are you having a condition called 'uncomfortable stiffy'?"

He blushed deeply.

Yep, Diana thought, way beyond cute. "Well?"

"Aha," he mumbled, his lips still enfolding her cock into a loving embrace.

"So you like it!" There was a triumph in her voice.

He nodded his head, his tongue working around her tip, lavishing the underside. He rolled his lips up and down the length of her shaft. Diana rewarded him with a pat on the head. She pressed forward and watched his mouth engulf her further. The soft head pressed against his throat's entrance.

Kevin made a gurgling sound and tried to push further.

"You can't take me into your throat without practice, baby."

Kevin was so eager to impress her that he pushed anyway. He choked and almost puked.

"Told you. There will be lots of time to practice later, baby. Anyway-"

Kevin kissed the tip of her cock, surprising them both. It's not like he had a choice. He had to be her boyfriend for a year. He might as well learn to enjoy it. That's what he told himself at least when he entered her room. But as the evening progressed he had to admit the situation was hotter than he ever experienced. Cock or no cock, Diana was a super sexy woman. Her domination and her reactions made him hard. The apparent pleasure he was giving her was touching a dark fantasy inside him. Kevin started bobbing up and down again. As he sucked her cock, one hand slid down across her thigh, gently cupping her balls, coaxing her baby makers out. The silk touch of his tongue joined the fun and painted intricate symbols on the sensitive head.

Diana tapped his shoulder frantically. Kevin didn't let go. He pushed himself further, and Diana flexed her legs beneath them. His eyes were mesmerized, pleading.

"Baby, stop. Take a breath."

Kevin shook his head, sending another pleasure signal as his tongue massaged her slit and the cock's rim. He had some experience in free diving, and could proudly hold his breath for a little more than four minutes. Kevin didn't need to breathe. He needed to hear her moan.

"Hon. Ah... You... Fuuuhck." Diana roared for the second time that night, and a torrent of lust painted the insides of Kevin's mouth white. She gripped the back of his head hard and pulled him deeper. His cheeks bloated from the amount of cum, but he didn't let go of her cock. At last Diana pulled back. Her cock reluctantly went out of his mouth with an obscene plop, and she dropped on her back, gasping.

"Hell, Kevin..."

"Liked it?" His voice came muffled.

"What the fuck? You didn't swallow?"

He shook his head.

"Good boy. You're learning fast. Let me see."

He opened wide and showed her his tongue which was coated with her white substance. Opening his mouth caused the viscous juice to dribble out the corners of his mouth.

"God, you're hot. Now gurgle."

Kevin laughed and chocked because you shouldn't laugh when you have a mouth full of futa cum. Some of her juice crawled into his windpipe. He coughed, spraying spittle and semen.

"Funny, eh? You've spilled all my babies, Kevin."

"You're a Catholic?"

"Come here, idiot," she growled and pulled him into a deep kiss.

"It's not like I can get pregnant."

"Baby," she said tenderly. "Take everything off; I wanna see all of you."

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

Helen tried to go over a Restricted Appraisal Report, but the numbers and names were doing gymnastics on the page. She washed her head under the sink, letting the cold-water wash away her doubts. Kevin words had gnawed at her more than Helen was willing to admit. She tried going back to the report, but nothing made sense, and all she got from her attempt was a headache.

She expected Kevin to be some moocher who uses his charms on girls of her kind. A privileged spoiled brat who thought he could get away with everything using charm. But at some point tonight, he looked so confused and lost that she almost caved in. She had to steel herself, by telling herself it was all just a show.

After all, his charms were pressing all of her buttons, big time. Diana didn't exaggerate when she said that Kevin was the stuff that naughty dreams were made of. He had the boy-band slim beauty and the face of an innocent angel. The kind that causes fourteen-year-old girls to scream and faint. His purple eyes could borrow a hole in your soul if you weren't too careful.

From across the very long hall, she could hear Diana roar for the second time. The inconsiderate ass didn't bother to close the door. Didn't she know there were other people in this house?

She thought of her little sister on her bed with the naked lithe form of Kevin writhing under her. She had to go to the sink and rinse her neck with cold water again after that scene played in her mind.

Fuck!

She should have forced Diana to move to another apartment, long time ago. Hell, Helen was willing to offer her an apartment as a gift, if she'll move. Helen scolded Kevin for not being a grownup, and here she was raising a 28-year-old toddler. Diana worked as a salesman in a fancy boutique. Her salary barely supported her monthly shoes and dresses' budget. The rest she always smooched from Helen.

From across the hall, Diana laughed too loud. She was vocal with her lovers, but there was a new edge to the sound.

Why can't she close the fucking door?

Helen marched on stiff legs, out of the office. Asshole. Her sister was an asshole. Kevin was an asshole. But the biggest asshole was herself. She was the responsible adult in this sorry situation, and she should have known better. She allowed her stupid sister to manipulate her, yet again. What was she thinking? Be her boyfriend for a year. She never believed that a hetero guy would go for something like that. She never considered that he might not have a choice. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.

"Can't you close the fucking-" she started and froze. Kevin stood naked with his back turned to her, but when he heard her, he turned. His body was a free diver's body. Ripped. He had a wasp waistline and a six pack that wouldn't shame a Mr. Sexy Magazine front page. True, he was on the short side, and he didn't have massive shoulders, but he was stringy muscles all over. Kevin blushed when he saw her and covered his genitals.

Helen stood in the doorway frozen, staring at the naked image as Moses stared at the Promised Land from the mountain when God said he could watch, but he could never enter.

"You came for a show, you perv?" Diana laughed from her bed. "Costs fifty dollars to watch and a little more to participate. I thought you weren't into men, Helen?"

Helen found the strength to move her limbs again. She managed a strangled "Idiot," slammed the door shut and ran all the way to her room, locking the door behind her.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

"What was that all about?" Kevin said.

Diana shrugged. "Beats me. Super weird."

"Why did you say that?"

"That she can watch? Don't worry; she's too prude to do anything like that."

"No, why did you say she's not into men?"

"I was kidding. My sister says that's she's not into sex, but that's bullshit. I've seen her browsing history more than once. Hot naked boys." Diana mimed aggressive wanking and laughed like a she-devil.

"Oh, that's not nice."

"It's funny as shit," Diana smiled. "Because she always gives me that 'You're a slut' attitude. But I know her dirty little secret. She's just full of shit."

"That scar of hers and the eyepatch," Kevin said. "Helen scares me."

"I know. A bit of a freak show," Diana shrugged. "You'll get used to it."

"No, I meant that I get the feeling that she hates me."

"Helen hates all of my boyfriends. But don't you worry your pretty little head about it. It doesn't mean that she'll do anything about it. She'll simply ignore you."

"What happened to her? A car accident?"

"Are you seriously going to stand here naked and talk about my bitch sister? Come here this instance, beautiful. You owe me an erection since you stole the last one. Use that kitten tongue of yours to lick me proper instead of wagging it." She stretched her back on the bed and opened her thighs.

Kevin crawled quickly between the warmth of Diana's parted legs.

"So eager? Good boy." Diana placed her hands behind her head and sighed happily at the ceiling. Kevin eagerly took the base of her cock in his small hand and licked through her length with his soft tongue. Once her cock was slick with his saliva, he pulled the mushroom head deep into his velvety mouth.

Life was so good. In fact, if it'll get any better Diana figured that she might explode. "You'll be bringing your stuff in here tomorrow. Did I tell you to stop? Don't give me that puppy look, Kevin. Being a couple means living in the same house and sleeping in the same bed. That's what grownups do."

He nodded, and his cheeks caved in around her sensitive tip as he sucked.

"Oh, that was great. Do that thing again with your tongue. Like you were trying to burrow into the slit. Good boy. Good boy. We'll make a decent cocksucker out of you yet."

After that, she went quiet. Just happy to give in to Kevin's hot mouth. It was in cahoots with his plush lips and soft tongue, working their magic on her girl-cock. For some time later, there was no talk just the sound of his lips sucking air around her pulsing shaft, and the obscene symphony when his lips swallowed the head and rolled all the way back to the tip.

"Jesus. No way! I'm about to pop again."

Kevin smiled, his mouth still on her cock.

"No way, baby. It's time. Raise your head. I need five!"

"Time for what?" His voice was shaky because he wasn't born yesterday. He knew what girls like her did with boys like him.

"Don't worry, sweetie; we'll take it slow." She pulled herself into a lotus pose. Her massive cock was pointing skyward.

"But you're huge, Diana. It can't..."

"I'm only three inches."

"Are you counting in dog years?"

"Three inches wide from the base to the tip," she gave her devilish giggle. "Don't worry baby, we're going to do this with a ton of lube," she winked. "It's in the drawer."

Kevin found the blue gel tube. Diana leaned back and nodded in the direction of her massive member. Kevin poured a generous amount on it. His ass was quivering from the stress.

"Breathe, baby, in and out. The key is to relax."

"Easy for you to say."

"It'll be fine. You're not my first virgin. Now squat!"

Kevin stood up on the bed, facing her, spread his legs and lowered himself slowly to her waiting embrace. He clasped her fat cock, firmly, and aimed it at his quivering starfish. The spongy head bumped into the tiny entrance. Kevin shuddered. "No, I'm sorry, I'm..."

"Come on."

"I can't... I can't do this, Diana. I thought I could, but I just can't."

"Okay, so just the tip."

"Just the tip?"

"Just the tip. You've been such a good boy tonight; I think I can cut you some slack."

"Just the tip." He lowered himself further. The slippery head moved up and away from his starfish and Kevin fell into her lap. Diana giggled.

"Hey."

"Your tiny boy clit is so cute."

"My what?"

"Look," Diana pointed down. Their cocks stood head to head, touching. More precisely, head to belly, because Big Bird dwarfed Kevin's cock both in length and girth. "Your little chick looks like Big Bird's little brother. It's like a boy clit."

"Stop it."

"I'm fucking with you, baby."

"Not funny. I thought we were trying to fuck, not fuck my self-esteem. "

Diana smiled and kissed his lips. She had managed to convince him to deflower himself, which added a sweet cherry to the top of this beautiful boy cherry popping.

Kevin rose up again. This time he closed his warm hand on her massive cock and held it firmly. He aligned it until it nestled on the starfish's opening, then shuddered and lowered himself down. Diana's cock was slippery and didn't breach his virgin hole, so he tried to coerce it into the opening with his fingers.

"It's impossible, Diana, that's like stuffing an anaconda into a coke bottle."

"Try harder."

The young man laid one arm on her shoulders and used it to steady himself as he slowly skewered himself on the thick spear. His expression transformed as his small sphincter yielded around her fat knob. Millimeter by agonizing millimeter he felt his ass opening, as more of the big intruder claimed him. Kevin huffed like he was giving birth and his brow had lines of sweat.

Diana's legs started shaking. There was no denying the insane effect this young boy had on her body. His amazing eyes, tight body and scent combined to a senses overload. On top of it all, Kevin's sphincter was giving her sensitive head a firm massage. Despite everything Diana didn't close her eyes and didn't surrender to the pleasure. She stared at him, not even blinking, unwilling to miss even a heartbeat of her conquest.

After several minutes heavy breathing Diana's patience ran out, and she decided to give Kevin a helping thrust. His Scream went through the roof and the bulbous head through the quivering muscle, into the tight Embrace of his ass. The sphincter closed around the bulbous head and locked it inside a loving prison.

Kevin tried to scream again, but nothing came out of his mouth. "It hurts, it hurts, take it out."

Diana lifted him, and the burning pain returned as the head jammed into the closed muscle.

"Don't take it out, don't take it out. Just stay still! Don't move!"

"Take it out, leave it in. I think you misunderstood the roles in this relationship."

"It hurts," There were tears in his eyes.

"Don't be a pussy."

"Let's just wait till you go soft again, and then you can pull yourself out."

"Might take hours."

"I don't care," he huffed, "don't fucking care."

"Kevin, baby, so that you know, you're officially the best piece of ass I ever had the fun to visit." Diana placed her hands on top of Kevin's thighs and pulled.

"No," he huffed, "no."

Slowly but surely her cock conquered his super tight tunnel.

"P... P... Pull it out."

"Oops, sorry," she laughed, and instead of pulling it out she drove it deep into his rectum.

"Uhnnggghhh," he grunted loudly as she continued penetrating, stretching parts of him that weren't meant to be stretched so far. His ass was clenching and unclenching, driving her pleasure to peaks she never conquered before.

"Baby, your ass is so good, I just can't wait any longer," Diana forced herself balls-deep inside poor Kevin. His ass cheeks came to rest on her thighs. He screamed again, but she muffled it with a loving kiss, tonguing him deeply. She continued to kiss him while she began to withdraw her massive cock from his aching ass and then feed it back in. He tried to push her away, slapping her frantically like a blind man. He just wanted to escape the giant cock that was rearranging his insides. Diana loved those moments of deflowering. She pinned his arms to his body, and her stroke increased.

Kevin tried to squirm free. His attempts made his ass squeeze hard, sending Diana over the edge.

She thrust harder and faster, exploding a torrent of white cum deep in his bowels. Each thrust lifted him up from the bed, jerking him violently. When she was spent, she hugged him tight and rested her head on his shoulder.

Kevin felt lost. There was nowhere to run. His head sank between her little breasts, and he concentrated on breathing.

"Sorry about that baby."

"No, you're not." Kevin's face was red and tearful. The pain subsided, but the humiliation only grew when he reflected on the situation. He wanted to run away, but he simply couldn't find the energy to lift himself. "That was cruel, Diana. I thought you said you liked me."

"Sweetie, you were a virgin. The first time is always the hardest, but you'll soon learn to love it. I promise."

"What if I won't?"

"You're already starting."

"Are you mental, Diana?"

"Then why is your stomach so wet with your own cum?"

Kevin looked. Sometime during his ass ravaging he ejaculated on himself. He was too focused on the pain to notice. "It wasn't fun and I didn't like it, Diana. You said, 'just the tip.'"

"Oh, grow up for fuck sake." Diana lifted him, and her soft cock plopped from his ass. A stream of baby making juice followed it and dribbled down his legs. She lay down on her side and motioned him to spoon into her.

Kevin stared at her. She must be the most self-centered person he had ever met. When something didn't go as planned or wasn't to her liking, she just pretended it didn't happen.

"Well?" She said. "I need a good cuddle."

"I need to wash, Diana. I got to call my dad; he'll be worried."

"Call him."

"I think I left my phone on your sister's desk when I showed her the contract."

"Be super quick about it. I wanna sleep."

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

Helen had an intense masturbation session on her bed. She usually used Jaime Lannister's photo, but tonight she had a new image etched deeply in her mind, that of the naked lithe form of Kevin.

"Oh Kevin," she whispered at the ceiling. "You're as beautiful as a Michelangelo Statue. You want me bad, don't you? Yes, you do. You like older women with a massive credit card, don't you? Well, I have something massive for you. Do you feel it inside you? You feel super amazing, Kevin. Oh..." Her body was already hot, and it needed little encouragement before it went over the edge and she had to change her wet sheets. Then, she had to replace them for a second time. On the third session, she sat on her bathroom's toilet, because enough was enough. She closed her eyes and pictured Kevin's purple eyes as she rubbed her rigid pole.

Diana was right. There was just something irresistible about the young man. She told herself to let it go, that it was only a weird state of horniness that overwhelmed her tonight. But as she imagined Diana and Kevin squirming passionately on her sister's big bed, Diana's body going like a piston up and down between his thighs, Helen felt a nasty pang of envy.

Why couldn't it be her for once instead of Diana? What if she told Kevin that he must to be her boyfriend?

Helen stared at her image in her bathroom mirror. She scratched the eyepatch and then trailed her finger along her scar, down all the way below her neckline, where more scars awaited.

"He would probably run for the hills; you freak," she told her image, sighed, and went outside for a drink.

Someone was in her study. She saw Kevin's willowy form as he picked his phone off her desk. He wore boxers only, and his back was flushed with exertion. Kevin dialed a number but hung up immediately, wiped his eyes, and breathed deeply. He then he sat down, buried his head in his palms, and cried silently.

Helen's maternal instinct kicked into gear. A minute ago, in her imagination, he was just ass and lips for her pleasure. The dissonance between the imaginary sex toy and the real broken boy that was sobbing in her study, made her heart ache. Shame overwhelmed her. She wanted to go over and hug him. To tell him that everything is going to be alright and that they'll figure it out together somehow. But then he composed himself and dialed.

"Dad," his voice was shaky, and he was trying very hard to control it. "Yeah, I'm sorry that I didn't call you earlier. It took longer than I thought it would. No, no, everything is all right. Everything is-" He froze in mid-sentence because he finally noticed Helen standing in the hallways and staring at him. The look of pure hate he gave her, hit Helen's stomach hard.

"Sorry. No, nothing, I hit my toe on the... No, I'm okay. Really. I just sound like that because I ran up the stairs. Don't worry. I met the new landlord. Yeah, I told you I would I sort everything out. Yeah. She is. My new landlord is also a futa lady, like Mrs. Lewinski. Yeah, one of them dickgirls. No, this one's not pretty at all." Kevin straightened his back and stared at Helen, defiant and hateful. "In fact, she's as ugly as fuck. On the inside as well as on the outside. But I managed. It's okay. I've made a deal to sort out my debt. I'll call you tomorrow. Love you too."

Kevin hung up the call and went past Helen, back to Diana's bedroom. He didn't look at her or even acknowledge her existence. She felt transparent. Helen stared at Kevin's back and then stood in the hallway for a long time after he was gone. The big clock in the dining room and her only memory left from her mother chimed Twelve O'clock. She shuddered and ran back to her room, fell on the bed, covered her head with her pillow and cried for a very long time.

To Be Continued


Family Issues Ch. 02
byallthatisfuta©

First, I need to thank Nathan Oxford for proofreading again

And, ThanatopicFolds, for editing and working patiently with me. I learned a lot from you.

You guys totally rock.

On with the story.

*

"I've been hit!"

"He didn't hit you," Helen growled.

"He fucking shot me. He got me in the face!

"Come here. Lemme see your face, Lance," Helen said. She signaled Ryan to watch over the stairwell.

"Got me in the face!" The young marine was shaking. Fear and fury combined. He didn't step towards Helen. "Got me in the face!"

"Shut up!" Helen barked.

"Got me in the face!"

"Lemme see your face, Lance." Helen grabbed the young marine in a vise grip. The human touch, more than anything, did the trick and Lance stopped shouting and shaking. Helen removed his helmet, and checked for cuts or bruises. She found nothing, and put it back on. "You're fine."

"I saw a hajji! No, No! The room's full of booby-traps," Lance spoke erratically as his eyes darted across the roof and the stairs leading down. However, he didn't sound so convinced now, and he was breathing a little slower.

"You're fine."

She leaned against the nearby external wall and breathed deeply. The air in Husaybah, Iraq, was choked with sand and the acrid smell of burning tires. A dark cloud billowed above the eastern road. Another suicide car. The one that hit yesterday was driven by someone from Lebanon. She knew that because it was filmed from the other side and posted online an hour after the attack. The guy came all the way to Iraq and ended his life just to take a few marines with him. Fucking insane, Helen thought, coming all the way to this shithole just to die. The sun was mercifully hiding behind a cloud, but still, the heat was a beast that was trying to devour her.

"What do you wanna do, Boss?" Ryan said.

"I wanna get off this fucking roof."

"What's the status, Lieutenant?" The soft voice had a relaxing effect on her. She turned around and met Andy's blue eyes smiling at her behind the tactical goggles. The other squad members were following him, scaling down from the adjacent villa's roof to their spot.

"The motherfuckers got a fortified bunker in there, sir," she said.

"How many hostiles?"

"Two or three, maximum four. We got one. They've gone quiet though. I think they might have slipped off, but Charlie team didn't see anyone getting out of the house."

"We're going in?"

"The problem is we got way too many rooms to our right and left," she signalled with her hands in the directions that concerned her.

"No, the real problem is that the flyboys are gonna start dropping 500 lb. bombs in fifteen mikes. We have to clear this house and get to the river."

Helen nodded. She'd go to the gates of hell if Andy asked her to, and not because he was her commanding officer. "If you wanna go, I'll go first," she said. "Ryan, back me up."

"Oorah, that's my Valkyrie!" Andy gave her the thumbs up.

She slowly descended the stairs, one step at a time, her back pressed against the wall, down from the roof and into the villa. Eyes front, flashlight and rifle following her gaze. Helen's breathing was shallow, but in her ears, it sounded like a tornado blowing. One floor down she reached the spot where they hit the insurgents ten minutes ago. She saw a shadow and shot once, then made a sweeping sign to signal forward movement.

The first thing she noticed was the RPG resting against the wall. A deadly toy that had been forgotten by an irresponsible kid. Next, she saw the young man's body. He lay in the room's corner, a human being a few minutes ago, and now a crumpled ball of hands and feet. Death was dirty. It was her bullet that got him, she was sure. Ryan didn't shoot, and Lance blasted the door. Helen was the only one who kept her cool. It wasn't the first time she shot an enemy, but it was the first time that she saw the results up close. She felt bile coming up. The dead youth couldn't have been older than fifteen.

"Clear left," Ryan shouted to her left.

"Clear right," she shouted. "I think they ran off through that window, sir. See that hedge? They could have crawled under it."

Andy cleared dust from his forehead, nodded, and picked the comm. "Hitman Two-Two, this is Hitman Two-Three. Redcon one in five mikes."

"Solid copy. Redcon one in five mikes."

"Hitman Two Two, I've got two to four hostiles possibly coming your way on the north road."

"Keeping our eyes open, Hitman Two-Three."

Something crashed inside the room to the left. The distinct sound of metal on metal, almost aching in its suddenness, cleaved the already tense atmosphere.

The marines around her froze. Helen gave Ryan a harsh stare because it was his sector. Andy signaled Ryan to back him, inching slowly towards the source of the sound. He kicked the door open to a room devoid of furniture other than a mattress and white curtains on a big window facing the river. The curtains swayed gently and reminded Helen of her grandmother's home.

"Clear," Andy wiped sweat again. "Let's get the fuck out of here." He stepped into the room and onto the mattress. His leg hit something that shouldn't have been there, a black string. Helen had time for a warning scream that would echo in her memory forever. She heard a whirring sound as the IED activated, unleashing an inferno that swallowed them.

As the charge exploded Helen woke up screaming from the nightmare. She always slept with a small light on since she came back from Iraq, but for some reason, the room was completely dark. She searched with a shaky hand on the shelf near the bed. The back of her hand hit the glass of water that stood there, and it crashed to the floor.

"Shit, shit, fuck!"

Her tank top and the sheets were sweat-drenched, even though she set the air conditioning last night to 66. Her hand found her eyepatch, and she grasped it. She was a drowning man, and it was the rope. Shaking she put it on and searched her way to the window. Helen stepped on broken glass, and it etched deep inside her heel. She couldn't care less. She felt her way to the window and with shaking hand pressed the button that activated the shutters. Bright morning beams washed the room, and a white dove on her balcony blinked at her, surprised.

"Yeah?" She said to the bird. "Let's see you handle PTSD; then we'll talk."

--------------

Kevin heard the scream, stopped folding Diana's shirt and turned to her. His big purple eyes were open wide.

Diana shrugged.

"Why does she do that?" he said.

"I dunno. Bad dream I guess."

"Yeah, but yesterday too?" Kevin said. "I have bad dreams sometimes. I don't wake up screaming." He tried to listen to the sounds from the hallway, but all he heard was the quiet hum of the air conditioner. "What's wrong with her?"

"Dunno. Been like that since Iraq."

"Iraq? What did she do in Iraq?"

Diana stretched and gave herself a loving hug, "She served in the Marine Corps."

"Helen was a marine?"

"Leave her alone, Baby Butt, she doesn't like it when people stick their nose into her private life."

"Can you stop with the Baby Butt, Diana?"

"You don't like it?"

"Take a wild guess," he made a funny face at her. "How much do you think I hate it on a scale of one to go fuck yourself?"

"That's too bad, because I like Baby Butt, Baby Butt."

"It makes you a pedo because you stick your thing in my butt every day."

Diana laughed.

"Anyway, it's weird," he folded her shirt, scanned his work critically, flipped it and folded it again.

"What's weird? Baby Butt, or Helen?"

"That you two live in the same house and you don't know why she wakes up screaming every other day or so. You're more strangers than sisters. I've never seen you two exchange more than a sentence."

"We're very different people, Helen and I." Diana licked her mouth while she stared at Kevin's behind. His boxers stretched and clung to his toned cheeks as he stood on his tiptoes and tried to place the shirt on the upper shelf. She felt her cock stir. "I'm the kind of girl who's fun-to-be-with. I've got a bubbly personality, a great sense of humor, a light-up-the-room smile, I'm beautiful, sexy, I'm the life of the party, and she's...well...she's Helen."

"That's not very nice."

"I thought you hated her, Baby Butt."

"I don't have many reasons to like her." He shrugged and folded another shirt. "But I don't hate her. Well, not anymore. I think that she's going through something difficult. I feel sorry for her."

"Why?"

"Empathy, Diana? It's when one human being sees another human suffering, and he feels he can relate because he too had been through shitty times."

"I don't get it."

"I know."

"What's that supposed to mean? Are you being a condescending prick right now?"

"Look, all done!" Kevin changed the subject and swept his hand, palm up, across the floor, like a magician bragging to the audience after a particularly fantastic trick.

Diana surveyed her empty floor. The room looked strange without the piles of clothes.

"Now let's see what we've learned. When you take out a shirt, and you don't feel like putting it on because it doesn't go with the jeans, should you, A, drop it on the floor, or B, fold it neatly and put it back to where it came from?"

"Hmmm... Call Kevin?"

"It's not a trick question."

"Can I get a fifty-fifty lifeline? Call a Friend?"

"Oh, for fuck's sake."

"Hey! News flash, Baby Butt, there's more behind that door!" She pointed at an oak red door at the back of her room.

"The walk-in wardrobe?"

"It's not a walk-in wardrobe, dummy. It was supposed to be a study."

Kevin opened the door to a room full of cardboard boxes and more piles of clothes, "What's inside these boxes?"

"Clothes. Shoes... Other stuff. I still haven't unpacked everything."

"Diana, you moved in a month and a half ago."

"What's the rush?"

Kevin gave a deep sigh. "Okay then."

"Okay nothing, come here!" She hooked her fingers inside the waistband of her sexy red underwear and wiggled them down her hips. The snake that was lurking there pushed against the fabric.

"How about we change position just this once?" he said. "You know, add some spice as they say."

"You wanna ride me reverse cowboy?"

"I wanna be on top for once. You have a vagina under your bad boys, I've seen it."

Diana smirked. "You wanna cook a baby futa in the oven?"

Kevin went to the part of the closet that was his and pulled up a condom. He waved it triumphantly.

"My vajayjay is for procreation only." Diana pulled Big Bird out. "This is my sex equipment."

"Okay, so how about your tight little butthole?"

"I'm not some stick-it-anywhere slut." Diana made a face.

"Neither am I and still you stick me in there, daily and nightly and ever so rightly."

"Kevin, I'm getting kinda bored with your nonsense. Come here! "

Kevin tossed the condom back in the closet. He thought he might as well throw it in the trashcan considering he wouldn't be using it anytime soon. Well, at least he tried. "Should I get the lube?"

"No need. Deep-throating lesson."

"I don't see the point."

"Because it goes deep in your throat, ha ha!"

"Ha ha," Kevin poked his tongue at her. "Because we both know I can't do it."

"Sure you can! Practice makes perfect. Now don't make that face, show some enthusiasm!"

Kevin tried to smile as he walked to the bed. It's not that he didn't like oral with Diana. It was hard for him at first to admit, especially to himself, but it felt super sexy. The fact that he could control and so easily extract gasps and moans of pleasure from an absolute hottie was addictive. He just didn't understand why she kept insisting that he learn how to deep-throat. So far, the experience had been consistently painful, and on one occasion, caused him to puke on the both of them.

He began by licking across the length of her shaft. Wetting was the key. Diana's massive cock jumped at the silk touch of his tongue. A crystalline drop of pre-cum materialized on the tip, and he licked it off like an excited kitten lapping warm milk.

"Mmmmm, that feels good! You have such a sweet little mouth. I'm so lucky."

"Thanks."

"No talking during oral class! Be attentive to your teacher!"

"Yes, mam."

She slapped his cheek playfully. "Don't just lick it, suck it. That's right. Good boy!" Her cock now was rock hard between his lips, thick and full. "Use your tongue on the tip when you're pulling."

He began, with each draw back on her cock, to swirl his tongue around the sensitive tip of her cock, causing her to shiver in delight

"Eyes up, never break eye contact. I wanna see those purple beauties looking at me. Yep, just like that. Adorable. Good boy." She patted his head.

"Now the funny thing about sex, is that half of it is happening right here," she tapped her forehead. "So if you want to make a girl like me happy, you also gotta say the right things. Tell me how beautiful I am."

"You said no talking."

She slapped his cheek again; this time she wasn't so gentle.

"Ouch! Um, I like your red panties, they match the bloodshot in your eyes."

"Asshole! Make me feel special. Complement my beautiful eyes."

"There's something beautiful in your eyes. Oh wait, it's me."

"Want me to kick you, Kevin?"

"Just, trying to lighten the mood."

"You know what, just blow me. No more talking. Don't rush," Diana said when he started bobbing fast on her cock. "Slowly. Enjoy it. Ooh, Good boy..." she cooed, looking down at him. "Slower." Her hand gently pushed down on his blond spikes, and he knew he wouldn't be allowed to raise his head before she spilled her hot salty juice in his mouth.

He closed his lips around the thick shaft, careful not to touch it with his teeth. He dragged his soft lips up and down. When he was up, his tongue played with the delicate spongy head, when he bottomed, his tongue licked the underside of her cock.

"Mmmm, you're good at this baby..." she murmured, her cock now rock-hard between his lips, thick and full.

The massive head slid back and forth along his tongue, filling his taste buds with Diana's meaty flavour. Kevin paid particular attention to the foreskin peeled back around the edge of Diana's big cockhead. He had learned that teasing that sensitive area with his tongue made her go crazy. A gentle bite on the foreskin with his teeth would even launch her over the edge and make her forget about deepthroating.

Not today.

"Stop!" She panted. She stared lovingly into his eyes and the ring his mouth formed around her pulsing cock. The image alone almost sent her over the edge. "Wait." She took her iPhone from her pillow and snapped a picture before he could object. He tried to escape the camera's gaze, but the hand pushing down on the back of his head prevented him from pulling away. "Something private, for the sad moments when I'm working away from my beautiful Baby Butt boyfriend."

She placed her other hand on the back of his head. "Ready?"

"Hmm, hmm!" he shouted, muffled, as he frantically tried to pry the strong hands that kept his head locked to Diana's cock.

"I'll take that as a yes." She pulled his delicate head forward until she felt her cock bumping against the back of his throat. She then kept pulling. "No, you're doing it all wrong. Like I showed you the last time. You need to swallow."

Kevin swallowed, but nothing budged.

"Swallow baby. Think that you have a huge pill in your mouth and the doctor told you to swallow, or you'll die. Swallow, swallow, swallow!"

Kevin's throat constricted and he began to gag. However, he kept trying to swallow her cock just to make her happy. When porn stars did it in porn movies, it looked as simple as kissing. Why couldn't he do it? He had no problem with his oxygen supply. Last week he'd broken a personal free diving record and held his breath for four minutes and forty-five seconds. This was nothing. If only his throat would cooperate.

"Swallow, Baby Butt! Ooh! Swalalala! Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy yah...Bad girls gon' swalalala!" Her hand went to his throat. She tickled his Adam apple, coaxing the muscles to contract, to open, and let her in. "Go, baby, go, baby, go, baby," she sang. "We're almost there!"

Indeed, he felt the unimaginable happening. Even though he was battling a massive gag reflex, he felt his throat muscles relaxing.

"Here it comes, it's going in!" Diana was ecstatic. Her cock throbbed, and he felt the first burst of her hot seed hitting the back of his throat and flooding his mouth.

"Argh!" she cried, and pushed his head brutally down to the base of her cock, "Ah, ah, argh!" with each squirt she pulled away before slamming back into Kevin's face. Her cock was a battering ram slamming at the back of his throat. "Fuuuuuck!" At last, completely spent, Diana released Kevin from her grip and fell to the bed behind her.

"Sorry love, totally my bad." Diana breathed hard between bursts of laughter. "We almost made it this time, if only I could have waited a minute longer. It's not your fault. Well, actually it is because you're so goddam sexy!" She jumped on his back like a lioness pouncing on a gazelle in the African Savannah. Diana sunk her teeth into his bare shoulder until she drew blood.

"Ow!" he screamed.

"Sorry, babe," she kissed Kevin's neck and nuzzled him. "Can't help it."

"I have a lecture in an hour."

"Just a few more minutes with my baby." Her warmth and her tiny tits felt nice as they caressed his naked back, but her spear was nestled between his ass cheeks, and he knew what would happen in a minute.

"Don't you dare get hard again, Diana!"

She sunk her teeth into his other shoulder.

--------------

The house was quiet. Helen waited, her ear glued to her bedroom door, trying to guess if anyone was on the other side. She opened the door slowly and peeked into an empty hallway.

'I'm like a fucking thief in my own house', she thought.

Kevin was a fait accompli. She gave him a week. Two weeks tops. That was usually long enough for Diana to offhandedly declare that the latest love in her life wasn't worth the effort. Diana was all about the chase. When it ended so did her interest. But Kevin was about to enter his fourth week in Helen and Diana Brion's little kingdom. Even worse, Diana walked, talked and breathed Kevin. There seemed to be nothing else on her mind these days.

This caused several unforeseen issues.

Helen stared amazed at the tent in her pajama pants. "Oh, for fuck sake!"

Diana didn't exaggerate when she said that Kevin excreted some sort of pheromone from his beautiful body that hit the wrong (or the right) futanari nerves. Even on days when she awoke from a nightmare, she still had a morning wood that in case she fell could impregnate someone in China.

She jumped back on her bed to begin yet another masturbation session, furious, trying very hard not to think about Kevin. Which is akin to not thinking about a blue camel. At last, she gave a frustrated roar as she imagined his beautiful lips wrapped around her cock. She could only last eight seconds once she succumbed to that image.

One big issue resolved, she snuck into the hallway.

Since that first fatal night and their embattled interrogation, Kevin treated her as if she was a shadow. He never talked to her, he didn't look at her or even acknowledge her existence. It made encounters with him painful to the extent that she did everything to avoid them. She went out early, worked late, and as a rule, kept to her study and her room. She was becoming a ghost in her own apartment.

Not everything was bleak, of course. There were some perks to the new situation which almost made the whole thing bearable.

Helen tiptoed to the kitchen, and almost shouted with glee when she saw no one there. She ran to her super modern refrigerator and checked it. "Yes!" she whispered "Yes, yes, yes." Kevin made asparagus pasta and roasted salmon with crispy potatoes last night. 

"Leftovers!" She made a fist pump.

Before Kevin came to live with them, their refrigerator was a black hole. Neither Helen nor Diana knew or cared to cook. But Kevin, as it turned out, could spin a tasty dinner in minutes, with whatever ingredients he had under his hands. His amazing home cooking was a million times more delicious than ordering Chinese food or some half cold pizza.

Helen stuffed a plate full of goodies in the microwave, nervously checking the hallway. She eyeballed the cookie jar which Kevin filled last Sunday with the best chocolate chip cookies she had ever had the joy of sampling. Helen fell in love with them, and the cookie jar had been emptying at an alarming rate ever since. She wondered whether they'd notice if she took another, then said 'fuck It' and grabbed five.

She placed the tip of one cookie on her luscious lips, took a tiny bite, breathed in the smell, and closed her eyes. "Mmmm, fuck!"

--------------

Kevin came early from work. After spending the morning in Professor Lazarov's Data Warehousing lectures, he had two groups for refresher dive. Both were tourists from Japan, and proved to be polite and attentive. Consequently, he finished instructing them in record time. He got back to the apartment by three o'clock, coded two programs for his Real-Time Lab that were due by next week, cooked dinner, and cleaned the house.

He knew he should spend the time before Diana got home studying for the Advanced-CPU-Architecture exam but the red oak door in Diana's room kept distracting him. His attempt to turn their room into less of a rebel teenager's cavern and more of a place where adults live was in jeopardy. He knew Diana would just pull clothes out of the cardboard boxes and let things fall where they may. Studying versus cleaning; priorities versus his fixation.

"Damn you OCD, my old nemesis," he smiled and waved a fist at his image in the mirror. "Foiled my plans again."

The first cardboard box contained shoes. 'We need a data warehouse just to keep track of Diana's shoes,' he thought, shaking his head. The second box was half empty. It held a pocketbook and a wooden red box.

The book title was 'Master and Margarita', and the cover displayed a silhouette of a cat. The cover was partially scorched as if someone saved it from a fire. 'Weird,' he thought and opened the first pages. It had a handwritten dedication on the front page: 'To the bravest girl in the 2nd battalion.' The wooden red box held neatly folded papers that carried the Army eagle seal. They were letters written in a neat feminine handwriting. Kevin opened the first letter.

Dear Andy,

I'm writing you a letter that you'll never read because I'll never have the courage to send it. But sometimes thoughts are just too big to keep in one's skull. They bang against your forehead, and you must share them with someone, or they'll hurt you. I wish I dared to share my thoughts with you, but since that is out of the question, this sheet of paper will have to do.

Because something big happened today for the first time. I saw courage today. No, not in combat, I've seen plenty of that around here, though I don't mean for a moment to belittle it. After all, a man risking his life for country and brothers-in-arms cannot be called anything but a hero. It's hardly trivial. But I saw today a different kind of courage, one that is no less heroic.

I'm not sure if you know what it's like for a futa girl like me growing up. You've seen a glimpse of that today when Sergeant Robert called me, well, you know what. I'm not even going to repeat those awful words. I've heard them, and worse, too many times.

People look at me and they see a tough bitch. They think that words like the ones Sargent Robert used just bounce off me. But they're wrong. Every time I'm called those horrible names, it robs a little piece of my humanity. It makes me less than a person, a freak. I pretend not to care. Sometimes I hit back. But I can't tell you how many nights I've cried. Only my pillow and my sweet mom shared those moments. You'd think that with so much experience I would develop a thick skin. But I have never managed that trick; I don't know why. I guess some things you just can't get used to.

The world is made of victims and villains, but mostly of indifference. Most people never treat me like Sergeant Robert did today, but they stand by and do nothing. Today I met the fourth kind; the hero. You stepped forward for me. You didn't care what people might say about you or us behind your back. You knew the implications. But you saw injustice, and you stepped forward. I was too ashamed to thank you, but that was the first time that someone stood up for me. I think that even Sergeant Robert was shocked; his apology even sounded sincere. I can't begin to describe in words how much it meant to me. That moment of grace. I can't stop thinking about it since this morning. So I'm guessing I only wanted to say thank you, dear soul, for restoring my faith in humanity.

Sincerely yours,

Valkyrie.

--------------

Kevin came out of the bathroom smelling of cologne. His natural smell mixed with the perfume had a Pavlovian effect on Diana, and made her hot downstairs. The tall redheaded futa girl scanned him from head to toe. "That's what you're wearing, Baby Butt?"

"No, I've got my Superman suit underneath in case Lois Lane calls," Kevin said.

"I told you how much I like a flippant mouth."

"I told you how much I love being called Baby Butt."

"You're not wearing a T-shirt and Jeans to Comfort Zone 13, and certainly not these sneakers. We're not going out with you wearing that."

"Okay," Kevin shrugged. "So we'll stay home. I've got to study anyway."

"What? That's three weeks without clubbing for me! Do you have any idea just how insane it is?"

"Have fun. Don't drink too much."

"You're coming with me," Diana growled, "And you're wearing something else. I'm showing you off to my friends for the first time."

"This is my best outfit, Diana."

"Well it sucks." Diana stomped like a little girl who didn't get her candy. "We're going to do some shopping first."

"I don't have the budget for the kind of stores you have in mind."

"So fucking what?" She snarled.

--------------

"When we meet my friends, say nothing about our...you know, our arrangement."

"Diana, I'm as embarrassed about it as you are," Kevin said. "It's a- what the fuck do you think you're doing?"

"Relax."

"It was a fucking red light!" Kevin shouted.

"The road was clear," Diana swerved and drove the BMW over the traffic island to the opposite lane, forcing an oncoming black SUV to break hard.

"Jesus, I'm too young to die!"

"Don't be a wuss, Baby Butt. We're in a bit of a hurry. DJ Salomon is on tonight."

"Who?"

"You know, DJ Salomon? 'Music chose me, music is my time machine,' that DJ Salomon?"

"Oh, the 'music chose me,' guy. Of course."

"You don't know who I'm talking about?"

"Not a clue."

Diana sighed. "We'll need to work on that. The guy has a vibe like you wouldn't believe. He pumps you higher than molly."

"I've never taken ecstasy, so I wouldn't know."

"We'll need to work on that too."

"We wouldn't have been late if you hadn't insisted on that second store."

"Totally worth it." She scanned him from head to toe and bit her lower lip. The purple buttoned shirt she bought him was clean and minimal. It fit around Kevin's lithe body like a second skin and made his purple eyes shine. Diana had to kick herself mentally to prevent herself from pulling over and ravishing him. "Baby Butt, you're so beautiful my eyes hurt."

"Thanks, I think. You look terrific too. Very sexy."

"I can't wait to show you my kingdom."

"Comfort Zone 13 is your kingdom? I thought it was a dance club."

Diana beamed at him. "Wait till we get there. You'll see all the wannabees who have to wait in line while we'll be going straight in. The bouncers even call me 'Princess Di.'"

"They must have seen you drive. Slow down, or we'll end up the same way she did!"

Diana kept going on about 'her' club, and Kevin feigned interest while his mind wandered to the letters he had found in the back room. He knew he shouldn't have read them because they felt way too personal, but he was hooked. The mysterious Andy was present in every one of them. However, he was more interested in the writer, the girl with the strange name, Valkyrie. She was intelligent and a woman of the world; that much was obvious. But that wasn't the reason he was drawn to her letters. She had a way of expressing herself that kept him reading and a delicate inner world that she shared with the page which he found irresistible. It was less a letter to someone and more of a monologue. A map of another person's soul put on display. He felt like an intruder because he knew the writer never intended for anyone to see these letters. Andy certainly never got to see them.

The writer was obviously deeply infatuated with Andy, and her tragic inability to muster the courage to talk to him was heart-breaking. Kevin invented an imaginary story in his head, about how he was going to find Andy and confess Valkyrie's love to him. In the little story, Andy was in love with Valkyrie. It was a comedy of misunderstandings that Kevin was going to bring to a happy conclusion.

"Diana," he said, "I've found some letters in one of your unpacked boxes."

"Letters? Like emails?"

"No. Handwritten."

"People still make those?" Diana looked annoyed because he interrupted her in a middle of a story that basically described how awesome she was and how all her friends adored her awesomeness.

"The recipient is a guy named Andy. Do you know an Andy?"

"I know an Andrew."

"Nope."

"Helen has an accountant named Andy working for her." Diana felt her heartbeat rise, because they were nearing the club. "Maybe that's him?"

"I dunno," Kevin sniffed. "Why would you have letters written for Helen's accountant inside a box in your house?"

"Maybe Helen wrote them?" Diana said.

"Not a chance," Kevin smiled. "Not in a million years. I mean she's a futanari, that's obvious, but that's the only thing she has in common with your sister. Helen and the woman who wrote the letters, they're chalk and cheese. You couldn't find two more different people if you searched the entire planet."

--------------

Dear Andy,

I'll tell you a secret, but you'll have to promise not to tell anyone. I always smile when I say these words. They remind me of someone I lost, and though losing someone is usually sad, when I remember her I cannot help but smile.

See, I haven't always been like that, hiding my heart in the shadows. When I was young, I never thought that I was different. Well, of course, I knew we were, but we were just as different as everybody else. There were the Chinese immigrants on 23rd street; everyone called them chinks. The Pakistani Ghetto near Ogden Park; everyone called them ragheads. There were the Beaners and the Cabbage Eaters, the Yids and there were us, just another minority group. People have several nasty names for futas. They even wrote them on our little apartment's door a couple of times. But it was the norm. Everyone was prejudiced, but I never had to think about it.

I remember one summer by the river with my best friend, Scott Pierce. We were hunting for river crabs during the twilight of childhood and the dawning of puberty. I remember a lot of laughter, and a lot of messing around, and very little fishing. There are some perks when you grow up in places like West Englewood, and one of them is sex. It wasn't a secret or a big deal. Everybody knew what goes where or who does what to whom. I guess when you grow up with ten people in a two-room apartment you can't help but see some things and learn to ignore them.

I remember that day because Scott said he'd show me his if I showed him mine. We did, and we laughed about it. I remember sleeping in the tall grass, and I remember waking up, crawling to where Scott was daydreaming and whispering in his ear: "I'll tell you a secret, but you'll have to promise not to tell anyone."

"Sure," he said, and I whispered, "I think you are awesome, Scott Pierce, and I think I want to be your girlfriend."

I got my first kiss from a boy that day, and I remember not walking home but sort of flying on a cloud. I painted Scott Pierce and red hearts all over my math notebooks.

A week later, Robert King, the school bully, punched my little sister because, and I quote, "the freak looked at me funny." I punched his lights out and sent him straight to the ER. Some kids get to be heroes for pulling stunts like that. Me, I became a pariah, because of who I was.

I remember a group of kids, led by Robert's big brother standing around me during the break and shouting the next day. I learned a new word that day: 'cuntboy.' But the most hurtful thing I remember from that day was Scott Pierce standing in that circle of kids and shouting the loudest.

I lost the girl that day. The one who will tell you a secret, but you'll have to promise that you'll never tell anyone. I really miss her sometimes. I hope she's still out there and wasn't completely lost in the woods of prejudice and cruelty. Maybe she'll surprise me and come out of the shadows one day and will let you read my letters.

Sincerely yours,

Valkyrie.

--------------

Helen came back early from the office because she knew she would finally have the house to herself. That was another aspect of the Kevin Effect. Diana went clubbing at least twice a week and going out dancing Monday to Saturday wasn't unheard of. But her sister had opted, during the last three weeks, to spend every night at home with her new boyfriend.

Maybe she was finally growing up?

Too bad it took an asshole like Kevin to make it happen.

Helen checked the fridge and danced a tiny victory jig when she found the lasagne Kevin had made this afternoon. She dropped her butt on the sofa, kicked off her tall boots, placed her long legs on the living room's table and sighed.

Alone at last.

The sofa smelled of Kevin's cologne and Helen's eyes rounded as she stared at the big tent in her black pencil dress. "Fucking unbelievable." She slapped her raging hardon. "Et tu, brute? We don't like Kevin; do you understand me? We hate the little spoilt insensitive gold-digger!" It dawned on her that she sounded a lot like Gollum and his precious, so she stopped talking to her cock.

She dipped her fork in the lasagne and placed it in her mouth. "Oh, my God," Helen closed her eyes and breathed deep. Her taste buds had a tiny orgasm. "Damn, we love Kevin!" she told her cock. "We love Kevin the cook, we adore his perfect tight body, we can dip in his purple eyes and swim in them forever, but we hate his rotten personality."

She grabbed the remote and flipped through the channels, searching for something new to watch. However, she'd seen every TV series that was worth seeing, twice. A book then! She surfed on to Amazon and left a detailed five stars review for Missing Kissinger by Etgar Keret, signing in as Valkyrie. Her previous review had accumulated a lot of positive votes. Usually, that sort of approval would make her smile, but tonight her dark wind blew strong. The void in her stomach that was ever present since Iraq felt more menacing than ever before.

She needed something new in her life.

Maybe a cat?

No.

Restless, Helen tiptoed to Diana's room, and blinked, amazed when she saw the empty floor. Kevin was nothing less than a David Copperfield. She pulled the door of Diana's massive wall closet. Everything was neatly folded and stacked in neat rows. Even Diana's countless pairs of shoes.

"Fucking unbelievable."

Kevin took a single shelf for himself. Her hand hovered, shaking over a stack of his shorts. She grabbed a pair and ran on her gazelle legs back to her room.

Helen jumped on her bed and wiggled herself out of her dress and undies, freeing the anaconda. She seized her cock almost violently and rubbed it against Kevin's shorts. One, two, three times was all it took for her to shoot her load into the fabric. She lay down for the longest time after that, her round chest going up and down with each intake of breathe, just staring at the ceiling. She picked Kevin's boxers from her bed between finger and thumb. They were drenched with her seed. The shorts were white, with paintings of cats riding tricycles. Childishly innocent.

She felt bile coming up and managed to get to the bathroom just in time before she puked the lasagne all over the sink.

"Oh my God; my life stinks," she said to no one as she hid the shorts in the wastepaper basket. She took a searing hot shower after that, hoping to wash off some of the dark feelings. On the fog of her shower's wall, she wrote, 'I'm pathetic!' and signed with a sad smiley underneath.

--------------

Diana clubbed like it was the last night on earth and Kevin had to admit that her enthusiasm was a shot of pure adrenaline. She was right about DJ Solomon's vibes too, they were infectious. You had to join the mad beat, and when you did, you took wing and flew high.

Despite his small stature, Kevin was an athlete from an early age. He felt comfortable inside his body in a way most people who have greater control of their muscles do. Dancing sat firmly inside his comfort zone. Even when he didn't know the moves, all it took was to observe others. Then he could join in and merge with the crowd. A beautiful drop in a sea of moving flesh, sweat, and sex.

Diana dancing was an erotic dream. She wore a tight, sleeveless black velvet dress with cleavage going all the way to her navel. In the back, the dress opened almost all the way to the crack in her peachy ass. Her red hair was wet with gel, and it glowed each time a strobe blinked. There was only one other place where she was similarly alive; the bed. She danced like nobody was watching, but Kevin was confident that everyone was. His girlfriend was, hands down, the most beautiful woman in here.

Diana had the same experience, intoxicated by the thrill of the dancefloor. The Comfort Zone 13 Club was a well-known futanari hangout. She was aware of every movement, every lecherous stare that was directed at Kevin. There were many, and she basked in them all. One of the stares belonged to an old flame of hers. In the blinking strobe light, she saw Nadine. A tall Middle Eastern girl, exotically stunning, emptied glass after glass at the bar. The beautiful futa never left her smoky eyes from the dancing form of Diana's new boyfriend, swallowing his every movement alongside her cocktails. The Arab girl's beautiful face twisted with a snarl when she noticed Diana observing her. The redheaded futa smiled back at her, thinking that winning an Olympic Medal couldn't feel as good as this moment.

She caught Kevin's face in a loving grip and pulled him up for a French kiss. When it was over, it took her teeth some time to let go of his lip. She turned to Nadine and gave her a winning smile again.

"I'm going to the boys' room," Kevin shouted over the music.

"Meet me back at the booth over there, that's where the gang sits."

He turned to go, but she grabbed him and hugged him close, grinding her cock into his ass. "Be careful." She said to his ear and nibbled it. "This place is stacked with aphrodisiacs, molly, testosterone, horny futas, and alcohol."

"I'm a big boy. "

She bit his ear hard.

There was a line to the men's room which was something he wasn't used to. A slim fellow with a soft smile and a hint of femininity stood in line before him. He looked no older than eighteen.

The guy turned to Kevin and smiled. Not the best set of teeth. "You're hot."

"Sorry?" 

"I said you're hot."

"Yeah, I thought you said that," Kevin fidgeted.

"You don't have to look like I've just stepped on your pet hamster. It's just a compliment."

"If you were a girl, dude," Kevin said. "You're a dude, and I'm a dude."

"Captain obvious on deck?"

"It's just that dudes don't tell other dudes that they're hot," Kevin blinked. "Unless they're gay."

"I'm gay," the slim guy said.

"Oh fuck." Kevin had a moment of teeth grinding. "Did I just come out as a homophobe?"

"Just a ..." The little guy brought his index and thumb together.

"Fuck, sorry about that. And come to think about it, my girlfriend is a futa, so that makes me gay too, or at least bisexual."

"Have you ever been attracted to men?"

"Not really," Kevin shrugged. "I like curves."

"So you're not bi, you're a Fub."

"Dude, I know Krav Maga. No name calling."

"A Futa Boy."

"Nice. If people back home knew that I'm a Fub, they would Fub my ass to Kingdom Come!"

"Oh, that kind of place. Now I get the homophobia. I'm Colin," He offered his hand, and Kevin shook it warmly.

"I'm Kevin."

"Diana's new pet?"

"What the fuck, dude?"

"You're not?"

"I'm her new boyfriend."

"I see," Colin had a smirk from ear to ear, and Kevin thought he should give the Krav Maga shtick another spin.

"I'm no one's pet."

"Sure."

With that awkward experience over, he stood above the urinal and released a strong jet. To his surprise, a tall girl entered the little boys' room. He thought she was stoned or confused and would figure out where she was in a minute, but she walked to the urinal next to him and lifted her dress as if it was the most natural thing in the world. She had caramel skin and exotic Middle Eastern features. Her cock reminded him of a donkey he saw once. As she released a fountain, she kept looking at him and his little spear, all the time wearing a condescending smile. His balls shrunk and his jet slowed to a trickle.

These girls, whether on purpose or by indifference were emasculating.

Was he really a pet?

He and Diana spent every night the way she dictated. In bed, they only did what made her happy. She never went down on him or let him take control. The only time he could bust a nut was during prostate massaging courtesy of Big Bird. Diana even had the annoying habit of patting his head and encouraging with calls of 'Good Boy.'

"Fuck, I am a pet", he thought. "All I'm missing is a collar because I'm Diana's little bitch."

"Be a dear," the Middle Eastern girl said in a sultry voice and nodded towards her cock. "Can you hold it for me for a second? I wanna light a cig."

Kevin ran, not bothering to zip his pants. Her laughter followed him all the way to the door.

--------------

"So, what do you think?" Diana couldn't help the triumphant smile from ear to ear.

Katherine, a slightly plump black girl with a blonde afro, nodded her head. "Bitch, you've outdone yourself! I'm so envious of you right now that I'm seriously considering killing you. Where the hell did you find him?"

Diana laughed. She wasn't going to answer anyway. Why ruin her victory by revealing that Kevin was forced into their relationship?

"Does he have a brother?"

Diana laughed again, this time masking embarrassment. She suddenly realized that she'd been living with Kevin for the last three weeks and knew practically nothing about him. She didn't know whether he had any siblings, where he came from, or even what he was studying.

"Yeah, he's a looker," from her other side Camille, a voluptuous brunette patted her own boyfriend's head. "I learned long time ago to steer clear of boys who look that good."

Diana gave Camille's boyfriend a short scan. "Explains a lot." She said, and everyone around the table laughed.

"Fuck off," Camille said.

"Just for the record, Ben," Diana leaned and kissed the boyfriend's lips. "I think you're gorgeous. But she was a bitch, and I had to put her down, so I did it through you."

The tall nerdish guy smiled at her. "You're a princess, Diana."

"I know. Why is it so hard for you once, just once, Camille, to be happy for me and to admit that I totally nailed it? Have you ever seen anything so gorgeous in your entire life?"

"He's not my cup of tea."

"You'd sell your left nut for a sip from my purple eyed cup!" Diana snorted a line of white powder from the table in front of her and washed it down with a shot of vodka. "If Kevin asked you to go for a ride, you'd be all over him like a fly on honey."

"Well of course."

"Thank you," Diana's triumphant smile returned. "Was that so hard?"

"I'm just saying that he's not my cup of tea for the long run. Guys who look as good as Kevin are shit in the sack. They think you should be grateful or something and they just lay there frigid. Trust me, been there, bought the fucking T-Shirt. Give me an ugly duckling any day of the week."

"Thanks," Ben said, and everyone around the table laughed except Diana.

"Care for a bet?" The redheaded futa said.

"What kind of a bet?"

"Ben against Kevin, see who can make you and me bust a nut faster."

"Fuck you, we've already done it three times today," Camille patted Ben's buns. The tall boy gave her a warm smile. "Of course, I'll lose."

"We'll switch mouths," Diana said.

"What?"

"Ben will do me, and Kevin will do you. The first one who can't hold it loses."

"Are you serious?"

"Are you chickening out, Camille?"

"Fuck no, it's a win-win for me. What are we betting for?"

"If I win, you'll let me in the Wang offices' back room, the one where your company keeps all the stuff from the fashion shows. And I get a free pick of five items."

"Fuck, Diana, last time I did something like that they almost caught me. I can lose my job!"

"If you win you'll get a night with Kevin."

"Done!" Camille said without thinking, making everyone around the table laugh. Ben just smiled, but his smile was forced. "Where is your new toy anyway?"

Kevin chose that moment to jump on the couch that Diana was sitting on. "Yellow everyone," he beamed. "I'm Kevin, the new toy. You I already know. Sarah, right?" He shook Sarah's hand across the table. "You got your second diving star a month ago in our school? You, I don't know," he shook Ben's hand, "You I don't even want to know." He said to Camille and winked to show her it was all in good humor. "What's the score?"

"Isn't he super cute?" Diana pulled him in for a deep, long kiss. "Why are you so flushed?"

"I just had a narrow escape. There's a giant penis after me," Kevin said.

"What?"

"Seriously, in the bathroom. Huge! I wanted to take a picture, but my smartphone's lens wasn't big enough."

"What?"

"That dick was so big it had its own dick, and even that dick was bigger than my dick! She was holding it with both hands!"

"Who?"

"Dunno her name. Exotic looking girl. Middle Eastern, very pretty."

"Nadine, AKA Mrs. Horse," Sarah laughed. "Got to be."

"Yeah." Diana didn't smile. "Pretty, you say?"

"Give the kid a break," Camille offered Kevin a shot of vodka.

"Thanks," he downed the shot in one go, pulled out his smartphone and pretended to dial. "Is this the police? I would like to report underage alcohol consumption served by, sorry didn't catch her name. She's got a pretty smile, and she just called me a toy."

"You're not 21 yet?" Camille laughed.

"In two weeks."

"You've started snatching them from the crib, Di."

"You think Camille got a pretty smile?" Diana squinted her eyes.

"Police, while you're here arresting Camille, please take my jealous girlfriend too. Apparently, I cannot look at other girls anymore. Thank you."

Diana pulled him in for another kiss. There was something in her mouth, a pill, and her tongue shoveled it into his mouth. He tried to pull away, but a hand at the back of his neck prevented him from doing so. He allowed her tongue to wrestle his and waited patiently for her air to run out. She was ten times stronger, but she couldn't compete against him when it came to lung capacity.

She pulled back, flustered, and Kevin spat the pill into his palm.

"Aw, don't be a baby! It's a love pill. It'll make our lovemaking much more intense."

"I know what ecstasy is, Diana."

"So?"

"First, I know it doesn't mix well with Alcohol. And second, I dunno. I haven't decided yet on these sorts of things."

"So, decide already."

"Don't push, girlfriend. I'll send you a memo once I figure out if I want to."

"Awuu, woof, woof!" Sarah catcalled. "Junior has a personality and some balls. I like him."

"So, Kevin," Camille said. "Diana claims you can suck cock better than Monika Lewinsky."

Kevin choked on his shot and sprayed the table. He was glad about the club's darkness because his cheeks were on fire. Camille slapped his back a couple of times.

"I don't like your friends anymore, Diana. We need to find you new ones," he said.

"Awe, don't be like that," Camille said. "We have a bet to settle, Diana and me. She thinks you can blow me dry long before Ben does her. So, we've made a bet."

"Seriously, Diana, where did you find these guys? Socially Awkward and Inappropriate dot com?" He smiled at his girlfriend who didn't smile back. "What? Don't take it in a bad way, Camille, but you got to work on your humor."

"She's not kidding," Diana said.

"Haha, super funny. It's..." He noticed that every eye around the table was on him. The friendly vibe he felt earlier changed into something else. Sarah looked at him and wetted her upper lip. A black girl with a blonde afro he wasn't introduced to, who had her arm around Sarah, gave him a look that made him feel like a juicy steak on a plate.

Camille laid back, opened her thighs, and unclasped her belt. Ben moved over to Diana's seat and placed his hand on her crotch. His girlfriend, instead of slapping the cheeky bastard, leaned back on the couch to allow him easier access.

"You're not kidding. You've really made a bet about...? Wait, wait, stop," he said.

"What, sugar? You know, I can't believe I'm saying this, but up close you really are the hottest thing I've ever met." Camille smiled at him and opened a button on her jeans.

"I'll tell you what, I have a better idea of a bet." Kevin stood up. "Diana, you can blow Camille, and she can blow you, and I'm betting anyone who's not cool with that can just blow me." He flipped everyone the bird.

"Aww, come on, Kevin. Be a sport," Camille smiled.

"Hey, he's young and green," Diana forced a smile, "And was raised in Hillbilly Shitsville. So, you all just need to cut him some slack."

Ben smiled at Kevin. "I was just like you, once."

"Sane?" Kevin said.

"That's enough funny shit coming out of your mouth for one day," Diana rose. "You'll have to excuse us for a few minutes. I've got to have a little talk with my boyfriend."

She grabbed her boyfriend by the hand, and Kevin felt like a five-year-old being dragged away for punishment. He didn't mind because at least he was getting away from these people. Diana hauled him downstairs through the back door to a secluded studio that had a sign saying 'management' but looked more like a storage room.

"Are you done embarrassing me in front of my friends?" She said.

"Are you insane?" He saw in her eyes something that he'd never seen there before, and it made him take several steps back. "And I wasn't raised in Hillbilly Shitsville. Where I grew up, we don't call black people niggers, and we don't call Jews kikes. And if anyone doesn't ever show up to church on Sunday, nobody makes a fuss."

"How modern..."

"And we don't do orgies in public, either."

"You go up right now, and you apologize to everyone for being a dick. Then you blow that futa so hard that her balls are going to come out of her slit."

"Are you in..." He saw her raise a fist and stopped in mid-word. "Why are you doing this?"

"What's the fucking big deal? There's not a single person around that table who hasn't sucked cock."

"I mean why are you ruining everything?"

"Ruining what?"

"You were so sweet a few moments ago. When we danced, I felt like I was really your boyfriend and not some cock-sucking accessory pet."

"That's how I make you feel?"

"I feel sick right now, and I want to go home, Diana."

"Okay," she said.

"Okay?"

"Yeah, let's go, Kevin."

"Okay."

"Remember you said you wanted to go to sleep over in a friend's house this weekend? You said you had to study for some big test next week? Remember I said yes, that you could go? Remember I said that I'd be devastated but this is your future and your future is important to me?"

"Oh, for fuck's sake, Diana!"

"You're staying home this weekend, and we're going out every night." She growled.

"I can't afford to flunk any courses!"

"Too bad. Maybe you'll pass. You're so smart after all."

"How is it even possible?"

"What?"

"You said you love me. How come you want me to," Kevin swallowed, "to have sex with another person?"

"It's just a blowjob. It means nothing."

"So if it means nothing, then why do it?"

"It's important." She took his hands. "Don't you get it? I hate that condescending bitch! She works as a personal assistant for one of the hot shots in the Vera Wang offices. She always rubs it in my face."

"So she's a secretary for some guy who thinks it matters if the belt color is sunset peach or just fucking orange. What's there to rub?"

Diana gave him a murderous stare and Kevin remembered she worked behind the counter at a clothes store.

"Diana, I can't. This is too humiliating."

She kissed him deeply. "You can, and you'll do it for me."

--------------

Sometimes the hardest thing can be as simple as clicking a 'send' button. Helen stared at the desktop's screen for a very long time. Her hand hovered over the mouse, but she didn't click. She went back to the kitchen, drank a glass of cold water and sat down in front of her desktop again.

The site's name was unimaginative. 'Match.' However, it had good reviews, and it promised it could find a lid for every pot. She read her profile description for the hundredth time. She only wiped it entirely and rewrote it four times.

On the first attempt, she sounded too needy. She didn't want people to think she's desperate. On the second she talked about her injury. Why jinx it? She took several photos of herself then decided that the eyepatch and the scar were deal breakers. She took a profile picture from her non-damaged side. The result reminded her of the beauty she lost. She uploaded it, but it felt like cheating. So, she deleted every photo. She went for the middle ground and uploaded a picture, in which her wild golden hair covered her left side and concealed most of the scar and the eyepatch.

On the third attempt, she focused too much on her career and her phenomenal success as a businesswoman. Some men were intimidated by strong women, and anyway, she ached for a soulmate with whom she could share her softer side. She wiped out that profile too.

Helen surfed over the prospective profiles. She refined the search to people who included her gender among their 'looking for' options. There weren't too many of them, but enough to make the search exciting.

"I only need one, anyway."

One profile especially caught her eye.

His name was Dennis, and he was thirty years old, a year older than she was. She liked the way he took the time to work on his profile instead of writing some generic flesh-market description. She also loved his blonde locks and his slim body. They reminded her too much of Kevin which she told herself was a turn-off. Her self didn't buy into it. It was his resemblance to Kevin that drew her in the first place.

"I bet you're nothing like Kevin," she said to the photo. "You're sensitive and delicate. You'll never call me 'ugly.' You'll see the real me, and I will know the real you. The rest won't matter. You'll look at my scars, and you'll see perfect skin."

"But what if you're a dick and you break my broken heart?"

She lowered her head to her hands and sighed. Her eyes caught the wastepaper basket and the shorts that she hid there. Helen had built her walls so high over the years that she never considered the possibility of a breach. However, Kevin presence in her house did the unthinkable. Maybe she was envious of Diana and the weird thing she had with Kevin. Maybe it was just her body waking up after a long winter sleep in the spring radiance of a beautiful man-boy's presence. She didn't know. Kevin popped the bubble she had so carefully constructed around herself, and it made going on as before impossible.

Masturbating over a pair of someone's shorts; that was a new low for her.

Every journey starts with a single step or just a click of a button.

She verified her profile and sat down to write Dennis a message. She only needed seven drafts to hit the balance between fun, seductive, not too intelligent, not too dumb, not too needy, not too cold, not too enthusiastic, and not too indifferent.

She kissed Dennis' image on the screen twice and clicked the 'send' button. Nothing happened, and she pressed refresh twice, to see if there was a response. Laughing at her silliness she jumped and whirled like a ballerina on one leg. Giddy with her new-found courage.

She took Kevin's shorts from the wastepaper basket before washing them. She then waited for it to dry in the dryer, passing her time by clicking refresh on the matching site. There was already a new message in her inbox. A creep had sent her a dick pic, and a shot of his butt. He added an enticing note. "Do you want me?"

"Sure."

She blocked the creep, went back to the dryer and took Kevin's shorts back to Diana's room. She folded them neatly, placed them at the bottom of the pile, and swore she'd never do anything so degrading again.

When she turned to go, something familiar winked at her from the corner of her eye. At the edge of Diana's double bed, was Kevin's tiny worktable. His ancient laptop sat there alongside his Computer Science textbooks and notebooks. Among them, open, its darkest secrets obscenely exposed, was the box and the letters from the back room.

--------------

Kevin knelt on the floor between Camille's legs. Looking up, the brunette gave him a warm smile. She was soft angles all over, in contrast to his beautiful girlfriend. Her mouth was too big, but he liked her smile, which is to say he would if she hadn't told him he had to pleasure her in front of a crowd. He was sure that any minute now the entire club was going to come over for the free show.

To his right, Ben was already deep into head-bobbing. He slurped and made obscene noises as his thin lips travelled the length of Diana's cock. His enthusiasm wasn't faked. He wasn't doing it for the sake of the bet; he was enjoying himself. He licked Diana's balls and vacuumed one into his mouth. Kevin's girlfriend moaned. If he was going to have any chance of winning this contest and saving his CPU-Architecture exam, then he had to start.

"Eye contact", he thought. Diana said to keep eye contact. Okay, stop thinking and do it already. This is just a game. A dream. There is no one here.

Camille's cock was at his eye level. Carefully, he began kissing her balls. The brunette groaned loudly and squeezed on the arm of the sofa. Kevin's lips pressed into her scrotum. Her big, smooth balls moved against his silky lips. He looked up and smiled at her. Camille was surprised at first but then laughed.

Slowly, he kissed up the length of the shaft, inching his soft, full lips just a tiny bit every time. Camille trembled at the tingling sensation Kevin gave her. Eventually, his lips climbed up the uncut head. A drop of crystal seed formed there, and Kevin lapped at it. He pulled back, and a delicate string of pearly drops connected from his chin to her bulging cock. 



"Fuck me!" Sarah said. "Fuck me if I've ever seen anything that's half as hot."

Kevin was slow, soft wind compared to the tornado that was Ben beside him. The effect he had on Camille, though, proved that sometimes a light breeze could blow stronger.

"Shit Diana, you said you popped your boyfriend's oral cherry just three weeks ago," Camille laughed. "I really thought he had no chance. Ohhhhhh," she moaned, "not so sure now. How are we doing over there, Ben?"

"Mwmiuuu," Ben said with a mouth full and everyone laughed.

"You'll have to go faster, baby."

Kevin looked at Camille, licked his lips and stuck out his tongue. Its firm wetness teased Camille's cock and she groaned. He then slid his tongue along the length of her cock, and caressed the vein at the base. Diana made him suck her like this a week ago. He made her pop just by licking the vein, without ever taking her into his mouth. His tongue pressed hard, and he massaged the wet skin. Camille's glistening skin folded and stretched under his tongue as she clawed into the arm of the sofa.

What did Diana say? That half the sex happens in the head?

"Wow!" Kevin said. "Your cock tastes amazing, Camille! I didn't know a cock could taste that good."

"You," she gulped, "you're... you're welcome to come anytime and taste it. Ben? Hurry or... or...!"

In one rapid movement, Kevin's head dove to the head. Camille's cock slipped between his lips into a warm, velvety mouth. He placed his hand on the base of her spear, took a deep breath, and free dived. In a second his lips touched his fingers holding her cock, and the big spongy head snuggled against the back of his throat.

I have an enormous pill the doctor gave me, and I need to swallow it, or I'll die.

He swallowed. Camille was a touch shorter than Diana, but she had the same impressive girth. Kevin closed his eyes.

Diana wasn't available to instruct him, so he sang the tune in his head. Swallow, swallow, swallow.

If free diving taught him anything, it showed him that his body can achieve anything. Relax and make the impossible possible.

Swallow, swallow, swallow.

He thought of the big blue deep. Of jellyfishes dancing to music only they could hear.

Swallow, swallow, swallow.

When you dive in the dark of night, and you move your hands in front of your eyes, the plankton around you starts blinking like little stars.

Swallow, swallow, swallow.

Before he even knew it, the spongy head was past the bend in his throat. He removed his hand from the cock and dived.

He let Camille's cock stay lodged deep in his throat while he expanded and contracted around the hot flesh. He stuck his tongue out slightly, driving the cock deeper into his throat and rubbing his tongue against her scrotum. He hummed as he did it, sending incredible vibrations along the length.

"Pull him up," someone said. "He'll choke himself."

Someone placed a hand on his shoulder, but Kevin slapped it away.

"The boy is a natural," someone said.

"But he needs to breathe."

"Maybe he has gills?"

He wanted more. Kevin swallowed. This time, however, Camille's cock was lodged deep in the contracting muscles. The moan that escaped her lips told him that he just discovered, by chance, a new technique. He swallowed again. Then again. Each time he did, Camilla's sighs trembled and moved under him.

"No. No! Wait!" She huffed.

Kevin smiled inside his head and swallowed twice.

"Oh, fuck, oh fuck, oh, fuck! Ben... Ben... Stop, Kevin, stop. Stop, stop, stop!"

Maybe he was a toy and Diana had full control of him. But right now, he was the puppeteer. He could make her moan, he could make her squirm.

He could feel the cock lodged in his throat bloating like a puffer fish, so he swallowed again and again; pushing against the warm flesh of her love pole.

"Wait, no, wait." Camille panted like a woman giving birth.

Kevin pushed down further. His lips were almost touching the scrotum, his throat contracting, massaging Camille's cock in a pressure-sleeve, sending her an overload of sensation that she couldn't fight. Kevin pressed his tongue forward; it was squashed between his lips and her now close-to-boiling flesh. He caressed her sack with the tip and massaged it, coaxing the sperm, inviting it to flow.

Camille couldn't hold it anymore. She grabbed his head and screamed her orgasm as she squirted time and time again inside his gullet.

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!"

At last, when her spasms subsided to heavy breathing he pulled up slowly, almost lazily. Her cock plopped out of his mouth. He grabbed it, then gave it a pecking kiss on the tip.

Everyone stared at him in silence, including Ben who stopped slurping on Diana's cock. His girlfriend's cock wasn't even hard.

"Wow." Camille huffed then started laughing. "Hands down the best blowjob ever. I've never..." She stood on legs that weren't so steady and grabbed Kevin's hand. "I'll be going home now, taking this heavenly angel with me. How much do you want for him, Diana? A million? A billion? I don't care; I'll rob a bank, I'll rob a country! I'll get the money."

Diana's dark eyes were half closed, and she stared at him intensely. He expected her to be pleased, but instead saw storm clouds brewing.

--------------

"Are you mad at me?" Kevin walked a step behind Diana. He recognized the signs of an incoming storm and hoped he would somehow be able to avoid it instead of having to ride it. "Diana?"

Her jaw was clenched, and she didn't answer. Her high heels stamped on the asphalt a little too stiffly.

"Diana, I did what you asked me to. I've humiliated myself in front of ten strangers. We won. What did I do wrong now?"

"Shuddup!"

"You gotta talk to me. This passive-aggressive shit ain't working for me. Not to mention it scares the shit out of me."

She turned and placed her finger under his nose. Her lip trembled. "You..." she choked.

He was tired, and he had two vodka shots inside his tiny body. He almost told Diana to go fuck herself then remembered she had if someone had hooked her to an IV of vodka and scotch, she would have had less alcohol in her blood right now.

"I'm driving," he said. "Give me the keys."

"You're not going home with her!" Diana roared at him out of the blue. Her scream was so sudden and loud that another couple in the parking lot froze and stared at them.

"What? Going home with who?"

"You think I'm stupid, huh?"

"Diana, you scare me. Stop it."

She pushed him until his back bumped against their car. "That bitch is so smug. You think I didn't notice?"

"You mean Camille? Noticed what?"

She poked his chest hard. "You and her. Thick as thieves after you gave her the best blowjob, hands down," she imitated Camille's high nasally voice. "You're not going home with her!"

"What are you talking about? She was just joking about buying me and taking me home. It was a joke. And you told me to give her the best blow ever, or you'll make sure I'd fail my exam!"

She poked his chest forcefully again. "You're mine! Ain't not uppity bitch taking you from me! Talking with her behind my back. You think I'm stupid?" her voice rose again.

"I think you take too much chemicals, Diana. That shit makes some people paranoid."

"You said you've never tasted a cock like hers." Her voice was low, but it implied volumes of violence.

"That was just psychology like you taught me. You said sex is all in the head."

Diana grabbed him and spun him around, slamming him against the car's hood.

"Wait, Diana I-"

She pulled his pants down brutally, and he felt her massive cock push against his hole.

"Wait Diana we need lube," he spat into his hand and frantically rubbed her iron hard cock. The head bumped against his starfish but didn't penetrate. Diana snarled her frustration.

"Diana, wait, we need lube, we need- argh!" he screamed. Diana ground her tiny tits into her boyfriend's sweating back and with a solid flex of her hips lanced her cock into his ass. She straightened her legs, forcing her cock inch by inch into his resisting entrance. When his cheeks rested against her hips, Diana stood up and lifted him off the floor. "Just like that," she whispered, drinking in the moment of penetration. "You're mine, Kevin. You're never going home with that bitch. Never, never, never." With each never she gave a brutal thrust, causing Kevin to whimper. She pulled his lithe body up and lifted him spreading his thighs. Her cock went out of his tiny hole with an obscene pop. She pulled him back down but was so drunk that she missed by a mile, and Kevin fell hard. He was sober enough to stop the fall with his hands.

She was on him, in a second, a raging lioness. They scuffled a little, but he soon realized that he'd fare better if she has her way. He rolled on his stomach and stood on all-fours, face down, ass in the air presenting her the prize. Diana took hold of her boy and plunged deep into his incredible ass. The warmth and tightness made her head swim with pleasure as she raised herself on one foot, forcing herself deeper into her helpless boyfriend. She dug her fingers into his waist and pulled him back to meet her powerful thrusts.

"You've ruined me, Kevin. You've ruined me. I was in Ben's wonderful mouth, and he is a top-notch cock sucker, and I couldn't even get it up."

She flexed and ground into his tiny cheeks. Her fingers almost puncturing his soft skin. "You," she pushed hard filling his ass with the first rope of seed. "Are." She pushed harder. "Mine!" She shouted and thrust viciously.

Spent, she pulled out and rested her back against the car's rear tire. Then, to Kevin's numbed surprise, she started sobbing. She cried like a wounded animal or like a toddler whose mother was taken away. Heart-breaking, loud, uncontrolled sobs. She only stopped once to puke.

"Jesus, what have I gotten myself into?" he thought.

--------------

A night of firsts, Kevin thought.

First time in a dance club. First time being called hot by a man. First time deepthroating. First time sucking cock in public. And now, first time holding a girl's hair as she puked her guts out.

"Couldn't have waited ten seconds, could you?" He shook his head as Diana painted the penthouse's stairwell with the contents of her stomach. "The bathroom is just a turn of a key away."

Diana rested against the wall beside their front door. The typically rosy hue of her skin was sickly pale, and she heaved with every few breaths. Kevin unlocked the door and sighed.

As he entered, he saw Helen's tall silhouette standing stiffly in the dark living room. Strange! She was staring at the blinking city lights. A human statue. He figured he could ask her to help him put the sad pile that was her sister into bed. He could do it on his own, but he thought it might be an opportunity to break the nasty waltz that he and Helen the ice queen danced. It was high time that he and Helen stopped treating each other as enemies. If he was going to share an apartment for a year, then it's better if they'll at least be civil.

"Hi," he started. "Diana. She's in the hallway-" he stopped.

Helen turned slowly. "Who gave you permission?" She took a deep breath. Her face was shadowed, but Kevin could see that her cheeks were wet with the tears streaming down her face. "Who gave you fucking permission?" Her voice was low, and every syllable was laced with hurt.

"Permission? I didn't do anything to your sister. She did it all to herself. Diana drank so much, I-"

"Who gave you permission to touch my stuff?" She said slowly.

"What?"

Helen moved from the shadows. In the cold light of the entrance fluorescence, he saw the look on her face and took two steps back. She was cold fury. A Valkyrie, a mythical northern beauty which chooses who lives forever and who dies.

"Who gave you permission to touch my private stuff?"

"Helen, you know what? I'm fucking tired, and I've had it up to here," he placed his open palm at his eye level, "with girls like you treating me like I'm a piece of shit."

"But you are a piece of shit, Kevin."

He flipped her two birds, one in each fist.

She snarled, and he backed another step. Then he composed himself and stood, left fist ready to punch, right hand protecting his face. "I know Krav Maga," he said. "And I ain't afraid of you."

"You're fucking pathetic, Kevin."

"Stay back, I can-."

Helen moved forward, she didn't mean to hit him, but in Kevin's mind, the tall girl with the single blazing eye was about to end his life. He kicked her stomach with the flat of his shoe. Next thing he remembered was flying through the living-room's air. Her punch was so swift and so precise that it stole the oxygen from his lungs.

Helen picked him up by his shirt. "Who gave you fucking permission to read my letters," she said quietly.

"What letters?"

"These letters." She pushed the letters from the red box in his face.

"They're not yours," he stammered.

"Really?"

"They... They belong to Andy. They're Andy's letters."

"Andy is dead." Her lower lip trembled.

He was more confused than frightened now. Her face was the same level as his and he saw now that what he had mistaken for fury was a bottomless well of hurt and shame. "How? How did he...?" he started. "Then...Then the letters belong to a girl named Valkyrie."

She nodded. "Don't you ever talk to me again, Kevin. Don't you ever look at me! Don't you ever go near me! And don't you ever, ever, touch my private stuff again!" She dropped him to the floor, turned around and stormed back to her room.

Kevin sat on the floor for a long time after she left, staring at the now empty hallway.

"What was that all about?" Diana was leaning on the doorway, but other than that she looked nothing like she did five minutes ago. Her rosy cheek color was almost back.

"Fuck if I know," Kevin said. "It's about the letters I told you about."

"The Andy letters?"

"Yeah, written by someone called Valkyrie. Apparently, Andy...never mind. It's complicated, and I feel like I've done something terrible. Let's just go to bed."

Diana snorted. "Valkyrie wrote them?"

"Do you know her?"

"Of course I do! It's on Helen's nightstand. A picture of her platoon, each marine with their nickname written underneath. There's Thrombo Lance, Ryan Gonorrhoea, King Boo, Short Lance, and Valkyrie."

"Valkyrie served with Helen? Did she die in battle or something?"

"No, you fucking bozo! Valkyrie is Helen."

"What? Why? What? Valkyrie is Helen? What?"

"How much did you drink, Baby Butt?"

"Jesus." Kevin mashed his head into his hands. "Jesus, Diana I did something horrible."

"You? You don't have a single mean bone in your body."

--------------

To be continued...

Family Issues Ch. 03
byallthatisfuta©

First things first, I need to thank Madison (ThanatopicFolds). Your keen eye, your love for the written word, plus your generousness, were what this story dearly needed. I really hope you'll have a good trip, in whichever road you choose to take, mate.

Family Issues - chapter 3

$$$$$$$$$$$$

The penthouse's door whined as Kevin pushed it, and he cringed. He made a mental note to buy oil and fix the issue tomorrow. He checked the hallway. The coast was clear. The light was on in Helen's bedroom, but the door was, as always, locked. Thank God for small favors. She was probably zombifying in front of the TV, or with her nose in a book, or working. Inmates in solitary confinement had a more exciting social life than Helen. Now he thought he knew at least part of the reason behind it.

Having been the smallest kid in class, Kevin knew a thing or twenty about insecurity and bullying. He had more than a few scars on his soul to show. A friendly game of dodge ball, or worse, red rover, in the sixth grade, was the stuff of nightmares. Red rubber balls getting chucked violently at the head of the kid perceived as the weakest.

But the bullying that a girl like Helen had to suffer made his hardships seem like a walk in the park. A Teletubbies park. Some people, mainly self-centered people like Diana, seemed to be less vulnerable. Others, like Helen, might go into hiding. To think that he was another face in the line of cruel assholes she met along the way was unbearable.

"Am I a bad person?"

He used to think not. He never hurt anybody on purpose, and he never stood indifferent when he witnessed cruelty.

"I'm not a bad person. But isn't this what everyone, horrible people included, think of themselves? I'm willing to bet that if you could look inside Hitler's or Stalin's head it would be like, 'I'm a swell egg, and everybody likes me.'"

Kevin paused by Helen's door, his fist hovering near the rich wood. To knock, or not to knock; that is the question. He stood there quietly for almost ten minutes before he left and tiptoed to the shower.

Like everything in this house, the shower was super-modern and full of gadgets. It had a voice recognition utility that adjusted the water temperature according to the preferences of the person taking a shower. As he soaped he closed his eyes, letting the water wash away his fears. He feared for his dad and his brittle heart that already failed him once. He feared that he might disappoint him. He feared that he somehow flunked the exam he took this morning. He feared Diana when she drank too much. He feared that what was broken between himself and Helen couldn't be repaired. It seemed these days the world was always breathing down his neck.

At least the shower was great. He reflected on his rotten apartment downstairs. You'd have to wait, shivering, for three minutes to get a lukewarm stream that had the flow of an eighty-year old with bladder issues.

In Helen and Diana Brion's kingdom, desperation was still desperation, but at least it was a convenient desperation.

Now all he had to do was slip into Diana's bed without waking her up, and since Diana could sleep through a circus parade, it wasn't farfetched.

To his frustration, the little sister was lying naked on the bed and waiting for him. The innocent smile that lit her face when she saw him almost made him forgive her the hardships that she made him go through. Diana could be loving and sweet at times. At others... God have mercy. The dissonance was mind-boggling for Kevin. He wasn't used to people with such radical fluctuations.

"Hey," she whispered, stretching the 'ey' and reaching out with her long arms. "Finally! I've been waiting forever."

"For me?"

"Haha, very funny. Come here, baby, I've missed you so much," her eyes became round, and there were genuine tears there. She hugged him tightly against her tiny bosom and kissed his head repeatedly. "I thought you'd run off or something and would never come back."

"I was just gone for the weekend, Diana."

"Weekend and today," she said. "Three days. I nearly died."

"Good God almighty, please tell me it wasn't so."

"Asshole! You said you'd be here three hours ago."

"My dad asked me to stay for dinner, so I missed the last train. I had to hitchhike, but I did send you a WhatsApp."

"Hitchhiking is dangerous, baby. You're not allowed to hitchhike anymore." She licked his ear and nibbled his neck. "I was worried sick. Come here." She pulled him to the bed and for a time was content with kissing his lips. He kissed her back because her gushing felt nice. "Next time, tell your dad that your girlfriend is not okay with you staying for dinner."

"I haven't seen him in ages, Diana."

"Girlfriends come before parents."

"It's the opposite, actually."

"Before parents, girlfriends come?"

"Try again."

"It's an easy rule to remember. Girlfriends come before anything else. Next time this girlfriend will be angry." She kissed his nose. "How was the exam?"

"Aced it."

"Who's mommy's little genius?"

"I almost fucked up." He pulled away from her lips. "I couldn't stop thinking about what I did to Helen."

"Are you still on about the stupid letters? Jesus! She probably forgot already."

"Not very likely."

"Fuck her, then. All you did was read a bunch of stupid letters."

Kevin sighed. Diana's empathy mechanism placed inside a clock would make it go backward in time. It didn't stop him from trying. "Sweetie, let's say that you've written a diary with all your shameful secrets, deepest fears, and hopes. Let's say that someone that you do not like, finds that diary and instead of returning it to you, reads it. How pissed would you be on a scale of one to very fucking much?"

"You just called me sweetie?" She kissed between his eyes. "That's a first."

Kevin sighed again. "Sure, let's just sleep."

"Nuh-uh! You've made your sweetie go on a Baby-Butt diet for three days. Your sweetie pie turned itsy bitsy sour." When horny, Diana sometimes used a spoilt five-year-old princess' voice. It made Kevin seriously consider shoving a pencil in his ear.

"I'm tired, Diana."

"Let's see you apply the 'girlfriend before everything else' rule. Tired on the one hand, girlfriend on the other. Which cums first?"

"Okay, but a quick one. Okay?"

Diana gave a happy sigh, lay on her back and placed both hands behind her head.

"Seriously, sheik Diana Brion?" he said.

"What? I let you off for the entire weekend to study for that stupid accounting exam, don't I get a treat?"

"First, I'm studying for a Computer Science degree, not accounting."

"Like, in computers and all that shit?"

"Mainly the shit," Kevin pulled his T-shirt off. "Second, you made me blow Camille in front of your friends before you let me go study. Third, I always give you treats."

"What's your point?"

"No point. I see piles of dirty and clean laundry on the floor again."

"And that's my fault? Where were you, Kevin?"

"Diana, you're the laziest person I know."

"Not my fault. I had a lazy eye when I was a kid."

"What's that got to do with it?"

"It wasn't treated on time, and it spread to the rest of my body." She clapped. "Now, chop, chop."

Kevin started unfastening his belt, but she raised her hand to stop him. "When I said chop, chop, I meant slow, slow."

"Should I put a stripper playlist on my smartphone?"

She smiled at him dreamily. "Not a bad idea."

Kevin shook his head and kicked off his pants, sneakers, and shorts.

"I said slowly."

"Want me to put them back on?"

"Do you seriously want to make me mad? You're so lucky that you're so beautiful. That's the only reason why I put up with all your shit."

"I feel lucky." He said, then parted his lips and took her stiff cock in his mouth. It was inconceivable three weeks ago, and now it was as natural as drinking. He pulled up, dragging his soft lips around her hot flesh, making wet sucking sounds. Next, he licked the spongy head like a pro and started kissing along its length. He caught some skin gently between his teeth and pulled. Diana's cock heaved, and a drop of pre-cum materialized at the tip.

Diana moaned. "I missed that pretty mouth."

His tongue snaked on the underside of her cock, painting wet trails from the tip to the base.

"Yesss," Diana said. "That's so good, Baby." Her hand went to his head, and patted his blonde spikes. "You're such a good boy."

Kevin lifted his head. "Can you overcome the urge to call me a 'good boy'? It's kind of demeaning."

"That's stupid. How would you know then when you're a good boy? Okay, giddy up."

He arched an eyebrow. "Don't you want me to...?"

"I want everything. I want to cum in your mouth, throat, and bum. But I can't, can I? I have to choose, don't I?"

"Poor you. Life is so unfair. Where's the lube?"

Diana spat in her hand and rubbed her tip. "Au naturel."

"Seriously?"

"Giddy up!"

He jumped on the bed and squatted, lowering himself slowly. There was no fear. There would be no pain too, except Diana was big, both in length and girth, and he was tiny. It was never easy.

The head of her cock touched his opening, and he shuddered. Then he let gravity just do her thing and lowered himself slowly. The firm ring of his anus fought the invader, trying to keep it out. "Can you thrust a little, Diana?"

"Sure, I can."

"I wasn't asking out of curiosity."

She just smiled and licked her lips, not moving an inch.

"Okay." He squatted lower. The head of her cock slipped several times and didn't enter. Then he found a spot where her cock could snuggle against his starfish, and he lowered himself. The spongy head popped through his tight opening with surprising ease. The feeling wasn't alien as it was two weeks ago, but still novel. That moment the bulbous head wiggled and squeezed past the tight ring and blossomed in his tight ass was always a little surprising.

"Ahh," he made a sound that was more feminine than he intended to.

"I told you you'd learn to like it, baby."

"I still don't like it, Diana."

"Then why are you rock hard, baby?"

He didn't have to look down for verification. His cock was on fire. However, Kevin hated the way she so effortlessly manipulated his body, and so said nothing.

"Ride me, baby."

Her cock split his cheeks, spreading them as he lowered himself more and fed her shaft into his anus. This position was more comfortable because he controlled the velocity. When Diana was at the steering wheel, she would sometimes skewer him like a roasted pig, simply on a whim. He lowered himself further until his toned buttocks rested on her pelvis. His sphincter muscles gripped her tightly. His ass muscles quivered, trying to expel the intruder. The result was constant nibbling on her she-cock.

"Baby," Diana smiled at him dreamily. Her eyes were half closed, her hands still behind her head.

Kevin just sat there for a while. He was trying to get used to the massive tool that was etched so lovingly inside him, scraping his inner walls with each breath.

"Oh yeah," Diana smiled. "Baby," she pinched his nipple. "You're so tight."

Kevin lifted himself on stringy muscles. Going all the way up until just the head was inside of him. He lowered himself carefully, extracting a moan from Diana. His silk walls massaged the large head, and his tunnel fought with her cock. He waited for a few seconds while she was balls deep.

"Good boy," she said. "So good. How do I feel inside you now?"

"Big."

"And?"

Kevin blushed.

"You want to say 'good', don't you? It's okay. It's good, isn't it?"

He shook his head, and Diana laughed.

Kevin started riding her, but Diana placed her hand on his chest. "Slowly. Up and down. Like you're in a slow-motion movie scene."

Straddling her, he lowered himself slowly on his muscular haunches and then pushed up. Her bulbous head was digging into his tunnel, plowing him. The pressure intensified as her cock burrowed into the deepest parts of his rectum. He felt full and on the verge of bursting. The pressure went all the way from deep inside his rectum and into the tip of his cock. It was twitching like mad now, completely drenched in precum that was being milked out by her thick shaft squeezing his prostate.

She watched, eyes half closed, as her girl-cock disappeared slowly into his tiny butt. Gandalf the Grey couldn't conjure a better spell. Diana then caressed her hands down Kevin's body until she reached his anus. Then she gently lifted the skin and burrowed with her index finger until the fingertip entered. Kevin moved uncomfortably, the sensation of the second invader was too much.

"Did I tell you to stop, Baby-Butt?"

He shuddered, and lowered himself. Diana got an intense rush from the sensation of the stretched anal ring and her cock, both scraping her fingertip. Kevin stopped when he reached the bottom. He was trying to cope with the new sensual input. Diana pinched his ass cheek with her free hand. Kevin squealed like a girl and rose. He blew air out from between his lips and rested his palms on her toned tummy.

"Hands behind your back."

Another person might have had difficulties, but Kevin's balance was superior even to most cats. As he rose, she removed her finger and cupped his butt-cheeks, pushing until the head popped out of his tight hole. He yearned to fill the newfound emptiness with her pulsing cock. His hand sought the fleshy rod, but Diana slapped his wrist.

"So eager?"

"No."

"Liar, liar, butt's on fire." She scratched his butthole with her fingertip, then suddenly thrust two fingers inside him.

"Ow!" he cried.

She pushed and twisted, using her arm like a lever, and Kevin could do nothing but fall on his back, with a stupid look decorating his face.

Diana rose on her knees, her fingers still etched deep inside him. She started buggering him, devouring him, feeding her long pianist fingers into his clutching tunnel.

"Oh, where oh where can my baby be?" she sang.

"S... stop," he moaned

"Oh, where oh where can my baby be? Here he is," she said when Kevin jerked. She applied more speed, her fingers making squelching sounds as they moved inside him. Her fingers searched and clawed at the delicate prostate, nipping and scraping. His ass was on fire and his cock harder than titanium.

"Don't like it, eh?"

"I... I..."

Her hand was pistoning in and out now. His body was covered with sweat, and each time she fed her fingers inside him, his back arched on the bed. He was moaning like a porn star. Helpless against the onslaught, he writhed across the bed and his toes curled.

The pace was building to a crescendo. Diana's fingers squished Kevin's insides and scraped his wet tunnel. She suddenly pulled out, parted his thighs and hooked his legs under each arm. Raising them, she flexed and speared him with a single thrust, going all the way until her large balls bounced on his ass.

Kevin exploded. He moaned, and his cock shot strings of milky cum into the air.

"Ah... Ah..." he heaved, each time his balls clenched and squirted more baby juice. "Ah, ah."

Diana pounded him. With each of her thrusts he ejaculated some more cum into the air.

"Don't like it, eh?" Diana scooped some of his milk from his stomach and placed it under his nose. "Your honour, I would like to represent exhibit A. Don't like it?" She pulled and thrust hard.

Kevin whimpered.

Diana pushed the semen dripping finger into his mouth. When he realized what she was doing he tried to push her away, but she cruelly thrust inside him, and his hands grabbed the sheets. She pushed her finger with his milk and his ass juice deep into his mouth, and Kevin wheezed and coughed.

"That's for being a dirty little liar," she said. "Don't like it, eh?" She started mating him using a slow, steady rhythm. The peak of each thrust ended with a snap. Plundering his deepest parts and jerking his lithe body. His hole tightened around her cock with every thrust. His scent made her blood boil with lust.

"Did your Russian girlfriend ever make you moan like that?"

"N... no."

"Who is your lover now?" Thrust.

"Y... you."

"Whose cock can't you live without?" Thrust.

"Y... yours."

"Goddamn right. And don't you ever lie to me again. Say 'fuck me'."

"F... fuck me."

"Goddamn right I will fuck you, you little slut. I'm gonna cum in you so hard, you'll be dripping Diana juice the whole night."

The walls echoed with her grunts and his quiet moans. Every last inch of her cock devoured his rectum with every thrust. She placed her palms on his ass cheeks and savored the clenching and unclenching as her massive cock moved into his rectum. His tight tunnel massaged her cock, causing it to pulse and throb.

She settled into a rhythm, gliding her shaft up into him time and time again, maximizing the pleasure on her swollen tip. She pulled all the way out, making an obscene plop before she skewered him once more, going deep until her balls slapped his ass. The bed creaked under them as she bounced him on her cock. Their bodies became slick with sweat as his ass was conquered.

Kevin moaned again under her body. He writhed, and suddenly his hands went to her buttocks and he pulled her in, deeper.

"Baby, I'm gonna fuck you so hard, I'm gonna make you pregnant."

She fell forward, needing to feel his warm skin on hers, itching for their sweat to mingle. She felt his hot breath on her neck as he moaned. Their bodies were pressed together, damp with sweat as she bred him. He was her bitch, panting and moaning entirely at her mercy. She claimed every inch of his body and wasn't satiated. Kevin was better than vodka, superior to ecstasy.

The thrusts became more intensive. Her flared crown stretched his tunnel as she picked up the pace. She forced him to spread his legs wider. Kevin groaned from the intensity of it. Before he knew it, he ejaculated again. Not as impressive as the first time but it made him clench hard on her cock, and that took her over the top. "I love you, baby," she whispered in his ear as she shot her seed deep inside his ass. She jerked a couple of times and then sighed happily.

Both were breathing heavily. Kevin was exhausted, and Diana was content to simply lay there on top of him. They lay like that, panting, her legs still between his legs and her soft cock inside his ass.

Diana kissed his lips tenderly and licked the tears from his eyes. "You're so beautiful, Kevin, I could just stare at you for days. I don't need anything else. You know, baby, nothing like this ever happened to me."

Kevin closed his eyes, exhausted after a long day.

"I love you, baby," she whispered again and nibbled his neck.

"Okay."

"That's your cue, baby." She whispered and caressed his wet skin. "To say that you love me too."

"I'm tired, Diana. Please, p...pull out," he said because he felt her hardening inside him again.

"No," she started thrusting again. Her cock made squelching sounds as it stirred the mess that she left in his ass a few minutes ago.

Kevin was too tired to argue. He kept his eyes closed and snuggled into her as she slowly mated with him.

--------------------------

Happiness is rare. It's a delicate golden string that shimmers at the corner of your eye. One wrong move, one wrong touch and it can slip through your fingers. Sometimes it's so rare that when it pops to say 'hi', it jumps on you and leaves you wondering what the hell just happened, usually with a silly grin on your face.

Helen wore a silly grin. She read the message that she received from Dennis for the third time.

'Dear Helen.

Let me start by saying that I was very excited to get your lovely message and even more impressed by your profile. I totally agree with what you wrote about the brutality of this place. You say that cynicism and the quest to sound edgier, replaced romance and honesty.

Such comments require the utmost sincerity and consideration, but I feel that you are worth it. See what I did there in the last sentence? I let go of my ego and chose honesty over sounding cool. I'll even ante up and admit that I might have just done a happy dance after seeing your message pop up.

We share a lot of interests. I too like jogging, science fiction books and classical movies. It also appears that we have similar music taste. I believe that you are a strong woman who knows what she wants. A go getter. Right down my alley, as they say.

So I'll keep it simple and just ask, are you free for a casual and a spontaneous dinner?

Sincerely yours

Dennis'

She didn't know how he perceived her strong, go-getter qualities. Not that she didn't agree with the label, except she tried to paint her online dating profile with softer shades. Maybe it's just a testament to Dennis' intellect that he could read her between the lines? He didn't say anything about her looks or the picture with the eyepatch; he saw through that.

For a short time happiness enveloped her like a bubble. Sadly, Marianne, the Bay Area Acquisitions Manager, insisted on bursting it.

"Sign here, here, here, and here," Marianne slid the document towards Helen.

"I need something new to wear," Helen thought. "Something that sends the right message. Sexy, not slutty, emotionally open, but not desperate."

"Earth to Helen."

"Sorry." Helen signed the document without even looking at it. She reread Dennis' message.

"Alakazim, Alakazam," Marianne lifted the paper, painting an exaggerated arc with her hand. She tapped the paper with her free hand, and the document vanished into thin air. "Did I ever tell you that I worked as a magician when I was in uni?"

"More than once."

"If I'm such pain in your ass, Helen, simply convince William to grant our departments' law team a financial power of attorney. This way I won't have to come over to your place after work, every time we have some trivial bullshit that needs signing."

Helen finally lifted her head from the laptop. "Marianne, my mom left me with very little, but she gave me some sound advices. She said, Helen, never let attorneys have free access to your bank account if you want to sleep well at night."

"That's cold, Helen," the chubby Acquisition Manager winked.

"I have a feeling you'll get over it."

"Depends. What do you have to say about the Destiny Mall investment proposal?"

"It's a lot to chew on. We haven't done anything half as big before."

"No guts no glory."

"What did William had to say about it?" Helen said.

"Nothing much."

"Meaning?"

"Meaning that I went straight to you. Sister to sister."

"Because you knew he'll shoot you down." Helen's scar darkened. It always did that when she was angry. "You think I'll go behind his back with something so big? You're really putting too many chips on this futa sisterhood thing."

"He's a dinosaur, Helen, the man has no vision."

"He is still my boss, and yours."

"Everyone knows which VP is gonna take his place when he retires."

"No." Helen said. "Nobody knows. When the time comes then I'll probably be the last choice."

"Come on, Helen, stop pretending!" Marianne gave her a conspiratorial wink. "You've got the board in your pocket."

"Marianne, stop!"

"I'm not suggesting we go behind William's back. I know you, you're straight as an arrow. I just want you to be my wingman on this one. Go through the numbers, help me with the sales' pitch."

"Hmmm..." Helen reread Dennis' message. He left a number at the bottom for her to call.

"Are you reading the fucking investment offer or watching porn?"

"What?" Helen blushed and pressed Alt-Tab, hiding Dennis' message behind the document that she was supposed to be reading.

"That silly grin you have on right now," Marianne snorted.

"What grin?"

"Because I have that kind of a silly grin when I watch homemade porn. Especially when I'm watching one of my own videos conquering a hot young colt's wiggling ass."

"TMI, Marianne. TMI."

Marianne opened Helen's refrigerator without a shred of awkwardness. "You don't mind, do you? I haven't eaten since morning."

Helen shrugged.

The chubby face lit up. "Chicken piccata, nice. And what's that? Risotto? I didn't know you cook, girl."

"I don't."

"Your little sister then?"

"Someone else," Helen went back to the document. She swore she wouldn't touch Kevin's cooking again. Not an easy oath to follow. Marianne placed the chicken and the risotto in the microwave, and the smell of lemon-butter sauce reminded her that she too hadn't eaten since morning.

"So what do you say?" Marianne spoke with her mouth full of risotto. Some rice got stuck on her upper lip. "It's a good offer. We should at least consider."

"Too good. When things look as good as that, they usually hide a stinker, Marianne."

"You're paranoid. It's an opportunity. Take a look at the photos I've sent you. The place is a diamond in the rough."

Helen pretended to recheck the photos and went back to Dennis' message. In her mind she was already sitting cross-legged on a velvety couch in a posh restaurant, sipping a cocktail from a tall glass with colored umbrellas. Dennis was sitting across the table and telling her how pretty she was.

"Earth to Helen?"

"Huh?"

"Are you watching porn again?"

"Stop it, Marianne."

"Did you see the place? It's a real-estate gem."

"It's a dump."

"Not for long. By the way, this stuff is amazing, give my compliments to the chef."

"I will." No, I won't, she thought.

"My doctor told me that I need to start a diet 'cause my blood pressure is off the scales." Marianne thumped her belly and smirked. "Told me I have a slow metabolism, the cheeky git. Slow? My metabolism is a fucking retard," Marianne started laughing, spraying risotto. "You sure you don't want some?"

Helen shook her head.

"Alright. So what do you say?"

"I say we pass," Helen said.

"My analyst team predicts it could triple its value in four years," Marianne covered her mouth and burped. "Sorry. Look at the survey. Look at the predicted ROI report I've sent you. The customer segments. It's a golden opportunity."

"The city council didn't even approve the development plan."

Marianne waved her hand in dismissal. "With Naogen Tokomi at the steering wheel, it's only a matter of time. These guys are bulldozers."

"Naogen Tokomi?" Helen said. "Weren't they connected to that scandal? The one with that futa councillor; the head of the Building Department. What's her face? Rebecca something. You know, that whole business with the illegal escort service?"

"Tabloid garbage." Marianne stuffed her mouth with risotto. "Didn't even get to court."

"Still."

"Hack journalism, nothing more. They tried to pin blackmail on Naogen Tokomi. Said they blackmailed the councillor via the escort service."

"Velvet Boy? Right?" Helen googled the name and came up with nothing.

"Lace Boy. And the same journalist tried to hint that the escort service employs illegal aliens. Total bullshit on both accounts. Trust me on this one, Helen. I know first-hand how Lace Boy run their service. Clean."

"I'll simply pretend you didn't say that, Marianne."

"Fuck that, Helen. Lace Boy is the best escort service this city has to offer. I ordered two of their boys last Friday. One Polish, the other an Algerian. Ivory and ebony. They cost me an arm and a leg, but boy oh boy did I make them earn every cent." Marianne licked her lips. "I can connect you with the right people if you feel like giving it a try."

"You know, Marianne, there's enough heat going our way as it is. Most of what futaphobes say about futas is bullshit. But people call us sexual predators, and I'm not saying it is anything but bullshit. However, girls who behave like you don't help much."

"I only behave the way God made me." Marianne tapped her forehead, "with parts of both man and woman and the libido of ten bulls."

"Bullshit!"

"You think you're different, Helen?"

"I think you're different. The whole 'God made me' is just an excuse for not taking responsibility."

"All I'm saying, chica, is that all that repressed need can't be good for you. You can lie to yourself all you want that you're different than me, but one day you might-" Marianne placed her hand over her crotch and then lifted it making explosion sounds.

"Very graphic. Thanks."

"I'll leave you Lace Boy's business card in case you change your mind. Tell the person who picks the call that it was I who sent you."

"Keep your card."

"Whatever, Helen, if you -. Oh, hello beautiful," Marianne turned and stared, her black eyes as big as plates, at Kevin who stood at the kitchen's entrance.

"Hi, I'm Kevin." He put down the brown grocery bags he carried and reached out his hand for a shake.

"Enchanté," Marianne took the offered hand and kissed its back. "Did it hurt?"

"Sorry?" Kevin said.

"When you fell from heaven."

"Did you just call me Satan?"

Marianne smiled at Kevin. The same smile an orca gives when it sees a baby seal on its first swim. "I'll call you whatever you want me to call you."

"In that case let me take you ten seconds back in time to when I said my name is Kevin."

"Kevin?"

"Bingo."

"What's in the bags, Kevin?"

"Everything that I need to make New Orleans Red Beans and Rice with Pickled Peppers, and Chicken-and-Sausage Gumbo."

"Are you from Louisiana?"

"Helen and Diana's mother is originally from New Orleans. Brion is a Creole name." He gave Helen one quick, concerned look. "I thought I'd go for a Creole theme this week."

"Oh, so I have you to thank for the risotto and the piccata." Marianne said.

"Liked it?"

"Depends. Am I getting a treat for dessert?" She licked her upper lip.

"Are we talking about food?"

"What do you think?"

"I think... I think I left a bag downstairs. Was a pleasure, Mrs....?"

"Anderson, but if you call me anything else than Marianne then I'll pout."

Marianne started laughing as soon as Kevin left. "You... You... You little rascal you." She waved her finger at Helen. "I totally bought your little futa image speech. Wow. Where the-?"

"He's Diana's."

"What do you mean Diana's? He's her boyfriend?"

Helen started nodding but then in a moment of vindictiveness said, "He's a prostitute."

"What?"

"An escort boy."

"Girl, I know what an escort boy means. They come for an hour, and they never cook jack shit."

"It's the full boyfriend experience service."

Marianne's eyebrows rose twice. "I wanna sign in."

"Look, about the investment offer, I think-"

"Don't change the subject on me, Chica. Diana's eh? Are you gonna tell me you've never dipped your stick in that perfect thing? Because if you do, I'll call you a liar."

Helen shrugged. "Believe what you like."

"Fuck me. What a perfect little angel, eh? I'm still shivering. Tell Diana when she's fed up with him that I'm next in line. I don't care how much his service costs."

--------------------------

Someone knocked gently on Helen's bedroom door. Since Diana never knocked, by elimination it left only the most hated creature in the world, which in alignment with the gods' twisted humor happened to live in the same apartment as she did.

"Go away!"

"Can I come in, Helen?"

"No!"

"You're not decent?"

"None of your fucking business!"

"I want to come in."

"Go away, Kevin!"

"I'm not going anywhere."

"Fine! Stay there!"

"Still here," Kevin said a minute later. "I'm not going to move until you open."

Helen opened the door and stood above him wearing one of her many grey tank tops, and grey leggings. Her green eye shot lightning. "What do you want, Kevin?"

"To apologize."

"Go ahead," her lower lip trembled.

"I'm sorry-"

"Sure. No problem." She slammed the door in his face.

"Helen, I'm not going anywhere. Can't we talk like two adults?"

"Go away!" She shouted.

"I made you a fresh batch of chocolate chip cookies."

"What do I need your stupid cookies for?"

"Come on, Helen. You're the only one who's been eating them. Diana doesn't like them, and I'm no chocolate chip fan either. You know what? Fuck that; I'm coming in."

Kevin pushed the door; he was holding a large cookie jar in front of him like a shield. It was the first time that he was in her room and he looked around bewildered. He was astounded at the contrast between the Spartan military precision of this bedroom to Diana's teenager-like chaos.

He stopped for a second and stared at the small framed photograph of her platoon.

Helen stood up, her hands folded over her chest, and snarled. "You've got some nerve. Get out before I kick you out."

"You're not going to kick me out."

"Really? You're extremely close to getting punched in the face."

"You're not going to punch me either."

"You seem very sure."

He placed the cookies on the decorated desk near the photograph. "I read your letters, Helen. You don't punch people in the face."

"You came here to gloat?"

"I came to apologize."

"Well?"

"Can I sit down?"

"No!"

"Okay." He took a deep breath. "I started unpacking your sister's boxes and found your letters, Helen. I knew the moment I started reading them that I shouldn't."

"And yet you did."

"And you don't know how bad I feel that I hurt you. I would never have read the letters had I suspected that they were yours."

"Because you're living in the house with an ex-marine," her beautiful face tightened and her lower lip trembled. "You picked up letters found in that ex-marine's house carrying the Marine Corps signature, and you couldn't make that mental leap. You are a lot of things, Kevin. An idiot isn't one of them."

"It never even crossed my mind that you could be Valkyrie," he said.

"Are you lying to my face right now?"

"It never crossed my mind because you hide Valkyrie so well," Kevin's face showed distress and Helen couldn't guess if it was fear or genuine regret.

"Your... You're..." he waved his hand, circling his face, "it's just a mask. Most people wear them, but you wear it so well. I'm so sorry, Helen."

"When I saw my letters open on your desk, Kevin, do you have any idea how I felt?"

Kevin nodded. "You felt like I abused you. Mentally, I mean."

Helen stared at him, eye round, because of his choice of words. She didn't disagree. "Humiliated."

"I know, and I'm so sorry. But you know what? There was nothing shameful or humiliating about them. Some folks in them did shameful things and needed to feel ashamed. Not you."

She stared at him and said nothing.

"The moment that I started reading them, I knew that I shouldn't, but I couldn't stop reading."

"Why?"

"Because they were amazing. I read your letters three times. I was rooting for Valkyrie because she reminded me of Hamlet."

"Hamlet?"

He nodded. "It was wrong of me to barge like an asshole into your private thoughts, but I can't undo what I did. If it helps, I'll never say anything to anyone."

Helen closed her eye, made a fist, counted to five and opened it again. "I wish that I could believe you, Kevin. But you're always saying you're not this or that, and then you do the exact opposite. You didn't want to read my private thoughts, yet you did. You said you always pay your debts, and yet you didn't pay rent for five months."

"Which is what I'm doing right now," he said softly. "Do you think it is easy, living with Diana? You know it's not. Try living in the same room with her for a week. But I'm trying to be an adult and own my shit, just like you said."

"Kevin-"

"You know what? You're right. You shouldn't be afraid of me spilling your secrets." His voice trembled. "We need a balance of terror, like... like in the cold war. No, no... That was a shitty choice of words. I don't want to be at war with you no more, Helen. We need an equilibrium." He stood tall and nodded. "I... I don't know Krav Maga," he said.

"No shit."

"I learned the basics from an Israeli kid whose parents had been on a sabbatical in the states. I was bullied a lot in junior school and needed leverage. But other than a stupid pose," he shrugged.

"That pose won't fool anyone who is not totally clueless."

"Very few people know Krav Maga."

"I've practiced Krav Maga for six years, Kevin."

"Okay. Alright. So, something else." He closed his eyes and then opened them. His mouth contorted, as if he was tasting a bad memory. "I had a girlfriend in high school. A hottie. She's the highlight of my relationship CV. She's the only girlfriend in my relationship CV. Everyone who knows me knows about her."

"A hot girlfriend," Helen smirked. "That's something to feel embarrassed about?"

"Except that she wasn't."

"Wasn't what?"

"My girlfriend. The teacher hooked me up with Olga because she was new, and needed help. I wasn't her boyfriend; I was her bitch. I did all her homework for her; I carried her bag to school. I bought her presents so that she'd feel special. I was madly in love with her. I even found the balls to ask her to be my girlfriend. She thought about it for like six months, before she said yes." He shook his head. "What an idiot."

"Why an idiot?"

"Because I came to her house one evening after she said yes, and she was in bed with Tony Rubi. The captain of the basketball team."

"Ouch," Helen's tone softened.

"Yeah, ouch. After Olga moved back to Russia, I lied to everyone in school and told them that Olga and I had been together and that we did the nasty day and night. I was so convincing that it even made me semi-popular for like five minutes. My imaginary sex with her was very impressive."

"She was your girlfriend, even for a little while," Helen said. "So I think the lie wasn't that big."

"You think? We never even kissed. You wanna guess which girl gave me my first kiss? It's not hard. She lives down the hallway, and she's your sister. Do you want to guess which is the only girl who ever told me she loved me? It's the same girl from down the hall. How pathetic is that?"

"It's not pathetic, Kevin."

"Pretty much, considering that your sister doesn't even know what it means. Diana loves Diana only, Helen."

Helen didn't say anything. She tried to think of something that might contradict Kevin, and couldn't.

"Now you know something about me that nobody does. I even lied to Diana about Olga. Everyone's got secrets they wish that nobody ever knew. Olga hurt me so bad I couldn't find the strength to get out of bed for a month."

"It's nothing to be ashamed of, Kevin," she said in a tender voice.

"That makes two of us. Everyone's got low points. It doesn't make us shitty people. I think it makes us human. Olga was a bitch. I know that now. She never even considered me as boyfriend material because Tony Rubi played basketball and I had to stand on my tiptoes if I wanted the top of my head to reach his shoulder. She toyed with me because I was desperate and because she could. But you know what? Fuck her and fuck your spineless Scott Pierce and fuck futaphobe Sergeant Robert and all the other racists, bigots, homophobes, futaphobes, transphobes and assholes in this world. There is someone out there waiting for me. And when I find her she'll say she loves me and she'll mean it, and she'll lie and say that I'm her big man even though I'm scratching five feet four."

"I think you're right." She said softly, while she wondered if there was someone out there waiting for her too.

"I know I'm right." He nodded, but he didn't sound convinced. At that moment she recognized her own fears and insecurities, mirrored on his handsome face. Her heart went out to him.

"I'm sorry that I read your letters, Helen. I really am."

Helen nodded.

"Can we stop being enemies, now?"

She sighed and took her photograph off the shelf. "This is me," she pointed at the tall stunning woman in uniform. She had two green tiger eyes, cropped blonde fuzz, no scars, and she was smiling. "This goofy looking kid was Lance." She pointed at a fair-haired marine with a bewildered smile.


"Thrombo Lance?"

"Yeah, he was a few marines short of a platoon, as they say. This is Ryan."

"Ryan Gonorrhoea? The one from the virgin and the brothel story?"

"That's him. And this is Short Lance, Kopelman, King Boo, Sandman Tom, and this handsome devil with the bars-"

"That's Captain Andy?"

She nodded. "He invented the nickname Valkyrie because I looked like a girl from a comic book."

"What happened to him?" Kevin said in a small voice.

"He did something stupid. He walked into a room without checking first. Stepped on an IED that was waiting for us. He died, and he took Ryan, Lance, and Tom with him. Kopelman is in a wheelchair, and I got this," she pointed at her eyepatch.

"I'm so sorry, Helen."

"It's a burden that I have to live with for the rest of my life. They weren't just marines; they were family. I was their lieutenant, and they were my kids. They live up here," she tapped her temple, "and in my letters. It felt like sacrilege when you took them and read them. It was my fault too. I should have searched for them earlier."

"I should have been less of a jerk. Can you...? Can I...? You think there's a chance that you'll give me a second... a third chance to prove that I'm not...? You know."

She stared at him for a while. She wanted to believe him. He looked confused and hurt just as he was on the first day that she met him. "How old are you Kevin?"

"Twenty-one, next week."

"You're just a kid." She was twenty-nine, but she felt a hundred years older and in some ways ten years his junior. "I love Creole cuisines," she suddenly said. "But I don't care too much for New Orleans Red Beans. My mom used to make Jambalaya."

His face lit up. "I happen to know how to make the best shrimp Jambalaya you've ever eaten." He paused. "But you'll have to try it when it's still hot to enjoy it. Sixty minutes?"

She smiled, and it was the first time he ever saw her give a smile that wasn't forced or tainted with cynicism. He hoped she could do it more often.

--------------------

There was a frat party last night. The dorms sat near the Computer Science Lab, and the lab's toilets got some of the backlashes. Kevin opened one of the stalls and nearly puked his guts out when he discovered the nasty surprise some asshole left in it. Holding his breathe he ran outside. The air smelled of cut grass and summer, and he gulped it down with a sigh.

Nicole, a tiny brunette that shared his Linux Internals course, arched a thin eyebrow. "You look a little green, Kevin."

Kevin was surprised that she even knew his name. "Frat party aftershock." He motioned with his thumb towards the toilets.

"Yuck! Say no more. Some people on this campus are total pigs."

"More like elephants, judging by the size of what they left."

"TMI, Kevin," she laughed. "You can sneak into the little girls' room. It's empty. And clean."

"You mean I'm usually not supposed to do that? Huh. Makes sense. Now I get all the screaming."

When she laughed, Nicole displayed a perfect set of pearly teeth. "Just go in."

"I don't think so."

"It's empty."

"Nicole, do you have any idea how people acquire college nicknames? How does Kev the Perv sound to you?"

She laughed. A little too loud to be attributed to Kevin's lame jokes.

Was she flirting? With him? Nah. She was a hottie, and he was, well... himself.

Still, he twice caught her eyeballing him during yesterday's lecture. Could it be?

"I won't tell anyone," she winked at him. "You can go right in, Kevin...the Pervin."

"That's not a real word," he whispered.

"Totally is."

"Note to self; never play Scrabble with Nicole."

This time she laughed so hard she had tears. Yeah, definitely maybe something was going on. When Kevin entered the girl's toilets, he had a sudden panic attack. What if she was playing a cruel joke and the bathroom will be choked with screaming girls, and he'll never hear the end of it? But the room was empty and clean.

Kevin did his thing super-fast because a hot girl was waiting outside and the last thing he wanted her to think was that he just made a huge dump. When he washed his hands, he checked himself in the mirror.

There was a definite change.

He used to wear second-hand clothes that were one or two sizes too big. That ended since Diana insisted on buying him a new wardrobe. He was a natural athlete. Jogging and diving gave him a v-shaped body. Daily carrying of numerous pairs of scuba diving tanks (70 pounds each set) into the divers' boat and back to the diving club had the same effect on his body as CrossFit. Now he wore short-sleeved buttoned shirts that didn't hide his sun-kissed muscles.

He used to look like a porcupine. His beach blonde hairs would stand like unruly kids if left unattended. He now had what Diana called "Zac Efron spikes." Not that he gave a fuck what it was called or about Zac Efron, but he had to admit it was a massive improvement.

However, the most significant change was in his composure. He now had a semi-girlfriend. Sure, Diana was a selfish, violent bitch, and she forced him into the relationship, but she wasn't imaginary. Diana was real, and a real beauty. She also kept insisting that Kevin was the hottest thing since the invention of the Fahrenheit. Some of that started rubbing onto him. It showed in the way he carried his shoulders and chest. It showed in the ease of his walk. He was never shy in a crowd and knew how to use his humor to blend in. Still, a one on one with the opposite sex was always a challenge. However, didn't he just have a conversation with the hottie Nicole? Was he even, dare he say, smooth...?

"Don't let it get to your head just because you managed ten sentences without blushing, idiot," he said to his image in the mirror. The Kevin in the mirror smiled back at him.

As he stepped outside, Kevin's mobile chirped the opening of Bach's Badinerie, and he checked the incoming text message.

'Dear Mr. O'Brien

We are happy to inform you that your application for student accommodation has been approved due to a recently vacated apartment. Please contact the Accommodation Office for further details.'

"Are you kidding me?,

"Are you fucking kidding me?,

Now?"

He had waited for that message for two years. Six months ago, it would have been perfect. He was supposed to get accommodation a year ago, but because of a technical error, his name never entered the waiting list. No matter how many times he pleaded with the secretary at the Accommodation Office, he never seemed to get anywhere.

"Bureaucratic assholes." He punched the close message button with way too much force and the Samsung flew off his hands. The mobile phone hit the grass, and the impact caused the battery to go one way, and the rest of the phone the other. Cursing and blushing he went on all fours and retrieved the battery from under a bench where it rolled, all the time aware that Nicole was watching him with a tiny smile.

"And there goes my smoothness."

He crawled to where the rest of the phone lay and bumped into a pair of sexy black boots. The boots belonged to a set of ridiculously long legs that ended in a purple miniskirt.

"Sorry," He said.

"Why?" The girl with the sexy legs leaned and picked the mobile from between her boots. "That was kinda cute."

They both straightened, and he found himself looking up. Much like their broad shoulders, the height difference was pretty much the norm with her kind. She was probably six feet plus, with a blonde pixie cut. Pretty. Not the classic beauty like Diana or the unearthly cold beauty of Helen, but she was striking. The athletic, long body certainly helped. She had lots of freckles, with a button nose, lending her a cute air, but her lips were her best feature. They were plump and pillowy, in a shade of deep red without the need for gloss, and you immediately wondered how they would feel on yours. When those lips smiled, you couldn't help but join in.

"What was kinda cute?" He said.

"The way you shouted at your phone and then dropped it on the ground."

"Oh, you saw that? How not embarrassing at all."

"Happens to me all the time," the sexy long-legged futa said.

"Weirdo." He smiled, and she smiled right back.

"Kevin, right?"

"That's right. Sorry, I-."

She took the Samsung's battery from his hands. "I'm Ginger."

"No, you're not, you're blonde."

She laughed. "The wonders of chemistry. My name is Ginger. Well, actually, I was born as Jenny, but I always thought it was too generic, so I changed it."

"I don't remember how I was born. It was a long time ago, and I was tiny."

She laughed. Damn, he was on his game today. "I saw you at the Comfort Zone 13 club," she said

"Oh." He snuck a peek at Nicole. The little brunette pretended to be interested in a mockingbird that was making happy twits on a Bird Feeding Station. She glanced at him and Ginger from time to time. He didn't relish the thought that he would be outed. If people on campus learned that he had a futa girlfriend and that he was a catcher, not a pitcher, that would ruin his chances with girls like Nicole.

"I noticed you at the club because you looked a bit lost," Ginger said.

"Like a fish out of water?"

"I didn't mean it was a bad thing. I felt out of the water in that place too."

"Yeah, it was my first night out clubbing, but I thought I blended in. Talk about deluded much."

"I thought you were cute," she said.

"Oh."

She assembled his phone and fired it up. "You were there with Diana?"

"Do you know her?"

"Of her. She hangs with a wild bunch."

He wondered if she saw him suck Camille's cock in public and his cheeks reddened. Probably not. It happened in a secluded area, and tall futas were standing around them.

"So, what's the story between you and Diana? You're a couple?"

"Yes. Well, no."

"Yes or no?"

"It's complicated," he said. "Me and Diana, it's the absolute definition of complicated."

"I see."

"No, you don't."

"God, this makes me feel awkward," she said.

"Why?"

"Because I saw you at the Comfort Zone 13 club and I asked about you. When I learned that we're coeds, I thought I might just walk up to you and... You know. I thought you're really cutesy," she actually blushed. It was refreshing compared with the predatory confidence of his girlfriend.

"That's the nicest thing that anyone said to me in a long while. I think you're beautiful, Ginger. Way out of my league, and sweet. Not awkward."

"But you and Diana, you're complicated?"

"Yup."

"You know what, Kevin?" She played with her long fingers on his Samsung screen. "I'm leaving you with my number, you'll find it under Ginger TYSC which stands for, 'Thinks You're Super Cute.' If one of these days, things become less complicated..." She handed him the phone.

He nodded. "I certainly will."

"Wow, these futas, they sure come on strong," Nicole said to him, once Ginger was out of earshot. "She added herself to your contacts?"

"Yup."

"They don't take no for an answer."

"Actually, she did; very ladylike. It wasn't aggressive, it was cute, and I wish I had her balls to just go like that and simply ask for a number when I see a girl I like."

Nicole giggled.

"What?"

"You said you wish you had her balls."

"I meant it as a metaphor, not as a cheap joke about futa genitalia. I wish I were as brave."

"Why aren't you?"

"Brave?" A tomcat sneaked on the bird, but since it lost its hunter instincts to evolution, it missed it by a mile. The cat was striped orange and yellow and had green burning eyes. "Why I'm not like her? Do you think it's easy for us guys?"

"Do you think it's easy for us girls?"

"Uh, yes."

"Let's say you're a girl and you fancy some cute guy who has purple eyes," she nodded once. "Let's say you make eye contact with the cute guy during several lectures, and you give him all the signals. You're waiting and wondering 'when will the dummy get the message already?' And you wait, and wait, and wait... And nothing, Kevin. It makes you doubt your own attractiveness."

"Oh." Kevin's smile was of the awkward kind, but his heart danced a little victory jig.

"So? Are you going to ask for my number already?" She gave a breathy whinny, "Or maybe you prefer to call that shefaggot freak instead?"

"What? She's not a freak or a... That thing you said."

"Come on, Kevin."

"You come on. She's a person. What gives you the right to call her a freak?"

"Don't tell me you're one of those bleeding-heart jerks."

"I'm... It's futaphobic, Nicole."

"So, if I'm born a hetero girl, then I'm automatically futaphobic?"

Kevin reddened. "If you call people you don't even know ugly names, you are. You know nothing about her."

"That creature has a penis, Kev. Don't tell me it doesn't disgust you."

"It sure does," he nodded. "What you said was disgusting, and I don't want your number, Nicole. It's not you, it's me; I don't like bigoted assholes."

"Fuck off. No one was gonna give it to you any way you... you half-midget!"

"Well, it was good while it lasted," Kevin gave a bitter smile to the Yellow and Orange striped Tomcat, after Nicole flipped him the finger and stormed away. "You think I should have just looked the other way because she's hot and into me?"

The cat yawned and licked its paw.

"No can do, buddy. Not with you looking at me with those green burning eyes. They're just like Helen's."

-------------

Kevin lay naked below Diana, his chest against the bed. His legs were spread, and she was balls deep inside him. That didn't stop Diana from talking with her friend, Camille, on her mobile. She was quite the multitasker.

"Well, fuck that bitch to next Wednesday." She rotated her pelvis, stirring Kevin's guts. He moaned. "Shhhh, I'm talking here, baby. I know my cock feels good, but pipe it down."

"What the fuck?" Kevin tried to rise, but Diana pushed him down with a firm hand between his shoulder blades.

"Where do you think you're going?"

"Don't tell her what we're doing," Kevin whispered, trying to tone down the fact that he was furious.

"Okay, I won't tell her," she giggled.

"What's so funny Diana?"

"I remembered some joke," she whispered. She was, in fact, streaming the sex session to Camille via video call. She wasn't an exhibitionist, but she derived immense pleasure from rubbing Kevin into Camille's face. The brunette futa kept calling her ever since Kevin gave her a blowjob at the club last week. She wanted to hook-up again. Camille was not very subtle about her intentions. She even suggested a foursome with her boyfriend, Ben.

"You'll never guess who called today, Camille."

"Was it the Heavens? They want Kevin back?"

"Yeah," Diana laughed. "It was that other place. A bitch from hell."

"Who?"

Diana rocked inside Kevin, feeling the clench of his ass around her. She tenderly stirred her pole inside that epic butt, while she let his cock-hugging rectum adjust around her steely thickness. Kevin bit down on the blanket, to avoid making any more noises.

"The three-legged bitch herself called."

"Nadine?" Camille raised her voice. "Get the fuck out!"

"Cross my heart," Diana said.

"You don't have a heart. What the hell did she want?"

Diana withdrew entirely and spanked Kevin's ass a couple of times. "Up, up, and arch your back," she whispered. Kevin dutifully stood on all fours, lowered his face and raised his ass. Diana spanked him hard on the inviting white cheek and Kevin yowled.

"You annoying me on purpose, Baby Butt?"

Kevin quickly reached with both hands and spread his cheeks, flexing the starfish and forcing it to open. Diana spread his legs further as she entered him doggy style.

"Nadine wants me to come over tonight," Diana said.

"Get the fuck out!"

Digging her fingers possessively into Kevin's ass cheeks, Diana started withdrawing her rock-hard boner from the enveloping warmth of his anal tunnel until only her fat glans was wrapped in the squeezing grip of his hole. She paused there just a second before pushing in again, sheathing herself inside his ass with a slow, gliding stroke. Kevin moaned into the blanket as she buried her shaft balls-deep into the hot bowels again. Camille's image on the screen went blurry. Diana thought that she was jerking off, but wasn't sure.

"What... Why...?" Camille's voice was a bit strained. Yep, she was masturbating. "Why did Nadine decide after all this time has passed that she wants a reunion?"

"She wouldn't exactly say. She saw us at the club last week, Kevin and I together, happy. Maybe she wants to ruin that too?"

"You didn't part ways on the best of terms, did you?"

"That's like the understatement of the millennium," Diana grunted and set a slow, patient rhythm of shallow back and forth thrusts, sinking into Kevin's rectum a little bit more with every push. "After we broke up she tried to hook-up with Liam to get back at me."

"What?" Camille said.

"I shit you not!"

"The bitch!"

"Exactly what I told her," Diana said.

She pulled out of the loving ass and spanked Kevin. Taking a steadying breath as she gazed at the obscene spectacle of Kevin's open asshole already starting to shrink to its cute puckered appearance. She lowered the mobile taking a close-up, zooming on the gaping hole.

"Wow, that's," Camille giggled. "I need to get me some of that."

"It's mine," Diana said and gently pushed her fat cockhead into that pink winking hole, wedging just the very tip of her glans into Kevin's snug, nibbling butt-ring before it closed entirely on itself. She gave one cheek a loving squeeze and then buried herself in Kevin, sighing happily.

"So are you going?" Camille said.

"Going where?"

"I see. No oxygen left in the brain. Are you going to see Nadine tonight?"

"Yeah. I... I... I'm gonna shove a mirror in that Middle Eastern bitch's face, and tell her exactly what I think of her."

"Yeah, right."

"You think I'm afraid of Nadine?"

"You probably should be. Nadine's dangerous, Diana; people like her don't mess around. I wouldn't go if I were you."

Kevin's mobile hummed again on the nearby worktable. It had been buzzing non-stop for the past hour. Diana grabbed the phone to shut it down, but decided she wanted to know who the hell would send so many messages to her boyfriend. There was more than a single source, but one caught her eye immediately.

"Camille, I need to go, something came up."

"Wait! I want to see the-"

Click. Diana ended the call and snapped hard, rotating her pelvis and etching her cock deep inside Kevin.

"Ow!" he cried.

She pulled out and brutally slammed herself in again.

"Ow! Stop!"

She gave him a resounding slap on his ass cheek.

"Ow, stop! Diana, you're hurting me."

"Who is Ginger, Kevin?"

"What?"

She pounded him hard three times and Kevin decided he'd had enough. He tried to scramble away. Diana lunged forward and looped one arm around his neck. She pounded his ass several more times and bit his ear. Kevin tried to squirm, but each time he did, her cock stirred his bowels with force, and her arm choked him and took the fight out of him.

"Stop it!" he screamed.

"Who is Ginger TYSC? What kind of name is TYSC, anyway?"

"Some girl from Uni."

"Just a girl?"

"Just a girl. What the hell do you want, Diana?"

"Why did she text you, 'Happy Birthday, Hot Stuff, hoping to get that call from you soon'?"

"Because it's my birthday. I'm 21 today; everyone's sent me messages."

"I didn't know it was your birthday."

"I know that you didn't. I only mentioned it like thirty times, and you always pay attention to what I say."

"Happy birthday, Baby Butt." Diana dug herself deeper into his ass. "What's going on between you and Ginger?"

"Nothing. Let go of my throat."

"Nothing?" Diana lowered her voice and pulled his head back. "What call is she waiting for?"



"She wanted to hook-up."

"Doesn't she know you have a girlfriend?"

"She knows we're together."

"Then how come she thinks she can get you? What did you tell her?"

"Diana, stop!"

She pulled out of him entirely and grabbed his phone. Kevin turned around, still dazed.

"What the fuck? Stop messing with my phone!" He shouted. "What the hell are you doing?"

"I'm giving that boyfriend-stealing ho a piece of my mind."

"What? Stop!" Kevin lunged at her, but she scrambled out of bed and kept typing.

"Stop!"

"There," she gave him the mobile.

He searched through the messages. "Where the hell is Ginger's message?"

"The whore got purged from your phone."

"Awesome. Very mature, Diana."

"Fuck mature!" She grabbed his wrists and dragged him back to the bed. "I was gonna give you a birthday treat today. But now I don't feel like it anymore."

"Ten seconds ago you didn't even remember it was my birthday."

Diana pushed him on the bed and grabbed his legs, forcing them apart. Still standing near the bed, she stretched his legs to a full split.

"Stop, Diana," he said in a quiet voice, "that hurts."

"You're hurting me, Kevin, talking with that girl."

"I'm sorry."

"If you thought about me half as much as I think about you this wouldn't have happened," she said.

Kevin couldn't figure if he should laugh or tear his hair out from frustration. "In what world do you ever think of me or do anything I want?"

"I took my Prince Albert out because you said it hurts your throat."

"You took it out only because I couldn't deep-throat with it in the way."

"Because I didn't want to hurt your delicate throat."

"Right. I guess I'm just selfish," Kevin closed his eyes. Arguing with Diana was as fun as arguing with a wall, and just as productive.

Still splitting his legs, Diana aligned the head of her cock with his ravaged pink hole and pushed. The head stretched the round muscle of his asshole as it quickly dug in.

"Ohhh, Baby, your ass is just the best," she purred. "Every time I'm angry with you I just think of it and I ain't angry no more. It's like my cock melts in there."

She pushed and claimed him once more, on his back, legs spread wide like a ballet dancer. She pulled almost all the way out until only the head was lodged in his hugging tunnel then proceeded to pound him. Diana set a relaxed pace, but each time she was near bottoming she thrust with gusto, jolting his body and extracting an 'Oof' from his lungs.

Kevin's sphincter went tight around the base of Diana's cock like a cock ring. He could feel her cock throb in response deep inside his ass. She let go of his legs.

"You just love feeling me inside you, don't you?"

His cock was stiff and already leaking. There was no denying her effect on him. "Yeah."

"Show me how much."

Kevin wiggled his ass around, just like Diana trained him to do. She stopped moving. He opened his eyes and saw her standing above him, smiling, with her eyes closed. He hooked his legs around her ass and pushed his ass against her cock.

"Squeeze my cock with your ass," she asked quietly.

Kevin clenched as hard as he could. His smooth walls tried to squeeze the milk out of her hard cock. She gave a sharp intake as pleasure hit her.

"God, Kevin, I love you baby."

Kevin clenched again, and Diana couldn't take it anymore. She started thrusting hard and quick. Her balls slapped his buttocks at a fast pace. Slap, slap, slap, churning the love juice inside them. She fell on his lithe body and hugged him tight as her orgasm hit. Diana stayed on top of him, lodged deep inside as her balls emptied their load deep into his bowels.

"Ah, Ah, Ah... Fuuuuuuck."

The hot cream drenched his insides, and Kevin drew a deep breath. He unhooked his legs and pushed her gently, but she wouldn't move. Diana stayed inside him for a long time. She sometimes loved hugging him and staring into his eyes in the post-orgasmic afterglow.

"I love you, Kevin," she whispered. "I love you so much I sometimes feel I might explode. I would die if some girl took you from me." She kissed Kevin on each eye. "You're so perfect."

Someone knocked on the bedroom door. "Can I come in?" Helen said.

"Sure," Diana huffed.

Kevin was panting. Still, he was aware enough to panic. "What? No! No! Helen, don't come in."

"Okay." There was a short pause. "Wait, are you two doing it right now?"

Diana answered with her devilish laughter.

"What the fuck is wrong with your brain, Diana?" Helen screamed. "One of these days I'm gonna have you hospitalized."

"Chill," Diana withdrew from her lover's ass. She slapped Kevin's butt. "Go on, Baby Butt, open the door; let's see what the bitch wants."

Kevin stumbled out of bed, put on his training pants on and opened the door.

"Hey," Helen smiled at him, and he stared at her mouth agape.

"What the fuck?" Diana said.

Helen usually wore her hair in a long braid or wildly loose when she was at home. The golden Rapunzel-like locks now lay sleek and chic. Every hair rested in its right place, and each one shone. She wore makeup, which concealed most of her scar, and she painted her lips blood red, in stark contrast to her pale skin. Completing the new apparel was an elegant red sleeveless evening dress. Classically cut, with no cleavage. She was much curvier than Diana. However, unlike her little sister who was a regular slob, Helen jogged and exercised her body with the same boot camp discipline that she applied everywhere else. Helen thus maintained a slim hourglass silhouette, and her dress clung to that gorgeous shape in all the right places. Kevin thought the result was dangerous. It could cleave the male heart in two.

"Wow," he said.

"Diana, I need to borrow your earrings. The long ones; the ones that look like feathers."

"Are you going out?" Diana said.

"No, she's going hunting alligators," Kevin said. "Of course, she's going out."

"Where to?" Diana ignored him.

"A restaurant," Helen said.

"Like for a business deal?"

"No."

"Like... Like on a date?"

"Yes."

"Like with a man?"

"Like, Diana, can I get those earrings?"

Diana closed one eye, "Hmmm.... I don't know where they are."

"I do," Kevin said. "Closet, upper left corner. I'll get them."

"Are you actually going out on a date, Helen?" Diana said.

"Why is it so inconceivable?"

"Maybe because I can count the number of dates you've gone to in the past ten years on the one hand?" Diana lifted her hand and started counting fingers. "One, two, three... Zero. Actually, I don't need hands."

Helen shrugged.

"How did you two hook up?"

"On 'Match' dating site."

"Since when do you start using a dating site?"

"What's with the Spanish Inquisition, Diana?"

"It's a bit of a shock, that's all. Is that a new dress?"

"Yeah. What do you think?" Helen lifted her hands.

Diana motioned a so, so with her palm. "The Victorian look... Meh... Not my jam. Guys like to get a sneak peek at the girls, to know what they're getting."

"Okay, so you wouldn't wear it, but how does it look?" Kevin noticed that Helen's lower lip trembled a little; a chink in her armor that he learned to recognize. Her nonchalant demeanour was the same as her tough bitch act. Just an act.

"I mean, with you it's probably best if you won't show skin," Diana said. "Because of the scars and all. It's Okay, I guess." She twisted her mouth.

"Helen, I think you look-" Kevin started.

"You're not allowed to compliment girls that aren't your girlfriend," Diana lifted her hand and cut him in mid-sentence. "We've been through that before."

"Sorry." Kevin picked the earrings and stopped by his work desk. He quickly drew a big 'Like' button sketch on a notebook page, lifted it behind Diana's back and mimed pressing it a couple of times.

Helen smiled and then to Kevin's surprise, blushed. Diana turned her head, but Kevin already lowered the notebook.

"Oh, by the way, Kevin, this is for you," Helen gave him a red envelope, blushed again and hastened out of the bedroom.

"Get your ass cleaned. Get dressed," Diana said, "we're going out too."

"To the club?"

"To an old friend of mine. What's in that envelope she gave you?"

"Why are you always so mean to Helen?"

"What did she give you?"

"She cares for you. Why are you always so mean to her? It's like you hate her."

"What's in that envelope?"

"She didn't need your opinion on the dress; she was just fishing for a compliment. Even I understood that, and I'm a guy. Was it that hard to say something nice? She looked stunning, by the way; you really had to put an effort there to say it's just okay."

"I'll kick your ass if you say that my sister looked stunning."

"Helen looked stunning," he nodded. "Hot and classy."

"Watch it."

"She looked super amazing, and you were super mean, Diana. You live in her house, at her expense. She lends you money all the time, which you never bother to return. She does everything you ask her to. She-"

"She should!" Diana snarled. "Half of everything she owns is mine, anyway."

"I kinda doubt that."

"How do you think she became a VP in a big-firm, and how do you think she came to own all these apartments?"

"I'm willing to bet it has nothing to do with you."

Diana's face turned crimson. "She sold our mom's old house. Our mom. Half of that house was mine, and that's how she got her initial fortune. She never consulted me."

"Probably a good thing."

Diana searched for something to throw at him, and when she found nothing, she threw a pillow. It didn't have the desired effect. "Shut the front door, Baby Butt. You're pissing me off."

"You're hardly a garden of roses yourself, Princess."

"You want a piece of me?"

"I want you to stop treating me like I don't count. You can't just tell people to come in when we're having sex, and you can't send a video of me getting butt-fucked on the phone. Yeah, I saw that. Stop making me feel like I'm an idiot. Stop calling me names and stop humiliating me. You're not better than me, Diana. You're selfish, and you're cruel, and not just to me; to everyone around you."

"I've had it up to here with you, Kevin!" She roared.

"Same here."

"Great!"

"Maybe we need a break, Diana?"

"Maybe I need to break your arms and legs?" She jumped naked off the bed and was on him in a second. She grabbed both his arms and pinned him to the closet door.

"Let go of me!"

"Never talk to me like that!"

"Okay, sorry."

"Say it like you mean it."

"I'm sorry that I called you selfish and cruel."

"I don't give a fuck about that. We don't need a break."

"Okay!"

Her lips sought his. He tried to move his head, but she let go of his arms, grabbed his head and kissed him deeply. When she pulled away, her eyes were full of tears. "Asshole! Why did you have to say we need a break? You scare me, Kevin."

"You scare me, Diana. One minute you're about to skull-fuck me and the next you just wanna fuck me. I can't keep up with you."

"I'm sorry that I scared you." She nuzzled his neck, then kissed his lips again. "But when you say stuff like 'I'm gonna leave you'... Never say that shit again."

"Jesus. Okay, I won't. We don't need a break."

She hugged him tightly and breathed him in. Inhaling deep. "I know I'm not the perfect person, but I'm trying to be a good girlfriend. I honestly am."

"Then try to think about how I feel every once in a while, Diana."

"What's in that stupid envelope she gave you?"

"How the fuck should I know? You didn't give me a chance to open it." Kevin opened the red envelope and read the note.

'Kevin,

A fresh year needs a fresh start.

Desmond Tutu said that anger is like a dunk room. Anger closes the windows and the curtains. But the sun is shining outside, and there is fresh air outside. To get that fresh air, you have to get up and open that window and draw the curtains apart.

We are only human. As humans, we let each other down. We abuse trust. We break hearts. We make mistakes. I have made my fair share of mistakes, and I sincerely ask for your forgiveness.

I hope this opens the window just a little.

Happy Birthday,

Helen.'

Enclosed with the letter was a slip of paper. When he pulled it out and read its words, he stared, and then started to laugh. It was a voucher for a ten-session course of Krav Maga.

--------------------

Happiness is rare. It's a delicate golden string that shimmers at the corner of your eye. One wrong move, one wrong touch and it can slip through your fingers. Sometimes happiness is a new hope when you feel a change is coming your way.

Helen felt that happiness as she checked herself in the mirror for the hundredth time. Happy with the result, for the first time since her injury, she blew her image a kiss and wished herself luck. Then, heart thumping but without looking back, she left the house for her first ever date.

--------------------

To be continued...

Well, you're at the end of chapter 3, and I'm guessing that if you slogged all the way to this point, you like the story so far. So be kind, and leave a message here or to me, or at least punch those stars. I like to hear people opinion about my work, even the criticism (it helps me improve).

Chapter 4 will be posted in a day or two.

Family Issues Ch. 04
byallthatisfuta©

Once again, I want to thank Madison (ThanatopicFolds) for his editing and support. I posted this chapter a few days after the 3rd chapter, because originally chapters 3+4 were a single big chapter. My editor advised me to slice it, which turned out to be a sound advice.

I hope you like the result; I know I do.

Family Issues -- Chapter 4

--------------------

"Impressed yet?" Diana said as the pretty Chinese girl led them through a grand hallway. Kevin wondered if she was a servant.

Kevin called the Brion penthouse Never-Never Land, not because it resembled Michael Jackson's ranch, but because he thought he had a better chance of flying with Tinkerbelle than ever earning a paycheck obscene enough to afford him such accommodation. It turns out that Einstein was right; everything is relative.

The people living in Diana's friend's mansion were the kind who looked down on people who lived in posh penthouses. After all, those unprivileged plebes didn't install absolute necessities like a wine cellar, or a gift-wrapping room. The manor had a majestic view of the bay. It spoke of royalty, even though it wasn't the right country, nor century. Everything was luxuriously appointed, and it had rooms like a grand foyer, cloakroom, music room, and Kevin even saw a library.

"What do you think of my girlfriend's house, huh, baby?"

"Girlfriend? You said she was a friend."

"A girlfriend. An ex, obviously."

"I didn't know you rolled both ways."

"I don't. I'm always on top. Stop trying to change that, Kevin."

The Asian-looking girl who escorted them was dressed in what could only be described as a sexy French maid outfit. It included a sexy white apron dress, cameo choker, matching headband, ruffle trim, white style bodice, stockings and high heels. There was a lot of lace involved, and each item was flimsy, and strategically arranged. The tiny miniskirt, for instance, barely covered the bubbly bottom, which jiggled with every step because the girl wore stilettoes.

"This house belongs to your Ex?" Kevin said.

"Impressed yet?"

"Who dumped whom?" He said.

"It was a mutual decision by two adults."

"So, she and her new girlfriend decided you're out?"

"You're on thin ice, baby!"

"Okay, kidding, kidding!" He gave Diana a light peck on her neck because that always made her giggle. "I have a serious question though."

"Shoot."

"Funny choice of word. Why does your ex-girlfriends' mansion have a guardhouse, four armed guards and CCTV cameras in every corner?"

"She likes to be safe and prepared."

"For when ze Germans invade? Tell her we won that war already. What does she do for a living anyway, that ex of yours?"

"She's a businesswoman."

"So was Pablo Escobar."

Diana bit into his neck, leaving a love bite that would last for weeks.

They entered a long room. The walls were decorated with portraits of people who were probably alive two centuries ago. A table that could seat fifty diners dominated the room, but it was empty, and it was evident that nobody had dined here in a long time.

"Where is Nadine?" Diana said to the 'French maid' with the outrageous dress. "The guy at the gate said she's waiting for us in the dining room."

The sexy looking oriental cutie turned to her, smiled and nodded.

"So, where is she?" Diana said.

The girl smiled and nodded again.

"Parla voo Francei?" Kevin tried.

Diana, with her Louisiana roots, flinched at his attempt at French. "It's 'Parlez-vous Français', Dummy, and he's as French as I'm the real Princess Di."

"But she's a girl."

"Ne sois pas stupide."

Kevin stared at the sexy maid. She gave him a warm smile. The girl was the epitome of femininity. Sure, she was flat chested, however, her coal black hair was silky soft and swept down her shoulders. Her makeup was sublime and her lashes long like butterfly wings. She vamped on high heels as if she was born in them.

"She's a girl," Kevin said.

Diana lifted the miniskirt and exposed a not so impressive cock, but a cock nonetheless. The boy looked surprised, but Kevin was even more surprised when the boy didn't slap his girlfriend. He merely stared at her with a question mark all over his face.

"Nadine!" Diana said, working slowly through the syllables. "Na-dine." She let go of the miniskirt and slapped the bubbly butt. The boy nodded and motioned them to follow. "A girl, huh, Kevin?"

"Helen was right," Kevin said.

"What?"

"There is something very wrong with your brain."

"Fuck off."

"Even if you can treat someone like he's a doormat, it doesn't mean you should, Diana."

The boy-girl led them through a door in the back into a more standard sized room. This room felt more like a space where actual humans live compared to the other rooms' cold, haunted mansion aura. There was a standard dining table with a single diner, a tall brown-skinned futa that looked very familiar to Kevin. An identical twin of their naughty French maid escort stood by the table, holding an empty tray.

The small room opened to a living room area with sofas. A young futanari was sitting cross-legged on a bean bag in front of a massive flat screen TV, watching cartoons.

The futa dining at the table rose when she saw them. She had exotic Middle Eastern features, and was tall and curvy, with smooth caramel skin. Her eyes were her distinguishing feature. Big, dark and almond-shaped. Smokey without the use of makeup. Last time she and Kevin met, she wore a sexy mini dress, but tonight she wore a dark business suit.

"Diana," the futa kissed Kevin's girlfriend on both cheeks. There was tension between the giving and the receiving side. "Ahlan wa sahlan. Hello, Kevin," she gave him a warm smile, and Kevin blushed.

"We've met," Kevin said.

"Where?" Diana tensed.

"In Comfort Zone 13's bathroom," Kevin said and blushed again. Last time they met, she asked him to hold her giant cock while she lit a cigarette.

"I seemed to have left a big impression," Nadine said.

"How big?" Diana said

"You can see it from the moon," Kevin said. "That and the Chinese wall. That big."

Nadine laughed. "You were a bit shyer when we met in the club, or at least you pretended to be."

"Pffft..." Kevin waved his hand. "That's so last week, get over it already."

Nadine laughed again. "Iman, could you please turn the sound down just a little?" She said to the young girl watching TV. The girl turned and nodded, but didn't change the volume.

"Nice help you've got here," Diana winked in the direction of the twin French maids.

"You like?"

"Are they good as the real thing?"

"Don't flatter yourself, darling, you weren't that good," Nadine said. "And they're awesome. Got them on a bargain sale. Two for the price of one. They're twins."

"Nice."

"So, you do like."

"I wouldn't mind, you know..." Diana stared at the twins then back at Kevin. "Doesn't mean I'm gonna let you try mine."

"What?"

"Like it didn't cross your mind."

"Do you think that's why I called you today? Because of Kevin?"

"Yep."

"I saw him in the club, and I just couldn't contain myself because he's so sexy?"

"Well, yeah? "

"Jesus, Diana, you're so full of shit. Unbelievable. Wait, it's not about Kevin, It's about Liam. You're still mad about Liam."

"Why the hell not, bitch? I don't recall you ever saying you're sorry."

Nadine sighed. "I really must apologize, Kevin, but I'm afraid that I'll have to be a bad host and leave you on your own for a while. Your girlfriend and I need to have a heart-to-heart that we've postponed for too long."

"Take your time," Kevin said.

------

After both Diana and Nadine left him alone, taking the twin boy-maids with them, Kevin found himself drifting aimlessly. The dissonance between the cold mansion and the plain homely living room intrigued him. He tried looking for clues. Hanging on the wall were pictures from a faraway place. Dunes in some pictures and a busy bazaar where women wearing hijabs and burkas did their shopping. Another photo showed a smiling woman wearing a white wedding dress and a white veil. He looked closer and was surprised when he realized the woman in the picture was Nadine. She was much younger, but you couldn't mistake those fantastic eyes. The images didn't solve any puzzle, just added another riddle.

The young futa that was watching TV gave him shy stares from time to time but said nothing. At first, Kevin thought that she was in her early teens, because of the way her hair was tied in a red ribbon, the flowery dress she had on, and because she was watching cartoons. However, up close she appeared to be in her late teens or maybe even early twenties. She looked like a less ripe, slimmer and younger version of Nadine, and was missing the rough edge of the elder futa, or any edge at all. The girl gave Kevin an innocent smile as he drifted near, and kept watching the movie, mumbling the lines along with the animated people on screen.

"What are we watching?" he said.

She turned to him and smiled again. "Elsa."

"Oh, you mean Frozen."

"Yeah, do you like it?"

"I haven't seen it."

"I've seen it a million times," she said. "You can watch it with me if you like. I can start over."

"That's okay," Kevin said.

"But you didn't see Elsa magicking the blue dress."

"The one that she's wearing?"

"Yeah," she beamed at him. "I have a dress just like that. Nuni gave it to me."

"You mean Nadine?"

She nodded. "Nuni says the dress is for Halloween," she whispered, "but yesterday after the shower I put the blue dress on, and I went to bed wearing it." She giggled. "Nobody noticed."

"I won't tell anyone." He smiled. "Cross my heart."

"You're nice," she smiled again. "What's your name?"

"Kevin."

"I am Iman. Do you want to see my Elsa toys?"

"Ahh... Yes?"

The girl ran out of the room only to return a minute later with a massive box brimming with toys.

"This is Elsa," she took out a doll and gave it to Kevin. "This is her sister, Anna. This is Olaf."

"He's a funny looking guy," Kevin said.

"He's a snowman."

"I should have guessed, "Kevin laughed, "Because of the carrot nose."

"You can pop the head and take his arms off, and then put it back together, but don't do that because the pieces might get lost." Iman looked a bit sad, perhaps remembering an Olaf that wasn't as fortunate as this one.

"I won't pop his head off," Kevin said.

As Iman pulled more and more toys out of the box, Kevin had a feeling they were not alone. He turned around and saw Nadine watching him with a quizzical look on her face.

"Impressive," she said when she saw him turn. "Iman never shows her toys to strangers."

"She's your sister?"

Nadine nodded. "Sweetie, it's almost nine o'clock, and you haven't showered yet. It's really getting late."

"But I haven't shown Kevin all of my toys."

"Leave something for next time."

"I don't wanna!" The young futa stomped.

"Sweetie."

"Hey, maybe you can take Olaf to the shower with you," Kevin said. "He looks like he could use a bath, and he already took all of his clothes off."

"He doesn't have no clothes, silly," Iman said. "He's a snowman."

"Even better. That way, the next time when we'll play with him he'll be clean."

"Okay," Iman said. She gave her big sister a kiss and surprised them both when she kissed Kevin's cheek too, offering her own cheek to him.

Kevin stood on his tiptoes and kissed her tenderly.

Iman giggled and clapped her hands. She then ran off, hopefully to the shower, taking the smiling snowman with her. Kevin watched her go, then turned and saw Nadine again staring at him, assessing. You could almost see the wheels spinning in her head.

"How old is she?" Kevin said.

"Twenty," Nadine said. "We call it 'touched by the Gods' where I came from."

"And where I come from?"

Nadine shrugged. "Diana, for instance, calls her 'your retarded sister.'"

"Diana's the one with a deficiency," Kevin said. "She can be..."

"Nasty sometimes. Don't I know."

"I wanted to say that she can be nice now and then. Speaking of which, where is my girlfriend?"

Nadine looked at him but didn't answer.

"Well?"

"I'm trying to figure out the best way to answer that question," she gave half of an apologetic smile.

"I find that telling the truth works best in most situations."

"That's because you're young and innocent. Diana had to... She had to do something."

"Like what?"

"I didn't lock her up in a dungeon, Kevin, if that's what you're thinking. She felt like she had to do something, so she can forgive me and put the past behind us."

"What?"

"Don't ask questions if you don't want to hear any lies."

Kevin shrugged. "It's not like I give a crap."

"You and Diana...? You're not really her boyfriend, are you?" she said.

"It's more of a financial arrangement than a real partnership."

Nadine lifted both eyebrows. "That's a twist."

"Why?"

"You don't look the type that trades sex for money."

"Said the woman who has two Chinese immigrants working for her. Both don't speak a word of English, and both are dressed as French maids."

"I wasn't trying to insult; I stated a fact, Kevin."

He nodded.

"And they wear whatever the fuck I want them to wear. Both work for an escort service called Lace Boy."

"Oh. So, they're like hired help?"

"They cost tons of money to hire, but I didn't pay a single dollar. Ask me why."

"Why?"

"Because I own Lace Boy."

"Oh."

She placed her hands on her hips. "So now each of us knows a little more about the person standing in front of us. You were amazing with my little sister. It's not your first time with someone who has special needs?"

"I had a little brother," Kevin said. "Down syndrome."

"Had?"

Kevin nodded but didn't offer explanations. Nadine didn't ask.

"What was that thing between you and Diana that you had to say sorry for? If you don't mind me being nosy?" He said.

Nadine snorted. "Some bullshit. She thinks I played 'boyfriend-stealing ho' with Liam, her last boyfriend."

"Did you?"

"The little toad did come to me after she dumped his ass, but I wasn't interested. Not that it matters to Diana. You know how she is when something gets stuck in her head."

"Tell me about it."

"Liam wanted a revenge fuck, or some shit like that. Not that I cared too much about Diana's feelings, it's just that he wasn't my type."

"I see."

"But you are, Kevin. Very much."

"I didn't ask."

"In case you wondered."

"I didn't." He stared at her, wondering if his big mouth might have mixed him up with something that he wouldn't like.

"I get the feeling you're a little bit intimidated by me," she said.

"A little? Ha! You own an escort service. You live in a fortress with armed guards, and I saw a big ass gun peeking under your suit when you leaned against me, Nadine."

She pulled her gun out and placed it on the table. The grip was decorated with green gems. "I don't need to carry the 45 around the house. Just a nasty habit."

"Why are we really here, Nadine?"

"What do you mean?"

"Why did you invite her?"

"I wanted to make amends with Diana."

"You don't give a fuck about Diana."

Nadine stared at him again. She had a way of looking without blinking that made Kevin wish he could be anywhere but under that gaze. "You're not half as dumb as I would expect of Diana's boyfriend," she finally said. "How exactly did you two get together?"

"I owe her sister a great deal of money."

"The plot thickens."

"No. There's nothing more to it."

"Okay then. I wish I could continue this conversation, but I have an event to attend. You can stay here and watch Disney movies while you wait for Diana, but I would love it if you would escort me."

"What kind of event?"

"A fight. Big Daddy Vs. Madame Hulk."

"Big what against who?"

------------

Helen inspected her image in the Next Restaurant bathroom's mirror. She brought shades instead of the eyepatch. However, she got too many curious stares for wearing sunglasses at night, and she went back to her usual look.

"No guts, no glory," she whispered to her image.

She arrived at the Next Restaurant half an hour before the designated time and waited in the shadows. The Next sat on the marina's pier, with a magnificent view of the bay. The crowd of people around her was mixed. Many people in casual short dress, mostly families enjoying the hot day on the water and the nearby beach, but also people dressed up in their best suits and evening dresses. The area was a hub of luxury restaurants. She saw a divers' boat coming up from the sea, back to a diving club and thought of Kevin and what their new cease-fire meant.

When the time was almost up, she told herself that Dennis must have bailed on her. Then she figured that she might have missed him somehow and he's waiting inside. She entered the Next; then she noticed Dennis coming from the parking lot.

The Next Restaurant was all about the natural greenhouse look. Real ferns coved the walls and circled every column. Helen hid behind one of the massive columns when Dennis passed her by. A hostess noticed her, so she mumbled a quick apology and ran to the bathroom.

He looked older than his image on the site. His profile claimed he was thirty, but he was at least thirty-five, maybe edging to forty. Doesn't matter; people always try to squeeze a few years. She knew she shouldn't, but she compared him to Kevin. He wasn't as good looking as the young boy sharing her apartment. Not by a long shot. However, Dennis dressed up in a tailored, elegant tan suit, which accented his blue eyes and blonde hair. He was handsome in a confident way that was the opposite of Kevin. She told herself that confidence was what a skittish hare like herself needs right now.

A tiny elderly woman in a mousy grey suit entered the bathroom holding the hand of a young girl. The kid smiled at her, but the elder woman eyed her critically. Helen fixed her makeup and tried to ignore her.

"Are you sure you are in the correct bathroom?" The woman said.

Oh, great, one of those.

Helen was six feet four. Because of her height and shoulders, people assumed she was a futa even though she didn't manifest most of the futa chromosome facial characteristics.

"Are you sure you are in the correct bathroom?" The woman repeated.

"Sorry?" Helen said.

"This is the ladies' room," the woman said.

"Then you shouldn't be here," Helen said and turned to the little girl. "Promise me, when you'll grow up, that you won't be like her." She exited the restroom, ignoring the women's deadly stare.

Dennis was all smiles when he saw her, and that took the edge off the nasty incident.

"Helen?" he said.

"Hi," she said in a high voice.

He stood up and kissed her on both cheeks, which made her heart skip a beat.

"Nervous?"

She nodded, too afraid to talk.

"Me too," he said, though he didn't look the part. "Nice place. Do you come here often on dates?"

"Yes, I mean no. I mean my company conduct business meetings in here. So often, but first time on a date."

"Elegant. Not too posh. I like the jungle feel." He thumped his chest like a gorilla. "I'll have a tequila soda, double," he said to a surprised blonde waitress, stopping her in mid tracks. "The lady would like-" he turned to her.

Helen used to drink beer when she served in the Marines, which was almost mandatory. However, she never dated and never felt the need for a buzz.

"She would like an Espresso Martini," Dennis said when he saw her struggling. "So... Helen," he smiled. "How was your week? Mine was great, by the way, because I knew this dinner was waiting for me at the end of it."

Helen had been running date scenarios in her head all week, planning what she'd answer in each hypothetical situation. She was supposed to be smart and funny. Now was the moment of truth, and the most intelligent thing she said was 'Hi.'


Dennis didn't seem to mind. It was apparently not his first date nor his second. He chatted on, full of confidence, making her feel like an oafish lump.

"So, you come here often for business meetings?"

"Not so often. I'm working with the analysts' teams, and project supervising departments. Business meals and deals are not my forte."

"You're very modest for the youngest VP ever in Richardson and Williams," he said.

"Thank you," she blushed. "But I never said where I work or what I do for a living?"

"Come on, Helen, it's the Tinder, Facebook, Google age. People go online before they dip in the water."

"Of course." She felt foolish because she now understood his go-getter remark. He wasn't reading between the lines; he read the newspaper.

"Everyone does that. Didn't you?"

"Not really," she said.

"Well, if anything, it made me want to meet you even more. Quite an impressive CV."

"More luck than anything."

"A Bronze Starred marine. Injured heavily in battle yet reached in seven years higher than most people will ever reach in a lifetime?"

Helen didn't know how she felt about that. Dennis just went from a casual google search to full cavity penetration. He certainly did his homework, and it made her fidget in her seat. She took the sip of the tall glass and decided that she liked Espresso Martinis.

"Luck had nothing to do with what you've accomplished."

"Thank you," she said. "You are very kind."

"But I guess it gets lonely up there at the top."

"I'm not sure about the top," she smiled and hoped it didn't come out as too tense. "I'm just a VP for a medium-sized company, but I agree with the rest of what you said. I do feel, sometimes..."

"Alone," he didn't ask, he stated a fact. "When was the last time that you had a meaningful relationship? A boyfriend?"

Every article she read this week about first dates warned that desperation reeks. She took a sip of the martini, stalling. Her leg started doing a little dance on its own, and her lower lip trembled. It was an innocent question, and one to be expected on a date. Nonetheless, she didn't know what to say. She had a hard time admitting to herself that she was twenty-nine and that tonight was her very first date.

"I'm not here to judge, Helen."

"I'm..."

"You don't need to answer if you feel it's too personal. I was just curious, I didn't mean to be rude."

At work, she kept to herself. People called her 'Iceberg Helen' behind her back, and it was convenient because everything was maintained at a professional level. Like Kevin, she invented an imaginary boyfriend, and she never got close enough to people and so never had to show him to anyone. No one knew the truth. Well, that wasn't true anymore. There was someone who knew almost everything about her. A young boy who lived in her house. She wondered where he was right now.

------

Kevin stopped counting rooms and halls; they all blurred into a smear of depressing gray stone walls. He'd need Nadine's help in case he wanted to backtrack to where he left Diana. At one point they exited the mansion, entered a courtyard and went inside another part of the house.

"This place needs road signs," he said. "The town that I grew up in is smaller."

"It's one of the oldest houses in the city; built in the nineteenth century. You can't buy a place like that. It ran in the Astor family for more than more than a hundred years," Nadine said.

"You're an Astor?"

"Do I look like an Astor, Kevin?"

"Yeah, that felt dumb as soon as I said it. Engage brain before starting mouth."

"The last member of the Astor family who owned it also owed a colossal gambling debt to the wrong kind of people."

"And you're the wrong kind of people, Nadine?"

"Or the right kind," she gave him a wink. "Depends on your perspective."

They exited the house again and went through a tall iron gate, down two flight of stone stairs to an open courtyard. Outside it lay a spacious parking lot that was stacked with cars. Kevin saw several Cadillacs, more than one Mercedes and counted at least two Rolls-Royces. A line of people in suits waited to be admitted into an old building. Most of them nodded when they saw Nadine, who nodded back before skipping the line to walk inside. A corridor opened into what appeared to be a sizeable underground arena with a boxing ring at its center. There were few seats, and most of the attending crowd were on their feet. That didn't seem to bother anyone. Nadine took him by the hand past the ring and to a booth manned by two girls and a slim futanari. Behind them on the wall hung several screens and boards with grids containing names and numbers. Kevin figured this was probably a bookie station, but he wasn't sure as he had never seen one before.

"Everything cool, Brigitte?" Nadine asked.

"Pretty much," the slim futa girl in a blue suit lifted her head from a laptop. She had black hair, cropped military style, and she openly carried a pistol in a holster. It looked like she wouldn't have any problem using it. The slim futanari stared at Kevin with lifeless gray eyes. He didn't like that stare. Her visage was passionless, and he had a sharp hunch that this futanari could turn very violent, very quick.

"We're pretty much set to go," the girl said.

"Give me the numbers," Nadine said.

"They're weak. The word on the streets is that our girl is going to throw the fight in round five. That sort of thing can be bad for business. It kept people away."

"Any idea who started these rumors?" Nadine said.

"No. Want me to check?"

"Doesn't really matter," Nadine turned to Kevin. "How about living a little on the edge tonight, sweetie?"

"I don't like edges."

"Wrong answer," she winked at him. "Any interesting numbers, Brigitte?"

"Perkins Left Hook vs. City Cobra. Twenty-two to one on the third round," Brigitte scanned Kevin again. He thought that he saw less contempt in that look this time.

"Great. Put Kevin here, for five hundred."

"I don't have five hundred dollars," he said. "And if I had, I wouldn't gamble it on twenty-two to one odds."

"I'll lend you the money."

"And if I can't pay you back then you'll take my mansion?"

"Do you own a mansion?"

"I own a bicycle. It's worth maybe thirty dollars, probably less."

"Then I'll give you the money as a gift."

"I don't want to take your money, Nadine." He said and regretted it immediately because both Nadine and Brigitte gave him a chilling stare. "I mean," he stuttered, "my dad would kill me if I take that kind of money from anyone." He rummaged through his pockets. "I've got twenty dollars."

Nadine laughed and the tension around them dissipated. "Big spender."

"You think that's a small amount? That's four hundred copies in the library's copy machines. I can copy Kaleb's Object-Oriented Programming notebook. Every page of it. And that joker writes down everything. I mean, if the lecturer says he got delayed because of traffic, he writes that shit down too."

"Four hundred copies? Jesus, Kevin, you are beyond cute."

-----

"Four hundred and forty dollars," Kevin counted the bills then inserted them into his wallet. "The fastest money I've ever made."

"Makes you feel stupid that you didn't take the five hundred," Nadine said.

Kevin shrugged. He didn't want to tell her that he didn't want to feel indebted to her even if it meant being ten grand richer. "Yeah, it was super lucky that City Cobra took a hit on the third round which by a weird chance happened to be the round your friend told me to bet on."

"Lady Fortuna shines on you, sweetie."

"Brightly, considering City Cobra looked ten times better than the other guy. I was certain she was gonna win."

"Shit happens."

"Are all the fights here fixed?"

Nadine lit a cigarette and offered him one.

"I don't smoke," he said.

"Maybe you should give it a shot instead of ticking me off."

"Sorry."

They sat in an elevated area above the ring on a comfortable couch. Below them, the audience was on their feet, cheering or cursing, as the primary and last event of the night was rolling. It was a mixed audience. Some looked like regular businessmen. Others seemed the kind of businessmen that would 'Give you an offer you cannot refuse." Some of that crowd looked like street trash, wearing fancy clothes but still street trash. Kevin spotted Marianne, Helen's colleague he met in their apartment. She was at the ropes, screaming at the top of her lungs.

In the ring, Madame Hulk roared. She was a giant futanari, probably seven feet tall, maybe more. She had the shoulders span of a jumbo jet plane, her skin was obsidian black, and it rippled with muscles. She reminded Kevin of a black panther; beautiful and scary. She circled her adversary, Big Daddy, a neckless mountain of a man that looked like he was made entirely of a single colossal muscle.

"Putana, if I had a dog as ugly as you I would shoot it," Big Daddy spat and turned his back to his adversary, showing utter contempt. The giant futa didn't hesitate and was on him, but it was just a ruse. He anticipated her attack and sent a nasty kick to her crotch.

"Is that referee blind or what?" Kevin said. "That was totally below the belt."

"He's not a referee, sweetie," Nadine said. "He's there to keep the floor clean of blood and other fluids. We don't have a referee, and other than bringing a gun, anything goes. Don't you worry about Cecilia, though, she's gonna own his ass."

"Cecilia?"

"Madam Hulk."

"So what Brigitte said about her selling the fight was just a rumor?"

"Who do you think started that rumor?" Nadine smirked at him.

"You? I thought it was bad for business."

"Sometimes."

"Well, I guess you don't know everything," Kevin said. "Because your girl looks like she's about to die."

In the ring, the giant futa was on the floor, head between her hands. Above her, Big Daddy was raining punches. He took a step back, and Kevin thought he was showing good sportsmanship, allowing her to stand, but then Big Daddy kicked her stomach, hard.

"He's gonna kill her," Kevin shouted.

"She's tougher than you think."

Kevin stared at the ring's clock, there was still a full minute to the round's end. "Jesus, that's brutal."

Madam Hulk crawled and tried to get up, but got a massive kick to her chest. Kevin was sure that a kick like that would snap him in two. The futa girl collapsed back to the ground and stayed there, protecting her head.

"Bitch, I'm gonna teach you to be a bottom," Big Daddy pulled down his pants and the groin protector and took out his cock. "I'm gonna turn you out."

"Can he do that?" Kevin said.

"Make Cecilia a bottom?" Nadine laughed. "He can sooner make a lion go vegetarian."

"I meant, can he take out his penis and do it?"

"Just a bit of showmanship."

Big Daddy bent over the defeated girl, his tool exposed.

A chant rose up from the bloodthirsty crowd.

"Do it!"

"Do it!"

"Do it!"

"Are you sure it's just for show?" Kevin didn't want to see a rape, but he couldn't keep his eyes off the perverted scene. The giant girl suddenly turned. Faster than a blink she whirled and sent a massive punch at the exposed crotch.

There were a few seconds of utter silence, and then the mountain of a man collapsed like a demolished high rise.

"You said something about me not knowing everything?" Nadine smirked.

"Never again."

"Okay, there will be some furious people concerning this," she said. "I need to go and talk to a few people to clear the atmosphere. Wait for me right here, sweetie. I'll pick you up soon."

--------

The underground arena was almost empty. An old guy was cleaning a dubious stain on the ring's floor, and a girl was turning off the screens at the bookie's booth. Someone started turning off the lights at the far end, and Kevin asked himself if he should go out or wait for Nadine. He checked his phone. There were no calls from Diana. He tried to reach her, but her mobile was off.

"You there. Kevin, right? What are you still doing here?"

He turned around. It was the slim futa from the bookie's booth, Brigitte. "Have you seen Nadine?" He said.

"She's probably at the after party. Come. I'll take you there."

"She told me to wait here."

Brigitte gave him a look that made his balls shrink. Her gray eyes were unblinking, like a hawk that had zeroed in on a dove.

"I'll go with you," he said.

She took his hand in hers. Her touch was light and cold, but he could feel the iron in her grip.

Kevin had to run to keep up with her. She was silent, and he didn't dare to disturb that silence. From time to time he stole a peek at her. Brigitte was pretty, by any standard. But it was a sharp kind of beauty. Sharp nose, sharp chin, willowy form. She was beautiful like a masterfully shaped Katana can be beautiful.

"You're a pretty little thing," she suddenly said.

It took Kevin a few seconds to understand that she was talking to him because she wasn't looking at him when she initiated the conversation. "Sorry?"

"You're a local boy?"

"What do you mean?"

"Are you stupid?" She stopped and stared at him with her lifeless eyes.

Kevin said nothing. He wasn't sure if it wasn't a rhetorical question.

"You are a local boy. It's a refreshing change. Not that it matters that much, but sometimes I like to talk with the person I take to my bed. All those little Chinese and Ukrainian boys, it's like fucking a dumb animal."

Kevin decided that the second she let go of his hand, he'd run like hell. It didn't matter that he had no clue where he was

Brigitte took him through a corridor, going from the arena and into a small training room.

The room had wall to wall blue mattresses, several boxing bags, and gymnastic rings. Two boxers sparred in a corner, one was hitting a bag, and everyone else grunted 'hey' as they entered. Sitting on a stool in the middle of the room was Madam Hulk. The giant futa's massive thighs were spread. Between her legs, a chunky young guy of African heritage was kissing her cock. She was proportional all over, and it meant that her one-eyed monster was indeed a monster. The guy took pride in his work. He slurped and made obscene feminine purrs as his lips kissed her massive head, using lips that could be described only as generous.

Behind Madam Hulk, an older guy stood and was kneading her shoulders. She turned her head and kissed him on the lips for his efforts. Her other hand lovingly caressed the hair of the guy pleasuring her.

The big hard black cock slid between the boy's girly lips, immediately stuffing them open to their widest possible girth. They were wet and shiny with a smooth gloss, forming a lubricated fuck-hole for her swollen dick. The giant futa began sawing it back and forth inside the warm mouth, using quick little strokes. The cocksucker started emitting monotonous 'Glmmmph' sounds.

The giant futa spat an ice cube that she was munching into a bucket. "Yo, Boss, I told you there ain't gonna be a fifth round. Did I K.O. his ass or what?"

Brigitte shrugged.

"I knew the braindead motherfucker was gonna pull down his balls shield if he thought that I'm out."

Her hands were now holding the head of the young man fixed, as she bucked her hips and dick in and out of his mouth. Her black cock was swollen steel and pumping away between the shiny pink fuck-mouth. The wet, slurping sounds were non-stop now. On every other stroke, her shaft pulled back enough for her big black mushroom head to almost pull out before she would thrust it back in. Saliva and pre-cum had created a gooey mess around the boy's lips, and it was dripping off his chin to the blue mattress.

"People lost a lot of money today," Brigitte said. "The word on the street was that the fight was fixed."

"The championship? That's insane, Boss."

"Maybe."

"Who's your little friend?"

"This is Kevin. Nadine brought him."

Kevin was inching towards an open window. He thought he could jump out the minute everyone's eyes were elsewhere. He realized that he should have done it already.

"That bitch sure has an eye for beautiful sluts." Without a word of warning, Cecilia, AKA Madam Hulk, rose up from her seat. Her cock went out of the guy's mouth with an obscene slurp. She plodded over to where Kevin stood and lifted his chin in a bear paw, staring down at him. She had blonde hair and deep blue eyes, a common futanari gene manifestation and a mesmerizing contrast to her obsidian skin. "Where the hell did this angel come from?" she said.

Kevin tried to step back, but he had more chance winning a tug-of-war with an elephant than escaping the grip of this woman.

Her giant dong dangled between her muscled thighs when she moved. It was slick with the saliva of the guy she dropped. "Wow," she said. "Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?"

Kevin wanted to ask if there was a clichés book that every futanari quoted from, but decided against angering this lady. She was a change of skin color away from being the real She-Hulk.

Hooking her thumbs under his arms, she picked him up in the air like a ragdoll and kissed his lips tenderly, then forced his lips open with her tongue. Kevin tasted the sharp sting of vodka. She then lowered him but kept holding his hand. "And I thought that I would be going to the after-party once I kicked Billy Boy's ass tonight. New plan. You and me, baby," she winked at Kevin. "We're going to my place, and we're going to burn the sheets until there are cracks in the walls."

"No, we're not," Kevin finally found his voice.

"Of, course we are,' she growled. "Don't you wanna do it with the new champion?"

"No."

"Of course you do."

"Let go of me!"

"You wanna play the coy virgin? We can do that."

"Back off, Cecilia, you're scaring him." Someone said in a stern voice. Kevin almost cried with relief. It was Nadine.

"I didn't know he was yours, Nadine."

"He's not. And you, I told you to wait for me to pick you up. Was that so complicated?"

"Let me take him, just for a short ride." The giant futanari winked.

"He ain't a Lace Boy. Kevin is a guest. Behave!" The last word was barked, and to Kevin's surprise the giant girl took a step back and raised her hands, palms up.

"Just fooling around, Nadine. Didn't mean to start no shit."

Nadine gave her a cold stare. "Five minutes without adult supervision and you girls start to behave like rabid animals foaming at the dick."

"Your guest just pulled a runner, baby," Brigitte said.

"What?"

The slim futanari motioned towards the open window. Kevin was nowhere in sight.

"Fuck!"

--------

Helen thought about Kevin's words, that he'd seen nothing she should be embarrassed about in her letters. "I never had a boyfriend," she said to Dennis and immediately felt relieved because the earth didn't swallow her.

Dennis didn't make a surprised face; he just nodded, for which she was grateful.

"I was always very insecure because... Well, you know how it is when it comes to a girl like me. You get burned one time too many, and at an early stage I decided that the heartache just wasn't worth it."

"So, you never had a boyfriend?"

"No. Not really."

"But you've decided that you want to have one."

"Very much," she was proud that her voice didn't tremble. "I need someone in my life. I'm... I guess I am very lonely."

"It shouldn't be like that, Helen. You deserve better."

"I hope I do," she gave a nervous laugh.

"That's where I come in." Dennis reached with his hand across the table and closed it around hers. "That's exactly the service I supply."

She liked the fact that he didn't make her feel like a freak for being twenty-nine with a history of zero relationships, but most of all she loved his hand in hers. "I would like that."

"If you want then we can even make it an exclusive relationship," he said.

"Sorry?"

"Exclusive," he said. "You'll be my only client. I have done it several times over the years."

"What do you mean by a client?"

"For the service I give."

"What service?"

"Exactly the one you seek. That's my specialty."

The darkness that hounded her crawled up her throat. "What?"

"I had many clients like you, over the years."

"What do you mean, 'clients like me'?"

"Futanari businesswomen."

"Clients?" Her voice trembled. "So, you're like what? Working for an escort service?"

"I work for no one but myself, and you make it sound cheap. Escort services are about sex. I can supply that too, whenever you feel the need. But I also supply the full emotional experience."

"For money?"

"Helen, don't be offended. That's hardly my intention."

"Why...?"

"Why? I don't like to offend women, that's why."

Helen laughed because the situation was suddenly absurdly insane. "No. Why didn't you say anything?"

"Say?"

"Don't you think you should have mentioned it in your message?"

"Helen, you're taking this the wrong way."

"You should have stated that you're offering the full emotional experience for twenty ninety-nine an hour and that you're willing to supersize me an exclusive relationship for fifty."

"Look," he placed his hand over his heart. "I came here in good faith."

"I came here to find, maybe, the love of my life, and you came for a business meeting."

"The love of your life? Are you like five year old? There's no such thing."

"Maybe." She choked.

"I supply a much better solution. The best relationship you'll ever experience."

"You mean a fake relationship."

"I'm always available. I will always perform in bed to your utter satisfaction. I'll never be impatient, and I'll never complain or try to hurt you. I will always be a ready shoulder you can cry on."

"Unless you're with another satisfied customer."

"If you'll supply me with accommodations and a decent monthly budget, there won't be another customer."

Helen noticed that he was still holding her hand and she pulled off as if she discovered she had been holding a cobra all this time. "Did you...? Did you already pick the apartment you would like to be accommodated in? Because I wouldn't be surprised. Do... Do you really like science fiction books and classic movies?"

"I enjoy classic science fiction."

"Name me a single book written by Philip K. Dick," she said.

"That's... Look, it's not about how many books I-" He tried to place his hand over hers, but she drew it back.

"So, you only said you like science fiction, in your message because you figured it's what I wanted to hear. I guess the joke is on me. Haha."

"Helen, I had a very satisfying and exclusive two-year relationship with a futa girl who had a similar condition."

"Similar condition?"

"She was in a wheelchair. Polio."

"Awesome. So, you're comparing my injury to hers. You've seen one handicapped girl, you've seen them all." She lowered her voice because she noticed some people at a nearby table looking at them curiously. "This is what you do? Search for futa girls online who seem desperate enough?"

"If I recall, you contacted me, Helen."

"I never dreamed that you're... I don't mean for a moment to belittle that poor girl or what she'd been through to make her that desperate, but I don't feel like I'm there yet. I'm twenty-nine, Dennis, a year younger than you if we believe that what you wrote about your age isn't as fake as the relationship you're selling."

"And now you're trying to insult me. Very classy."

"I'm trying to find the hidden camera, because if this isn't some cruel candid camera prank, then I'll probably lose it in a minute." She gulped the rest of the martini in one go. "Thanks for the offer, Dennis, but no thanks."

"You're almost thirty, Helen, and you're naive if you think there's a white knight in shining armor waiting for you."

"I'll settle for someone nice, who kisses me goodbye when he goes to work because he wants to and not because I pay him to."

"You're deluding yourself, and you'll only get hurt."

"So, you're saying that my only way to get someone to love me is by paying him by the hour? I don't think I'm going to buy a pencil from your cup, buddy."

His smile disappeared. "And the fact that you're nearly thirty and never had a relationship doesn't ring any alarm bells?"

She gave a sharp intake of breath. "That's... That's simply amazing, Dennis. Taking something that had me enlist every ounce of inner strength to admit, and using it against me. What happened to, 'I'll never try to hurt you?' Was that just part of the sales' pitch?"

"I've met futanari like you, Helen," he smiled again, but that smile held mostly contempt. "Girls who think the world owes them something. I hope when you finally wake up it wouldn't be because of a hard fall."

"You know, Dennis, when you're not acting because you're not getting paid, and the real you surfaces, you're an asshole."

"Nice one." He rose. "Good luck with your Prince Charming quest. You'll need luck; tons of it."

"You are an asshole."

"At least I'm not an ugly one-eyed cyclops freak play-acting as a real girl."

She wanted to wipe the smile off his face with a punch, but people knew her in the restaurant, and she didn't want to make a scene. After he left, she paid for the drinks with a hundred-dollar bill she had in her purse, and ran outside, not waiting for the change. A sudden summer storm caught her and everyone in the street by surprise. Blue lightning zigzagged across the dark sky, car alarms panicked because of the thundering booms, and the rain started drumming on the pier. People in T-shirts and flip-flops scrambled for cover, some of them staring curiously at the tall futa girl that marched unfazed by the pouring rain. Helen was very proud of herself because she only started crying once she got into her car.

------

Kevin ran through the corridors, opening doors, trying to retrace his steps. He managed to get to the upper level of the mansion. The Iron Gate was locked, but Kevin could climb like a monkey, and it didn't offer a real challenge. He heard voices coming his way and hid in a small closet room, shivering. The sounds drew closer and then went away. He was creating a little puddle on the floor. A sudden summer storm caught him outside, and now he was drenched.

Kevin opened another door at the end of a hallway and found himself in the long dining room. Great. Nadine and Diana went into that room; she's probably nearby. He just wanted to pick up his crazy girlfriend and put as much distance between himself and this insane place.

He heard a throaty cry from somewhere beyond the room.

"Diana?"

No one answered.

Kevin went back to the corridor he came from. There were several doors along the wall. He tried the first door on his left and it opened to a big bedroom with a queen-sized bed. It took him time to discern that it was his girlfriend on that bed, because what was happening between the satin sheets resembled a mystical beast with three heads.

One of the little French maids panted on all fours, his back was arched, and his bubbly buttocks raised high in the air. He still wore his slutty outfit, but he pulled the dress up to his hips. Behind him, Diana, naked, pounded his starfish, doggy style. Her cock was slick with saliva as it went in and out of the tight orifice. Behind her on his knees, stood the twin French Maid. His hands held to Diana's slim hips, and his face was buried in her ass. He was slurping and licking her up and down, inserting his tongue inside her tunnel. His ass was wet, and a narrow stream of milky white cum was dribbling out in a small rivulet.

Diana pushed the boy she was pounding until his head sank down. She altered the angle and started pumping the naked ass almost vertically. Diana was brutal. Kevin always thought she was hard on him in bed, but now he realized she was holding back when it came to pounding his ass. Her hips went up and down, like a machine, making 'phut, phut' sounds as she hammered the hell out of the skinny boy.

The three of them were with their backs to Kevin, but the young man in charge of the rim-job couldn't keep up with her, so he turned his head. He saw Kevin staring at them, mouth agape, and smiled at him.

"Where the fuck did you go?" Diana snarled and reached behind her, grabbing the boy's silky hair, pulling him forward. He reached out with his tongue, but she kept tugging on his ponytail, and he could do nothing but walk forward on all fours.

"Tired already, you little pussy?" Diana said. She pushed him forward until she aligned his ass with the ass of his twin. Kevin's girlfriend then pulled out off one orifice and stuck her dick in the second one. Her hand pressed deeply into the free hole before it closed, she buried her thumb there to the hilt.

"Ahhh," the boy grunted and started moving his hips. He was apparently enjoying the assault on his rectum.

"I'm gonna fuck you both!" Diana growled.

Diana followed the boy's motions, or maybe he was following hers. She drew partway out as he rocked forward and then drove all the way home when he pushed back. He gave a little grunt each time she bottomed out, apparently lost in the sensations. All this time Diana kept pounding his twin. Her cock made squishy sounds inside his cum filled rectum, and he answered with a high moan each time she pushed.

Diana pulled on an exposed nipple and squeezed it hard. She received a happy squeal for her effort. The little dick of the boy Diana was pounding ran freely, juices flowing down his slim legs. She stopped hammering for a moment, and the boy started rotating his pelvis back into her. He was like a bitch in heat, craving her cock. He was twisting his hips to mash his ass against her. His moans got shorter and higher in pitch, and it was obvious he was close to a massive orgasm. Diana pushed hard, her heavy balls slapping against the bare ass, and the boy shrieked into the sheet. A few more bucks of his hips and his body went rigid. His tiny cock started spraying the bed with droplets of white milk.

Kevin closed the door silently and went back to the living room, sat down on the bean bag and buried his head in his hands.

"Here you are," he heard a sigh of relief.

"Here I am, Nadine," he said quietly.

"I looked all over for you. Why did you run off?" He felt strong arms encircling him, and he was pulled into the embrace of a soft body. "Jesus, you're soaking wet. You'll catch a cold like that." She didn't let go of his shivering body despite the fact that she was dry.

"Why did I run off? Dunno? Maybe I'm not used to giant women who say that they are going to rape me?"

"Fuck! I'm so sorry about that, but I did tell you to wait for me. You should have said so to Brigitte."

"I tried but then she looked at me with those dead eyes, and I decided I liked my body just the way it is; breathing oxygen. "

"She can be intimidating."

"How are you two even related?"

"She's..." Nadine hesitated. "She's an associate, and she owns parts of this mansion. She's an accountant of sorts."

"Really? 'Cause I guessed that she's in charge of public executions."

Nadine kissed his hair. "I'm so sorry. I should have taken you with me. Is that why you're crying?"

"I'm not crying; something got stuck in my eye, that's all."

"What happened then?"

"You happened, Nadine. My stupid girlfriend happened. My stinking life happened."

"Hey," Nadine nibbled his neck. She smelled of cigarettes but also something sweet that made him think of a faraway land. "It can't be all that bad."

"Really? I'm living with a narcissistic bitch because I can't pay rent to her sister."

"Why can't you pay?"

"Because I have to give almost everything I earn to my dad. He owes money to the wrong people. People like you, Nadine. The bank wouldn't give him a loan, so he borrowed money on the black market to save the family business. And now if I won't send him money every month, they'll mess him up and take everything he owns."

"Ouch."

"Yeah, ouch. And my girlfriend is back in there having a threesome."

"You saw that?"

"And it hurts. I thought that I wouldn't give a crap, but Diana always says that she's crazy about me, and sometimes I almost believe her. But then she does this," he pointed to the door leading into the bedroom," with your blessing."

"She asked to do this, Kevin, don't put this one on me."

"She says she loves me, but whenever Diana does shit like that, I realize that all she cares about is her selfish self. The funniest thing about it is that she goes apeshit if she even thinks that I'm looking at another girl."

"Yeah, she can be like that," Nadine whispered in his ear.

"I guessed it when you said that she had to do something. I'm not stupid, Nadine. I'm just not used to people treating other people like you and her do."

"Hey, that's hardly fair." She nibbled his neck again. "I'm nothing like her."

"I know that I'm an adult now and that I'm supposed to own my shit. But nobody told me that life is about constant misery."

"Sometimes it feels that way," Nadine kissed his forehead. "But life is not always shit. Think harder. When was the last time you were happy?"

"I dunno. When I worked as a cook at my mother's restaurant, I guess. I was a great cook. Everyone said so. I loved everything about that place. My mom always told me that I made her proud, even when I messed things up. I was happy then."

"Can't you go back?"

"No. No going back." Kevin opened his eyes. Nadine's mesmerizing eyes were centimeters from his, and he felt her hot breath on his lips. "My life is like a massive knot, and I have no idea how to even start and untie everything. It's a big fucking mess."

"I'm sorry that I can't offer any insightful words other than 'This too shall pass.'" She started to unbutton his shirt. "But I can offer a clean towel and a dryer."

"Yeah, very subtle, Nadine."

"Sweetie, I'm nothing like Diana. I won't take anything that you don't want to give."

"Sure. You're a saint."

"I won't pretend that I don't want to. Any girl who says that about you is a liar. But I just want to make sure you don't catch pneumonia."

"Okay." Kevin took off his shirt.

"Wow. A tight body too with a perfect six pack. But of course, you couldn't just have a paunch could you?" She bit down her lower lip. "You have no idea how much I envy Diana right now. I need to keep my distance," she rose, walked out of the room and returned a minute later with a blanket that she threw towards him. "Take everything off; I'll put it in a dryer." She took his wet clothes, while he wrapped himself in the wooly blanket. She left the room and returned a moment later with a tall cup. "Hot chocolate?"

"Thanks."

She sat down beside him and watched him as he sipped. "Feeling a little better?"

"Yeah, thanks." He kissed her cheek. "You're the nicest Mafiosi that I've ever met."

Nadine laughed.

Kevin kissed her full lips. It wasn't an innocent kiss. He lingered, biting her lower lip, pulling it gently.

She stared at him with a raised eyebrow. He tried kissing her again but was at once halted by a gentle yet firm finger at his lips. His lips brushed the fingertip gently, leaving Nadine with an unquenchable desire.

"Stop!" she said.

Kevin shrugged. "I suddenly realized that my life is shit because I'm always myself. If I am more like Diana, do whatever the fuck I want and to hell with the consequences, then I might not be miserable all the time."

"No." She caressed his cheek. "The best part of you, Kevin, is not the way you look. Don't ever change that."

"I thought you wanted me."

"I don't think I ever wanted someone as much as I do right now. But I told you I wouldn't take anything that you don't want to give, and I meant it."

"I wanted to feel your lips."

Her lips brushed ever so softly against his, and Kevin felt that maybe life was not all that bad. She was softness and need. Her lips parted, and Kevin introduced his tongue to her mouth. Nadine had the sharp taste of cigarettes, but that too was her. Softness and toughness, a touch of good and a touch of cruelty.

Running on pure desire alone, Kevin brought Nadine's hand to his mouth. With palm facing him, he brushed his lips and the tip of his nose against it. He felt the arm tense. Teeth then followed the trail of his lips, raking across the palm.

"Ooh, Kevin." She moaned. Her other arm went around him, and she trapped his slim body against the bean bag. He instinctively wrapped his legs around Nadine's waist. Teeth grazed the flesh of his neck, and then a hot tongue followed its path.

"You do make me feel good."

Her hand tangled through his locks, encouraging him. His body was on fire. Their lips met in a dance of seduction and dominance. When they broke to breathe again, she picked him up in strong arms and laid his naked body on the couch, pulling the blanket over them both.

As Kevin leaned forward to capture her lips again, she halted the young man's advance with a hand planted on Kevin's chest. She reached down between their bodies. Her hand then slipped to cup his sex.

"I'm gonna make you scream," she whispered.

Kevin found himself pinned to the couch. A large firm hand on his shoulder held him in place while the other played with his stiff cock. His heart thumped rapidly with a mix of shock and need. Blunt fingernails raked down his stomach, touched his rear, and between his thighs, making his body tremble with excitement. He felt the hot breath in his ear, "You want me?"

He nodded, too stunned to speak. The sex was nothing like sex with Diana. Not a different level, but an entirely different experience.

His lips were seized in a conquering kiss, and he almost came when her tongue licked his palate. Nadine's lips against his, forceful, pressed his head into the soft couch. Her tongue, slippery and silky, pushed into his mouth. Her hand pinched his right nipple, then twisted. He felt one thigh, between his own, and the throbbing of her iron hard massive cock. His knees raised, almost unconsciously, and his hands went to her generous chest as he caressed the soft mounds.

"You like them?"

"Aha."

She rose and took off her suit and her top. Kevin touched the black lacy bra; it was a new experience too. Nadine turned around. "Open it for me."

He tried but couldn't find the latch. His hands frantically searched the fabric.

"Problems, sweetie?"

"I've never opened a bra before. Diana never wears a bra."

Nadine laughed, reached behind her long back and opened it for him. Her chest was on display; her skin was soft caramel, her tits large and oval, her nipples brown and erect.

Kevin cupped the left tit.

"Don't just touch them."

A guttural groan spilled forth when her nipple was consumed by a hot wet mouth. She caressed Kevin's hair and then pulled him tighter on her breast. His other hand kneaded her other mound.

Nadine whispered sweet encouragement in his ears. "Baby, you're so hot, your mouth is so sweet."

Too soon she pushed him back down. Kevin moaned his protest. She planted a soft kiss on his chest. Her lips touched his stomach, and her tongue licked his skin. She kissed one nipple, then licked and trailed her way down his toned stomach with tender kisses. When she reached his bellybutton, she dipped her tongue inside it, and Kevin went a little crazy. He suddenly felt her hot breath on his sex, and his cock jumped like a brave soldier.

She pursed her lips and blew hot air again. A second later Kevin felt the tip of her velvet tongue slaloming on his cock.

Kevin raised his head, eyes round, and stared between his legs.

"What?" Nadine said.

"N... Nothing."

"What? Diana never gives you head?"

"Of course, she does."



"When?"

"Sometimes."

"Liar. You forget that we were a couple. She's all about taking."

Kevin nodded.

"Why do you think that I kicked her sorry ass? She's hot as fuck, but she never gives anything back, everything is about her. I'll show you something else."

Her soft lips were on his stiff member, and she kissed it with her luscious lips.

Kevin moaned and closed his eyes.

She nipped him playfully, forcing his member to jump like a rabbit. "Do you know what you smell like, sweetie? Like a little piece of heaven. Girls like me go crazy around you. It's a gift." She bit playfully on the head of his cock, and Kevin jerked.

Nadine frolicked in Kevin, slithering a curious tongue into the slit of his cock, burrowing inside. Her nails raked across his chest and stomach. Her other hand cupped his balls and played with them gently. She licked between his thighs, every crevice, popping both balls inside her mouth and sucking like a lollipop.

"I'm gonna-."

"Wait. Breathe in. Make it last."

She licked to the sides and above of his cock. Then, her lips took the head, and she swallowed his entire member. Kevin opened his eyes, blinking. Nadine's lips were touching his pubes, and his hard cock was having the time of his life, deep inside her loving mouth.

Nadine's eyes caught him, and she winked. He felt her push down, his cock went down her throat, and still she pushed. Her lips made wet sounds as they stretched and swallowed his balls. Slowly she gobbled it all. She gulped, and her throat massaged his cock, pressing the spongy head in a grip that was pure ecstasy.

Kevin's eyes crossed, and everything got a little blurry.

A minute later he was still breathing hard on his back, staring at the ceiling. Nadine held him in her arms and kissed his neck tenderly.

"I had no idea," he said.

"What, sweetie?"

"That sex can be this amazing."

"I'll tell you a secret that Diana will never understand. There's a virtue in giving." She gobbled his ear and sucked on it then released it and whispered. "Right now, the look on your face. Priceless."

"Thank you," he said.

"You're most welcome."

"Do you want me to...? You know."

"If I did it only to get a reward from your sweet little mouth, then it's not really giving, is it?"

He turned to her then buried himself in her warmth. Hugging her tight to his body and breathing her in. They both enjoyed the comforting touch for a while.

"Nadine?"

"Yes, sweetie?"

"Can I ask you a personal question?"

"Probably not."

"That picture you have on the wall, of you wearing a white burka."

She stopped kissing him. "That's not a burka; it's a wedding dress and a hijab. The photograph was taken on my wedding day."

"You're married?"

"Was. For ten minutes; a long time ago."

He pulled back and stared at her.

"My husband found out that I have a cock on our wedding night and beat me with a baseball bat; I almost passed out."

"What?" Kevin rose up. "How come he didn't know you're a futanari?"

"There aren't so many futa girls where I come from. Or maybe there are, but they're kept a secret. My sister and I were a shameful family secret. There are doctors there, that when they see a girl with the futa gene manifestation, they often kill the fetus with the parents' consent. Sometimes futa babies just disappear."

"That's horrific."

"It is. My family was rich enough and modern enough to keep Iman and me alive. I was sixteen when I married. I met my future husband, and we fell in love. I was so innocent that I thought that my extra male parts wouldn't matter. My parents never prepared me for the harsh reality of real life; they just assumed I worked it out with my future husband. So, on my wedding night, in bed, my husband discovered the secret, and he was so furious that he tried beating me to death. I almost fainted, but I did manage to hit back. I sent him straight to the ER."

"Good for you. Sounds like a real asshole."

Nadine sighed. "Hardly good for anyone. I damaged his spine. He became a cripple, and my family had to compensate his family. But far worse, my dad decided that he didn't want Iman to suffer the same fate as I did. He wanted to operate her; make her a full woman. She was only three."

"What?"

"Yeah, that sort of thing exists too. I've seen futa girls who've gone under the scalpel. Terrible. So I stole a lot of money from my family, kidnapped my little sister, and ran away to this country."

Kevin gave her a tender kiss on her lips because he felt it was the right thing to do.

"But I learned that money eventually runs out. And then I learned what it's like to go an entire day with nothing to eat but what you can find in trashcans. And I didn't have any education or a vocation, so I chose..." She shrugged. "You know what I chose. Seventeen years later, here I am, in a mansion, holding a beautiful sweet boy whose smell is making me crazy."

Kevin touched her cheek tenderly. "I want to make you feel good too, Nadine."

"You do, Sweetie. You already did."

"No."

His hands stroked down Nadine's belly, went down and settled on the button of her pants. He manipulated the button and zip. Nadine arched her hips. Her tailored pants slid down and off. She wore black lacy panties, matching the bra, it was wet with the juices of her desire. Her massive snake was hard, stiff and lusting. The elastic band couldn't contain it.

Kevin saw the pulse in Nadine's massive cock, and blew his soft breath on it. It heaved like an animal and a drop of pre materialized at the slit of the plump head. Nadine moaned, then wiggled out of her panties.

"Wow," he said. "How big is it?"

"Almost ten inches."

"Wow." He had an initial taste, just his lips on the big head, his tongue slipping out to meet the shaft. The salty-sweet fluid erupted on his palate. She was wet. Kevin closed his eyes and opened his mouth, as wide as possible, taking the fleshy organ inside, bobbing on it twice.

"Nice." Nadine gulped. "Please, Kevin..."

Kevin took it in again, allowing the sweet, wet sounds of fellatio to fill the room.

Nadine closed her eyes and bit her lip.

He scooted down a little further, lassoing her scrotum with his tongue. He sucked her massive testicles in gently, first one, then the other, caressing the thick, smooth skin with his tongue, spitting them out and sucking them in again, all the while stroking her.

He felt her rise, and an electric charge shot through Kevin's body as Nadine's fingers nonchalantly slipped into his crack, brushing the soft, sparse hair inside and grazing his anus. He wished she'd do it again.

"Like?" Her long fingers caressed the golden spikes on his head.

"Nadine."

"What, sweetie?"

"I want you to put it in me."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah. I want... I want you to fuck me."

"Really?"

Kevin stepped off the couch and onto the carpet. He spun to face away from her, then stuck his ass out seductively, in a way that always made Diana go crazy.

"Wow, Kevin, you're one story twist after another."

"I want to give back. There's a virtue to it." He closed his eyes and smiled. "Be gentle."

"Oh, baby, I will. But not like that. I want to see your face."

Kevin rose up, and they kissed deeply, then she rolled him over on the couch, face up, under her caramel body.

"Spread your legs for me, Baby."

He did. He was very flexible.

"Nice. Just lube. Don't be alarmed."

She drizzled something over a finger, then slid it down to tease his opening. He squirmed under her, fighting to get her finger in his ass. She smiled when she saw his eagerness. Instead of impaling him, she held her finger still to let him spear himself. Kevin moaned, then jacked his ass up, and the long finger slid inside his tunnel with ease. Kevin started rocking his hips, pumping her finger back and forth.

Nadine pushed her finger and twisted it. Kevin moaned and jerked his ass. He cried with lust when she bottomed inside him. The other hand palmed his ass possessively. She let him hump her finger like that for some time and then withdrew with a slurp. Kevin whimpered. Everything this woman did caused his body to sing.

Nadine drizzled more lube on two fingers now and moved them back to his opening. More gently this time, she let him squirm against them and slowly drew them inside.

"Relax baby. Slowly. Let me."

She felt him relax and push out. Her fingers moved inward, and she paused, backed out slightly, then let him draw them inside again. A few minutes later she was buried all the way in.

"I... I want..." he huffed.

"Patience, sweetie pie. You said gently. That's me taking it slow."

Again, she let Kevin thrust and hump her fingers, while she gently twisted her fingers inside his sphincter. His lithe body squirmed under her and his palms clenched and unclenched.

"Are you ready for me to get inside you, baby?"

"Yeah..." He gulped. "No. I don't know."

"Still intimidated? It's big, I know, and some boys don't like it. It's okay if we'll stop with just the fingers."

To her surprise Kevin drew his knees forward and pulled them all the way to his chest, hiking his ass into the air with her fingers still buried inside. "I want all of you," he said.

The sight made her almost go mad with lust. She got the head of her monster positioned at his entrance. He sighed and slowly pushed himself up. The spongy head bumped into the outer rim, and Kevin shuddered. She had bigger girth than Diana. She added lube and used her cock to smear it around his tight little ring.

"Shh... baby, relax."

She bumped her member against his ring a little more and then started pushing.

"Oh," Kevin moaned

He could feel the cold lube on her cock as she started to push the beast head into his tight rectum. It hurt. He was still having trouble handling Diana, and Nadine was a tight fit. But as she pushed he could feel the enormous head digging its way past his sphincter muscle and opening him up.

"Should I stop, sweetie?"

"No. It's Okay."

He saw a bead of sweat traveling from her neck, between her beautiful breasts, all the way down to her stomach. She kept pushing into him. He felt the head open up his outer sphincter, then the pressure from the inner ring.

Nadine stopped, pulled back and tried again.

His ring flexed slowly, letting more of the big head inside. Kevin pushed again as he did with her fingers, and suddenly, like a wave, the head of her cock was lodged in him.

Nadine stared down at him and smiled. She paused to let him adjust to the new sensations; then she started rocking her hips little by little, pushing deeper and then pulling back. The pressure was immense; her cock stretched him and reached places that were virgin ground before.

Nadine was in heaven. His tunnel was a furnace, enveloping her cock in heat and pressure. She watched as her cock slowly but inevitably sank into him.

That wasn't fast enough for Kevin. He hooked his legs around her waist and etched his heels in the soft pillows of her ass, drawing her inside him until her immense balls rested on his cheeks.

"This feels so good," she breathed, then claimed his lips in a tender kiss. They lay like that for several minutes, holding each other, her warm body on his, and her huge cock buried in his silky tunnel, his legs around her waist, pulling.

"How do you feel?" She said.

"Full."

She smiled.

"But good. Real good. You're beautiful," Kevin said.

"Which part?"

"The eyes. The rest too," Kevin said. "You're a beautiful woman."

"Jesus, Kevin, I just realized how dangerous you are."

"What did I do?"

"You're addictive. I'm afraid that you're like blow. I'll have to get a hit tomorrow, or I'll suffer withdrawal."

He gasped so softly, his breath warm against her skin as she pushed forward, playing with her length, stirring his owned hole.

His arms locked around her head and he pulled her into a deep kiss as she started breeding him. Nadine flexed her hips, withdrawing just a little and then pushed. She was gentle but unrelenting, setting a slow rhythm. Not shifting gears up, not slowing down either. Her cock was devouring new ground in his ass. Her massive spear scraped the walls of his tunnel and lust consumed him. His cock was trapped between them, and the friction sent him over the edge.

Kevin made a feminine moan and felt the familiar sticky warm wetness spreading between their bodies. He dug his nails in her bottom, shivered and moaned as he came, but Nadine didn't slow her attack. His body, beneath her, was moving in synch. Jumping each time, she bottomed inside him.

Nadine devoured him in a loving kiss that took forever. Lips conquering, tongues wrestling, their bodies were pressed together, damp with sweat. Kevin spread his legs for her, accommodating her, inviting her to take him completely.

She didn't fuck him, they made love, and Kevin learned that night the difference between the two. He wondered if sex with Diana would ever feel good again.

The roles were obvious. Nadine was the dominating partner, and he at her mercy. He was mated in like a female, on his back, with his lover between his legs, plowing his tight hole.

Her cock bred his slick tunnel. He was tight as a virgin and his ass milked her, massaging her cock. She moaned and took his lips, time and time again. Hot kisses, heavy with passion. They both played, exploring and testing. She was the master and he the eager student, but he gained confidence with every second.

She licked the sweat from his forehead and neck. He sucked on her tit. She tasted his ear. He etched his fingers in her soft ass. She licked her fingers and inserted them into his mouth, making him suck like a baby.

Each time he did something that pleased her she kissed his lips or smiled happily. There were no demeaning 'good boy' cries like Diana did. He felt like a partner, a lover in a sexy dance, and not a sex toy.

All this time she kept moving, plowing, and he kept receiving her.

The room was alive with the sounds of mating. Nadine's hot breathing, and his soft feminine moans. Body moving, skin scraping skin.

She could feel that he was close again because his rectum twitched around her cock. She rotated her pelvis harder, striking his prostate and sending him over the edge.

Kevin made another delightful girly sound and came again. His legs closed tightly around her hips. His eyes rolled, and his mouth twisted funnily. The sight almost sent her too off the cliff.

It took him longer to recover this time. When focus returned, he saw Nadine above him. Smiling. But her eyes were closed, and she breathed in deep. He realized she was battling orgasm.

"Why..." he huffed. "Why aren't you moving?" He said.

"I don't want this to end."

"I want you to cum too."

"I want it to last longer. Till 2030 if it's possible." Nadine moaned. She then stood up on her knees. Her cock was still etched deep inside his loving ass. She pulled his legs and rested them on her shoulders. Giving each calf a loving kiss, she started thrusting again. This position was more about her and her cock, as it made wet sound going in and out of his ass. She lengthened her thrusts and quickened the tempo. But she didn't forget about him. Her hand grabbed his cock, and she pumped it with every thrust. Each time she bottomed she hit his tight bottom, and the slaps of skin against skin joined the sex orchestra.

Nadine kept a steady rhythm for several minutes but then gasped and stopped. She breathed hard and her face contorted. Kevin realized that she was fighting orgasm yet again.

"Hey, I want you to cum," he said.

"I was serious about 2030."

"I can make you," he rotated his ass.

"You can't," she huffed. "My will is made of stainless steel. No one can make me cum but me."

Kevin reached out behind her, and his hand found the large smooth balls. He caressed them, and his finger slipped by mistake to the small crevice that was hidden under them. Diana never let him touch her there, but he felt bolder with Nadine. He parted the lips and a finger slipped inside. It wiggled and bumped against her clitoris. That was enough.

Nadine felt an electric shock, as both her male and female genitalia exploded together. Her vagina gave a spasm around his finger, and her balls drew back. She gave a few quick thrusts and her cock and juice rocketed, deep inside his tight body.

Nadine collapsed on top of Kevin, completely spent. They lay there contentedly for a long time, panting from the exertion. Kevin reveled in the sexual awakening that had just transpired. He hooked his arms around her and started nuzzling the crevice in her long neck.

"Kevin, don't ever change," Nadine said

-------

"Diana?" Kevin said tenderly.

Diana snored, naked, in the back room, and the twins were nowhere in sight.

Kevin sighed.

"Diana." He touched her.

Nothing.

"Diana," he raised his voice and shook her a couple of times. Diana sighed but didn't open her eyes.

"Did she take anything?" Kevin asked Nadine.

Nadine shrugged. "Maybe. I hope she's not using coke again."

"What? Is she a junkie?" Kevin said.

"Not since rehab."

"She was in rehab?"

"Is she your girlfriend or mine?" Nadine said.

"We hardly have any talk that isn't skin deep."

"I'll call someone to help you carry her to the car."

"Thanks."

"Don't mention it. I wouldn't want your girlfriend vomiting all over my sheets."

"No. Thanks for... Thanks for showing me what sex is all about. I had no idea. It was amazing."

She nodded, then suddenly hugged him from behind, kissing his neck and crushing his slim body against her soft curves. Kevin closed his eyes because even now when he was tired, her touch ignited him. This was also a new experience. Sex with Diana always left him drained.

"Whatever you owe Helen I can double that, Kevin," she whispered in his ear.

"Then I'd just be trading one debt with another."

"But I'll never force you, or be cruel. Think about it, Sweetie."

"It's tempting. But this place with all the scary people like Lady Hulk and Brigitte, and the illegal gambling and who knows what else, that's just too much for me. Better the devil I know."

"I really want you to stay."

"Nadine."

She nibbled his neck and caressed his hair. "I need you to stay."

"Please, Nadine."

"Okay, but promise you'll come again."

"I don't know if Diana will-"

"Forget that bitch," she cut him off. "Just you."

"I don't know."

"I want you Kevin, and I'm used to getting what I want."

"Now you're starting to scare me again."

"Fuck." She finally let him go, but not before she claimed his lips again with a kiss that made him hard with desire. "So that you know," she took a final love bite on his neck. "That whatever happens in the following months, I'll make sure that you won't get hurt, Kevin."

"What does that mean?"

"It means your violet eyes, and your tight body, your precious lips, and your sweet soul are making me crazy. Go before I pounce on you again."

"Doesn't sound half bad."

-----

Fifteen minutes after Kevin left there was a knock on Nadine's door.

"Come in, Marianne." She sighed.

Helen's colleague wore a business dress tonight and a smile from ear to ear. Nadine wondered if she won anything gambling. She'll ask Brigitte.

"Well?" Marianne said.

"Well, what?"

"How did it go?"

"Like I said it would. I know Diana, she has a sweet tooth for Asian boys."

"And you two?"

"I don't understand what we need the stupid bitch for," Nadine said. "She's poison. She destroys everything she touches."

"Did you kiss and make out?"

"Kiss her? I'd sooner kiss a rattlesnake."

"Come on, take one for the team," Marianne smirked.

"I don't see why? We don't need her. We should go straight to Helen."

"You don't know Helen, darling. I do. She's the coldest, toughest bitch this side of the globe. Straight as an arrow. You can't buy her. You cannot frighten her. She'll never betray William or the company."



"Every bitch has a weak spot."

"And Helen's weak spot is Diana. She'll do anything for her little sister. That's why we need the skanky ho on our side."

"Hmmm... What about the board?" Any progress?"

Marianne sighed. "The share refuses to go down."

"So fucking what?" Nadine raised her voice. "Tell that cheap ass bitch, Susan, that to steal big money you need to invest big money."

"You guys just do your part, Nadine, we'll do ours."

"Is that what she sent you here to tell me?" Nadine snorted. "So you're her little errant boy, now?"

"Hey."

"Okay, noted. Now off you fuck."

"There's just one thing I've been dying to ask you," Marianne said.

"Just one?"

"That sweet little angel Diana is dragging around these days."

Nadine squinted her eyes. "What about Kevin?"

"Nothing. Have you seen something half as beautiful in your entire life?"

"What it's to you?"

"Nothing, really. But when all is said and done, I wouldn't mind a nibble on that piece of ass," Marianne licked her lips. "Or a mouthful."

"Kevin has little to do with the Brion sisters. He's just Diana's boyfriend."

"So?"

"So he's off limits," Nadine said.

"Says who?"

Nadine closed the gap between herself and the fat woman in a flash. "You're forgetting who you're talking to," she said in a low voice. "You ain't so important that I can't remind you really quick."

Marianne paled. "I'm... I'm sorry, Nadine, I didn't mean to disrespect you, but-"

"You meant exactly that. I'll pretend you simply didn't say what you said. You better remember that I'm not one for second chances."

"I... I think you need to take care of that."

"What?"

Marianne motioned with her head, and Nadine turned. Iman stood at the living room's entrance; her nightdress had a huge reddish-brown stain in the crotch area.

"Fuck! Not again."

"I didn't mean to disrespect you," Marianne said.

"Close the door on your way out, Marianne." Nadine walked to her little sister, not sparing the fat woman a second glance. "Hey sweetie, you've had your period again." She kissed Iman's cheek.

"My tummy hurts."

"You're starting to get them regularly. It's a good thing. It means you're becoming a woman."

"I don't want to become a woman," Iman pouted. "It hurts."

"Come, I'll help you clean and put a tampon. You know sweetie, it's not all that bad, growing up. You'll soon need a nice boyfriend."

"Sharif is my boyfriend."

"Sharif is sweet, but he's seventy-five. I mean someone your age."

"I would like that." Iman smiled dreamily. "We can play together with my toys."

"There are other games too. Wonderful games that you can play with your boyfriend."

Iman giggled.

"For a special girl like you, we'll need a special kind of boy. Someone tender like you, and sweet, and thoughtful and patient. And tonight, I just met a young boy that is tailored to this job."

-------

There has been a dark hole inside of Helen for so long it was practically a family member. One that nobody really likes, but he's always coming to dinner anyway. Tonight, it grew heavier, and she wondered if there would come a time when it may consume her entirely.

She wanted to sleep the hurt off, but on the other hand, she didn't want to go back to the big empty bed. There was little escape for her there; her night was full of nightmares about Iraq. She sat in the kitchen in darkness and tried not to think of anything because everything hurt.

Helen went outside to the warm city air in the kitchen's balcony. It was wet with rain. She took off her shoes and black silk stockings, both purchased for tonight's date with Dennis. She shivered barefoot in a rain puddle, and that somehow felt better. Sure-footed she jumped on the balcony's rail, and balanced herself, holding the cornice.

She stared for a long time at the blinking city lights. People down there were another species from her.

And what if I jump? A few frightening seconds and then there will be no pain.

Who will even care?

Her boss, William, would care. He liked her.

Diana? She wasn't so sure.

Who else?

Helen heard the penthouse door opening. She jumped back into the kitchen and sat herself down. She heard Kevin talking, and her sister slurring something in return. Probably drunk again, or worse. Kevin struggled to drag Diana into the shower and after that to the bedroom. The house became quiet again. Suddenly Kevin's silhouette appeared at the kitchen door. He was drying his spikes after a shower with a towel, wearing shorts and a T-shirt. He approached the refrigerator and took out some meatballs he had made this afternoon, humming "If you can't be with the one you love, honey, love the one you're with."

When he turned, Kevin noticed her sitting in the dark behind him and jumped two feet in the air. "Hey, you gave me a heart attack. What are you doing sitting like that in the dark? How was your date?"

She took a deep breath. "How was yours?"

"Crazy. And that's the understatement of the century. So, how did it go with the mysterious guy from the dating site?"

"Okay," she said quietly.

"That was the saddest okay I've ever heard." Kevin turned the dimmer switch halfway. "I meant how-" he stopped in mid-sentence as he saw her face. "Helen, what happened?"

The amount of tenderness in his voice hit her chest and climbed up to her eyes, almost opening the tap again. She had to pinch her knee to stop herself from crying.

"Helen, what happened?"

"Nothing happened."

"Like hell! Did the guy do something to you? Did he hurt you?"

"Nothing happened."

"Helen, don't bullshit the bullshitter. What happened?"

"He..." She never dreamed of sharing such things with anyone. But Kevin already knew so much. He knew facts about her that she never even shared with her mother. "The asshole called me an ugly one-eyed freak who thinks he's a girl."

"What?" Kevin raised his voice. "Was he mental?"

"I don't think so." She shrugged. "Anyway, it happened; not a big deal. Shit happens. What can you do?"

"I kinda want to go out, find the guy and kick the shit out of him. I also wanna hug you, but I'm afraid that you'll kick the shit out of me if I do."

"Good thing that you're afraid, then. I don't like hugs," Helen said.

"Why the hell did he say that?" Kevin said.

"Maybe he thought that I'm an ugly freak and it slipped out when I made him angry?"

"What? Nobody thinks you're an ugly freak, Helen."

"You do, Kevin."

"Are you nuts?" He raised his voice again.

"You said it yourself. Ugly as fuck. On the inside as well as on the outside."

"What? I never said that... Oh," he frowned. "You mean..."

She nodded.

"On the first night when we met. You mean when I talked with my dad on the phone?"

"Yeah."

"But it... It doesn't make it true. I was hurt. You were right, I was childish when I didn't pay rent and pretended that I can just keep going like that forever with no repercussions. But I was hurt, and I searched for someone to blame. I didn't want to blame myself, and Diana is really too self-centered to take any responsibility. So, I blamed you. I wanted to hurt you bad."

"Mission accomplished. I cried myself to sleep that night," she said.

"Fuck!" Kevin sat at the table and rubbed his hair. "I'm like a tornado when it comes to you, Helen Brion. Aint I? I keep wrecking and wrecking. Do you want to know what I really thought when I first met you?"

"No."

"I'll tell you anyway. I thought that you were, hands down, the most beautiful woman that I ever met in person."

"Yeah, right. Especially the-" Helen circled her finger around the eyepatch.

"In a sexy pirate like way. But still... You're like a taller Charlize Theron with an eyepatch."

"Kevin, stop."

"Would I say that just to make you feel better?"

"Uh... Yeah?"

"You're probably right. It doesn't make it a lie, though." His voice softened again. "Everyone thinks you're a stunning woman, Helen. Me too. Everyone except you that is. I thought you were beautiful and cold when we first met. An Iceberg. But I know it's bullshit now. It's just something you do because you're scared all of the time."

"Scared of what?"

He shrugged. "Of almost everything."

"You know what Kevin, I appreciate the effort, but please leave me alone. Okay?"

"What?"

"Let me be. I need to be alone with myself right now."

"Helen?"

"Please."

"Okay," he rose reluctantly.

"I'm better off like that. All alone." A big tear blossomed at the corner of her eye, went down her cheek, traveling the trail of her scar and splattered on the table. "I don't know what the hell I was thinking to myself. Going on a stupid date."

"Helen..." he said tenderly.

"Please, go away, Kevin."

"Okay, I'm going." He raised his hands, turned and reached the kitchen's door, but then he stopped. "You know what?" He turned around. "No! Not okay! Not by a long shot." He turned a chair around and sat down leaning on the backseat. "I'm going to sit here, and I'm going to give you some constructive criticism. And I know that I'm only twenty-one and a kid and that I haven't learned to own my shit yet, but you're going to listen anyway. Cause frankly, Helen, I think that you're doing it all wrong."

"Doing what?"

"Everything."

She laughed, and it came out as half a sob. "Can you be more general, less specific, Kevin?"

"Almost everything. You go to work early every morning, and you come home late, and you work some more, or just hide in your room."

"I'm not hiding."

"Once you're home, you don't go out, and you never talk to anybody. That's not life. That's... I don't know what it is. I told you that I thought that Valkyrie is a lot like Hamlet."

"Hamlet?"

"Because just like him, she never decides to do anything. She stands on the fence. She has a lot to say about everything, but she'll never say it to anyone other than to a letter that no one will ever read. And life... Life is just something that happens to other people. She never told Sergeant Robert that he's a futaphobe asshole. She never told Andy how she felt about him."

Helen felt her heart squeeze. She wanted Kevin to stop, and at the same time, she didn't.

"And I know why you're sitting on the fence, Helen. It's safe there. You can't get hurt if you don't play. Almost nothing bad ever happens on the fence. But you know what? Nothing good ever happens there either. And sometimes it feels like the world is one big pile of shit, especially when you meet a douchebag. But you can't just raise a white flag when that happens. The world is not a pile of shit, it's full of amazing things. Did you know that nice gangsters exist?"

"What?" She laughed.

"I shit you not." He laughed. "They do. I just found out about it tonight. It's hard to get off the fence, and it's frightening. But you can't spend your life being afraid all the time; it's too painful. So," he rose. "So, I'm going to hug you now, and I don't really care if you'll kick the shit out of me. I ain't afraid no more."

He went to her and hugged her head to his chest, encircling her in his arms. At first, she went stiff like a mannequin at a shop window, her hands closed so hard her nails burrowed into her skin. Her body started shivering. But then she begun breathing again. His smell came to her nostrils, and he smelled like Kevin. There was heartache in it, but also a spark of a promise.

"I get it now that adults should own their shit, Helen, but it doesn't mean they have to do it all alone? It's okay to be afraid sometimes, it's okay to be weak sometimes, and it's okay to say, 'hey you there, I think I need a hug.'" He kissed the top of her head.

Helen thought of her mother and how she used to kiss her like that and how much she missed her. The human touch was absent from her life for so many years that she had forgotten how good it felt. The hunger inside her that she thought she lost forever ignited again.

"You're missing everything this world has to offer. But that's just half of it. The world is missing you, Helen. I know it does because I read your letters. You're smart, and funny, and kind, and full of empathy, and brave, and strong, and weak, and really an amazing person all over. And you're not going to sit on the fence no more because I'm not going to let you do it anymore."

"What?"

"Yeah. I won't. You'll see. That's gonna be my redemption for being such an asshole, calling you names, making you cry, and reading your personal letters. You just wait and see, Helen Brion." He kissed her top again. "You just wait and see."

After a while, Helen stopped shaking and leaned her head against his chest. It felt really nice. Her breathing became shallower, and she retracted her claws like a kitten. They stayed like that in the kitchen like two little children, forgotten without guidance and direction. Each gaining strength from the other's presence. Helen wanted to tell Kevin a million things and needed to ask him a million questions, but she kept her mouth shut. She didn't want to ruin the moment, and she didn't want him to stop hugging her.

To be continued...

As I always do, I would like to ask you shamelessly (okay I'm a bit embarrassed about it) to click on those stars if you liked the story and to leave a note. That's the only payment I get for my effort.

