His Private Tutor
byCharles Petersunn©

This story was inspired by Japanese movies of a same or similar name, although it doesn't follow the typical course that occurs in these movies. The theme is primarily exhibitionistic, but there is also a quality of first time and a small bit of mature. Please note, all of the characters in this story are at least eighteen years old.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Julie had always wanted to be a teacher. It was her dream ever since she was in junior high. Of course, at that time it was probably driven by the crush she had on her English teacher, Mr. Sacks. She would often stay after class to help him with things: cleaning the board, putting away pencils.

But, many great careers can trace their origins to a fortuitous event, and now Julie was actually realizing her own. She was an undergraduate at Livingston College, pursuing a bachelor's degree in education, specializing in middle school mathematics. She was just a sophomore, in her second year of training. She had a long way to go. But, this semester she would finally be able to actually teach. She would be a real instructor!

Well, maybe not actually an instructor. She would only be a tutor. But, as soon as she discovered the availability of a tutoring placement she signed right up. It would be so cool being able to actually influence a young person's future life, opening up his or her eyes to the wonders of algebra, or perhaps even calculus! She got shivers down her spine just thinking about it.

Math had also come easy to her. She had no explanation for why. It just seemed that her brain was hard-wired to be a mathematician, whereas her heart was wired to be a teacher.

She wondered expectantly whom her young pupil would be. She had to admit that she hoped for a young female, a girl she could place under her motherly wing, a girl that she would inspire as her mentor to pursue a similar life path as her own.

She was though soon disappointed when she discovered that she would be tutoring another college student. She had assumed that the student would be some little girl, or boy, the kind of pupil for whom she would someday be a real teacher. Nor did it help that he would even be a guy!

Julie did not feel particularly comfortable around men. It wasn't that she disliked guys. It was just that she just felt so intimidated and insecure around them.

It wasn't really clear why. She guessed it was in part because she was such a diminutive little thing. Julie was well below the height of even an average size girl. Guys just seemed so much bigger and stronger, at times even threatening, albeit none had ever really said or done anything threatening.

It probably also had something to do with how she was raised, or at least with respect to how she was raised by her mother. Her mother was rather neurotic about all sorts of things. She had been very overprotective, insecure, and uncertain about most everything, a nervous attitude that became particularly evident when it came to guys and dating.

It certainly wasn't because she wasn't interested in guys. On the contrary, she would at times have the most wicked dreams, the kind that you really wouldn't tell anyone, not even your best friend. They embarrassed even her, especially because she would be so warm and moist between her thighs when she woke up.

Julie had to admit that being a teacher of boys and girls much younger, and littler, than herself was appealing in part because she would be comfortably in charge. She would be the big person, the dominant authority. This was not, of course, the primary reason she so much wanted to be a teacher, but she figured that it probably did at least play some small role.

She always smiled when she imagined finally becoming a real teacher. She hoped to return to her hometown in Charlottesville, Virginia, teaching in the school in which she was originally inspired. Maybe even Mr. Sacks would still be there! That would be so cool. He could take her under his wing once again, showing her the ropes. But, given the job market, she couldn't really hope for that. She would just be grateful to have a job; actually, she would be ecstatic to be a teacher no matter where she was.

In any case, she didn't look forward to having her first real pupil be a full grown man. Well, actually a young man, but only a year younger than her! How could she ever convey any sense of authority or respect?

He would clearly be in need of her help and guidance, at least when it came to math. He would have to recognize her authority with respect to the subject matter. That was important to remember, at least she kept telling herself, after she would imagine all the many different ways it could go terribly wrong, which was pretty much how her mother thought about most everything.

As the day approached for her first tutoring session she grew more and more nervous, but excited as well. This would be her first pupil! That was a pretty momentous event in the life of a teacher. She did so hope that it would go well. Goodness, what if she failed? What if he failed?

Her pupil would be Arnold Woodman, who had failed first semester introductory algebra. He always had difficulty with math, and would not be able to continue at Livingston College unless he completed successfully the initial introductory courses. His parents were desperate. They pleaded for help from the college.

Julie could be the person who would save the day and perhaps even turn his life around, making it possible for him to complete his college education and accomplish goodness knows what else over the course of the rest of his life! Gracious, imagine if one day he became President of the United States and at his inaugural address thanked her, Julie Kaplan, for being the one who recognized his potential, who didn't give up on him, who was there for him when he really needed the help. Being a teacher can be so fulfilling.

Julie had difficulty not arriving at his house early. She just wanted to get started so badly. It had been very difficult deciding what to wear. She knew that the initial impression can be very important, particularly with the parents. She decided that a business-like, professional appearance would be best. Better to err on the side of too much formality than too little, particularly on the first visit. Plus, a business suit would convey greater authority. She did though wear a frilly pink silk blouse beneath the dark business jacket. It would be nice to have a bit of femininity. That always made her feel more comfortable. Being entirely formal and stiff would make her feel unnatural and uncomfortable. It was as important to feel at ease during the first session as it was to appear professional, two goals that are not entirely compatible. In any case, one could only see the blouse's frilly collar. The rest was hidden beneath the plain, black jacket.

Of course, such an outfit also required pantyhose and heels. Julie was not a big fan of pantyhose. She would on occasion wear pantyhose, at formal college functions, weddings, and other special events, but certainly not on a regular basis. She found it too dressy. She did though admit that she kind of liked the feel, so silky and smooth. Plus, it made her feel rather womanly and mature.

Heels, though, were another matter. Julie most definitely didn't like them. Her ankles and toes would eventually hurt, plus she just found them so awkward to walk in. What sense did it make to walk on one's toes? She appreciated that heels sharpened the curves of her legs, as well as her bottom, but that was not of much interest to her, and certainly wouldn't be a matter of any importance while tutoring.

However, heels also made her look a bit taller, and certainly more professional. She would wear them, at least for the first night.

She left for the house a half hour early, wanting to make sure that she would not arrive late. When she pulled up to the house she was a good 15 minutes early, which was almost as bad as being five minutes late. So, she drove past, parked the car, and killed some time by going over her lesson notes.

When enough time appeared to have gone by she started up the car and headed back down the street.

Her heart beat so fast as she made her way up the driveway. It was difficult to control her nerves, as well as her heels. It seemed like almost every other step she would stumble a bit. How bad it would be to actually fall, perhaps even tear a nylon. She sure hoped that the den in which they would be working would not be far from the front door.

When she got to the door she took a deep breath, rang the bell, and put a big confident smile on her face. Nothing though felt more foreign.

She had little reason to be nervous though. Mr. and Mrs. Woodman were as pleased with her arrival as she was apprehensive. Mrs. Woodman smiled broadly as she greeted Julie.

"Miss Julie Kaplan, we are so pleased to see you. Please, please, come in!"

Julie's smile became more relaxed, more natural. It was good to feel so welcome, and appreciated. "Hello Mr. and Mrs. Woodman, I'm Julie Kaplan. I'm going to be Arnold's tutor." She had rehearsed those lines quite a number of times.

Mr. Woodman smiled at her formality. "Oh, please, call me Alex, and this," he added, pulling the reluctant young man forward, "is our eager young scholar, Arnold."

Julie thought how funny it would be to call Mr. Woodman by his first name. He was old enough to be her father.

Arnold didn't look that eager. He didn't say anything.

"Say hello to Julie, now, Arnold. Show some manners."

He reluctantly held out his hand. "Hello, Miss Kaplan. I'm glad to meet you."

"And," Julie said in response, shifting her lesson book to her left hand as she reached out to eagerly shake his, "I'm very pleased to meet you."

He did look kind of young. She was pleased with that. And, even more importantly, he was rather short for a guy. He was still most definitely taller than her, but not so much that she would likely find him terribly imposing. She was very glad though that she had decided to wear heels.

He also seemed to be a bit shy. It was clearly better for a student to be timid and shy than oppositional and defiant, but this still could be a problem. Nevertheless, she had already completed an educational psychology course, so she felt that she would be up for the challenge.

"Well, Arnold," Mrs. Woodman suggested, "isn't your new teacher the cutest little thing?"

Arnold rolled his eyes, his face reddening. "Yes, mother," he quietly acknowledged.

It was a fact. Julie was indeed very, very cute. She had wavy blonde hair that rested gracefully on her shoulders, sparkling green eyes, long wavy lashes, a perky little nose, red rosy cheeks, and the most engaging, endearing smile, that typically revealed a couple of girlish dimples. Her breasts were rather small, and this has been a source of some disappointment, even embarrassment, for her, but on such a petite frame they were really quite, well, as her mother put it, adorable.

Nevertheless, having his mother point out that she was cute, out loud, was a bit embarrassing for Arnold. Julie's initial impression of Arnold was correct. He was as uncomfortable around girls as she was around guys, and it really didn't help that his tutor would in fact be so pretty and attractive. Of course, no guy would ever really complain about such a thing. It does help the pain of learning mathematics to have one's eyes bask in the pleasure of a pretty teacher as she pontificated over some boring formula. But Arnold also found it a bit intimidating. This girl was clearly out of his league.

Julie was herself embarrassed, and frustrated, by Mrs. Woodman's compliment. No girl minds being told that she is pretty, but at the moment she would have preferred they comment upon her skills and qualifications as an instructor, rather than how cute she was.

"Well, Julie," Mrs. Woodman continued, oblivious to how either party reacted to her comment, "Would you like something to drink?"

"Oh no, Mrs. Woodman. I'm fine."

"I have some fresh lemonade," she continued, "I made it myself."

Julie had been uncertain what Mrs. Woodman meant by a drink. She was not old enough to drink, of course, but perhaps Arnold's mother didn't realize that. She was not about to correct her, as it was fine with her if they didn't realize how young she really was. On the other hand, it was rude to decline something innocent that a parent had probably made especially for her. "Oh, yes," Julie replied, her enthusiasm evident in her voice, "that sounds lovely!"

Mrs. Woodman was pleased. She did feel that she made good lemonade.

Arnold again rolled his eyes. His mother was such a mother. Still, he had to admit, he also liked her lemonade, albeit he wouldn't admit it.

Mrs. Woodman suggested, "why don't the two of you get set up in Arnold's bedroom and I'll bring it up, along with some fresh ginger cookies."

'Ginger cookies'! Arnold could not be more embarrassed. "Yes, mother, alright..." Arnold reluctantly agreed, and made his way down the hall to the stairway to his bedroom.

His bedroom? That was a little surprising to Julie. She had assumed that the tutoring would occur in some office or a den. Well, there will always be many twists and turns to a lesson plan. One needs to roll with the punches. Julie followed after him, trying to walk quickly to catch up but finding that a bit difficult in her heels.

Mrs. Woodman scowled a bit at her son, who was not being particularly patient or polite with his tutor.

However, Arnold did realize once he reached the stairs that he should not have just taken off for his room, leaving his tutor scampering along behind him. He stopped and waited for her at the bottom of the stairs, and then gestured for her to proceed on ahead. One should always let the woman go first.

Julie smiled in appreciation. This was at least some gesture of respect.

However, as soon as she began to walk up the stairs she realized that she probably would have preferred that he go first. Her bottom, tightly encased in her business skirt, was probably swaying back and forth right in front of his face. She dared not imagine what little show she was inadvertently providing as she proceeded up the stairs, her steps now even more gingerly given the difficulty in navigating in her heels the tight steps and carpeting. There was at least a railing that helped her keep her balance.

Arnold was most definitely enjoying the show. He had not let her go first in order to watch the swinging of her bottom, but he quickly appreciated the benefit and took full advantage. At times his eyes were just an inch or two away. It was so tempting to just pretend to slip and let his face fall right into those tight wiggling cushions.

"Oh my!" Julie suddenly exclaimed as she lost her footing and fell back, her bottom quickly making contact with her student's face, as if she was intentionally sitting right on his nose and mouth. She grabbed the railing more tightly with one hand and braced herself with the other against the wall, but it was too little too late as her butt rested on her student's face.

Arnold, being the young gentleman that he was, reached up to help his tutor avoid falling further. Of course if she did fall she would have likely taken him down the stairs with her. In any case, one hand went to her slim, petite waist, the other to her hip. He held her tightly as she regained her balance, but did not remove his face from her butt, which was of course providing further support as she reestablished her footing.

Julie's face flushed red as she shifted her feet, her bottom wriggling against the young man's nose. "Sorry," she quietly mumbled.

Arnold's cock swelled in his slacks as he basked in the pleasure of the soft round squishiness of Julie's bottom pressed against his face, his hands clutching the small, shapely curves of her waist. It wasn't like he was actually having sex with her, but it was the closest he could expect to come to having sex with a girl as pretty as Julie. "That's alright, Miss Kaplan," he responded as her bottom pulled away from his lips. "I've tripped on these stairs myself."

It was nice to hear that the fault was as much the stairs as her own, but Julie still felt that she was not starting off on the right foot, quite literally so. She made her way more slowly and carefully up the rest of the remaining stairs, a fact that did not go unappreciated by Arnold, who was now effectively provided a poetry of movement in slow motion.

By the time they reached the top of the stairs he was fully erect, which effectively shifted the potential embarrassment from Julie onto him, as he realized that it would not be a particularly good idea for her to notice his stiffness. He reached into his pocket with his left hand, grabbed hold of his stiff dick, and pressed it firmly against his abdomen.

Julie waited for him at the top of the stairs to direct her to his room, which he signaled awkwardly with his right hand that it was the first door around the stairs.

"Yes, yes, of course," she replied, noticing his rather odd manner of gesturing.

She made her way into his room. It was at least very nicely cleaned, although that was probably due to his mother. His desk was well prepared, with his algebra book opened to the correct chapter, a pad of paper and pencil sitting in front of it, with half-completed solutions, along with a calculator and a computer.

The lessons, however, did not go that well. Julie felt that she said all the right things, or at least had provided excellent instruction and guidance, but Arnold never seemed to absorb or retain much of anything. At times he hardly seemed to be listening at all. Frankly, if she was to be entirely honest in her progress notes, his eyes were fixed more on her legs than the pages of his text. She repeatedly had to draw his attention back to a formula, an algebraic proof, as his eyes would clearly wander.

It was at times rather disconcerting. She wondered if this was a problem for most female teachers. Do all boys ogle their teachers? She imagined it must be true. It was perhaps only natural. Boys will be boys, and it would seem only natural that they admire and enjoy the sight of the pretty curves of their teacher's body. But it was still difficult for her to accept.

Well, this did at least reaffirm her intention to teach much younger boys and girls.

When a pencil slipped from the desk she went to retrieve it before it rolled too far under the bed. She should have let Arnold get it, as she knew that her bottom was again putting on quite the show as she got down on her knees, her face to the floor, her tush rising up, as she reached for the pencil beneath the bed. She was at least glad that she had not worn a short skirt, but she could feel how tightly it was wrapping and stretching around her derriere.

She wondered if she should mention this to her supervisor, Mr. Kutter. However, even the thought of doing so made her blush.

The lemonade and cookies though were pretty darned good, but she felt guilty enjoying them. She didn't deserve any special treats for this evening's work.

When they were finished she was not happy, and the subsequent grade on his homework confirmed her fears and doubts.

Nor did it seem to get any better over the next few weeks. She tried being more stern, more authoritative, more critical. She tried being more favorable, more accommodating, more complimentary. Nothing seemed to help.

This was really quite disappointing, as well as embarrassing. His failure was her failure, and it was particularly distressing being the failure of her very first pupil, her only pupil, and right under the watchful eyes of his parents and her supervisor, with whom she had to review Arnold's homework scores each week. She hated to think how Arnold would do on the first test. At the rate they were proceeding he would most likely fail. She would be humiliated, and devastated.

Her supervisor, Mr. Kutter, however, never seemed to be discouraged, which was terribly reassuring to Julie, as she was at her wits end. She knew she couldn't give up, but imagine having to go back to meet her pupil, week after week, only to witness his continued frustration, discouragement, and deterioration. She clearly was no good at being a tutor, and would unlikely be successful as a teacher. It was a realization, a recognition, that was simply devastating. All her dreams were crashing to the ground.

"Julie," Mr. Kutter explained, "perhaps if you talked to him, asked him what motivated him, what he would find supportive, reinforcing, encouraging. Becoming a great teacher is more than just applying the lessons you learned in a book. It's going with the flow, letting the natural motivations and interests of the student emerge." Mr. Kutter was somewhat of a humanist. "Every young man wants to learn. All of us are basically good inside. You must find what's good inside Arnold. Deep within him is the ability to grow, to learn. It's just simply a matter of pushing the right buttons, finding the secret to his growth, his development, his thirst for knowledge."

But, she had heard this talk many times before. She had been pushing every button she knew existed. "Frankly, Mr. Kutter, all that he seems interested in is well...." She hesitated to tell him, worried that it would somehow reflect more on her than on him. She said softly, "...me."

"You?"

She nodded, reluctantly.

Mr. Kutter at first did not understand, but then realized what she was suggesting. Julie was indeed a very pretty, comely lass. He had, of course, noticed that himself, but only because it was natural to do so. One could not fail to notice her appeal, her prettiness, even if she apparently was herself unaware of its power and potential. "Julie," he smiled reassuringly, "you've done it."

"What?"

"Yes, use that power, that engine, for motivation, drawing from him his innate mathematical skills."

"What?!" Julie was not at all sure what Mr. Kutter was suggesting. He surely wasn't suggesting what she thought he was suggesting. Was he?

Mr. Kutter though reassured her on that point. He chuckled at her naivete. "No, no, no, I'm not suggesting that you do anything that you find inappropriate or offensive. Oh my goodness, no. But," he further explained, "if a teacher discovers that a student responds best to stern discipline, then she uses discipline to draw from him his best performance. If a teacher discovers that a student responds best with a more open, free, and liberal approach, then the best teacher accommodates to that pupil as well. And, certainly, if our young Mr. Woodman finds the sight of a pretty lady to turn his eye, well, then, use a little twinkle in your eyes, a little smile, a hand resting on a shoulder, to your advantage. There's really nothing wrong with that."

"Really?" This was an approach that she had not read in any of her textbooks so far.

"Well, of course. Consider, for instance, Ms. Habbershall, the history instructor." Ms. Habbershall was a bombshell. That was the only way to describe her. She was simply gorgeous and she was not the least bit reluctant to display her wares. "It's no accident that she is one of the most popular professors among the male students but, most importantly, she obtains from them the best performance and grades than any other instructor. They want so desperately to get her approval, her smile, her appreciation."

Well, that was a good point. "I never thought about that, Mr. Kutter."

"Well, this is the kind of advanced instruction that is not generally taught in books, Miss Kaplan. Frankly, we normally would not share such knowledge with our students until the last year or two of their training, but seeing that you are having some difficulty with the young Mr. Woodman, I feel it's best to skip ahead in your lessons."

"Thank you, Mr. Kutter. I'm grateful, really I am." She was no doubt being very sincere. There was still hope after all!

"Dear," Mr. Kutter reassured her, "just as you must bring forth the algebraic skills that are inherent within our young Mr. Woodman, so too must you allow your inner teacher to emerge. You have it within you, I know that, trust me girl, I can see it. You have to trust yourself, your instincts, your inner sensei."

Wow. That was kind of deep for Julie, but she did feel reassured. She left her supervisory session with a renewed strength and confidence. She had long vowed to become a teacher. She was not going to give up now! She would do whatever it takes!

She decided to come to the next lesson well prepared, wearing one of her shortest summer skirts, one which she in fact rarely wore around campus, finding it much too revealing, particularly on a breezy day.

However, at the last minute she changed her mind. Clearly Arnold's parents would not approve. She changed into a more conservative skirt, albeit one that still clung closely to her curves. She did at least wear a diaphanous silk pink blouse, beneath which could be seen her pink lace brassiere, but above which she wore a business jacket, buttoned to the top. The blouse would be for the benefit of Arnold, the jacket would be for the benefit of his parents.

As she walked up the walk to his door her heart raced. Being a successful teacher was turning out to be a lot more than she had anticipated. She was dizzy with excitement and nerves, and so hoping that this new plan would work, albeit not really having a clear plan. What in fact was she going to do? She honestly didn't know.

When she walked up the stairs she proceeded slowly, this time not so much for caution but instead to provide an enticing little wiggle. She could hear the sound of her nylons swishing back and forth against her thighs as she accentuated the swing of her hips, their steps otherwise entirely silent, neither of them making their usual small talk as they proceeded to Arnold's bedroom.

Her face though again reddened. It just felt so wrong and inappropriate to be titillating her student in this way, yet it was in fact precisely right, although still rather naughty. Well, it was an innocent sort of naughtiness, being naughty for the right reason. Mr. Kutter would certainly approve, so she assumed. She realized she really should have developed an explicit lesson plan with him.

When they got to Arnold's room she wasn't sure what precisely to do next. It wasn't like she was just going to take off her clothes! A shiver ran down her spine at the mere thought of such a thing. How does Ms. Habbershall do it, she wondered. Well, actually, Ms. Habbershall probably doesn't actually do anything. Her big large boobs do all the work for her. Julie sighed with frustration as she looked down at her own...breasts, if you could call them that. They were far from melons. She felt they weren't even peaches. They were more like raisons. Well, that was probably being too critical. But, they were far from the pedagogical tools available to Ms. Habbershall.

As he took his seat at the desk, Julie standing next to him to his right, she said, "Goodness, it's very warm in here this evening, isn't it, Arnold." Pretty corny. She knew that, but it wasn't like she had any experience with this sort of thing.

Arnold didn't even glance at her. He just replied, "I suppose," he mumbled, as he found his place within the algebra text. He so much hated these sessions.

Julie could feel her heart racing. She knew what she should at least do, and that was remove her jacket. There would have been no point wearing a see-though blouse if Arnold wasn't going to see it. But, now that she was about to do so she had second thoughts, to say the least. Still, it wasn't like she was going to reveal very much. He would only just get a glimpse, a hint, of her brassiere beneath the blouse, or at least that's what she was now telling herself as she undid the jacket buttons. Well, one thing for sure was certain: Mr. Kutter better be right about this!

Arnold was not paying any attention. His eyes were glazing over at the list of homework problems he had not yet finished. He was falling farther and farther behind in class, his thoughts filled with the fact that he just couldn't do this stuff, and it was so, so, so boring! Why do his parents punish him even further by forcing him to have tutoring sessions that do little more than reaffirm his incompetence, his stupidity.

There was some consolation in that the girl did smell especially nice this evening. She would also on occasion brush her breasts against his arm or shoulder. It wasn't much, of course, but it was still a whole lot better than algebra, to say the least.

Once all the buttons were undone Julie began to remove the jacket.

But then thought better of it. She just couldn't go that far. It just felt too much like she would be actually doing some sort of striptease for the young man, and that just didn't seem right, or at least it would be going much too far. She did though lean forward, letting the jacket open up, as she pointed to a problem within Arnold 's text that had been giving him special trouble.

Julie's partially opened jacket came into the periphery of Arnold's vision, and his eyes immediately shifted, like a dog suddenly noticing the presence of a squirrel, his eyes widening with comparable interest and excitement. He could see Miss Kaplan's brassiere through her blouse!

Now, this was definitely much better than algebra. It was so entrancing how feminine, soft, round, and pretty her breast looked, all tucked away within its frilly lacy rose cup. Arnold's cock quickly swelled within his slacks. He slid the algebra book closer to his body, effectively hiding his crotch, and moved his left hand down to his lap to give his dick a bit of a squeeze, as well as shifting it to a more comfortable position wherein it could grow and swell to its liking.

Julie was not unaware of Arnold's fascination with her partially opened jacket. In one respect she was quite glad that his eyes were fixed on her sheer blouse as he would not notice the deep reddening of her face. Still, it was terribly difficult for her to just let him stare at her like that, knowing he could probably see at least a bit of her brassiere. Her heart raced and her breasts rose and fell with troubled excitement. She knew that teaching would at times be very, very difficult, but she never felt this quickly, this soon, and certainly not this way.

"Now, do you understand this particular formula, Arnold?" Julie finally asked, pointing at a problem within the text, trying to wrest his eyes aware from her blouse. Clearly if this method was to work he would have to look at the algebra problems at some point.

"What? Oh, yes, yes, um, let me see," Arnold responded, his own face now flushing as he realized that she might have noticed him gawking at her boob. "Yes, um, let me see," he repeated.

Julie felt that she had let him see quite a bit, and it was now his turn to return the favor, or at least do his part of the bargain.

Arnold though had not been told that there was any sort of a contractual arrangement here, and all he could think about at the moment was the fact that Miss Kaplan's brassiere covered breast was only a quick glance to his right. How can a boy concentrate on algebra at a time like that! He could only keep his attention focused on the math for a brief while, repeatedly stealing quick peeks. It was just so fucking sweet to see that rosy round cup, so openly evident through the blouse. Why do girls have to be so sexy?!

Julie could see that even this approach to tutoring appeared to be failing. It wasn't that Arnold wasn't interested in her. It was that he was much too interested! But, as her mother would often say, when faced with a lemon make some lemonade!

"Arnold Woodman!" She suddenly exclaimed, and stood back up straight, her hand clutching her jacket closed. "What were you looking at!?"

"What?!" Arnold's eyes quickly went back to his book, his face reddening, his heart racing. "No! Um, I don't know. What?" This wasn't good.

"Arnold, I think you know precisely what you were looking at. You were looking at my, my..." Her voice lowered as she said, "bosoms."

"What?! Oh gosh, no, no, definitely not, Miss Kaplan! Really. Honest!"`

Julie continued to tease the young man, at least for a bit more. "Arnold, would you like me to discuss this with your mother? What do you think she would say if she knew you were peeking at your tutor's bosoms?"

He would not like that one bit. He finally turned his head to look her in the eye, expressing the most pleading puppy dog look he could muster. "Oh, please don't do that, Miss Kaplan, please, really. I will work twice as hard. I'll really try, honest, I will."

Maybe there was something to this new approach, Julie pondered. She tried to sound like the stern, authoritative teacher. "Well then, why don't you get started right now, young man."

"Yes, ma'am," Arnold quickly responded and as quickly turned his attention to his studying, pouring his mind into his previously failed homework like he had never done before.

Julie smiled. This was the first time Arnold had referred to her as 'ma'am.' But, more importantly, she had finally broken through her pupil, her first pupil, now working so hard, so diligently, his little mind filling up with all sorts of new information. She stood behind him, leaning over his shoulder, watching, observing, monitoring his work.

Arnold breathed in the scent of Miss Kaplan's perfume, standing so closely behind him. He could even feel the soft touch of her breasts touching his back, pressing against him. It was so distinct, so clear, that he wondered if she had in fact opened up her jacket so that the contact would be more personal, more intimate, but of course that was just his imagination, which was naturally a bit over the top given what he had so dangerously glimpsed before.

Julie was just so thrilled to see her pupil working so hard, so fervently, that she felt the young man deserved a bit more encouragement and so she pulled open her jacket as she leaned over his shoulder, lightly pressing her breasts into his back. She could feel them heaving a bit with her excited breaths. It was really so strange. She had never been so openly flirtatious with a guy before, pressing, even rubbing, her boobs against his back. Yet, here she was doing so now, as a professional teacher. Her nipples stiffened with the excitement. She wondered if he would notice.

Arnold's eyes widened as he felt his tutor's nipples hardening against his back. He wondered if she realized what was happening, but clearly she mustn't as she wouldn't keep her boobs pressed so hard against him if she did. He felt very fortunate and truly inspired. He dedicated himself to the task of solving the problems, his dick swelling and twitching within his pants. Algebra had never before been even remotely so stimulating, so fun.

Arnold had been very much opposed to his parents hiring a tutor, particularly a girl barely older than himself. The whole experience would likely be so embarrassing, even demeaning, and certainly boring. Frankly, he didn't mind if he failed algebra. It would have given him a good excuse for quitting college altogether. But, now he most definitely felt totally different. His only disappointment was not being able to use his left hand on his cock as he completed the problems. He smiled to himself as he realized how weird that was, wanting to masturbate while he solved algebra problems. He soared through the work, solving one problem after another.

Julie's breathing accelerated. She kept her mouth closed and breathed through her nostrils, trying to control her breaths, not wanting her pupil to feel them against his neck. Of course, perhaps the more he noticed the more inspired he might become, but she really should only go so far. Too far and it would become obvious, and clearly inappropriate. She did though lightly blow air into his right ear.

"That's it!" Arnold suddenly exclaimed, having completed all of the problems that he should've done last week, and in record time. Well, at least record time for him.

"Really?" Julie actually felt a bit disappointed, a most surprising reaction of a tutor to the success of her pupil, but a part of her wanted the work to continue, at least for a bit longer. Well, in fact, maybe it could. She leaned even more tightly against him, ostensibly to get a closer look at his work, both arms wrapping around him, her soft breasts now crushing against his back. "Let's take a look at these..."

She took her time studying his work, shifting at times a bit to the left, and then to the right, all the while softly rubbing, massaging, her soft pliant titties and stiff hard nips against his upper back.

Arnold removed his hands from his tablet, getting them out of the way so that his tutor could more easily consider the accuracy of his solutions, shifting them into his lap, where they could do some work of more vital importance.

The young man had indeed solved all of last week's homework problems. It was, hands literally down, his best performance to date.

"Well," Julie eventually intoned, "yes, yes, this is really quite wonderful work, Arnold. I'm really very pleased, and proud."

"Thank you, Miss Kaplan," Arnold replied, albeit more for the breasts than the compliment, particularly as they were still pressed against him.

But his teacher finally stepped away, much to his disappointment. She placed her hands firmly on his shoulders, and turned him a bit around.

He shifted in her direction, his left hand still resting in his lap, hopefully hiding what would likely be a rather offensive reaction, albeit one that really should be understandable given what greeted his eyes. Miss Kaplan was removing her jacket

Julie pulled her arms from the sleeves, feeling terribly nervous and uncertain. But, in her heart, as a teacher, she knew that this was the right thing to do. She was doing as Mr. Kutter had instructed, trusting her instincts.

Once the jacket was removed she carefully laid it upon his desk and turned to directly face him, her two round lacy rose cups staring him in the face.

Arnold squeezed his dick through his slacks. He was spellbound. He couldn't speak. He could only stare. Yes, he thought, this is how most women should dress. Why hide something so pretty, so provocative, so enticing as a lacy brassiere tightly hugging soft little round boobs. Her brassiere looked so feminine, so intimate. Her titties were pretty darned small. He would have to admit that. But, that did not in any way diminish their appeal. They were just so precious, and hot. He wondered if perhaps he could even discern Julie's nipples poking through the lace. He most definitely could see the evident outline of the pointy tips.

Julie said quietly, "Well, you accomplished more than I had planned for this evening, Arnold. Perhaps we should try to do even more?"

That was a very pregnant suggestion. "Um, well," Arnold softly responded, his eyes fixed on her titties, wondering precisely what she meant by that. "Yeah, sure."

Julie felt so uncomfortable. She had never experienced a man staring at her breasts so openly before. Yet, she also felt strangely excited, although she wasn't sure whether her racing heart reflected her ambivalence, her uncertainty, perhaps even fear, or the warmth developing within her thighs. "Would you do me a favor, Arnold?"

"Oh yes, sure Miss Kaplan," Arnold quickly responded. Right now he would do just about anything for her.

"Would you complete all of the homework problems for this week?"

"What?" He tore his eyes away from those delightfully feminine little boobies to look Miss Kaplan in the eye. All of them? What he had accomplished already, completing everything for which he had previously failed to accomplish, was pretty darned good for him. But, to actually complete the new assignments on time? What kind of crazy talk is that?!

Julie stepped up closer to him, her titties now just inches from his eyes, rising and falling so rapidly within the tight confines of her lacy rose undergarment. "I would be very, very pleased." She reached out and lightly caressed his ear. "And...grateful."

"Sure," Arnold suddenly replied, and immediately turned his attention to the current chapter.

This was no easy task, actually fully catching up. To date Arnold had been repeatedly falling short. He clearly could not accomplish this new level of performance on his own. It would call upon quite a bit of Julie's skills as a devoted tutor to help him actually complete homework on time.

As his fingers busily worked on the problems hers busily undid the buttons of her blouse, albeit with considerably more reluctance and hesitation. Still, time did eventually pass and it wasn't that long before all of the buttons were undone. She then took another deep breath, her boobies rising up in their little cups, opened up her blouse, and pressed her breasts once more against him, this time higher up as she leaned over him to help him with his work.

Arnold briefly lurched then froze at the touch of his teacher's soft titties pressed against his shoulders.

"Now," Julie quietly instructed, "be a good boy and keep your eyes on your work. Don't stop, and don't turn around."

"Yes, ma'am," he quietly replied and returned his attention to the assignment, but his heart raced at the feel of his tutor's soft little breasts, and this time it seemed even more intimate. He could feel the lace of her brassiere.

"Let's see here now," she quietly explained, "in this problem you need to pay particular attention to the root square of the denominator..." Julie slowly, carefully, explained the nuances of the problem, all the while caressing his back and neck with the cushy, fleshy mounds of her brassiere-covered breasts.

Arnold had removed his hand from his lap, using both to work on the problems. He was impressed with how much he could in fact do, and even more so with how nice it felt to have titties pressed against him from behind. Clearly he had just needed a little encouragement, a little motivation.

Julie again wished her breasts were bigger. It was a thought that occasionally crossed her mind, particularly when viewing within a mirror how poorly she filled out a sweater or bathing suit. She would though curse herself for being so petty, so superficial. Her goal in life was to be a teacher, not a beauty queen. But, ironically, she now wondered if bigger breasts would improve her teaching ability, at least at the moment. Well, she made do with the tools she had. A good teacher doesn't complain about a lack of resources. What school system is ever fully, or even adequately, supplied?

It did take Arnold a bit of time to complete all of the problems. However, as it became evident that he would in fact finish them he slowed down, wanting to be sure not to make any mistakes, but more so to draw out the process as long as possible.

Julie didn't mind. She was enjoying the massage almost as much as the boy. Well, that probably wasn't really true, but it was most definitely true that her nipples felt so inflamed, so hot, and clearly very, very stiff and hard. At times she briefly pulled away to give them a quick pinch. That felt so fucking nice. They were just so itchy tingly. She knew that tonight, when she was home by herself in bed, she would be doing quite a bit more than just pinching her nipples, and imagining quite a bit more than just rubbing them against the young man's back.

When Arnold did eventually finish Julie pulled back, and quickly buttoned up her blouse before the boy turned around. Arnold could have turned to have a quick peek, but he knew better. It was best to respect the privacy of his tutor. Plus, he was equally embarrassed by his very stout erection. If he turned to catch a glimpse of her opened blouse she could perhaps just as easily see his stiffness.

Once Julie was buttoned up she reached for her jacket and indicated, as she was putting it on, "Yes, well, um, we can pick this up again next week. I, um, will see myself out." She was now feeling rather self-conscious, no longer lost in the process of her lesson, the throes of her arousal. She was reminded of how she felt after she masturbated. The desire to do so had been so intense, so demanding. But, when it was done she felt a bit guilty, particularly as she recognized what went through her mind as she was doing it.

"Okay," Arnold replied, his eyes looking nervously at her, feeling very relieved that he wouldn't have to accompany her to the door. Displaying a hard-on to his parents as he walked his tutor out would be rather awkward, and difficult to explain.

Julie also found the idea of being walked to the door a bit awkward as well, but for a different reason. She was having difficulty looking Arnold in the eye. She wondered if perhaps he had noticed how excited she had become, and even if he didn't she did feel a little embarrassed by the whole thing. She was only doing her job, but it nevertheless did feel a little dirty, perhaps even a bit sleazy.

However, her mentor, Mr. Kutter, was very pleased to hear of her progress.

"Julie, that's wonderful! He has now fully caught up with the rest of the class? And he got all of the problems correct?"

"Yes, well, as far as I could tell, yes."

"Julie, you should feel so proud of yourself."

Julie wasn't so sure. Did the end justify the means? She hadn't explained to Mr. Kutter precisely what she had done to draw out Arnold's improvement.

Mr. Kutter could see the concern in her eyes. "Julie, you're not telling me something. Is there anything wrong? Is something troubling you?"

It was difficult for Julie to recount, to admit. But, it was important to fully inform her supervisor. She could get into a lot of trouble if she kept anything from him. "Well, sir, I, um, kind of did a bit more than just smile at him."

Mr. Kutter furrowed his brow. What was she implying? What might she had done? "Really?"

"Yes sir," she softly replied. "Julie," Mr. Kutter asserted, quietly but with evident authority, "tell me...everything." When a student is reluctant to tell him something, it usually wasn't good.

Julie acknowledged, "Yes, well, um, I, well...took off my jacket."

"You took off your jacket." That didn't sound so bad.

"Yes, well..." Such a confession would be difficult to make to any supervisor, but doubly hard when that supervisor is a man. "My blouse was rather...sheer."

"Oh," Mr. Kutter quietly responded, verbally. His other response was an evident swelling within his slacks. He imagined what a particularly pretty picture it would be if she were to wear a see-through blouse during supervision. "You were, of course, wearing a...brassiere."

"Oh yes sir! Definitely! Oh my goodness, yes, of course." She felt good that she could reassure him on that point, at least. But, she wasn't too happy that he would have thought she might not have even been wearing a brassiere. Goodness, how could he think such a thing?! Of course, he didn't yet have the full picture. "But, um...well, I did, though, eventually, uh..." Her voice got very soft. "Take off my blouse."

"You let him see you without your blouse?" Mr. Kutter had to cross his legs.

"Oh no sir! Definitely not!" She again emphatically asserted, "My gracious, of course not. I was behind him all the time. He never saw anything."

Well, that seemed rather pointless. "Why did you then, um...you know." It was a little difficult for him to talk so openly about it with her. Mr. Kutter had no children, nor was he even married. Do fathers talk to their daughters about such things? He couldn't imagine doing so, at least not without getting terribly excited, and that would then be so inappropriate.

"Well..." Julie turned her head. She couldn't look Mr. Kutter in the eye when she explained, "I, well, I pressed, my, um...." She lowered her voice even further. "Bosoms, against his back." She covered her face with her hands. This was really so embarrassing. Having said it out loud, to her supervisor, made it sound so wrong, so inappropriate. She suddenly realized that her whole career may in fact come to an end. Gracious, teachers lose their jobs for such things! What had she done?! What had she been thinking?! It had seemed so innocent at the time but, goodness, she had exposed her brassiere to a student, rubbed her breasts against him, encouraged him to become sexually aroused! All of her hopes and dreams will come crashing to an end! Her parents will be so embarrassed, so ashamed. She suddenly felt like crying.

Mr. Kutter was momentarily stunned, but just as aroused. He rested his left hand within his lap, just as the young man had done, both to hide his erection as well as to touch it, to feel it. When he regained his composure he noticed how upset the girl was. "Julie, it's alright, there's nothing to be upset about."

Julie felt a sudden rush of relief. Could that be really true? Her dream, her aspirations, were suddenly gone, and yet now as quickly had they been returned? She slowly, cautiously, removed her fingers from her eyes. She looked with such uncertain hope at her supervisor. "Really?"

Mr. Kutter smiled reassuringly. He felt so bad for the girl. He always did have a soft spot for the young and pretty students. Any time one of them would come to his office, all upset about a bad grade, he would accommodate them, particularly if they began to cry. It was perhaps not fair to the male students. But, it can be so difficult for a man, an older man, to not help a young lady in distress. It must be instinctual, to want to protect them, to reassure them, to make things all better. "Julie, you have nothing to worry about, nothing to be ashamed about. I think what you did was wonderful, very daring, and, most importantly, very successful. Our young Mr. Woodman has never achieved so much in such a short period of time. Imagine what this young man is capable of, what you can draw forth from his inner self."

"Sir?" Julie was having trouble settling her heart down, clearing her mind.

"Yes, I think you understand me, Julie. I think you have discovered a tutorial approach that could be highly innovative. You are both adults. You have done nothing illegal. You didn't even have sex. You were just encouraging the young man in a way that he could understand, in a way that would inspire him to be all that he could be, in algebra."

Julie was momentarily stunned. She hadn't even considered the possibility that what she had done might in fact have been illegal. Well, thank goodness that wasn't true. "Yes sir," she timidly replied, feeling again rather shaky and uncertain.

"Imagine how many young men's education, their lives, could have been saved if such an approach had been attempted in the past. Julie, you are like the scientist who has stumbled upon a breakthrough, a truth, that had been missed, if not ignored, for many, many years. This could in fact be a true innovation in pedagogy."

Julie was again stunned, her heart racing, but now for a different reason. Like any young and naive college student she hoped to make big discoveries at some point in her career that would truly make a difference in the world. One should always aspire for greatness, even if it is in actuality quite unlikely. It's those who dream big who in fact accomplish great things. But, Julie hadn't imagined it happening so quickly, so early in her career. Her tears turned to a smile. But, all she could muster was, "Really?"

"Absolutely. I think you should most definitely explore the possibilities further. It will, of course, be important to keep me fully informed. I must know every little detail, no matter how trivial, no matter how, well...embarrassing. It's important when exploring new techniques that others would find, well, provocative, that you keep a lifeline open to someone else, someone not directly involved, someone with more experience and objectivity, just to be sure that things don't get out of hand."

"Oh yes sir, thank you sir, absolutely." She had made a discovery! She had actually made a scientific discovery. She might even advance pedagogy into new innovative methods. Perhaps they would even name it after her! Well, that was probably getting a little carried away. But, in any case, she was so glad that she had decided to attend Livingston. Her parents had wanted her to attend the state college. Boy, won't they be surprised at what she was doing!

Mr. Kutter continued. This was a very delicate situation, and he wanted to be sure the young lady understood. "I want you to keep very good notes about what occurs, including what you do, and how Arnold reacts. Be honest, be precise. It's important to be forthright when an intervention doesn't work, not only because it's true but also frankly because it helps the credibility of the report. Nobody will believe you if you paint an overly rosy picture and, of course, we will want others to be able to successfully replicate the findings."

"We're going to publish this?"

"Oh yes, absolutely, definitely, at some point. You will, of course, be first author."

First author?! Wow, now that was really something: a first author scientific publication. Julie felt a little dizzy. This was all just happening so fast.

"However, naturally, of course, do not share any of these, well...details, with anyone else. I don't think you will find it surprising to hear that some persons might raise an objection to your research, your innovations, and it would be best to let the experiment progress naturally to its final conclusion, without any outside interference. Plus, well, frankly, I must admit, someone might just steal your ideas. You understand?"

"Oh yes sir, I do, I definitely do." Frankly, she was glad to hear that. If, in the end, it didn't work, she couldn't help but wonder if she could get into trouble. It was best to keep it quiet, until they were certain that they were in fact successful.

Mr. Kutter provided Julie with a few relevant articles that might serve as a model for her eventual report, although Mr. Kutter was not entirely sure that he would want to write this up for publication. Maybe it would be best if they kept all of this entirely quiet, even when it was done. He seriously doubted that the Livingston administration would understand, would be supportive, even if it did work. But, it couldn't hurt to try and, besides, he thought, as his thumb contemplated his cock, it could be pretty interesting.

After the supervisory session Julie felt so much better, so reassured, and so excited. She was not only going to help a young man with his education, she was going to further the cause of science! She couldn't wait for the next session with Arnold.

However, not surprisingly, she was also rather apprehensive about the next session, particularly as she hadn't discussed with Mr. Kutter any new ideas, any new approaches. She felt a bit over her head, to say the least. She did decide that she should make some further adjustments to her apparel. She could not, of course, dress so provocatively that the suspicions of her parents would become aroused, but yet it was Arnold's arousal that was so central to the experiment. She blushed at just the thought of that. But, how best to arouse a boy? She really was over her head. Why don't they teach such things in school!

She decided not to wear a brassiere beneath her blouse, which was again quite sheer. She had though to make a purchase to have a second sheer blouse. This was not the type of apparel which filled her closet. But, it was pretty: a rust color ruffle yoke long sleeved chiffon. The blood ran to her cheeks as she admired herself in it, her white round perky breasts so clearly evident beneath the chiffon, her nipples poking through. It was kind of neat being so sexy. Goodness, this was the kind of thing she imagined wearing on her wedding night!

She wore with the blouse a new brown business skirt and jacket, which escalated the cost of her teaching apparel dramatically. But, she didn't have anything in her closet that would go with the blouse, and the saleswoman was very convincing about how well the blouse went with a brown suit. She wondered if Mr. Kutter might be able to help fund this study. He must have access to an account for research. If he didn't then her parents were going to be rather upset when they got the bill. She was now well beyond her clothing allowance.

Arnold was very happy to see her when she arrived, as were his parents. They were in fact ecstatic. They beamed as they displayed his grades on his homework papers. He had gotten every problem correct. And, the teacher had been so surprised that she had him repeat a couple of the problems after class, wondering if his tutor was providing the kind of help that was at times provided to the members of the football and basketball teams. But, Arnold clearly understood the problems. His teacher was indeed duly impressed. His parents were delighted.

Mrs. Woodman spoke on behalf of both of them when she said, "Whatever you are doing with Arnold, keep it up. We could not be happier, Miss Kaplan, and we are truly grateful and appreciative."

Arnold stood beside them, a big smile on his face. He was grateful and appreciative as well.

And, Julie could not be happier. Is there anything more gratifying to a teacher than to hear the gratitude of her student's parents? "Well, I'm very glad to be of some help but, of course, I am not the one who is learning the material. Arnold, your son, is the one who is doing the work." She turned to him to ask, "Arnold, would you like to achieve even more?"

"Absolutely," he replied, a big smile appearing on his face. Mr. and Mrs. Woodman beamed with pride at their son's enthusiasm for his algebra studies.

Julie strode to his room with pride and confidence, yet also with some uncertainty. What would she do next? She had only a glimmer of a plan.

When they arrived in Arnold's room he announced, "I've been studying real hard, Miss Kaplan. Here, look," he said as he picked up his current homework. "I've already done most of the problems." He handed the sheets of paper to his tutor, smiling broadly.

Julie was more than just pleased as she assessed his work. There were a few mistakes, but they were minor, and the fact that he had initiated all this on his own with no guidance or assistance was really quite impressive. "Well, Arnold," she said, as she handed the papers back, "That kind of initiative deserves a reward, don't you think?"

"Well," Arnold replied, taking his seat at his desk, "if you think so."

Julie smiled at him as she began to undo the buttons of her jacket. She hadn't expected to begin so quickly, but if there is one thing she learned in introductory psychology it was that a good performance needed to be immediately reinforced.

Arnold smiled as well. He glanced at his i-phone. He wondered if perhaps he could take a few pictures. Probably not, but a picture would sure help later. Memory only goes so far. Still, he couldn't imagine forgetting any particular detail of what he was witnessing right now.

Julie looked away, her heart going pitter-patter, or at least that was how her mother once described it. She bravely but nervously smiled as she removed her arms from the sleeves of her jacket, and stood before her pupil, her hands hanging by her sides, albeit wanting so, so desperately to protect her modesty. She knew he could see most every detail of her essentially naked perky breasts. She so hoped he would not be disappointed at how small they were. "Do you like my new blouse, Arnold? I bought it for your lesson."

"Yes, ma'am," he replied. "It's, um...very nice." The formality of the conversation was rather awkward but, still, she was his tutor.

Arnold though did indeed like her blouse very much, most evident from the immediate stiffening within his slacks. He had debated whether to wear briefs or boxers. He had opted for boxers. He wanted his dick to swell fully and comfortably. But, he had been stricken with doubts when Julie arrived, as his cock began to come alive in anticipation of what might occur. It was like a dog standing up and prancing about with the arrival of his favorite friend. However, now that he was in the safety and privacy of his bedroom, he was pleased with his decision, as was his cock.

These were the first naked breasts he had seen, at least in real life. They were so wonderful: so round, so white, so perky and proud with the taut stiff nip standing up so tall on the front tip of each little peach. He so much wanted to suck on one of them. Perhaps that would be a bit infantile, suckling on the teat of one's tutor. Well, nobody would have to know. He timidly asked, "Can I touch them?"

Julie blushed. It was a bit awkward to hear her pupil talking so openly about her breasts. But, such an interest should be expected and, besides, it made it easier to incorporate their presence into the lesson plan. "Well, I don't know, Arnold. Perhaps. But, first, don't you think you should finish up your homework?"

"Oh yeah, sure, sure," he dutifully replied and immediately turned his attention to his work. It was quite a sacrifice, but he did appreciate that with his patience and hard work would most likely come an even greater reward.

Julie relaxed once the piercing gaze of the boy's eyes were removed from her breasts. She wondered how strippers could possibly endure the hours of ogling eyes. It was certainly very flattering but it also made her feel so terribly self-conscious and exposed.

Arnold worked for a while, but it was clearly a struggle. He had wanted to impress Julie by actually doing his homework without need of her assistance, but he could only do so much. The problems he had not completed were naturally the ones that were the most difficult.

Julie could see him struggling. She strode up to the boy and laid an encouraging arm over his shoulders, her young fresh breasts perched on her chest just to his right. "You know I am really very proud of you, Arnold. You're working very hard and accomplishing so much."

Arnold naturally turned his head to respond, his eyes widening with lustful desire at the fact that they were at best just an inch or so away from her left boob. His cock yearned so fucking hard for a little bite, a little kiss, a quick little suckle. How could one resist such a perky little exposed tit.

Julie shifted her body a bit, just enough to allow the tip of her nip to lightly touch his lips. The contact was electrifying for them both.

But, just as Arnold pressed forward Julie pulled it away. "Now, I know you can do this, Arnold. Just concentrate a bit harder."

"Yes, ma'am."

Arnold returned his attention to his work with a renewed vigor and determination, and immediately achieved an epiphany concerning negative exponents. He shook his head as he realized the source of his prior errors, and now his future success. He did in fact understand the problem. He had figured it out. He didn't realize how smart he could actually become. He worked his way rapidly through the rest of the problems. It wasn't long before he exclaimed, "Done!" He raised his hands up in triumph, mimicking the comparably delighted state of his dick.

Julie leapt back, as Arnold almost bumped her boobs. But, with his accomplishment would also come his reward. It wasn't that she wasn't pleased and proud. She had been monitoring his work, providing only a minimum of help. Clearly the experiment was continuing to be successful, but the next task, for her, would not be so easy, not for a girl so inexperienced, so insecure, as Julie.

She stepped away from the desk and stood straight, thrusting her diminutive breasts out as far as she could, which clearly wasn't very far, and announced, softly, "You can touch them now, if you want."

Arnold bolted from his chair. He had enjoyed so much discovering the solution to the algebra problems, an experience with which he had been quite unfamiliar. But he would enjoy this equally new experience so much more. He in fact jumped from his chair so quickly that he had neglected to consider the fact that his pleasure in his reward was very readily evident.

And it did not go unnoticed by Julie. "Oh my," she exclaimed when the pointed growth within his slacks hit her eyes.

"Oh gosh," Arnold exclaimed, quickly covering his embarrassment with his hands.

But, one could hardly expect the young man not to get an erection given this form of tutorial instruction. In fact, it probably should be embraced, as it was a clear sign that he was being responsive to her pedagogy. "That's alright, Arnold," she reassured him, albeit she wasn't so sure it was alright for her. Being a teacher can be very difficult, but being one on the cutting edge of uncharted territory was altogether another story.

Julie took a deep breath, her little breasts rising up, much to the pleasure of Arnold, who removed his hands from his crotch, stepped forward, and reached out to place them on a more desirable target, Miss Kaplan's young, soft, perky boobs.

"Oh my," Julie again softly exclaimed as she felt her student's fingers grasping hold of each of her breasts. No man had touched her there before, and it was frankly electrifying. How very strange, really, as she had touched, grasped, and even fondled them herself, but the feel of someone else's hands there was altogether very different indeed. She instinctively whimpered with pleasure.

Arnold enjoyed the touch even more. What boy wouldn't enjoy the first touch of feminine boob, yet it was so surprising to him how delightful and satisfying was the touch, the feel, of soft, pliant, squishy breast, contrasting with the hard pointy nipple. He couldn't believe that a girl was actually letting him do this.

He squeezed and pawed, fondled and cupped, pinched and cradled. Julie eventually got over her nervousness and even occasionally let out a giggle, a sigh, or another whimper. She had never felt so happy, and not just because she was developing such a strong rapport with her pupil. So many times she had doubts about her breasts, their appeal, their desirability. These feelings were now clearly dashed. It was evident that Arnold could not be happier.

However, she was perhaps losing sight of the task at hand. How long should a student feel and fondle his tutor's breasts for completing his homework assignment? There was no instruction manual that Julie could consult. She had to trust her own judgment, her own instincts, but it was her more base and fundamental instincts that were now perhaps leading her astray.

She even reached out with her hand and lightly rested the tips of her fingers right on the soft, round, protruding knob of Arnold's stiff dick.

"Miss Kaplan," Arnold gasped, his body and mind wracked with intense delight, his eyes closing, his hands squeezing her boobs hard.

But, his hard squeeze was the alarm that woke her up. "Yes, well," she exclaimed, wrenching her boobs from his grip as she stepped back. "Perhaps you could accomplish even more tonight?"

"More?" What more could she want? He had finished his homework. The lessons for this week had been accomplished. What more could a student do?

"Arnold, perhaps you might start on the next chapter? Wouldn't you impress your teacher if you in fact already knew some of the material she will be teaching next week?"

Whoa! That was just ridiculous. What student does more homework than was assigned? Does anyone really start working on the next chapter? "Miss Kaplan, I mean, well, do I have to?"

"No, no, you don't have to, Arnold, but it will so impress your teacher, and your parents."

That was all true, but was it really worth all that work?

Julie added, "I will also be very grateful and," she said, with a girlish smile, "rewarding."

Arnold had no idea what she might mean by that, but it was likely to be pretty darned good. Maybe she might now even let him suck on one of her boobs. Of course, one shouldn't get one's hopes and expectations up too high. Heck, he would probably have done the work just for a chance to feel her up again. "Okay, sure, I'll give it a try."

"That's all I'm asking," Julie replied, albeit she did really want him to do more than just try. She wanted him to succeed.

Doing some of the problems in the next chapter though proved to be pretty difficult. It wasn't much of an advance from the prior chapter, but it did involve extending what was already learned and grasping a couple of new concepts.

Julie though helped him with it. That was her job, after all and, with her assistance, he did manage to understand a bit of the new material and complete a couple of the problems.

It wasn't as much as she had originally hoped. It can be difficult for a beginning teacher to realize how difficult the material will be even for the average student. One needs to be realistic and patient. For Arnold it really was a pretty darned great accomplishment. Having learned just a bit from the next chapter will more than impress his algebra teacher.

"This is really wonderful, Arnold. Now, I want you to be sure to answer some questions in the next class. Show your teacher that you have in fact read material in advance."

Arnold was uncertain about doing that. He rarely participated in class, and never behaved like the above average students, who liked to show off how much they knew. His heart even raced a bit at the thought of sticking his neck out like that.

Julie sensed his reluctance. "Will you do it for me, Arnold?" She stepped away from the desk, placed her lesson book on his bed, bent over, placed her hands on her knees, and looked back at him over her shoulder, sticking her bottom out behind her.

She asked with a cute coquettish, girlish pout, "Pretty please?"

"Yes, ma'am, I will," Arnold quickly replied, his dick as quickly swelling.

"Promise?"

"Cross my heart."

Julie smiled and reached back to take hold of her skirt.

She slowly pulled her skirt up her thighs, which wasn't that easy as it was rather tight. Frankly, it would have been easier to have pulled it up before she bent over, but she didn't want to start over, thereby revealing to Arnold that she had made a mistake, that she was a novice at such things. It's never good for a student to realize that a teacher doesn't really know what she is doing. So, she had to squirm and wriggle her bottom as she struggled to get the skirt up and over her butt.

Arnold was dumbstruck. Miss Kaplan was actually pulling up her skirt while sticking her bum back at him? He really, really wanted to take a picture of this, and perhaps he could get away with it, her back being turned to him. But, he did feel that would be disrespectful, if not exploitative. Still, it was such a pretty sight. He did at least now openly grasp his erection through his slacks, squeezing and rubbing it as the skirt made its way past her nylon covered thighs, all the way up to the little round curves of her derriere, tightly encased within her panty hose and, beneath that, white cotton bikini panties. Is there a more delectable sight than a girl bent over, displaying a petite pantie-covered bottom?

Once she had the skirt all the way over her bottom, Julie took a deep breath and looked back at her pupil, feeling so terribly self-conscious and uncertain. She hadn't really planned to do this, but it just seemed only natural and appropriate, at least at the moment. She needed to do something for the young man. He was accomplishing so much. She need to provide an appropriately applicable reward.

Her face reddened as she witnessed him grasping his stiffness, his eyes lusting at the sight of her exposed derriere. She asked, "Do you like looking at my bottom, Arnold?"

He at first just nodded, feeling rather dumbstruck, but he then added, softly, "Yes, Miss Kaplan, yes I do."

Well, there was no sense in stopping now. "Okay, Arnold, you can take it out, if you want, and rub it against me."

She quickly turned her face away, not wanting to watch him take it out. Well, actually, she was more than just a bit curious about it. She did wonder what it would look like, but it made her feel all the more anxious and uncomfortable to have eye contact with him while he did so. She most definitely didn't want him to see the nervousness, the apprehension, the uncertainty in her eyes. That's not the kind of impression a tutor wants to make on a student.

Arnold quickly extracted his stiffened dick. He first just squeezed it within his hand, enjoying the fact that it was now out of its cage and free to roam, and it was clear where it wanted to go. The shiny swollen knob pointed hungrily at Julie's butt, poking back at him in return.

He stepped up to her, his naked dick bobbing and waving with each step. He kind of wished that Julie had not looked away. He wanted to impress her with its strength, its manliness, its size. A boy does like to impress his teacher. But, not every fantasy can come true.

When he reached her he lightly grasped Julie's hip.

She instinctively twitched. She couldn't help but feel like she was in some sort of danger, like she was about to be stabbed or penetrated. She felt so vulnerable, sticking her bottom back, unaware of what her student might do.

When she felt the tip of his knob poke her right in the crack of her ass she clenched her cheeks, squeezing tight on her sphincter. Of course, she wasn't really at all vulnerable of being penetrated. He couldn't stick that thing right through her nylons and panties. But, it did still feel a little invasive and intrusive to be poked in the butt by a stiff cock; also frankly a bit weird, and yet also strangely intriguing.

Arnold stepped in closer and began to caress and rub his swollen cock against the silky slick nylon stretched across the soft round curves of his tutor's bottom. Arnold did like the sight of a woman in pantyhose. He wasn't sure why. He couldn't really explain it. It just looked so provocative, so sexy, so alluring. He had never imagined the opportunity to rub his naked stiff cock against a woman's pantyhose, at least not when she was wearing it. He pressed against her even more tightly, pulling her butt hard against him as he groped and rubbed his cock, dry humping his tutor's butt like a dog in heat.

It was now feeling really weird for Julie. Not too many teachers get dry humped by their students. This was not what she thought being a teacher would be like. Her instructors had certainly never given her any warning that someday this would occur. But, she also couldn't deny the feeling of warmth and moisture developing between her thighs. She responded by squirming, twisting, and writhing her butt back against him.

Arnold's eyes widened with lust as he witnessed, tactually and visually, his teacher's lustfully obscene gyrations. Not too many students have their teachers dry hump their butts against them. He wouldn't even expect a fellow student to do this with him. Her bottom looked so cute, so perky, so squirmy and wriggly.

Arnold could feel himself getting close. His balls were churning, constricting, and his movements were becoming more frantic, more animalistic, more obscene. He held hard onto her hips as he thrust and humped.

Julie knew that he might ejaculate. She wasn't so sure she really wanted him to do it all over her bottom. It just seemed kind of gross and icky. But, it shouldn't be too hard to clean herself up, at least enough that it wouldn't soak through her skirt when she pulled it back down. It might though feel odd when she drove home, knowing that she was sitting on boy stuff soaked into her nylons and panties.

"Coming up! I forgot the cookies!"

"What?" Julie exclaimed, immediately standing up, grasping her skirt and yanking it down.

It was Arnold's mother, coming up the stairs. Frankly, they were very lucky that she called out in advance. If she had not done so she would have stepped right into the room while her son was humping his teacher's butt with his cock, perhaps even entering the room at the moment he was squirting his load all over her ass. But, they still didn't have much time.

Arnold turned to make a beeline for his desk chair, intending on sliding into it, hiding his erection under the desk, but Julie grabbed him.

He was shocked that she would actually stop him. Was she intending on having him expose himself to his mother? What kind of lesson would that be?!

Julie though was as much, if not more, concerned with herself. She would get her skirt back down in time, but there was no way that she could get her jacket back on. She glanced at it, lying on his desk. There was simply not enough time. She handed her lesson book to Arnold, to place in front of his crotch. She doubted that there was even enough time for him to get his dick back into his pants and zip up. Heck, even if he managed to do that a very large bulge would still be evident.

Arnold's heart beat hard and fast. This was bad. This was real, real bad.

Of course, this wasn't really the first time something like this had happened. His mother had at other times stepped into his room at rather indiscrete moments. She rarely knocked, and even when she did she would do so while in the process of opening the door. The knock had no real meaning other than to announce that she was coming in. More than once he had been in the process of jerking off. A couple of times he had been at his computer, and so slid his body tight against the edge of the desk, effectively hiding his stiff dick, as he shifted the screen to a different site and turned down the sound. Another time he was in bed and immediately rolled over onto his side, hiding the front of him from view. He pretended he had been taking a nap. In all these cases he could only hope that she would not ask him to do something, like perhaps help her move something so that she could clean behind it.

This time was far worse. All he had now was an opened book pressed against his crotch. It was a bit of an odd place to hold a book.

Julie's situation was hardly any better. She could only hide her exposed breasts behind him as she finished pulling her skirt back down.

But, the plan, as weak as it was, had been the right choice, for as soon as her skirt was down the door opened, and in came Mrs. Woodman.

"Here you are! I'm so sorry that I forgot to bring this up sooner," she explained as she entered the room, a tray of cookies in her right hand. "I know you're almost done, but better late than never, I always..." She didn't finish her sentence. Standing before her was her son, holding his algebra book at his pants. Miss Kaplan standing behind him. It seemed a bit odd.

"Why, that's very nice of you Mrs. Woodman," Julie replied, leaning a bit to the right to look around her son. "We were just finishing up with a recitation drill." She turned around, her back to Mrs. Woodman and her son, and said, "Now, Arnold, again, without peeking at the answers in the book, what are the prime numbers." It wasn't really an algebra problem but his mother wouldn't know.

"Um, yes, uh, well, 2, 3, 5, 7...11, 13...17," Arnold recited, looking up at the ceiling, in deep concentration.

It wasn't a bad ruse. Mrs. Woodman didn't even seem to be troubled by the presence of Julie's jacket on the desk. It did seem a bit warm in the room. She asked, "Do you want me to turn up the air conditioning?"

"Oh, no, no. It's fine, Mrs. Woodman," Julie replied, still keeping her back turned. She hoped that Arnold's mother didn't notice that she wasn't wearing a brassiere. But, of course, even if she did, she would probably assume that the front of her blouse was not as sheer as the back.

Julie had built up quite a few chips with the Woodman parents. As far as they were concerned she could almost walk on water. "Well, I won't disturb you for long. I'm just sorry I didn't bring this up sooner. I'll leave you alone and you can get back to your drilling." She felt an urge to give her son a hug. She just felt so proud of him. He was working so hard and making such an improvement. But, she knew that would embarrass him in front of his tutor.

"Thank you, Mrs. Woodman.," Julie called out.

"Yeah, thanks, mom," Arnold added.

As she stepped from the room, leaving the door partly open behind her, Julie said, "Alright then, Arnold, where were you? Seventeen?"

"Uh, yeah, um, 19...23...29." The task was actually not that easy for him, and he had to work his way through each number. But, as soon as he heard his mother's steps going back down the stairs he stopped.

They both remained silent until they couldn't hear anything at all.

Julie decided that the lesson was probably over for the evening. The mood was certainly gone and frankly she was feeling a bit shaky.

Arnold would have liked a happy ending, but he didn't press the point.

They had a few cookies and he then walked her to the door.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Mr. Kutter was very, very pleased at their next supervisory session to hear of the immediate progress that Julie sustained with her effective application of positive reinforcement principles. He was also impressed that she had been willing and able to take the exercise so far. He insisted on hearing all of the details, precisely how much of her breasts could be seen through her blouse, the color of her panties beneath her pantyhose, how it made her feel to stick her bottom out like that, and certainly how it felt to have Arnold poke and rub his hard penis against her derriere.

Julie found it a little disconcerting to have to share with her professor all of these intimate details, but she recognized that it was important to keep her supervisor fully informed and, in any case, all of this would also eventually have to be within the report, the eventual publication. Goodness, someday even her parents would read about it. She couldn't help but feel a little anxious and uncertain about that.

On the other hand, the more she told Mr. Kutter all the details, the more she began to enjoy the telling. She squirmed a bit in her seat as she explained how she was squirming quite a bit, just before Arnold's mother called out.

When she explained that she had bought the blouse especially for the tutoring session, Mr. Kutter immediately agreed to fund Julie with an expense account. He most definitely did not want her parents to have to pay for any such clothes. Nor, however, could he bill the education department. The financial officer would require receipts, and he sorely doubted he could justify the purchase of girls' clothes.

"Yes, well, just have the store send the bill directly to me."

"There was also a new suit too, Mr. Kutter, to go with the blouse."

"Oh." He wondered how much that might have cost. "Yes, well, alright, certainly, fine. Have them send that bill to me too."

"Well," Julie said, "that is a relief. I wasn't so sure my parents would understand."

No, Mr. Kutter, thought, he didn't think they would understand at all. Parents don't often appreciate the real value of scientific research.

Mr. Kutter wondered if he did cover the costs Julie might be willing to let him see her in one of the outfits. He most definitely would like to see her in the sheer blouse. Perhaps she should demonstrate for him what precisely she did with Arnold. It was natural for a supervisor to have trainees practice their lessons with the instructor. Experiencing a lesson plan is much more informative than just being told about it. His dick twitched at the thought of being able to rub his erection all over Julie's pretty little pantied bottom.

Julie had read the articles that Mr. Kutter had provided. She didn't care much for the works of Mr. Peters, who was apparently considered by many to be the most innovative pedagogical scholar of his generation. Most of his work, however, involved disciplining girls, which was not relevant for Julie. And, even the occasional paper involving his colleague, Ms. Harding, didn't strike her fancy. She didn't really see the need to spank Arnold, or anyone else for that matter, and even if it seemed appropriate for Arnold she could hardly do so without arousing the suspicions of his parents. No, the New School approach was not for her. Unfortunately, Miss Nishida, had never published her own approach to pedagogy (see "Miss Nishida motivates the boys"). However, Julie did like the paper concerning panty inspections (see "Mr. Peters and the panties").

Templeton, where Mr. Peters worked, required their young ladies to wear white cotton panties, hence the need for the panty inspections. There was no such requirement at Livingston, and Julie was free to wear any sort of panties she preferred. Heck, she could choose to not wear panties if she was so inclined. Still, given that her apparel was integral to the success of her tutoring it was perhaps quite appropriate to have Mr. Kutter evaluate her selection.

She got out of her chair to stand in front of Mr. Kutter as she reached down, took hold of the hem of her skirt, and raised it up. "Do you think my panties are appropriate, Mr. Kutter?"

Mr. Kutter's eyes widened with shock. He had never had one of his young female students raise her skirt for him, right in his office. He quickly glanced at the door to be sure it was closed. It was, but it was not locked. His eyes though didn't stay there for long, as there was something considerably more appealing to visualize than a closed office door.

Julie was wearing pastel bikini panties, with yellow daisies gaily adorning the soft clingy fabric. It was so clingy that Mr. Kutter wondered if perhaps he could even discern a little camel toe atop the gentle rise of Julie's soft feminine mound.

He cleared his throat before he spoke. "Yes, well, um, is this what you plan to wear at the Woodman home?"

Actually, it wasn't. She questioned why she had impulsively decided to show them to Mr. Kutter. Still, she could wash them in time if Mr. Kutter felt they would be a good choice. "I'm not sure. What do you think, sir?"

At the moment Mr. Kutter's cock was doing the thinking for him. He knew what Mr. Peters would likely do at a moment like this, but Mr. Kutter also knew that he did not have the courage, the resolve, of a man like Mr. Peters. He dare not touch the girl's panties, and most definitely not her sweet little round tush. What would be the reason, the justification, particularly if she was suddenly offended, perhaps even outraged. Oh, but he so, so much wanted to see, to feel, what was barely hidden beneath that thin cotton fabric. "Oh, um, well, I think those would be excellent. Yes, very lovely, um...panties."

Julie kind of hoped that Mr. Kutter would inspect them more closely, like Mr. Peters had done. Perhaps she should suggest that he do so? But, clearly, there was no real need for such a panty inspection. Gracious, he would probably be shocked and horrified that she was even making such a suggestion. She knew that a part of her was enjoying the naughty parts of her tutoring of Arnold, but she also knew that wasn't very professional of her. She lowered her skirt. "Thank you, sir." She gave him a little curtsy.

"Uh, well, um, Julie," Mr. Kutter cautiously proposed, "Given that I, well, I mean, the education department, will be covering the costs of your tutorial apparel, perhaps it might be best if, well, in the future, I accompany you when you procure the, um, teaching materials. I suspect I should exercise at least some supervisory oversight, you know, just in case there is at some point a, well, audit."

"Oh yes, of course sir, absolutely," Julie immediately agreed. It was certainly unrealistic to have an undergraduate provided with free reign to make whatever purchases she wanted. "Perhaps, um, this weekend, you can accompany me, to the mall. I was thinking of getting more panties."

Mr. Kutter's balls churned so desperately within his pants. He cleared his throat and then agreed, "yes, yes, excellent, um, well, uh..." He wondered if he should pick her up. That would be the courteous thing to do, but he wasn't so sure if that might not be appropriate, or at least it might arouse some suspicions. "What time would you like me to meet you there?"

"Let's say 3:00PM, in front of Dillard's. They have really nice undies."

"Yes, yes, um, I imagine they do, well..." Mr. Kutter was feeling increasingly uncomfortable, and excited. His cock looked forward to some panty shopping. He hurriedly ended the rest of the supervision. He was beginning to feel a little flustered.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Julie's next session with Arnold was prior to her shopping trip with Mr. Kutter, so she wore the panties she had shown him. However, when she arrived for Arnold's lesson it was apparent that her panties would not be playing much of a role.

"I wonder, dear," Mrs. Woodman explained, "if you could work tonight in the kitchen."

"What?" Julie was surprised, and notably disappointed. She glanced at Arnold. He was clearly disappointed as well.

"I know that it is not as private and quiet as you might prefer, but we will be in the den and will keep the television down. I promise you that. It's just that I haven't had time to clean the upstairs this week and I would be really uncomfortable with you having to work in such a messy room." She glanced at Arnold and gave him a look, which made it quite clear that she felt that he had some responsibility for this problem as well. Apparently Arnold had not cleaned his room as his mother had asked.

"Oh, that's fine, Mrs. Woodman, really."

Julie meant it was fine with her if the room was a mess. Heck, her own room was never particularly neat.

But, Mrs. Woodman interpreted the remark to mean it was fine with her if they worked in the kitchen. "Oh good, I'm so glad to hear that. I even have some lemonade set out for you there and, again, I promise that you won't be disturbed. We are just so thrilled to death over the progress that Arnold is making. Well, um..." She stood there awkwardly for a bit. "Yes, well, I will leave the two of you alone."

Julie followed Arnold into the kitchen.

Julie's lesson plan for the evening was now in total disarray. It would be far too risky to do in the kitchen any of the exercises she had planned. Despite his mother's promises, she suspected that she, or Mr. Woodman, would, and readily could, come into the kitchen at any moment. No evening of television will be without at least some snacks and drink. Well, maybe it would be a good idea to see how Arnold does without the support of her encouragement.

It quickly became evident that he didn't do so well at all when she wasn't providing her special form of inspiration. His enthusiasm, his motivation, was clearly weak, if not non-existent. It was quickly back to the old Arnold: bored, easily discouraged, even despairing.

It was in one regard good news, or at least useful information. It was solid empirical proof that her innovative technique had been instrumental in his progress. Once they were removed his performance clearly suffered.

But, it probably would not be good to let his progress slide back too far. If he regressed far the progress he had made to date might all be for naught.

Julie had been sitting across from him. She changed her position to take a seat right next to him, on his right. She in fact sat very, very close to him, inching the chair over so that there was little to no space between them. "Now, I know you can do these, Arnold. You just need to apply yourself."

"I don't know, Miss Kaplan. These new ones are just so hard."

"Well sometimes," she said softly, snuggling up close against him, her left hand wrapping around his shoulder, her right hand drifting into his lap to rest softly on his crotch, her little breast pressing into his arm, "hard things can be really good."

Arnold turned his face to her, his eyes very excited. He breathed deeply within his nostrils the sweet scent of her perfume, and swallowed nervously as he glanced over her shoulder at the open hallway within which his parents could suddenly appear. "Really?"

Julie took hold of his zipper with her thumb and fingers, and tugged at it.

It wasn't that easy getting it down. She had no real expertise with pulling down boys' zippers. It's not like it was rocket science but doing so the first time blindly, under a kitchen table, was not that straightforward.

Arnold though helped out by lifting up his pelvis a bit to straighten out the front of his pants as much as he could.

Julie giggled as she felt, and heard, the zipper go down. If there was a sound that was naughty, that was certainly it. She glanced quickly to her right, briefly wondering if that tell-tale sound could be heard all the way down the hall into the den. Not likely, of course, but she did feel an impulse to at least check.

"Now, let me see here," she intoned as her attention turned back to the matter at hand, her hand reaching into the open fly for it, exploring around inside his pants for the flap of his boxers. "How hard can this really be," she suggested, her eyes on his algebra.

Arnold wondered, is there a better feeling than a girl's hand exploring around within his pants, searching for his cock? Clearly there must be, but right now it would have been difficult to convince Arnold otherwise. His dick quickly swelled, as if it was trying to raise a big flag to let his teacher know where he was hiding.

He played along. "It's pretty hard, Miss Kaplan."

"Oh, not so hard right now," she suggested as her hand found what she had been seeking. She slipped her fingers inside the flap, wrapped them around his swelling shaft, and pulled his dick free of his boxers and slacks.

It was Arnold's turn to exclaim, "Oh my," as his cock was released into the open air of the kitchen. He again glanced to his right, over his tutor's shoulder, to see if there was anyone there. There was something really quite strange, and wonderful, about exposing oneself in a different room of the house. So far he had confined his erections to just his bedroom and occasionally within the bathroom. Having a big stiffening boner right in the kitchen, while his parents were even home, was a whole new experience. Of course, having a girl with her hand on it was clearly the primary pleasure, but the location and context did add a rather exciting additional spice.

Julie had never stroked a man's cock before. She wasn't so sure she knew what to do. Of course, how complicated could this really be? It wasn't like it was algebra. She gripped the shaft tightly and began to slide her fist up and down the shaft. "Now it's beginning to get pretty hard," she admitted.

"Yes, ma'am," Arnold replied.

"But, let's see what you can do. I know you can do these and I will keep encouraging you as long as you keep trying."

"Yes, ma'am," Arnold again replied and returned his attention to his work, now finding a very concrete and compelling motivation to work more diligently and effectively. It was perhaps a little distracting to feel his cock being so sweetly fondled and stroked, but the fact that it was tied explicitly to achieving good work compelled him to enjoy both the stroking and the problem solving.

Julie was enjoying it as well. It felt rather nice to have a young man's thick, hard penis in her hand, feeling its stoutness, its stiffness, its manliness. She gave him a little affectionate squeeze on the shoulder with her left hand, pressing her soft breast into his arm.

But, she quickly realized that she probably should remove her arm from around his shoulder. His mother, or father, would likely find that to be a bit odd if they suddenly came into the room. A tutor probably should not be hugging a boy, pressing her boob against him. Plus, she really did need at least one hand to help direct him in his work.

She let go of his penis with her right hand and replaced it with her left. It was easier to use her right hand on his cock but it would look more natural for her left hand to be under the table, with the two of them sitting so close to one another. Now they just looked quite natural, with her sitting closely to his right, a pencil in her right hand as she leaned into him to help him with his work. Of course, from beneath the table it was an altogether different picture.

Arnold was making good progress, and the fact that his attention was partially focused on his algebra provided some help in maintaining sufficient self-control. Without the algebra he would be liable to shoot off pretty quickly. It was just so shocking how more stimulating, more arousing, more thrilling it was to feel the fingers of another person's hand, a pretty girl's hand, on his cock versus his own. Of course, his own hand felt pretty darned good, so it was saying quite a bit to acknowledge that Julie's fingers felt even better.

Julie shifted from just stroking him to exploring, caressing, and fondling him. She was particularly intrigued by the swollen knob. It felt so much bigger than she would have imagined, and its shape was so curious, like the head of a big battering ram. Of course, that all made good sense, given its purpose.

Arnold was duly impressed with how expert Julie's fingers felt on his dick. Of course, she must have been doing this with lots of her pupils. That made him feel a bit jealous, a bit disappointed. He would have preferred that he would be her special pupil, the only one with whom she would do such things. That was, of course, a natural feeling when getting jerked off by a girl, but he knew in this case it wasn't realistic. Still, he could at least pretend it was true.

Julie so much wanted to get a look at it. It wasn't like she didn't know what it would look like. She had seen pictures of them, even pictures of big hard ones. It's kind of hard to avoid them on the internet. They just kept popping up.

But, it would be altogether different to see a real live one, her first one no less. Goodness, it was right now in her hand! The temptation, the curiosity, was just so intense.

She decided though that she should just leave it under the table. Arnold's body was pressed right up against the edge of the table, and that was probably for the best. If she could look down and see it, then so could anyone who happened to walk into the room.

Her fingers explored all up and down and around, like a blind person trying to get a picture of what this strange new fascinating animal looked like by feeling and exploring every single inch.

Arnold occasionally lurched and squirmed when Julie's fingers touched particularly sensitive nerves. He especially liked it when she tickled him just beneath the crown. He suddenly yipped, "Oh!" but it was because he had just solved one of the more difficult problems.

"That's so good, Arnold. You're doing a very good job," Julie cooed, giving him an extra special encouraging squeeze.

Julie did occasionally stop. She began to worry that he might ejaculate. She had no idea how long it would take to get a boy to, well, release his stuff, and for all she knew it could happen at any moment. And if he did it in the kitchen that would be very difficult to explain to his parents. She and Arnold could perhaps get the floor cleaned up but how to explain the wet pants? Well, of course, there always could be some sort of explanation for anything, and his parents were unlikely to suspect that she was actually jerking him off. Still, it was best to err in the side of caution. Plus, it was probably best to titrate the reinforcement, making it more contingent on actually solving a problem, or at least making good progress.

Report Story
byCharles Petersunn© 35 commen

Arnold wasn't happy when Julie backed off, but he quickly caught on that it was when he was getting a problem right, when he was moving forward, that she resumed her fondling and stroking, and would let go when he seemed to be going off in the wrong direction. Now, these were the kinds of hints and tips that a student appreciates! He worked harder and harder, even going into the next chapter on his own, which earned him a sudden acceleration in her stroking, a rapid pounding of her fist up and down his shaft.

"Isn't this exciting, Arnold. You're getting ahead of the class again!"

"Yes, ma'am," he gasped, feeling very thrilled indeed. It would be so nice to cum in her hand, and he was feeling so close.

"How is our hard-working scholar doing, Miss Kaplan?"

"What?!" Julie quickly let go of Arnold's stiff, throbbing dick and turned to see his mother walking up to the kitchen table.

"You two look just so engrossed. I'm thrilled to death to see Arnold so excited about his homework!"

"Oh yes, ma'am," Julie explained, "we were at a particularly climactic point...in the book."

"Yes, I can imagine." Actually, she couldn't. She had always disliked math herself, and couldn't understand how anyone could ever actually enjoy it. But, she did appreciate that solving a particularly difficult problem could be a climactic triumph, at least for some persons. "Well, Julie, you clearly know how to push the right buttons with Arnold. I've never seen him so thrilled with algebra."

"I've got a good hand on it," Julie agreed. Actually, she should have said that Arnold has a good handle on it. It just sort of came out that way.

Mrs. Woodman though didn't find her remark particularly odd. "Well, I'm sure you do. His improvement is really so wonderful. You clearly have put your finger right on the problem."

Julie danced the tips of her fingers along Arnold's slippery smooth crown, like little angels dancing on pins. "Yes, I think I have."

Arnold tried not to squirm, but it was really so very, very difficult. Even just keeping a straight face required considerable effort and determination, and he doubted that he was succeeding in that regard. It just felt so fucking good.

There was something quite pleasing about being jerked off right under the nose of one's mother. Perhaps it was some sort of Freudian thing. Arnold didn't know, but his was not to reason why. His was to just sit back and enjoy it. "Yeah, mom," he added, his voice a bit breathless, "I'm really enjoying it."

"Yes, well, I can see that." She wondered if her son might in fact be coming down with something. He did look rather flushed and agitated. But, it was probably just a mother worrying excessively about her son. "Well, don't you study too hard." She added with a smile, "You don't want your head to fill up so much it suddenly explodes." She smiled at her little joke.

"Yes," Julie added, "it might just squirt all over the place."

Now, that did sound rather weird to Mrs. Woodman. What an odd thing to say. But, the kids today have all sorts of quirky new expressions. She never could keep up with teenage slang. "Yes, well..." She didn't know what more to say, particularly in response to that last remark.

"But don't worry, Mrs. Woodman," Julie reassured her. "I'm making sure that Arnold paces himself," and to demonstrate that point, at least to Arnold, she let go of his cock.

Arnold was naturally disappointed, albeit it would clearly be risky to actually ejaculate beneath the table while his mother was standing right there, although just thinking about that caused his balls to momentarily surge.

"In fact," Julie added, getting up from the table, "I think we should stop early tonight. It's been pretty hard for him this evening."

"He does look a little flushed."

"Mother!" Arnold protested, but he felt more upset with Julie. He turned his attention to her. "Miss Kaplan, please, just a little longer. I was almost there."

"Yes, I suspect you were, but I bet you can finish this up on your own." There was clearly no stopping her as she was already packing up her materials to go. She added, though, leaning over the table, "You be sure to participate in class. Let Ms. Yuzuki know how much you've learned."

"Yes, ma'am," Arnold glumly acquiesced.

Julie, outside of the line of vision of his mother, slowly licked her lips with her tongue, trying with her eyes to look as sultry and sexy as possible.

Arnold's eyes lit up. "Yes, and I'll study real hard! I'll be extra-ready for next week!"

Julie smiled. "I'm sure you will." She turned to head to the front door.

Mrs. Woodman though scowled at her son. "Arnold, now you get up right now and escort your little tutor to the door."

Arnold shifted both hands to under the table and began to work feverishly at getting his stiff dick back into his pants.

Julie was indeed little but she didn't like Mrs. Woodman referring to her in that way. It just didn't convey the respect she wanted. But, she didn't show her annoyance. "It's alright Mrs. Woodman. I want Arnold to finish up what he was working on."

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Mr. Kutter arrived a good half hour early for his Saturday meeting with Julie. He was understandably nervous. This was probably a bit inappropriate, helping a young female undergraduate purchase undergarments. He looked around and was relieved to see that he wasn't recognizing anyone. How would he explain this to a colleague? He wasn't too worried though about seeing any of his close associates or any college administrators. They were not the kind of people who spent much time at a mall. But, what about students? The place was crawling with young adults. He didn't recognize any of them, but it wasn't like he had a good memory for every undergraduate that had been in one of his classes. Heck, some of the classes included as many as a hundred. What would one of them think, and subsequently do, if he or she saw him with a pretty undergraduate, shopping together at the mall, shopping for undies no less?

"Hello, Mr. Kutter!" Julie gaily announced her arrival. She was arriving a bit early herself. She didn't want to take the chance of arriving late and making her professor wait for her. So she arrived early, but apparently she did still make him wait. "I'm sorry, sir. I didn't realize you would get here early."

"No, no, that's fine, um, yes, well, let's get into the store." There would at least be fewer people in the store than where they were now.

But, as soon as he entered his anxiety escalated as they made their way to the girls' and ladies' undergarment section. He had strolled by this section before, always glancing furtively at the erotic displays of brightly colored, lacy, sheer brassieres and panties, hoping that nobody noticed how intently interested he was. He would try to appear indifferent but he just couldn't keep his eyes away for long.

He particularly liked seeing them on the mannequins. He knew that was rather silly, as they weren't real, but he found it sexy nevertheless. He also appreciated how they all now had nipples. If only they would provide them with slits as well so that the panties could have camel toes.

In any case, he was himself now doing more than glancing as he strolled by. He would be entering deep into the interior, the depths, of the intimate feminine apparel department, to carefully consider, inspect, and perhaps even handle girls' delicate, personal, private undergarments, accompanied no less by a pretty girl young enough to be his daughter.

Julie, however, felt no such insecurity. Clearly there was nothing odd for her to be shopping for pretty undies. It might seem unusual that she was being accompanied by an older man, but who would really care? He could in fact be her boyfriend. What business is it of theirs if she was dating an older man. Or, he could be her father. Well, that might be a bit odd, having her father help her pick out undies.

On the other hand, the fact was that he was her professor, and they were purchasing educational materials. It's not like anyone would ever ask why they were purchasing undergarments together, but if they did there was actually a very good explanation, or at least that's what she told herself.

It was though kind of fun. She smiled with flirtatious delight as they entered the undies section and were quickly confronted with a wide array of pretty panties, some cotton, some satin, some plain white, some gaily colored, some with animals, some with just pretty designs, stars, polka dots, candy, cherries, bananas, peaches, some with frilly trim, some with lace. There were just so many to choose from! Julie exclaimed with evident glee as she picked up a pair, "Aren't some of these just so wonderful, Mr. Kutter!"

Mr. Kutter wanted to tell her to keep her voice down, but he also felt it was best to convey an impression, an appearance, that they really were not doing anything wrong. Acting nervous and uncertain would only make him look suspicious. He did though glance around to see if anyone was noticing them. He then turned his attention to the panties within Julie's hand. They were really cute: yellow cotton bikini panties with little dancing and prancing kittens, squirrels, cubby bears, and other animals. His cock twitched and swelled. He answered, almost whispering, "Yes, yes, very nice. You can get those." He was feeling that the sooner this was over, the better.

"Mr. Kutter now, let's be more selective than that," Julie admonished him. "What kind of panties do you think a good tutor should wear?"

That was a question he had never pondered before. He cleared his throat. The selection was actually quite staggering. Frankly, he thought pretty much all of them were darned cute and sexy. "Well, um, of course, well, for this purpose, you know, I believe, they certainly should emphasize an appeal. They should be...well, you know..."

Julie finished the thought for him. "They should be real sexy, shouldn't they, sir."

"Well, yes, yes. I mean, that's kind of the purpose." He was feeling really uncomfortable with this conversation, but so excited as well. He stepped in closer to the display table, trying to keep from view his growing bulge. Geez, imagine if a saleswoman came up now to help!

"Do you think these are sexy?" Julie held up a pair of very sheer pale blue thongs. "See, you can see right through it. You could see everything! And," she added, turning it around, "it doesn't have any bottom at all. The strap just goes right down inside your crack. I think that would be kind of uncomfortable, but I guess Arnold might like that. Do you like it?"

He imagined what it might be like to repeat the exercise with her that Arnold had done, with Julie wearing a thong. "Yes, well, comfort is important too."

"Yeah, but I do want to do a good job. The most important thing is the success of the student." She smiled, feeling rather pleased with herself for putting her responsibility as a teacher ahead of her own personal physical comfort.

"Well, you could get those. We can certainly buy more than one pair." However, he immediately questioned his generosity when he noticed the price tag for just one pair of panties. Maybe they should go to Walmart or Target? Well, that would make him seem a little cheap.

"Oh my, Mr. Kutter, look at these!" Julie had to blush a little at this next pair: light blue lace bikini panties...that were crotchless. "Goodness, I guess these would be kind of revealing." She smiled a little self-consciously as she held them up for him, making sure he appreciated that there would be nothing to hide her cunt.

"Julie!" Mr. Kutter finally had to assert at least some degree of caution and restraint. He snatched the crotchless panties from her hands. "Let's not get carried away," he quietly admonished her, albeit it was unclear if he was referring to her tutoring or their shopping.

"Do you like boy short panties, Mr. Kutter?"

"What?" He didn't actually know what that meant, but when Julie held up a pair tightly against her pelvis so that he could get the picture, he most certainly did get the picture.

Mr. Kutter's eyes widened as he imagined them on her.

Julie explained, "They're really nice for accentuating the curves of your bottom and," she added, thankfully lowering her voice, "they tend to be real tight in front, too."

This was becoming really too difficult for Mr. Kutter. "Yes, excellent, well, you pick out, let's say, a few of them. I'm sure you'll make a good selection."

Julie studied a few more. It was really a very difficult selection. What if the outcome of the whole study depended on her choice? Well, that wouldn't be true. Arnold would probably like pretty much any pair she chose, and it was clearly very generous of Mr. Kutter to have the department cover their cost. "You know, it's really difficult to tell without trying them on. Would you like to see how they look on me?"

Mr. Kutter's dick swelled to full erection. Fortunately, he was wearing tight briefs, a decision that was no accident, knowing full well that a problem like this might arise. He would in fact like to adjust its position so that it could rise more comfortably but shifting an erection while considering panties in a department store was probably not a good idea.

Of course, if they went to a dressing room then perhaps he could adjust it. His heart raced at the thought, almost as much as his cock yearned. He glanced around. Was that even legal? Could a guy go into a dressing room with a girl? Well, actually, why not? Husbands must do this all the time with their wives. He could almost hear his heart beating as he answered, trying to sound dispassionate and objective, "Sure, um, yeah, that would probably be a good idea."

Julie beamed. "Oh goody. I do want your advice." She picked up a pair. "I'll just try though this one. They sometimes don't like you taking in lots of clothes into a dressing room."

He wondered if they would like anyone trying on panties. Isn't that not particularly sanitary?

"Oh!" Julie realized something. "I should get a matching brassiere as well."

"Oh, yeah," Mr. Kutter quietly agreed. He wondered if he could even make it to the dressing room without fainting.

Julie stepped up to an array of brassieres, equally diverse in their color, fabric, and design. "I suspect I don't need to get a brassiere for each pair of panties, but a couple of them would be nice." She studied the labels on one of them, and then looked over at Mr. Kutter, who was standing nervously beside her. "You know, I'm not so sure I want you to know my size. That's a little personal," and also somewhat embarrassing. She was so self-conscious about how small they were.

"Oh yeah, yeah, sure. I'll um, wait over by the dressing rooms." He quickly took off, relieved to have the excuse to not be part of the brassiere selection.

When he got to the dressing rooms he was not terribly surprised to see a few men waiting around outside. Their wives or girlfriends were probably trying something on and were going to come out to get their partner's opinions. Mr. Kutter wondered if it might seem odd to them for him to go in with Julie. But, it wasn't like they would expect her to step out of the dressing room to show him, and them, how she looked in a brassiere and panties.

Julie was not long behind him. She just strolled right by, apparently not bothered by the guys at all. She waved her brassiere at Mr. Kutter and said gaily, "Let's go see, shall we?"

Mr. Kutter quickly followed behind, and dared not look back to see how the guys were reacting to a man stepping into the dressing rooms to apparently see how the brassiere and panties fit on the girl, who was clearly much younger than himself. Was she his daughter? It wasn't clear what would be worse, having a girlfriend so much younger than him, or watching his daughter, who must be about 18 or 19 or 20, trying on undies.

Mr. Kutter felt a tremendous sense of relief when they entered the privacy of the dressing booth. He was still very nervous, but it was now more with the pure excitement of what was about to happen, and he could hardly believe it. When Julie first suggested that she show him how the panties looked he assumed that at most she would just put them on without taking off her skirt, and then just lift her skirt. Of course, that would be pretty darned fantastic. But, she would now have to remove her blouse and brassiere to try on the bra. Perhaps she might then just go ahead and take off her skirt. He was ecstatic with the possibilities. As she turned her back on him to place the garments on the bench he quickly adjusted his dick and looked down to assess the severity of the bulge. It wasn't too bad, or at least so he said to himself.

As Julie laid the garments down she glanced at Mr. Kutter in the mirror, and noticed him adjusting his stiffened penis within his slacks. She smiled, but it also escalated her apprehension. Her heart was beating quite rapidly. She really did want his professional opinion, but she knew that she was also finding this to be rather exciting and titillating. She would be undressing in front of an older man, an esteemed professor, and her supervisor. It was all very innocent, of course, but still also rather flirty, to say the least.

She kept her back to him as she began to unbutton her blouse.

Mr. Kutter glanced around the small room, or more like a large closet. There wasn't much of anything to look at, other than himself in the mirror or Julie undressing. It was difficult to try to pretend that he wasn't intently interested, but what else was there to look at? He watched her undress, intently.

He swallowed as he saw her, from behind, open up her blouse to slip her arms out of the sleeves. He nervously fidgeted when she removed the blouse entirely, revealing to his eyes the brassiere straps along her back. She carefully hung up her blouse on a hook.

He wondered if he should offer to help unhook her brassiere. He should at least help with something. It seemed a little silly to just be standing there, doing nothing.

"Would you unhook me, Professor Kutter?" It was the first time she had referred to him as professor. It helped to be a bit more formal as she was otherwise being rather informal.

"Yeah, sure," he replied, reaching out, his fingers trembling just a bit. He didn't point out that he could now see her brassiere size (30 B). He didn't want to make her feel self-conscious. He pulled on the straps and unhooked them, feeling rather good about himself for not fumbling with it.

"Thank you, sir," Julie replied, and let the cups fall from her breasts into her hands, and then hung the brassiere on the hook along with her blouse. She naturally covered her breasts with her other hand. This was just so strange, and so exciting!

She hesitated over what to do next. She didn't really need to take off her skirt, but why go this far and not take the next natural step?

She reached for the side of her skirt, undid its clasp, zipped it down, let it fall to the floor, and then stepped out of it.

Mr. Kutter's eyes widened with intense arousal as he saw Julie's panties come into view. He felt that the pair she was wearing right now were pretty darned good. They were white cotton panties with a pretty, dainty pink lace trim along the waistband and leg holes or, he wondered, do they call them thigh holes? He didn't really know what they called them.

Julie felt a little self-conscious about her panties. She doubted that Mr. Kutter would really like them, as they were so plain. But, she would soon put on some better ones. With a deep breath she bent over a bit, stuck her bottom out toward Mr. Kutter, reached back, took hold of the panties' waistband, and pulled them down off her bottom, letting them fall to the floor when they cleared her curves.

Mr. Kutter could barely contain himself. His balls were churning as hard as his dick was stiff. Julie had such a cute little girlish round tush: so white, so pure, so dainty. It just begged to be kissed and cuddled. He gave his dick a squeeze as he contemplated the perky little deliciousness.

Julie shifted her position a bit to peek out of the corner of her eye in the mirror to see Mr. Kutter give himself a squeeze as she stepped out of her panties. She was now completely naked in front of a man, for the very first time. Well, not completely naked. She still had on her socks and shoes, but for all intents and purposes she was literally butt naked. Her nipples were so stiff. Her cunt felt inflamed.

She felt so much like turning around, pretending that it was all so very innocent, but clearly it wouldn't be. There was no academic, professional reason for him to see her naked breasts and cunnie, but she did want him to at least get a peek. She shifted further to the left and turned a bit, just enough so that he could see the front of her in the mirror, but pretending that she was entirely unaware that he could see anything.

She looked over her shoulder at him.

He quickly removed his hand from his stiff dick.

"This doesn't have to be in the report, does it, sir? That you saw my bottom all naked and everything?"

"No, no, of course not. The report of the experimental findings will naturally be confined just to the tutorial sessions with Arnold."

She gave him a smile and then turned her attention to the new panties.

Mr. Kutter's eyes gaped wide as he noticed Julie's reflection in the mirror. He could now see much of the front of her body: her so very firm, perky, little petite titties, the nipples so distended, so stiff and taut, and even her cunnie mound, albeit hidden quite a bit within a soft curly fluffy down.

However, he was treated to even more when the girl bent over to slip her feet into the panties, as the back of her cunnie lips came fully into view, peeking out at him from between her delicate soft thighs. He quickly glanced at the door. It was locked, thank goodness. In a moment of panic he wondered if one of the men might have called security. But, of course, why would they do that? This was all entirely legal. They were not breaking any laws. They were both legal adults. Yes, her parents would probably not approve, and neither would the Livingston College administration, but right now those small points paled in comparison to the pale feminine lips that seemed to be so shamelessly flirting with him.

Julie also seemed to provide a little extra wiggle and squirm when she pulled the panties up. "These are the pale Hanky Panky stretch lace boyshort panties." She explained, "Since you weren't too familiar with them I thought these would be good to show you." She pulled them over her curves.

Mr. Kutter didn't even mind that they now covered her butt, as they only accentuated the sexiness of her little round tush. They were entirely lace, and very revealing at that. He still had an excellent view of her bottom crack and the lily white cheeks through the thin, diaphanous, floral pale nylon lace. He envied the opportunity of Mr. Peters to conduct panty inspections at Templeton, but of course there the girls couldn't wear panties as titillating and sexy as these. He wasn't entirely sure though that he understood the boyshort aspect of them as they didn't look that much different from any regular panties (they were mid-rise boyshorts, and so provided only a moderate coverage of the bottom cheeks).

Julie then put on a matching all-over stretch floral lace bralette with molded wireless soft cups and a wide elastic band at the base and back. And, as became evident when she turned around, it was as sheer as the panties.

Mr. Kutter could readily see her stiff little nipples poking so hard against the diaphanous lace. Her nipples looked huge! He wondered if it was in part because her breasts were so small, but that hardly mattered. Her nips looked like they would tear through the lace.

His eyes though soon went down to her panties. He now understood the boyshort part, as they continued down farther on her thighs then other panties normally would. However, the effect was only to draw more attention to the curved mound of her cunnie, which was so very tightly wrapped that he could readily discern the little curls of her soft cunnie brush, and even a bit perhaps of her feminine slit.

"Do you like them, Mr. Kutter?"

"Oh yes," he replied, quite unambiguously. He so much wanted to squeeze his cock right now. Is there anything more adorable than a young lady in her undies?

Julie felt a little silly just standing there in front of her professor, in sexy brassiere and panties, her most preciously private parts easily discernible through the lace. So, she gave him a few traditional pinup poses: hands clasped behind her head with breasts thrust out and hips cocked; from the side with hands on knees, bottom thrust out, and a look of pretend shock on her face, then with lips pursed for a kiss; and from behind, bottom thrust out toward him, looking over her shoulder, looking a little shy and fearful, biting her lower lip. She ended the modeling with a self-conscious giggle. It was all very naughty, but fun.

Mr. Kutter was smiling broadly, but feeling terribly self-conscious. "Yes, um, very nice...." That seemed like too much of an understatement, as if he didn't really appreciate it. "Really nice," he added.

Julie stepped up to him and wrapped her arms tightly around him, giving him a very tight, intimate hug. "It's so nice of you to buy these for me, Mr. Kutter." She instantly felt his erection pressing against her body, but she didn't mind. She in fact found it flattering, and rather exciting. Goodness, not too many undergraduates get to feel their professor's erections!

Mr. Kutter hoped so hard that she wasn't feeling his hardness, but how would that not be possible? He also wasn't too sure what to do with his hands. At first he kept them hanging at his sides, but that seemed rather unfriendly and stiff. He reached around her half-naked body and lightly laid his hands along her lower back and waist. Even just touching her naked skin there felt terribly inappropriate, and nice. He wondered if perhaps he might pat her bottom, all for the purpose of reassuring her that she was going to be a very good tutor.

Julie leaned back a bit to look up at Mr. Kutter. "I do get to keep these, don't I?" She had suddenly realized that if the education department paid for them they would probably prefer that they be kept within the department storage closet for future tutors.

He smiled down at her, and patted her girlish little lacy bottom. "Oh yes, of course. They're for yours to keep."

Julie buried her face in his chest and again squeezed her body hard against him. "You're such a good supervisor, Mr. Kutter, so knowledgeable and generous." She sighed as she felt his stiff dick twitch against her abdomen.

Mr. Kutter's hand stopped patting, but it didn't leave her bottom. It just stayed there, resting upon the soft lacy curves of her munchkin tush. It was frankly so small that he could pretty much encapsulate her entire bottom within one hand.

Julie didn't want to let go. It just felt so nice to be so close and intimate with her professor. Her cunnie was feeling so hot, so inflamed. She gave a little whimper and squirm.

Mr. Kutter knew that he was at a very important decision point. If he went down one road he could very well experience some of the most intense delight and pleasure he had ever had in his life, and likely ever would. But, that road was stricken with equally severe risks, perhaps culminating in the worst time of his life with public humiliation and loss of career. With tremendous reluctance, and even worse ambivalence, he pulled away to say, "Yes, well, Julie, I also think you are going to be an outstanding tutor. I think you've made some excellent selections here, and so, um, I will meet you outside and we can make the purchases."

Julie was surprised, and disappointed. "You don't want me try on anymore?"

Mr. Kutter doubted that he could sustain his self-discipline if he saw her become naked once again, trying on another pair of equally sexy underwear. "No, no, I fully trust your judgment." He could though see the concern, the disappointment, in her eyes. He leaned down, gave her a little kiss on the forehead, and some more reassuring pats on her bottom. He explained, "Frankly, Julie, I don't think my heart could stand anymore," and then made his exit before she could object further.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Julie was very excited to try out her new teaching tools. She came to the next session with Arnold wearing a conservative white blouse, a short yellow summer skirt sprinkled with apples, peaches, plums, and all other sorts of fruits, along with white socks and tennis shoes. It was a pretty casual outfit, but she felt comfortable enough with her progress to date and with the support of Arnold's parents, that she didn't really see the need to dress so formally anymore.

Plus, the loose fitting skirt came in handy when they were walking up the stairs. She pulled it up from behind with her free left hand so that Arnold had a most excellent view of her panty-swaying bottom.

She had decided to wear a thong. It had a pretty yellow bow right at the top of her butt crack, but what clearly was the apple of Arnold's eye was the naked swinging cheeks, which swayed most deliciously within inches of his face as they made their way up the stairs. Walking up stairs does wonders for the appeal of a girl's bottom, and it didn't hurt that Julie's was essentially naked.

Arnold couldn't take his eyes away. A hypnotist with a swinging watch could not have him more mesmerized than the swaying of Julie's little naked bottom. He figured he must have the very best tutor in the world!

Julie stopped just before she reached the top, bent over a bit, and thrust her butt into Arnold's face, the cheeks swelling up, the crack opening a bit. She looked back down at him over her shoulder to ask, "Did you do well in school last week?"

"Yes, ma'am," Arnold replied, feeling so pleased to be able to please his tutor.

"That deserves a couple of kisses."

Arnold smiled, waiting for her to turn around to give him a kiss.

He didn't seem to get her meaning so she thrust her butt back even farther, almost banging him in the face.

Arnold smiled more broadly. Now he got it. He literally kissed the ass of his teacher, once on each cheek, and then snuggled his face deep into the softness of her little butt cushions. He took a deep breath of pleasure. He knew it would feel cool to have his face pressed against a girl's squishy tush cheeks but it also actually smelled really nice in there as well.

Julie had spritzed some perfume down there. That had seemed like the considerate thing to do.

Arnold in fact found it so nice that he pressed his face deep into her cushions, basking in the softness, breathing in deeply the lovely scent.

Julie though suddenly dashed away up the final couple of steps, giggling as she let her skirt fall back down.

Arnold's face stared dumbly behind her, so disappointed to have lost her butt.

When she arrived in his bedroom she was reassured by the sight of lemonade and cookies already being there. Mrs. Woodman was apparently making up for the fact that last time they had to meet in the kitchen. There was now little reason for her to come up.

As Arnold arrived behind her she asked, "So, more specifically, how did you do in your class this week?"

"Really well, Miss Kaplan," he announced, with considerable pride. He reached for his homework on the desk and showed it to her. "I got an A and I was very active in class. I could see that Ms. Yuzuki was really very happy."

Julie smiled as she bit into a cookie. Mrs. Woodman was intrusive, but she did make good cookies. Of course, it wasn't just the cookie that made her smile. Everything was just so, so much better now than the first few weeks. She really had turned things around. Mr. Kutter would be so proud. She would be sure to wear one of her new panties for him as well.

"But," Arnold added, "there's going to be a big test next week."

"You'll do fine, Arnold."

Arnold though didn't share her confidence. "I'm not very good at tests."

"Well," Julie suggested, "maybe we better do some drills, this time for real."

That didn't sound like much fun, but he couldn't expect the tutoring to be fun every time, particularly when there was an important test to prepare for. "Okay," he reluctantly agreed.

Julie pondered how best to proceed. Frankly, she should have been better prepared. She had Arnold's class syllabus. It clearly indicated the test next week. She had apparently become so absorbed with and distracted by her special tutoring, and shopping, that she had failed to check his schedule. This called for a quick decision, a new plan. But any teacher worth her salt can change her lesson plan post haste.

"Alright," she said. "Lie down on the bed."

"What?"

"I think you heard me, young man," she said, acting all authoritative, even shaking a finger at him. "You get on that bed and lie down, young man, on your back, with your head on a pillow."

"Yes, ma'am." Now, this was the kind of drill he might enjoy. Of course, lying down on the bed does not necessarily imply what he was thinking, but what else could it be?

As he made his way to the bed, Julie opened the door, all the way.

That was disappointing to Arnold, to say the least.

Julie explained, "Your mother has interrupted us a couple of times. I want to be sure we hear her coming up the stairs." She even considered suggesting that they leave something on the steps that would make a noise, but that was being a bit melodramatic, as well as perhaps obvious, but she most definitely didn't want to be interrupted. As Arnold suggested, this was going to be a very important lesson.

She slowly strode to the bed, upon which he lay, the lesson planner in one hand, a flirtatious smile on her face. "Now, how do you think we should do the drill, Arnold?"

Arnold's dick was swelling hard in his pants. This time he wanted her to see it, wanted her to notice how excited he was, how much he needed satisfaction.

Julie did notice indeed. It was kind of difficult not to notice. She was glad to see that her pupil was so clearly primed for his lesson. When she reached the bed she raised the front of her skirt, displaying for his eyes the front of her thong, which most definitely was as pleasing as the back, in its own unique way. She was wearing a very berry low rise lace waistband thong with a cotton gusset that demurely hugged her girlish mound. "Do you like my panties?"

Arnold just nodded. He liked them very much. He instinctively glanced at the bedroom door, not entirely comfortable with the idea of leaving it wide open. He had never tried leaving the door wide open when he masturbated. It seemed a bit contrary to the concern for privacy but Julie was the teacher. She should know what's best.

Julie felt like telling Arnold that Mr. Kutter helped to pick out the panties, but that specific detail probably was not necessary. She climbed onto the bed and straddled with her knees Arnold's body. "Now, Arnold, we will do a simple drill. I will ask you questions, and for each one you get right, you get a kiss!"

"Okay," he replied, without a lot of enthusiasm. A kiss is nice, but it wasn't nearly as special as having his dick squeezed and stroked, and now that he had gone down that road, kisses seemed a little infantile, like they were in elementary school and kisses were the closest thing to sex. Of course, if this was their very first session the kissing would have been quite appealing.

"Now, show a bit more enthusiasm, Arnold. This is for your education, and it will be very important to do well on the test." Julie inched up further along the bed. Actually, quite a bit further, to the point where his face slipped beneath her skirt.

Arnold's eyes widened with shock. He most definitely didn't think she would position herself this way for the lesson. Many a time he had wondered what a teacher might look like beneath her skirt. Some of his teachers in high school and college were prone to wearing rather short skirts, and occasionally would need to pick something up off the floor. He had never though ever gotten any good peeks. Now he was being provided a front row seat, and he was most appreciative indeed. His eyes glazed with lust up the lily white thighs of his tutor, closely studying the very berry panty clinging so tightly to her cunnie mound.

It was a rather lewd, if not obscene, position for a teacher to take, relative to her student. But, one benefit of having his face entirely covered by her skirt was that he couldn't see her face, which was reddening with discomfiture.

"Okay, then," she announced, "first question: what is the order of operations?"

Whoa! That really wasn't that easy. He could probably work it out if he saw a problem, but to just list them by rote? He asked from beneath her skirt, "Do I have to include them all?"

"Yes, yes, I'm afraid so, Arnold." She had to admit that it was also a little funny to have him asking questions from beneath her skirt.

Arnold thought for a bit, his eyes fixed on her soft cotton gusset.

Julie helped him with a hint: "Think of a relative."

Now, that was a bit perverse, wasn't it? But, he quickly understood the clue: "Please excuse my dear Aunt Sally; parentheses, exponents, multiplication and division, and addition and subtraction!"

"That's a good boy! Now, give your Aunt Sally a nice big kiss," and she quickly lowered her soft feminine mound onto the young man's face. She was aiming for his lips, but not being able to see them, and being rather inexperienced at this, she landed on his nose, but immediately slipped down to lodge her warm feminine softness right on his mouth.

"Mmmmmmm," she quietly sighed as she made contact. Nothing but her own fingers, as well as the occasional doctor, had ever touched her there before. The contact with a boy's lips was instantly pleasing.

Arnold was taken quite by surprise. Perhaps he shouldn't have been, given how her body was positioned when she asked the question, but he was thinking that she was just doing that to let him have another peek. He really didn't think she would offer her cunt as a prize, particularly not this way. But, of course, he wasn't complaining.

Once the initial shock had passed he quickly took to giving his "Aunt Sally" all the kisses she might want. He even rubbed and squirmed his lips around a bit, figuring she might appreciate that as well.

"Oh my," Julie gasped as she felt the young man do even more than just kissing. Now, that was indeed pleasing! "Gracious," she exclaimed as she looked down, barely noticing any movement beneath her skirt. She glanced over her shoulder at the opened bedroom door, and then lifted herself off his face.

Much as she had enjoyed it, there were more questions to consider. "Yes, well, very nice, Arnold, now, try this one: what's the fifth power of the one-tenth root of 25?"

That really wasn't hard, but not so easy to do in one's head. But, Arnold was truly inspired. He quickly answered, "5!"

"Very good!" and Julie again lowered herself onto his mouth. This was the kind of lesson that any teacher would enjoy, because both the student and the teacher got rewarded. Julie was definitely smiling for more reasons than one as she rubbed and writhed her cunnie on the boy's face.

Arnold breathed in deeply her perfume, along with the natural musky scent of his teacher's warming cunt. He had always imagined that someday he would be able to do this, that a girl would in fact want to sit on his face. However, he would not have been surprised if no girl ever really wanted to do it, particularly not one as pretty as Julie, and, of course, especially not a teacher. Yet, here it was, a cunt crushed against his mouth. It was truly a moment to treasure.

He reached up with his hands to grasp the soft cheeks of Julie's bottom, squeezing them beneath her skirt, feeling the loveliness of bare hand on bare bottom as his lips ground and grinded against her equally soft cunt.

Julie though pulled away again. It wasn't that easy this time because she had to wrench her butt from Arnold's gripping, squeezing hands. Frankly, she wouldn't mind just staying there but she did have some clear responsibilities as his tutor. "What is zero to the zero power?"

He hesitated, knowing the answer but not wanting to make a mistake, then answered "1 or 0." He reached up to pull her down

Julie though wasn't quite ready. "No, no. Part two of that question is to explain why."

Actually, nobody really knew for certain why, let alone the true correct answer. It was an algebraic indeterminate, but he explained, using examples of divisible powers how any number to the zero power would logically be one, and then how zero to any power is logically zero.

Julie smiled with such pride as he explained from beneath her skirt. He really deserved a very special kiss for this, and before he was entirely finished she reached beneath her skit to pull her thong aside, revealing to his eyes, her naked bare cunt.

This now did feel very obscene for her. Before she could change her mind she sat down on him, laying her heated twat directly onto his mouth.

Arnold took to the task with renewed relish and vigor. He had not been using his tongue before, feeling that perhaps Miss Kaplan wouldn't want him to get her panties all wet with his tongue. But, this was altogether different and he immediately took to licking, sucking, nibbling, and slurping her hot girlish hairy pie.

"Oh, Arnold," Julie gasped, her breaths and breasts heaving with excitement and passion. She twitched and squirmed atop him, rubbing her cunt deeper against and into his mouth, her left hand still holding the lesson book, the right hand squeezing her breasts, her stiffened nipple, shifting a bit at times so that the boy gave equal attention to her swollen and throbbing clit, which was now about as big and hard as her tit nip.

Arnold now appreciated well how hot and wet a girl could get down there. He smelled the heat and felt her feminine juices sliding down his check and chin, as well as down his throat.

Julie was so lost in her excitement, her hot lust, that she didn't notice at first how much noise Arnold was making, and when she did she found herself both embarrassed and aroused by it, hearing a boy making all sorts of slurpy slushy noises on her cunt. It just sounded so base, so animalistic, so fucking obscene.

She wrenched her cunt from his lips and tongue, pausing before asking the next question as she needed some time to catch her breath, regain her composure.

She eventually asked, breathlessly, "Okay...what is the square root of 24 times...the square root of 6?" It wasn't that hard a question, but she was losing a bit of her concentration. She was realizing that this was a potential downside to this method of teaching, of motivational learning, and she would have to report this to Mr. Kutter, but at the moment she didn't really care.

"Twelve," Arnold replied.

"Yes," Julie gasped as she almost fell back onto his face and gasped, "Suck on it, Arnold, lick it so fucking good." Now, that wasn't the type of language that a teacher should use. But, experimental methods that were truly innovative did often push the envelope.

Julie could feel how wet and hot she was, and she had to wonder how wet and sloppy his face was becoming. His mother would probably not approve of that, but simply allowing him to occasionally dab his cheek and lips with a napkin, and probably even his nose, would not likely make her happy. What was making Julie happy was very clear. She squeezed his head with her thighs, crushing her cunt against his face, running the risk of actually smothering him with her cunt.

Arnold returned the gesture with his own, slipping a finger down into the crack of her bottom to lightly caress and tickle his teacher's little puckered anus.

"Oh my goodness!" Julie squealed, feeling herself suddenly about to cum, and she quickly pulled away.

She was gasping furiously, feminine fluids running down her thigh. With her head a bit light and faint, she shifted, turning her body around so that she was facing the door, and his crotch. She was turning to keep an eye, and ear, on the stairs, but her eyes went to her pupil's very clear bulge.

She leaned forward, laid down the lesson book, and undid his belt, button, and zipper, quickly extracting his erection.

Arnold lay quietly beneath her, so thankful and grateful that she had taken his cock from his pants. He waited patiently, anxiously, for what she might be intending to do with it.

For a while Julie just stared at it. There it was: her first real live hard penis. It looked so fucking big, so menacing, like an actual battering ram with a big angry red crown on the end. She felt like a camper who was confronted with a big snake upon waking up in the morning. A petite girl like herself could never get anything like that inside. For a moment she felt that she probably did have a good reason for having felt so timid and intimidated all these years by men. But, she was also stricken by another reaction: of hunger, a lustful hunger, and a thirst. She lowered her face, opening her mouth up real, real wide, and took it inside, immediately exploring with her tongue its bigness, its shape, its texture, its taste.

"Oh fuck." It was Arnold's turn to gasp. He would have been quite willing to return the favor with his own tongue but for the moment Julie was concentrating on something else.

She was surprised at how nice it felt in her mouth. "Suck my dick" was such an insult she would have assumed that actually doing it must really be terribly gross and disgusting, but it wasn't, not at all. It was clearly very excitingly licentious. She enjoyed its rough manly feel within her mouth, and how she was clearly making it so terribly excited. She wondered if there must be something instinctually satisfying for a girl to have a hard cock in her mouth. It just felt so right, so good, so delightful. She wrapped her hands around the shaft and pumped it as she suckled on the knob.

"Fuck," Arnold gasped in return, and reached up for his tutor's cunt. He couldn't wait for his turn any longer.

As Julie let herself be lowered down onto his face Arnold suddenly shifted up and altered with his hands the position of her bottom just a bit. He pulled away the thong, and placed his tongue, right on her butt hole.

Julie immediately tore her mouth from his cock. She loudly squealed, "Arnold!" at the shockingly obscene contact. Sitting on a boy's face is clearly a very dirty thing to do, but she had most definitely not been suggesting or implying that he do anything like that! He had clearly misunderstood. "That's a bad boy! That's a very bad boy," she asserted, but she did not pull her butt away. She remained motionless, like a deer caught in the headlights, too shocked to move, yet equally surprised at how tingly nice it felt. She stared straight ahead, her eyes wide open, as the young man's tongue cleansed and tickled her anus.

She was suddenly reminded of the time her family visited Tokyo, and experienced for the first time a Japanese toilet. It was so fucking shocking, yet so, so much fun. Her parents began to wonder if there was something wrong with her, as she kept visiting the bathroom.

Arnold had surprised himself as well. But, after seeing, fondling, and squeezing those cute little pale tushy cheeks he wanted to do more. As Julie had said, it's always good to surprise your teacher by doing more than just what was required.

And, he discovered, he didn't mind doing it. He thought he might find it repugnant, but in the spirited heat of the moment, his balls churning with lust, his dick being absorbed in a girl's mouth for the very first time, he would likely try just about anything, and he was pleasantly surprised at how much fun it really was. It just felt so intimate, wanton, and perverse to tickle and nibble at his teacher's little curly sensitive rosebud. He sorely doubted that any other student had ever done that for her before. If this was his classroom teacher then most definitely he should get an "A," at least for effort. He licked and lapped her butt hole like it was coated with ice cream.

Julie's eyes glazed over and she returned to the young man's swollen dick, squeezing, fondling, caressing, and stroking it with even greater urgency as she resumed licking, lapping, and slurping on his shiny slick swollen knob.

She was pumping her face up and down on his dick, fucking her face with his cock, using both her lips and her fist to stroke the shaft, pounding the angry swollen knob against her soft, wet, tongue.

Arnold, in turn, brought a hand around to slip his fingers onto then into her cunt, quickly finding the hard nub to rub and diddle as if he was trying to destroy a maddeningly severe itch.

Julie pumped his shaft with fury as she slipped her tongue down into his cock slit, doing whatever she could to get this well to deliver its crude, its wealth, its load but, before it arrived, she suddenly began shuddering in paroxysms of lust and passion. Her own damn had burst forth and her orgasm swept over like tsunami tidal waves, engulfing her mind and body in frenzied blasts of lustfully blissful waves.

But, she didn't have to wait long for the young man to respond, as he reciprocated the cue of his teacher with his own explosion. His dick suddenly lurched, his balls convulsing, as a large glob of cum burst up his shaft, gushing from the crown like a plugged pipe was blasting off its cap.

Julie's mouth quickly began to fill with the sticky gumpy boy stuff, but being such an inspired tutor she did not show any fear. On the contrary, she continued to prime the pump with her fist while licking and lapping away at the spewing knob, clearing the way for one gush after another.

Arnold had never felt so intensely blissful. There is no greater fundamental pleasure than when one is within the throes of an orgasm. He thrust his tongue deep up into his teacher's ass as he squeezed her clit between a finger and thumb.

Julie trembled and shivered with her shuddering climax, her cunt quivering on the boy's fingers, her sphincter clenching his tongue, her mouth continuing to fill with his viscous cum, as his dick spurted and sprayed globs and wads, again, and again, and again.

Even when he appeared done she still did not remove her mouth from his dick. She just lay there, her sloppy wet cunt resting on his face, his tired dripping cock subsiding within her mouth. They both needed to catch their breaths, albeit both their mouths were still rather occupied.

She did eventually roll off the young man, groggily getting back onto her feet. She had swallowed a bit of his cum, but not much. The bulk of it was still in her mouth. She found its texture and taste so curious, so appealing.

Arnold reached down and slipped his cock back into his pants, zipped up, buttoned, and redid his built. He smiled shyly at his teacher, feeling a little funny. Was she going to be upset that he had just squirted all of his stuff into her mouth? He hadn't even given her any warning. "I'm going to study real hard now, you know," he reassured her.

"Ith shlr you'll wlth," she replied.

He did indeed do very well on the test.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I hope you liked it! Let me know if you are interested in any sequels. This can clearly go in a few directions. And, please, if you did like it, then most definitely take the time to cast a vote. I need as well my own source of motivation...