Naked at Home Ch. 01
byCharles Petersunn©

This story is in the genre of the "Naked at College" series, but now at home. As such, it is very, very incestuous. If you don't like stories involving incest there is no way you should read this one. You will just be appalled if not disgusted, and you would be much better off reading something you would actually enjoy. Otherwise, enjoy! P.S., the story has a bit of CFNM. To best understand the principles of The Program it would be useful to have read "Naked at College." Finally, everyone in this story is at least eighteen years old.

Chapter 01: Jeff

The Andersons were a rather unique family. They were quite open-minded, liberal, and forward thinkers. Mr. and Mrs. Anderson were well educated, both having graduated from Abberville College with honors. Mr. Anderson went on to law school and was now a very successful lawyer, quickly becoming an associate partner of Wagner, Cronenberg, Tenyari, and Orblover, a rather successful and well-regarded firm specializing in divorce, mortgage, and estate law. And, being a lawyer, Mr. Anderson was a man who knew his rights.

Alex and Donna Anderson, however, were very concerned about their children. Well, they weren't really children any more. Mary was 18 and Jeff was 20. They were both now themselves college students. Jeff was attending Templeton, whereas Mary was attending Abberville, just like her parents. Alex and Donna were quite pleased with that, but their concern was that Jeff and Mary weren't excelling in their studies as the two of them had done when they were themselves at Abberville. Neither of their kids appeared to have the discipline, the motivation, to truly succeed in life. They couldn't live forever off the success, the income, the savings, that Mr. Anderson had struggled to accumulate through his own hard work. They needed to learn that someday they would be on their own and would have to fend for themselves, yet their grades in college were worse than their grades had been in high school. If not for Mr. Anderson's connections, and perhaps Mrs. Anderson's charm during the admissions interviews, Mary and Jeff might not have even been admitted. Yet, here they were, squandering and frittering away an opportunity that would be coveted by so many other young adults.

They were at a loss for what to do, until one day when Mary, home for summer vacation after having completed her first year at Abberville, told them about a new pedagogical technique implemented this past year, called The Program (see "Naked at College"). Mr. Anderson was very intrigued by this apparent innovation in the training, education, and development of today's youth, and he asked Mary to obtain some pamphlets and texts on the method. Mary was not too happy to hear about that. She had only told her father about it because it was such a strange and provocative event. She hadn't imagined that he would actually be interested in it. She had assume that he would just be shocked, if not appalled. But she did as her father had instructed. She wasn't the most hard working daughter but she was never openly defiant or disobedient.

Mr. Anderson learned that the primary purpose of The Program was to help develop personal growth, adjustment, and self-esteem. However, as he read more and more material, particularly the original papers of Mr. Peters from Templeton College, he discovered that some variation of this approach could also be used to develop better self-discipline, motivation, and dedication. Yes, they would have to try this at home. After all, discipline does begin at home.

He discussed it with his wife, Donna. She was surprisingly excited about the idea, although perhaps Alex should not have been so surprised. Donna had always been the more liberal, the more open-minded, the more free thinker, of the two. She always liked to try new things, even daring things. It had in fact been Donna's idea to join The Enthusiasts Club, and that had turned out pretty good, for the both of them.

Mr. Anderson announced his plans after dinner the following day.

Mary and Jeff were shocked, to say the least. They exclaimed, almost in unison, "Naked?" "We're supposed to be naked?" "No clothes?!" "You want us to get naked?" "Are you nuts?!"

Their appalled astonishment was perhaps understandable, but that last comment, from Jeff, was precisely the problem. Children should not say such things to their parents, even when they are young adults. It's just so disrespectful!

"No, no," Mr. Anderson replied, trying to settle the storm down. "Just Jeffrey." Mr. and Mrs. Anderson had decided that Jeff would be the first to participate.

"What?!" Jeff protested.

Mary smiled.

Mr. Anderson added, "And, Jeff, we, your parents, are not nuts. We are just concerned, as any parents would be."

Mrs. Anderson added, "The two of you have so much potential to accomplish so much in life. We just wish the best for you and we want to do everything within our power to make your dreams come true."

"Yea, well," Jeff retorted, "What if I don't agree. What if I just won't do it."

"That's not a problem at all," Mr. Anderson replied matter-of-factly. "You're an adult. You're both at least eighteen. You don't have to do what we say anymore."

Jeff smiled. It was so cool being an adult.

"But, if you won't consider our request, if you won't at least give it a try, well, I suppose, we might just reconsider funding your college education."

Jeff shrugged his shoulders. He wasn't too interested in college anyway.

That did, though, make Mary a little nervous. She really liked going to college. She didn't like studying, that's for sure, but she sure liked the independence of college, meeting new people, the parties, and all of it was for free. It was like having a four-year vacation. And, she had just started! Jeff might be willing to toss it aside, as he was almost done. He's already had his fun. But, Mary needn't worry, at least not about Jeff.

"And," Mr. Anderson added, "I suspect that we would have to reconsider your monthly stipend." He called it a stipend. It was essentially an allowance, but stipend seemed like a better term for someone who was twenty years old. "Plus, I suspect you might need to consider looking for an apartment of your own and I expect that you will need to find some form of employment to pay for all of it. Of course, we will be very happy to help you pack."

Jeff knew that his father had him there. He really did need the stipend. Plus, he wasn't about to get a job, at least not until after he graduated and, frankly, at this point he had no idea what that job might be. With considerable reluctance and resignation, he responded, "Well, alright then." Once he said it he couldn't believe he had.

"Excellent!" Mr. Anderson said. "Isn't that just wonderful, honey?"

"Yes, dear, it is," Mrs. Anderson agreed, trying to suppress a smile. She could not help feeling a bit apprehensive about this, having her son be naked in the house. Of course, though, she had seen both of her children naked many, many times before. But that had been quite a long time ago. It would naturally be quite a bit different now that they were all grown up. Still, she would have to admit that she was a bit curious about Jeff, now that he was a young man. That was in part why she was quite happy to have him go first, although she might not have been fully conscious of how interested and curious she was.

"Alright then," Mr. Anderson exclaimed. "Let's get started. As I said, we've decided, the missus and I, that Jeff would start it off. If you wouldn't mind, Jeff, you can remove your clothes and lay them, nicely folded, on the sideboard."

"Right now?!"

"Now is as good a time as any. Why don't you in fact stand over there, at the entranceway to the dining room and remove them there, right by the sideboard. That way the whole family can have a pretty good view."

Jeff at first just shook his head. This was so unbelievable, so ridiculous, so screwed up on so many levels. He had heard, of course, of The Program at Abberville and in fact had thought of visiting his sister there, on a Monday, when they usually held a demonstration. He had even imagined the pleasure it would be to see his little sister be a participant. More than once he had suggested that she perhaps volunteer to be a participant, but she just gave him a look, and not a particularly friendly look. He had never imagined that someday he would become a participant.

It was at least within the privacy of their home, thank goodness for that. That was some consolation. Actually, that was quite a bit of consolation. It would be far, far worse to have to do something like this in front of all of his friends, in front of strangers, and in front of the faculty at college. He couldn't imagine ever having to do that.

But this was still in front of his mother and, worse yet, Mary! How ironic it was. Just last week he was teasing her about being a participant in The Program next year, and then likely sneaking onto campus to get a peek at his naked younger sister. Now the tables were quite fully turned. As he got up from the table he glanced over at Mary, and he was not particularly happy to see that there was a bit of a smirk on her face.

"Mary doesn't have to be here for this, does she?"

"Well, yes, of course, Jeffrey," his father replied. "She is part of the family, after all. We can't leave her out, and doing so would, of course, be entirely inconsistent with the spirit and nature of The Program." He turned to Mary. "Wouldn't it, pumpkin?"

Mary now openly smiled. "Yes it would, daddy. Yes it would."

"Yes, yes, very much so. I always say, if you're going to do something, do it right. Now hip hop boy! Everyone has plans for this evening and the dining room table will not clear itself off."

Jeff strode slowly and reluctantly over to the entrance into the hallway that joins the kitchen and dining room. He tried to tell himself things that made it feel better, or at least less worse. It was always helpful to downward compare. Someplace, somewhere, somebody was having it worse than him right now and they were making it through that tough time. So would he, eventually. He in fact thought about rumors he had heard regarding Miss Harding's methods of discipline at Templeton (see "Miss Harding provides a demonstration"). He avoided her classes precisely for that reason. Not only did boys have to remove their clothes, they were even spanked and masturbated, or at least so went the rumors. Nothing like that was going to happen here.

Once he got to his destination he slowly removed his clothes. First came the shirt, which he carefully folded on the sideboard, as his father had instructed. He would normally just toss his clothes aside, much to the annoyance of Mrs. Anderson. But he knew if he did anything like that now this whole experience could get much worse, if that was possible.

He removed his shoes, carefully placing them aside. He then asked, "Can I at least keep on my socks? My feet will get cold."

Mr. Anderson furrowed his brow. Jeff was no longer a boy. He was a man now and should be able to handle chilly toes.

But, Mrs. Anderson interceded before her husband could deny her son at least this small bit of comfort. "Yes, yes, that will be fine, Jeffrey. We don't want you catching a cold."

It was a small victory, but small victories were about all that Jeff could hope for.

Mary's eyes widened as she watched her brother work on his belt and slacks. She had seen participants in The Program while at college, but only a few of them and each time not for very long. None had ever been in any of her classes, as she was just a freshman and participants were typically chosen from the more senior classes. She would only catch glimpses of them as they made their way to their next class, and even then they were typically surrounded by quite a crowd. Still, though, she had gotten a few good peeks that were pretty darned entertaining, but none of them measured up to actually being this close, this intimate, and this was even with her haughty brother! She broke into a smile as she watched Jeffrey slide his slacks down his legs and then carefully fold and lay them on the table.

Jeff turned to face his family, now wearing only his briefs and socks. He avoided eye contact with his sister, but not with his mother. He looked to her for his final reprieve. "Must I really do this, mums?"

As a boy he had called her mums. He hadn't used that endearment for years, and it did touch and pull on Mrs. Anderson's heart. She looked to her husband, who did not betray any reaction in his expression. He didn't need to.

It isn't easy being a parent. There are so many times when one has to make the tough choices, when one has to deny your children, the ones you love so very much, something that they appear to so desperately want, or demand of them something they so desperately loath or fear to do. It's all about being a good and proper parent and making the right choices. Mr. Anderson knew that, and so did his wife.

Donna did hesitate. She did look to her husband. But, she also made the right choice, the right decision. "Take down your briefs, Jeffrey," she intoned with her most authoritative voice.

"Mums, please," he implored.

She warned, "Would you prefer that your sister pull them down?" Mrs. Anderson turned to her daughter. "Mary, why don't you get up there and help your brother. He seems to need the assistance of his little sister to get his undies down."

He certainly didn't want that, and without further hesitation he quickly pulled them down and off, keeping himself hidden with his left hand as he folded his briefs and laid them on his slacks. He turned back to his family. His father scolded, "Take your hand away, son. Be a man."

Somehow Jeff didn't feel terribly much like a man right now. He felt more like a kid again. When he was little he would have to take off all of his clothes, and at times even when his sister was present. He had not minded when he was little, but as he grew physically he grew psychologically to dislike it. Well, being full grown now he really, really didn't like it. "Listen, I promise to buckle down in school next semester."

This is what his father wanted to hear, but he knew his son would promise just about anything right now.

"You know, Alex," Mrs. Anderson suggested, "Perhaps Jeffrey is right."

'At last,' Jeff thought. He knew his mother would weaken. She never followed through on any punishment, at least when he gave her those pleading looks. His mother was such a pushover. "Thanks, mums," he said.

"Yes, I'm not so sure it would be right to have him be naked in front of his sister. Mary, why don't you get a pair of your panties for him to put on. I think he'll feel better in those, and perhaps a brassiere as well. That would make a cute picture, don't you think, Alex?"

Jeff sighed in defeat and removed his hand, exposing to his family, his mother, his sister, his penis and testicles. He never felt so embarrassed, so humiliated.

And Mary didn't help by immediately giggling. She had seen men's parts before. She was not a slut by any means, but she had seen her share and usually they were in a much more impressive state. Jeffrey's penis looked a little silly all curled up. He wasn't even circumcised and so his penis appeared to be tucked away in its own little comforter.

"Now Mary," her mother admonished, "Don't laugh at your brother's penis. It's not polite."

"Yes, mother," Mary replied, having considerable difficulty stifling any further giggling, but knowing that laughter might just put her right beside her brother.

"Alright then, Jeffrey," his father instructed. "You will remain without clothes for the rest of the evening and you must remain in the presence of at least one member of the family at all times. Is that understood?"

"Yes, father," he replied.

"Alright then, let's get the dining room table cleared and the dishes washed."

The next few minutes proceeded as they usually did after a family meal, with the boys helping to clear off the table and the women in the kitchen starting the dishes. Jeff's face was at first beet red as he carried dirty plates, pots, bowls, glasses, and silverware into the kitchen, wearing only his socks. But, after all, as long as he kept his eyes averted from Mary, it actually wasn't that entirely horrible. After the initial shock was over, one could perhaps get used to it. After all, these were his parents. How odd or perverse is it for one's parents to see you naked? His sister was a different story, but he managed to avoid noticing her, although she was clearly noticing him, and quite a bit of him.

When the table was cleared the men would then shift to wiping, drying and putting things away as the ladies continued the washing. Mr. Anderson would often volunteer to help wash, and would at times suggest that his wife really shouldn't be doing anything at all. But, she did in fact prefer to wash the dishes herself. Alex did a fine job when he washed, but never quite up to the standard that Donna preferred. And, she didn't really mind. Cleaning the dishes and putting them away was itself a family event, or at least it had been before their children had become teenagers and began to insist that they had more important things to do, like their homework, which both parents fully knew was just an excuse for them to escape to the safety and privacy of their bedrooms.

Tonight, though, was different. Jeff was fully engaged in the drying, and even Mary made no attempt to get out of it. Of course, Mary was there primarily to ogle her brother, particularly his cute, taut, white bottom. It was interesting how it subtly wiggled as he dried a plate. That really wasn't so noticeable when he was wearing pants.

Jeff though found the wiping and drying to be a moment of respite, as he could stand close to the kitchen counter, effectively hiding his personal parts. Of course, he knew his bare butt was open to the eyes of his sister, but as long as kept his mind on the task he kept it off of his embarrassment. In fact, his mother noticed that this evening he was doing a remarkably splendid job of drying off the plates. He had typically been quite lax in his effort. For some reason, this evening, he was really applying himself, making sure that each plate, each utensil, was thoroughly and definitely dry before he handed it to his father to be put away.

Mrs. Anderson asked Mary, "Honey, when are your little friends coming over to play?"

Jeff's eyes widened with shock, and anxiety.

"Mother," Mary implored, "they are not my 'little friends.' Goodness sakes, we're all eighteen, college girls. And, we're not going to play. We're just going to hang around awhile, and then go out."

"Yes, yes, dear, of course, but must you go out every night?"

"What is there to do here?"

Mrs. Anderson paused in her washing to look directly at her daughter. "Honey, don't say things like that. Please, we're family. We can play a game of cards, or something."

"Yea, right," Mary responded sarcastically. "That's exactly what my friends want to do, play cards with my parents."

Mrs. Anderson sighed deeply. The way Mary was behaving she wondered if perhaps she should be the first one to participate in the Anderson Program. But, it's too late to change that now. "Well, you don't have to get snippy, dear."

"No, mother," Mary acknowledged, realizing that perhaps she might have gone too far in speaking so sarcastically. She had done so many times before, but with Jeff naked before her, she could quite vividly see what might be in store for her.

"How about with your brother?"

"What?" Mary responded.

"What?" Jeff responded.

"Excellent idea," Mr. Anderson responded. "Let Jeff play with you. He's not going out this evening."


"Daddy," Mary reiterated, "we're not going to be playing." It was an instinctive response to her father's infantile way of addressing her, and to his suggestion. In actuality, the roles were rather reversed. It was Jeff who had always been admonished in the past to let Mary play with him. She adored him when she was little, but he kept brushing her aside. And, as soon as she finished her sentence, she realized that this could indeed be fun, much more fun than even when she was little. "But, you know, I think that it would fine for Jeffrey to play with us. We can maybe play a game, or something."

Jeff was astonished. "Are you kidding?!"

"Oh Mary, that's so sweet of you," Mrs. Anderson replied. She was also reminded when Mary so much enjoyed playing with her brother.

"C'mon guys, don't I have a say in this?" Jeff implored.

"No, not really," his father answered. "And besides," having the same recollection most everyone in the room was having, "You hardly ever would let your sister play with you and your friends. I think it's only fitting that you play with her friends now." He turned to Mary. "When are they coming over?" She had never gotten to answering that question.

"Well, pretty soon, actually."

"Wonderful," Mr. Anderson said. "Won't that be fun. Just like when you were kids again," although none of Mary's friends were still kids. They were all eighteen, just like Mary.

Ding, ding......ding, ding. It was the doorbell. At least one of Mary's friends had arrived. "You go answer the door, Mary," Mrs. Anderson instructed. "Jeff can finish up the dishes with me. When all your friends have arrived, I'll send him up."

"Yes, mother," Mary gleefully replied, in small part because she got out of doing more dishes but in large part because she couldn't wait to tell her friends. She dashed off for the front door, leaving Jeff with his parents

As soon as she left Jeff tried to press his case. "Mother, must I really?"

Mrs. Anderson sighed with disappointment, and frustration. "Jeffrey, you sound just like you did when you were a boy, refusing to play with your sister and her friends. I would hope that now that you are all grown up you would be more mature and considerant. You know how much they adore you."

One of them, Patsy Emerson, did in fact "adore" him when she was younger. She had a crush on him. But, obviously, that was years ago. His mother didn't seem to appreciate that it was doubtful that they did still "adore" him and, in fact, that wasn't really the point, was it? "Mother, that's hardly the point. The point is that I'm naked, for goodness sake!"

"Well, you should have thought about that while you were frittering away at college, letting your grades slip. Now, as your father instructed, be a man and take your punishment."

Jeff was silent during the rest of the dish washing. He was reminded of the movie, "Dead Man Walking." Well, that was perhaps a bit melodramatic. He wasn't facing a death sentence. Obviously, anyone on death row would trade positions with him in a second. But, still, each time the door bell rang, it seemed to toll for him.

By the sound of the bells as times passed, or at least absence of sound for some time, it seemed that all of Mary's friends had arrived by the time they were done with the dishes. Mrs. Anderson then prepared a serving of cookies for Jeff to bring up to the girls. They were not home made cookies. It was just Oreo cookies on a serving platter, along with four bottles of cola, each with a straw. The doorbell had rang three times, and so Mrs. Anderson naturally assumed that Mary had three visitors. She wasn't entirely sure that all of them would like the cola. Milk is a much better choice for Oreo cookies than cola, but she remembered how embarrassed and annoyed Mary had been when she came up to her room earlier this summer with a tray of milk and cookies. As Mary explained, milk was for kids.

With considerable trepidation, Jeff left the kitchen with the tray of cola and cookies. A bit of the trepidation was due to the difficulty in keeping the colas balanced on the tray. He had no real experience as a waiter. Plus, his socks were a bit slippery on the hard wood floor of the hallway, and then he faced walking up the stairs to his sister's bedroom. Still, the worse part was that he was slowly but surely walking to his doom. He wasn't Dead Man Walking, but he did feel like Naked Man Walking.

When he reached his sister's bedroom on the second floor he could hear the girls whispering and tittering inside. He had to figure that they were talking about him. He moved the tray a bit away from his body and inspected himself. His penis was still all squirreled and shriveled up. He considered trying to make it a bit bigger before he entered his sister's bedroom, but he dreaded even more the thought of getting caught doing so. Plus, what if they sensed that he was partly erect?

He couldn't really knock with his hands, holding the tray of colas and cookies, nor could he effectively knock with his stocking feet. He called out. "Hey, I've got some cookies for you!"

The girls felt that he certainly did, although they wouldn't really refer to his stuff as cookies. Perhaps, though, from now on a couple of them would.

Patsy scrambled to the door to open it up for Jeff. The eyes of the other two girls, Gloria and Sara, lit up and their hearts raced. Mary turned her face away in anticipation. The obvious delight of her friends made her brother's nudity seem quite a bit more prurient than it had been with her parents.

Patsy gleefully opened the door. Her eyes went wide, her mouth fell open, and her free hand went to her mouth with shock, amusement, and glee at the sight of Mary's older brother, standing right there in the doorway, holding a tray of sodas and cookies, entirely naked. Well, with the exception of his socks.

Jeff was a reasonably attractive boy. He was about five feet, 10 inches. He was in pretty good shape, with excellent muscle tone. He was in fact on the track team at college (he specialized in the pole vault). He also had rather handsome features. His face was nicely symmetrical, he had a strong, firm chin with masculine, dark stubble, thick eye lashes, alluring brown eyes, and thick, wavy brown hair. But, much of that was perhaps offset by his still anxious, withdrawn, and rather little penis.

Patsy though was reminded of how much, and why, she had a crush on Jeff when she was younger. He did still look like the handsome guy she had remembered, perhaps even more so now that he had grown into a young man, with all that dark masculine stubble along his jawbone and chin. And, well, frankly, he was even cuter entirely naked. His arms and chest were rather muscular, and she thought his penis looked very cute. "Goodness, Mary, Jeff has certainly all grown up," she said with a bit of coquettish flirtation in her voice.

"Well, not all of him, by the looks of it," Sara disagreed, a comment that resulted in a considerable amount of giggling and tittering among the three girls on the bed, including Jeff's sister.

Jeff glared and Patsy came to his defense. "That's not fair, girls. It is a little chilly this evening and he's probably feeling a bit nervous."

Jeff appreciated Patsy's comment. He might have in fact dated her if she wasn't such a close friend of his sister, although back then, when she had the crush on him he wouldn't have dated anyone so much younger and immature than him. A two year difference though is no longer that striking or meaningful at his current age. He had indeed grown up, as she suggested, and so had Patsy. He wondered if perhaps he should have dated her, as he could see that she was a very pretty girl, with long straight blonde hair, rosy red and dimpled cheeks, sparkling green eyes, large curved lashes, and very kissable pursed lips. Plus, she had filled out rather well, and her breasts were being rather prominently displayed this evening in a tight, form fitting sweater. Patsy definitely had rather large round boobs. The way they stood out from her chest it just seemed like she wanted you to handle and squeeze them or at least certainly admire them. Jeff felt his balls and penis stirring at the thought, and he quickly looked away. It can be difficult enough to hide an erection within boxers and slacks, a not uncommon problem for many of the boys at Templeton. Hiding any such reaction now would be quite impossible, to say the least.

"C'mon, Jeff," Sara admonished, "bring the tray over here and serve your guests."

He was obviously hoping that he could just leave the tray on Mary's desk or vanity table, but realistically he knew he wasn't going to be that lucky. With considerable apprehension he strode over to the bed, the tray of colas and cookies presented for their pleasure on the tray, his penis and testicles for their amusement, and perhaps pleasure, below the tray.

As he made his way to the bed Patsy really couldn't resist the temptation. A boy's bottom was a really very engaging sight: both masculine in its tautness and boyishly innocent in its soft roundness. She gave him a few playful, encouraging pats on his bare butt, leaving her hand there for a bit after the last pat.

"Patsy!" Mary exclaimed in protest. She was still finding it a bit difficult to be sharing the nakedness of her brother with her friends, but she was now at least stealing glances and had noticed Patsy's indiscretion. She wasn't protesting to defend or protect Jeff. It just seemed a little too weird to actually be touching, and even fondling, her brother, particularly in her presence. Plus, she asserted, "Students aren't supposed to touch participants in The Program."

Patsy did let go but retorted, "But we're not at school now."

"Yea, well, I don't think my parents would like it."

Gloria, the third of Mary's three visiting friends, suggested, "But they're not here right now, are they."

"Yea, well, what if he got..." Mary couldn't finish the sentence.

"Oh my goodness," Patsy exclaimed, and all three of her friends giggled over that, stealing nervous and excited glances at Jeff's limp penis hidden from his eyes beneath the tray but certainly not from theirs, imagining it actually getting stiff and hard. "C'mon," Jeff complained, "take these bottles before I spill them, okay?"

Patsy took hers, giving him another playful pat on the bottom, and then went around to the other side of the bed to climb aboard.

Gloria, sitting at the back edge of the bed next to Jeff, took two of the bottles, handing one over to Mary, who was seated the farthest way from Jeff, on Patsy's side.

Sara slid over to the front edge of the bed, to get closer to the tray. She looked up at Jeff with her large round blue eyes, looking mournfully plaintive, "and can I have your cookies too, Jeffrey?"

"Help yourself," he glumly replied, leaning forward and bringing the tray down a bit.

"That's so sweet of you," she innocently replied and reached under the tray to lightly cup his testicles.

"Hey!" Jeff squealed, lurching suddenly at the quite disconcerting feel of the girl's soft fingers on his testicles. It was not at all an unpleasant feeling, but it was quite surprising, and he almost spilled the contents of the tray. Fortunately, Sara had reached at the same time for the remaining cola with her other hand.

"Sara!" Patsy was now protesting, not because she objected in principle to Jeff being fondled but because if she couldn't do it then certainly Sara shouldn't be able to. Frankly, she was rather jealous.

Sara, however, did not remove her fingers. She was in fact lightly caressing the young man's testicles, much to the shocked eyes of the other girls. She explained, still looking into Jeff's eyes, "I don't really like Oreo cookies. I like nuts instead."

Jeff didn't know quite how to react. He supposed he should be very angry and offended, and he could easily just step away. But, when does the feel of a girl's fingers fondling one's testicles not feel good? And, Sara's fingers were really quite nice, if not though a bit ticklish.

Mary though, more assertively, whacked Sara on the shoulder. "Stop that!"

Sara let go and gave Mary a scowl. "You didn't have to hit me."

"Yea, well, that's my brother, for goodness sake."

Sara would not be put off. "But he has such pretty nuts, don't you think, and I bet they're all so juicy and creamy inside, just like candy nuts."

"Shut up!" Mary admonished, but it was evident that she was a minority at this little party. The other three girls were thinking it might be kind of nice to crack Jeff's nuts open, not in the traditional sense of cracking nuts, but in a much more playful, enjoyable way of getting at the tasty cream prize hidden inside.

"Well, if we can't play with him, what can we do with him?" Sara protested. She had a point there. What was the point of having a naked boy in the room if you couldn't play with him?

Gloria though had a solution. She was also an Abberville student and knew the rules of The Program, if they were in fact beholden to adhere to them even when they were off campus. "We're not supposed to touch him but we can ask him to do things for us." That was indeed correct. Participants in The Program were required to honor respectful requests on the part of a student.

"Great!" Sara exclaimed. "Jeffrey, we want you to give yourself a boner, right now."

"Sara! My gosh!" Mary protested. But, she was outnumbered and simply had no valid rejoinder. Gloria was indeed correct. Mary though really, really didn't know if she was at all comfortable with her brother getting an erection in front of her, or her friends, and especially not in front of her with her friends there. This just did seem really inappropriate, and wrong.

"Yes, c'mon," Gloria encouraged, "and you have to do it without touching yourself."

"And, still holding the tray," Sara added, "so we can have cookies while we watch it get bigger, and bigger, and bigger."

"How big will it get?" Gloria asked.

Mary's and Patsy's faces turned red in response to that question. Jeff's face was already red, and perhaps couldn't get much redder.

Jeff knew some of the rules of The Program. He certainly knew the rule Gloria was referring to, and he knew that he had imagined using that rule to his own advantage if his sister was ever a participant, but he also knew that only Abberville students had the authority to ask for something, if he had in fact ever showed up on the Abberville campus.

Frankly, he was feeling rather confused by all this. On the one hand the girls were clearly making fun of him, playing with him at his own expense, to say the least. On the other hand, what boy wouldn't enjoy showing off his erection to a bunch of giggling girls. It would certainly get rid of his embarrassing limpness and might in fact shut them up. Their giggles would likely turn to embarrassed self-conscious confusion at the sight of a big hard manly cock. They were, after all, only freshwomen. All of them were eighteen, but they were still teenagers. He was twenty years old, a real man.

But, this was also something he had never tried before. He had felt that he had tried quite a number of different things, at least when it came to sex. How difficult would it be to stand naked and will yourself to have an erection? He was about to find out. Plus, he had to do it with four pairs of eyes all glued to his dick, including his sister's (although he did notice that she kept glancing away). Talk about performance pressure. This was considerably more difficult than even the pole vault. He typically did much better at the pole vault in practice than at an event, when he was under the scrutiny of a big crowd, watching intently his every step and move. Well, there was never in fact a big crowd at a Templeton track competition. But, still, the eyes of an audience did make him feel self-conscious, and these ones were not even necessarily supportive or encouraging eyes.

He was, though, actually wrong about that. All but one of the girls fully wanted him to get an erection, and especially Patsy. She was really very, very curious what it would look like. Mary was the one with strong doubts. She again averted her eyes.

Jeff closed his, trying to blot out from his mind the fact that he was standing in front of these girls. Just like in track he tried imagining the successful outcome, playing through his mind a perfect pole vault performance, but this time he concentrated on developing a rapidly swelling cock, quickly growing to a full, hard stiffness. It wasn't a bad idea in principle, perhaps, but he didn't usually think about a hard cock when he wanted to get one himself. In any case, it just wasn't working. It also didn't help that he could hear a bit of tittering, as well as hear and feel one or two of the girls getting a cookie off the tray.

"Goodness," Sara exclaimed, "Does Jeffrey have this problem with the pole vault? I've never seen him use his pole before. That would be kind of funny if his pole went limp at a meet as well."

Mary and Gloria giggled at that, but Patsy didn't. "Don't be mean," Patsy admonished.

Sara looked over at Patsy, smiled, and said, "You really want to see your little boyfriend get a big bad boner, don't you."

"Shut-up!" But, there was obviously considerable truth to that and Patsy's face turned a deeper red.

Jeff switched to a different tactic. Sometimes when he got nervous speaking in front of a crowd he would imagine some of the audience being naked. His parents had suggested that. It did in fact help to distract his mind from their judgmental eyes, and the idea frankly made pretty good sense here.

He imagined the girls slowly removing their clothes before him. He particularly imagined his sister having to take her clothes off, wondering what those cute little bubbies would look like all naked. And, of course, he would make Sara bend over in front of him, perhaps even reach back and spread her cheeks. He opened his eyes a little bit, just a teeny bit, to remind himself what these girls looked like, to better imagine them in his mind as naked, and he caught sight of Patsy, her tight sweater, within which her rather large breasts were thrusting out. His dick began to swell as he imagined seeing Patsy's naked breasts, her pussy, imagining her fondling his balls, his cock, imagining those sweet pretty girlish lips wrapped around his cock.

"Ooooooh," Gloria intoned, "somebody is waking up."

His cock was indeed gaining strength. It was like watching a trunk grow in fast motion film. It was in fact a rather impressive sight to see his penis slowly expanding, swelling, gaining strength and stiffness, slowly growing up from a limp penis into a more stout, proud, stiff, protruding cock. The girls were quite impressed, even Mary.

"Yes, and I know why," Sara suggested, noticing where Jeff was peeking. "Jeff's being inspired by Patsy's boobies."

"Sara!" Patsy and Mary exclaimed in unison.

Jeff immediately closed his eyes, embarrassed over the fact that he had been caught, and for the moment lost his momentum.

"See what you did," Gloria complained. "He stopped."

He had indeed. His dick was essentially at half-mast, moving neither up nor down, like a crane whose gears had become stuck.

"Well Patsy," Sara suggested, "why don't you give him some inspiration?"

"Why don't I," Patsy defiantly responded. "Look, Jeffrey," she gaily offered.

As Jeff opened his eyes he was greeted with the delightful pleasure of seeing Patsy raising up her sweater to show him her boobs. They were still encased within her brassiere, but the packaging was almost as desirable and pleasing to the eye as the melons hidden within. Patsy was wearing a very colorful, flowery cotton brassiere whose round cups were really quite fetching. Brassieres are really quite wonderful garments, as they not only provide a very pleasingly round shape to boobs, they bedazzle them with such feminine finery and enticing allure. 

It was finally Sara's turn to be shocked. "Patsy!" She couldn't believe Patsy would do such a thing, although she had goaded her into it, and Patsy was known for being rather impulsive.

Mary and Gloria were rather shocked as well, particularly Mary, as she witnessed one of her close friends flashing her naked brother. This was perhaps getting a little out of hand. There was certainly no way she was going to flash her brother, even if all of her friends showed him their boobs. But, of course, if they did, what would she do then?

Jeff, however, was most appreciative, and quite evidently so, as his cock quickly resumed its growth and rapidly stood up to full strength.

A fully erect cock is indeed a rather glorious sight. It is such an open, vivid, concrete display of manly strength, and the girls' eyes quickly shifted from Patsy's impulsive indiscretion to Jeff's erect dick. A fully hard cock looks so strong, proud, and imposing.

"Ooooooh," Gloria intoned. "Your brother is pretty big, Mary."

Mary's face was beet red and she could only steal brief glances at her brother's big, hard stiff cock, but she did indeed repeatedly glance at it.

Even Sara was impressed, as she was frankly speechless. She had been planning on saying something about it being "just a pee pee," or something like that, but she would have to admit that Jiff did have a pretty darned good cock. The purplish head was so engorged that it looked all shiny and polished. Sara instinctively licked her lips.

None of the girls said anything for a moment. They were all lost in their thoughts, and in the warmth developing within their thighs.

Jeff could see the stunned silence of the girls. It was only a few minutes ago that he was feeling quite humiliated, even denigrated, but he was now feeling quite proud of himself. This was the reaction that you wanted when you showed your hard cock to a girl, and this was four attractive, young girls. He could see that even his sister was probably impressed, or at least she was also speechless.

Patsy hadn't even lowered her sweater. She in fact looked up at Jeff, caught his eye, smiled and wiggled her boobs at him, a rather flirtatious gesture that the other girls didn't notice as their eyes were glued to his cock.

Jeff though did certainly notice and responding with a smile and a twitch of his cock, causing it to jerk and bob.

Patsy and Gloria giggled, appreciating the little gymnastic exercise. Jeff wasn't a floor gymnast, but this was a pretty cute show.

Sara went further, reached out and pulled his stiff hard cock down real far and then let it go.

"Hey," Jeff complained, as it banged against the bottom of the tray, almost causing him to spill some cookies.

Gloria then reached out as well, pulled it hard to the left and they all, including even Mary, tittered as it swung back and forth.

Sara and Gloria then took turns making it bounce, bobble, and wave, this way and that.

Jeff didn't mind. He just lifted the tray up higher to keep his dick out of harm's way. What healthy boy would object to some pretty girls playing with his erection? It didn't seem like they were making fun of him, or it. They were just having fun with it, like they would with any new, intriguing toy. It would, of course, be even more fun if they jerked or sucked him off, but the feel of their feminine fingers on his stiff dick was still a very pleasing alternative.

Patsy was feeling very, very jealous. This really wasn't fair, or right. She couldn't reach Jeff's cock where she was sitting so she set her cola down on the floor and, without even pulling her sweater back down, crawled across the bed and pushed her way in between Sara and Gloria to get to the best, closest spot, and reached out to firmly grasp hold of Jeff's dick.

"Hey!" Sara and Gloria complained as they felt Patsy force herself in between them.

"Well, I get to play with it to," she complained.

The girls recognized that she did have a fair point. If anyone was to play with Jeff's cock, it really should be Patsy.

Patsy did not play with it like Sara or Gloria though. She used her hand to consider it, to study it, to explore it, and in the process to caress and stroke it.

This was now much more to Jeff's liking. He in fact looked for someplace to put down the tray as he would really like to be able to see, as well as feel, Patsy's little hand exploring and fondling his cock. But, to put the tray down now would require disengaging himself from that wonderfully feminine hand and there was really no way he wanted to do that. Once a girl has a cock in your hand, you really don't want her to let go.

Sara and Gloria were also again speechless as they watched their friend openly caress and stroke the boy's hard dick. This must be in clear violation of the rules of The Program, but nobody was going to turn anybody in (it wouldn't though if it was for the purpose of a classroom exercise or under the supervision of a faculty member). Even Mary didn't openly object. She was getting more and more concerned about where this was going, yet her racing heart and warming thighs wouldn't mind having it continue a bit longer.

Patsy had many times wondered what Jeff's hard penis would look like, feel like, and she wasn't disappointed. He was clearly a very masculine, manly boy, with such a stout, firm, slippery smooth shaft, and a wondrously round and curved crown. She liked how his foreskin slid on and off the bulb, providing her with even more ability to give him a really sensual stroking. She could even see a bit of moisture forming on the slit, and she wondered if perhaps she might see, or feel, what it tastes like.

"You know," Sara said softly, "Mary should really have a turn. After all, it's her brother."

Mary's heart raced even faster and her face felt warm with blush. She was indeed very, very curious, but actually touching her brother's penis didn't really seem right at all.

"Oh yes," agreed Gloria. "C'mon Mary, you haven't touched it yet. Don't you want to see what your brother's penis feels like? It's really a very nice big one!"

Patsy didn't say anything, as she really didn't want to let go and hand it over to Mary, particularly as she felt that she was getting him closer and closer, and she hadn't even put her lips on it yet.

Mary, though, felt that this was now really out of hand, so to speak, and certainly out of control. "Jeffrey," Mary said, "go downstairs and get more colas." The colas were going pretty fast, as there was a lot of nervous and excited energy in the room. In any case, she wanted to put an end to this, or at least get better control of it.

Jeff was disappointed. He wondered what it would be like to have his sister handle and stroke his cock. It wasn't that Patsy wasn't good at what she was doing. She was in fact very, very good. He did not currently have a girlfriend, and he was now giving quite serious consideration to asking Patsy out. But, still, it might be especially nice, uniquely different and provocative, to have your sister jerk you off. He had long noticed how pretty she was. But, of course, he was clearly in no position to compel or even ask her to do it. In fact, as he thought about it, he might get into serious trouble if mother and father knew what was going on in Mary's bedroom. When mother said to play with her friends, she probably didn't mean this. He now felt even more under the thumb of his younger sister.

"Yea, sure," he quietly replied. He reluctantly wrenched his cock from Patsy's hand, which did not easily let go, to turn around and place the tray of cookies on Mary's desk. As he headed to the bedroom door, his hard cock sticking out from his body so incongruously, he realized something. "Hey," he said, "I can't go downstairs like this," by which he meant with his erection. It would be odd enough to approach one's parents naked, it would be qualitatively worse to do so with an erection.

"Well," Sara said, breaking out from her private reverie to regain her spunk, "I guess you should have thought of that before you started staring at Patsy's boobies."

Patsy now self-consciously covered them up, her eyes wistfully following the departure of Jeff's stick dick.

Mary smiled, imagining how shocked and upset her parents would be to know that Jeff was showing her and her friends his naked boner.

As Jeff headed downstairs he calculated that he could probably get the colas without running into his parents. By now they would be in the family room, watching television, or his mother would be in her sewing room. He could get to the kitchen and back without even being noticed. He would have to traverse the open entranceway into the family room, but the television was on the far side of the room. Anyone watching TV would be facing away from him. If he was quiet he could succeed.

Still, as he reached the bottom of the stairs he decided he would stop off in the bathroom around the corner of the stairs to lose the erection. That would be the safest thing to do.

As he rounded the corner though he literally bumped into his mother, his hard dick momentarily pressing against her abdomen. "Mother!" Jeff exclaimed, quickly stepping back and as quickly covering himself, using both hands. In his current state one hand was not enough. 'Crap!' he said to himself. He had stuck his mother with his stiff cock; not a good thing.

"Jeffrey, I'm sorry, gracious, you scared me." Mrs. Anderson had felt the erection bump against her, but she had not actually processed in her mind what it was, or at least had probably denied it. Mothers will at times come across their boys with an erection. Usually it's best to just ignore the disconcerting stiffies. They will eventually go away. "I was just coming up to check on you. To see how you were getting along with your little friends."

Whoa! Now he was pretty glad he had come downstairs, intercepting his mother before he was caught showing his stiffie to the girls. "Oh, it's fine, it's fine," Jeff hurriedly answered. "I was just going to get them a couple of more colas. They're waiting upstairs." He tried to brush past her, his hands hiding his embarrassment.

Mrs. Anderson though took him by the arm, not letting him get away that quickly. "Jeffrey," she admonished him in her stern voice, "You know the rules. You can't hide yourself with your hands."

Jeff was at a complete loss for what to do. He was reminded of when he was much younger and his mother had suddenly opened his bedroom door. He had been jerking off beneath the blankets, facilitated in part by a magazine he had managed to purchase. He quickly shoved the magazine under the blankets and brought his knees up to create a tent that would hide the smaller tent that his erection would otherwise create.

His mother, however, wanted him to get out of bed so that she could change the sheets. She had forgotten to do that before he had gone to bed and she felt really bad about it.

It took quite a bit of illogical but very assertive arguing on Jeff's part to convince her that it wasn't really necessary, that he was perfectly fine, that he was about to go to sleep, that he was too tired to get up. There was just no way he was going to get out of bed with a hard-on and a Mother Jugs magazine.

His mother had finally acquiesced, a bit mystified though as to her son's adamant refusal to have a clean pair of sheets. But, when Donna described her son's odd behavior to Alex, he made the correct speculation as to the most likely explanation. Mrs. Anderson's face flushed as she realized that her husband was probably right. She did, though, hope that he was using a wash cloth or a sock, or something. She didn't want him to dirty the sheets. But she then realized that she was planning on changing the them anyway. In any case, she would most certainly change them the first thing the next day.

When Jeff hesitated Mrs. Anderson reached out, took hold of his hands, and pulled them away.

Jeff felt so mortified. How else would one feel being forced to display an erection to your mother? He was ashamed and embarrassed, and figured he would be in big, big trouble.

Mrs. Anderson did not at first react as she would have hoped. She felt her face turn red at the sight of her son's stout stiffness. She had seen him as a little boy with little stiffies, but this was much, much different. This was a very evidently hard, manly, stiff cock. She was in fact reminded of her husband's, particularly when he was younger, but that was perhaps only natural. Perhaps the apple doesn't fall far from the tree when it came to cocks? In any case, she felt it was really terribly impressive, but then also realized that it was her son's! She really shouldn't be admiring it, should she?

She struggled to regain her composure, thinking about the texts and pamphlets she had read about The Program, about how the faculty are supposed to react when a participant has an erection. They were generally supposed to be accepting and dispassionate, treating it as a normal event that naturally will occur when a young man is naked among pretty girls.

"Yes, well, um, I see you have an erection, Jeff." It was a bit of an understatement, but she was just glad she was able to articulate the sentence. Her mouth felt so dry. She could now use a cola herself.

"Mother, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Really I am. They told me to."

She cut him off with a wave of her hand. She didn't really want to know more. She did know though what she was supposed to say next but it was difficult, given that Jeff was her son. But, if they were going to do this right, she would have to say it.

"Yes, well, um, would you like some relief, dear?" The standard rule of The Program is that a male student with an erection should be asked if he would like to relieve himself in such situations. It wasn't healthy for a boy to have an erection for a sustained period of time and, for his health, as well as perhaps the edification of fellow students (see "Naked at College"), he should be asked upon arrival in a new setting, particularly when sporting a boner, whether he would like to relieve himself. Obtaining relief was also helpful in avoiding any further distraction or disruption that the presence of an exposed erection can have on normal classroom routine.

"No, no, it's fine mother, that's fine, really, I will just get the colas."

"Well, it doesn't really look fine to me."

"No, no, it's okay. I don't need, um..." It was really difficult to say it, particularly to one's mother. He said quite softly, "relief."

By relief, of course, one means to masturbate. The Program participant would usually gain relief by jerking himself off, but the instructor is free to assist him. In either case, he is not allowed to do it in the privacy of a bathroom stall or any other such secluded location. It must still be within public view. Jeff really, really didn't want to do that. Not too many boys want to jerk off in front of their mothers.

Mrs. Anderson sensed her son's ambivalence. Mothers can tell when their sons are conflicted over something, despite their protestations to the contrary. She naturally wondered if Jeffrey was uncomfortable jerking himself off in front of her. Frankly, she shared some of his concern. A part of her wanted to just send him into the bathroom to take care of his business, but she knew that was inconsistent with The Program. And, this wasn't something that she should hand off to her husband. Plus, she certainly didn't want him to do it in front of his sister and her friends. That would seem to be taking things a bit too far. Goodness, what the mothers of Mary's friends would say if they knew that she had Jeffrey jerk off in front of them! But, it was very clear that he was quite uncomfortable doing it in front of her.

She could just accept his declination of need. But, she knew he didn't really mean it. It was rather obvious that he did clearly need relief. One picture can say a thousand words, and that stiff hard throbbing penis was screaming for relief. Sending him along to somehow manage this on his own was entirely inconsistent with the spirit and process of The Program. There was really only one thing that a mother could do in a situation like this.

Drawing upon her experience (and daring) as a past member of The Enthusiasts Club, she offered, "Yes, well, dear, if you would like, I can take care of it for you."

Jeff's jaw dropped and his cock twitched. There was simply no way he wanted to jerk off in front of his mother, but he hadn't imagined that she would do it for him, and he had no idea how he felt about that. He was swept away by waves of conflicting emotions. Was this also rather infantile? Shouldn't he feel ashamed and mortified? Yet, his mother was in fact a really very lovely woman. It was kind of like being jerked off by one of his more attractive professors, or better yet a pretty mother of one of his friends. Actually, in fact much better than that because it would be his own mom! How many times had he in fact caught himself admiring his mother's breasts, her bottom, noticing how pretty and sexy she was. And, he would be embarrassed to admit, she had indeed been in more than one of his fantasies while taking care of business beneath the sheets. No, this really wasn't bad at all. This was in fact very, very good.

Mrs. Anderson was indeed a very attractive woman. She had short wavy blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes, nicely symmetrical facial features, rosy red cheeks, and full red lips (she clearly liked lipstick). Plus, she really kept in good shape. She exercised a great deal and had never lost her figure. Of course, a significant aspect of that figure was her breasts, which were frankly rather prominent.

Growing up Jeff had always felt that it seemed only natural that a mother would have large breasts, as breasts were such a strong statement and component of being motherly. It was only when he was within his adolescent years that he realized that his mother's breasts were in fact disproportionately large, relative to the breasts of his friends' mothers and even relative to his mother's own petite frame.

And, here she now was, offering a motherly helping hand, helping her young man obtain sexual relief. Maybe The Program wasn't so bad after all! "Well, if you, um, think it's a good idea," he replied hesitantly.

Now that Jeff accepted her assistance, Mrs. Anderson wasn't entirely sure she wanted to provide it. Ambivalence is a funny emotion. You don't fully appreciate one side of the coin until you adopt the other, and now that Jeff was handing his cock over to her, the doubts again surfaced. It would have been awkward enough to watch her son jerk off in front of her (would he be thinking of her body, her bosoms?), but to actually do it for him? Could she really take hold of her son's naked cock in her hand and stroke him? Stroke him to the point that he ejaculates? How many mothers actually do something like that?

But, she and Alex had in fact discussed this possibility, as well as others, when they considered implementing The Program. It was very clear from the literature that such an event might occur and how one (literally) handles it can be very important for the eventual success of The Program. Quite a number of the Abberville faculty do get directly engaged in the process of The Program with their students, lending a hand when it's helpful, if not necessary. If Alex and Donna were going to do this right, she knew she would have to become actively engaged herself. "Yes, well, let's just see what we can do here," she said quietly and reached out with her hand to grasp hold of her son's hard, erect cock.

As soon as his mother touched his cock Jeff felt a jolt of excitement rush through his body like a sexually charged electricity. Girls had handled his cock in the past. Jeff was not an inexperienced young man. But there was something definitely unique and exhilarating when it is the womanly hand of your pretty mother, fondling, squeezing, and stroking you to an ejaculation. The fact that it is such a taboo, that it is so inappropriate and wrong, is what made it especially pleasurable, exciting, and thrilling.

As soon as she touched Jeff's cock Mrs. Anderson likewise felt a jolt of equal thrill rush through her own body. She had handled many different cocks in the past, at least prior to being married. She was not an inexperienced woman. But there was something definitely unique and thrilling when it is the cock of your twenty-year old son. She knew it was wrong. She knew her neighbors would not approve, and perhaps her friends as well. But, the fact that it was so wrong, so naughty, also made it so exciting, so thrilling, so arousing. She could feel a rapidly developing warmth between her thighs.

"Oh, mother," Jeff gasped, "that feels so good."

"Well, thank you, sweetie," she replied, smiling appreciatively. The compliment did make her feel good. She knew that her son considered her to be old-fashioned and out-of-date. It's nice for Jeffrey to realize that she is in fact still a very credible, virile woman who does know a thing or two, including even how to sexually excite a young man.

She used her womanly experience to try to give her son an especially nice hand-job, bringing in both hands, using her left to softly cradle, fondle, and tickle his balls (Alex really did like that and perhaps his son would naturally as well) and her right to massage, work, and stroke the shaft and bulb.

She could not, though, get entirely out of her role as the mother, noting for her son, "See how the foreskin slides on and off the head, Jeffrey?"

"Yes, mother," he gasped.

"Doesn't that feel nice?" She also felt that it looked real nice too.

"Yes, mother," he sighed, noticing as well the sound it made, slushing on and off the swollen red bulb. He jutted his cock out farther.

"I guess it was good that we didn't have you circumcised. Of course, the decision wasn't so that it would feel better when you masturbated." She blushed as she said that. It was a bit awkward to talk about masturbation with your son, although it really shouldn't be when you were in fact the one doing the masturbating.

Jeff would have to admit that his mother was pretty darned good at this. His best hand jobs were probably from this girl he dated quite awhile ago, Betty Lou. She was perhaps pretty good at them because she wouldn't do anything else. She certainly wouldn't go all the way, nor would she put her lips on it. But, she did seem to make up for that pretty well with her hands. Well, his mother might even put Betty Lou to shame, as she was continually shifting her style, sometimes caressing his balls, sometimes fondling them, sometimes lightly squeezing them, sometimes tickling them, and she was equally varied in her approach to the shaft, altering the extent to which she squeezed or just danced her fingers along the shaft, sometimes sliding her fist straight up and down the shaft, other times twisting her fist around it. And, she was obviously very familiar with his most sensitive spot: the underside of his shaft, just below the lip of the crown. He wondered if she knew of that spot because of when she was raising him, bathing him. He jerked as she again softly caressed and tickled that tingly spot. "Oh my gosh, mother," he gasped, leaning in against her, into her breasts, feeling those large womanly breasts heaving beneath her blouse and apron.

Mrs. Anderson felt her son lean into her, into her breasts. A part of her wanted her son to reach out with his hands, to grasp hold of her bosoms, but she felt that would probably be going too far. Did the faculty at Abberville ever go all the way with Program participants? Would that be wrong? Perhaps it would be alright to just kiss the boy's penis. Maybe put it in her mouth? She really needed to read further about this.

She sighed with deep satisfaction, feeling so much closer to her son than she had in many years. It was a very wonderful moment, sharing this intimate experience with her son. They had done so very little together for so many years, and she missed those private, precious moments with Jeffrey, when he gave himself over to her, expressing his complete and unadulterated love and affection for her. But, here he was now, and she leaned into him as well, sighing, "Jeffrey," as she softly squeezed his balls.

"Mother!" Jeff gasped and felt the sudden rush of his orgasm surge within and explode out of him, his cock twitching in his mother's hand as a large glob of white sloppy gism spewed from the crown and splatted against his mother's apron.

"Oh Jeffrey," Mrs. Anderson sighed with affection and pride as she saw her son's cock jerk and twitch as it squirted its cum out onto her. She accelerated her jerking of his shaft to give it its maximal stimulation, force, and encouragement to spew and spray as much cum as possible. All mothers do want their sons to reach and express their full potential.

Jeff grasped his mother around the waist with his left hand to help keep his balance, his footing, as his legs trembled and his head felt faint, but his hand in fact slipped farther down to grasp his mother's soft womanly bottom, which only seemed right and natural for a hand to be clutching as his body was wracked by its climax and his dick exploded its spunk. He squeezed his mother's butt hard as his cock continued to jerk and spit.

Mrs. Anderson felt her son's hand clutch her bottom. It felt a little awkward, a little inappropriate, but she would not begrudge him a squeeze. After all, he was in the midst of a rather overwhelming climax, and she watched with pride as her son apparently had quite a bit of gism to spew. He was spraying his stuff all over in rapid machine gun fire. It was fortunate that she was still wearing her apron, as he would have really soaked and stained her nice summer dress.

Jeff did not know if he had ever had a better orgasm. Of course, he must have. The first one is always very difficult to surpass. But, this one certainly had to rank among the top, and would be at the top with respect to uniqueness. He would from this day look upon his mother in a new light, with a new found respect and affection.

As his orgasm subsided he removed his hand from his mother's derriere. He felt like giving her bottom a little pat of affection, or perhaps a peck on her cheek. One should at least give the girl who jerked you off a kiss, but somehow that didn't feel right with his mother. It wasn't that kind of a relationship, was it? He just said, "Man, mom, that was really, really great."

"Well, thank you, son," she modestly replied. She was reminded of when he used to very sincerely compliment her on her cooking, making a big deal about how good was her pie. It was nice to hear, once again, those spontaneous, sincere compliments. She carefully squeezed out the remaining cum from his penis onto her apron, which she had to pick up a bit as it was so terribly splattered and soaked that it was liable to drip all over the floor, which she had recently just cleaned. She wiped the tip of his penis off with a dry, clean spot. "Alright then," she added, her voice a little breathless. "I guess you better run along and get those sodas. You don't want to keep the girls waiting too long." Now that it was over she was also feeling a bit self-conscious about the fact that her apron was soaked by her boy's cum, and that she had in fact jerked him off in the hallway, his hand clasping and clutching her bottom.

Now that it was over Jeff was also feeling a bit self-conscious about what he had just done. It was not unusual for him to feel this way after some orgasms, feeling a bit guilty over a particularly lecherous fantasy or perhaps an unusual way he might have masturbated (one time he tried it while standing on his head). Well, this did top them all. "Yea, sure mom," and quickly extricated himself from his mother's hand and presence, and made his way to the kitchen.

Mrs. Anderson went in the other direction, for her bedroom, which was on the main floor at the foot of the stairs. Once she got there she shut the door behind her and carefully removed her apron. She didn't want any of his stuff to spill onto the bedroom carpeting, and there was quite a bit of it ready to slip and drip off the apron. She used the apron to catch and cup the bulk of the globs of cum within her hands, and then brought the pool up to her nose to absorb the manly scent, her son's scent, deep into her nostrils. She so much liked the scent of cum, and her son's was so fresh, so fruity, so intoxicating.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

As soon as Jeff had left the room the girls naturally talked about what had just happened, and what to do when he returned. Mary wanted to tone down their play. She certainly didn't mind teasing her brother and having a bit of fun with him. It's not every day that your older brother has to be naked in front of you. She wasn't entirely comfortable though with actually doing sexual things with her brother, or even watching it being done. However, her three friends wanted to in fact escalate their play. They did finally reach a compromise.

But they soon noticed that he wasn't returning as quickly as he should. They wondered why it was taking him so long. Mary suggested that perhaps he wasn't even going to come back. That wouldn't surprise her, but she would certainly tell mom about this. Sara was suspicious that he was in some room jerking off. Gloria pointed out though that doing so would be a violation of The Program. Patsy suggested that he might have just stopped off in the bathroom to put a cold wash cloth on it, to lose the erection. He wouldn't want his mother to see it. The girls felt that was the most likely explanation, as well as rather amusing.

Jeff eventually returned to his sister's room holding three bottles of cola.

The girls weren't really surprised to see his erection had lapsed by the time he finally returned, although they were disappointed. The next time they would order him to maintain his erection.

"Why did it take you so long?" Sara queried. She was still a little suspicious, despite Patsy's credible story.

Jeff really didn't want to explain that his mother had jerked him off in the hallway, for quite a number of reasons. "There was only one bottle in the refrigerator, and so I had to ask mom where there were any more, if any, and then she got talking, you know, about college."

"Well," Sara said, "come here, got onto the bed with us," she instructed, patting a spot in the center of the bed.

Mary had a pretty big, king sized mattress, and there was plenty of room for all four of them. The four girls were sitting on the four corners, Patsy and Mary on one side (Patsy toward the top of the bed), and Sara and Gloria on the other (Sara toward the top). There was an empty spot in the middle of the bed, clearly for Jeff.

"Why do you want me to get onto the bed?" The girls clearly had something in mind, and Jeff was not so sure that he wanted to go along with it. He found it somewhat curious and surprising though that he wasn't feeling quite as self-conscious as before. Perhaps it was the fact that he had already displayed so much to these girls, or perhaps it was the fact that he had recently climaxed. He came over to the foot of the bed and handed the colas to Mary to distribute as she saw fit. He had kept the colas in a key position to help hide that important part of his body, which came into abrupt view though as Mary took them.

Mary's eyes widened disconcertingly as her brother's penis and testicles appeared, just inches from her eyes. She quickly looked away.

"We just want you to join us," Sara said, not convincingly.

"Yes, c'mon Jeff," Patsy implored, patting the spot in the middle of the bed they had left for him. "We won't bite you," she added teasingly, although as soon as she said it she realized that perhaps she might, if the opportunity arose.

"Here," Sara further instructed, "lie down, here, in between us. We even fluffed up a pillow for you."

Jeff really didn't like the looks of this. The girls wanted him to lie down, naked, in between them. He had kind of hoped that he could just drop off the colas and get out of there, although if he gave it any serious thought he knew that any such expectation was rather naive. "Isn't there supposed to be only one demonstration?" He did know some of the rules of The Program.

Gloria had been ready for that argument. "Yes, only one for each person. There are four of us, plus you left and then came back."

Jeff furrowed his brow. "Whatever," he said, in disgust. She might be right about though. He really didn't know the rules that well. Sara added, "You shouldn't have stayed away so long."

Jeff knew in any case that there really wasn't necessarily any rules, at least when it came to his sister. He got onto the bed and lied down in between them as he was instructed, feeling really terribly exposed. He naturally covered himself with his hands, which he knew full well was against the rules. He had a fleeting fantasy that perhaps they were going to play doctor with him, or something. That wouldn't be so bad, frankly, unless it involved a prostate exam. "Okay, now what," he inquired, not realizing that it was the "something," not playing doctor, that was on their minds.

"We want to see your stiffie again!" Sara exclaimed, with considerable delight.

Jeff sighed with frustration. It was clear that they weren't going to help him, that they wanted him to just do it again. It wouldn't be difficult for Jeff to get another erection even though he had just recently cum. He was a pretty healthy young man of only 20 years. But, he wasn't so sure that he could do it so acrobatically as he had the first time, without using his hands.

"But," Patsy added, "this time you can use your hand."

That was perhaps considerate, but Jeff wasn't so sure that he really wanted to play with himself in front of the girls. Nobody had ever watched him masturbate before. He wasn't sure if he would or should enjoy something like that.

"Yea," Sara added, "We want to see how you masturbate." Yes, maybe it wasn't so considerate. "We've never seen a boy jerk off before." This was the compromise they had reached, and it was indeed true that they hadn't actually seen a boy masturbate. None of them were entirely inexperienced, but it wasn't something that usually came up when they were out on a date, or even with a boyfriend.

The girls sat expectantly on either side of Jeff, big grins on their faces, their hearts again racing with excited anticipation.

Jeff did feel like he was being used, even abused, by these girls for their personal amusement, but he did his best to consider the silver lining. It was considerably easier than the first time. It wasn't like he was standing up, holding a tray of cookies, and trying to get an erection with no hands. He was now in essentially his normal position for this task. Plus, he did have four pretty girls, including his sister, as available eye candy. They were all quite pretty girls, particularly, he felt, Patsy. And it has to be rather nice to have four pretty girls admire your naked body, especially your cock, as it gets harder and harder before their eyes.

He went right to work, taking hold of his cock with his thumb and tips of his fingers, which is how he normally held it when he masturbated. He could not, of course, grab the whole thing within his fist when it was so soft and small. He slowly worked the foreskin on and off the crown as he glanced around at the girls' pretty, expectant faces, their eyes opened wide, ogling with playful fascination the sight of his penis trying to awaken and grow. Even his sister's eyes now appeared glued to his penis.

This time he did not feel so embarrassed, perhaps in part because they weren't actually, or necessarily, trying to embarrass him. They giggled and tittered a bit, but he took it for nervous curiosity, reflecting their own embarrassment, their fascination with and desire for his cock to grow and expand before their eyes.

He reacted immediately to his fingers, and his penis quickly began to reassert its strength and prominence as a true cock should, being surrounded by such admiring young hens.

"Oh my goodness," Patsy softly exclaimed as she saw it get thicker and thicker, longer and longer, and stiffer and stiffer. A boy developing an erection was really darned impressive. The little limp worm turning into a staunch, stiff bludgeon. Her pussy was itself feeling quite warm, and moist. She squirmed a bit on the bed, trying to get a more comfortable position, but frankly also using the opportunity to squeeze her thighs together.

Once it was fully erect Jeff paused for a moment and held it only at the base, letting it stand up tall and stiff on its own, like a monument, an obelisk, for the girls to admire.

The girls were themselves a bit speechless. It did look terribly impressive. Mary was looking away, finding this to be terribly awkward, yet not being able to keep her eyes averted for long. It was like passing an accident on the road. One just had to look, and this was no accident. This was a big stiff hard cock. Her brother's cock!

"Okay," Sara breathlessly instructed, her heart racing, "Keep stroking it."

Jeff resumed stroking it in the manner in which he had started, not actually gripping it with his fist, but using just his thumb and the tips of his fingers to hold it, to slide the foreskin on and off the crown.

Patsy was frankly surprised. She inquired, "You don't actually grab it with your whole fist and slide it up and down?" She demonstrated with her hand in the air, providing the universal hand gesture for male masturbation.

"Un, no, no," Jeff responded, feeling a little self-conscious about explaining precisely his masturbation technique. It isn't too often that a boy has to defend his particular masturbatory preferences. But, feeling that her inquiry was sincere he said, "I like using the foreskin, letting it do pretty much all the, um, work, you know, sliding it on and off the end."

"Let me try," Patsy requested and before Jeff could object (as if he would) she slipped her fingers around his cock, trying to precisely recreate the manner in which he had been doing it.

"Patsy," Mary complained. This was not part of the compromise, and it was in fact quite inconsistent with her understanding of what they would do, and would not do.

"I just want to see how he does it," Patsy explained.

"You want to see how he likes it best, don't you, Patsy," Sara teased, feeling rather excited about the direction this was going.

Patsy gave Sara a glare from across Jeff's naked body, but her face reddened a bit, as there was probably quite a bit of truth to what Sara had said.

"Here," Jeff said, shifting Patsy's thumb and fingers a bit so that they would be maximally effective, and pleasurable. "There you go," he encouraged, as she recreated his technique of sliding the foreskin on and off the purple plum. Her hand doing the job was strikingly more pleasurable than his own, despite the fact it was a precise recreation of what he had in fact just been doing. His dick reacted quickly to her deft, feminine touch, and he let his hands fall to his side, watching with considerable pleasure as Patsy tried it solo.

Patsy leaned in closer to get a better look and appreciation of what she was doing. The aroma of cum was suspiciously emanating from Jeff's penis, but she attributed that to possibly pre-cum lubrication. The head of his swelling cock did now have a nice glistening sheen. "It is kind of neat how it slides on and off like that, like it's playing peek-a-boo."

Sara reached over as well, feeling a bit jealous, and left out. She lightly cupped her fingers under Jeff's balls, feeling their softness, their tenderness.

Jeff at first flinched at Sara's touch. Somehow he didn't quite fully trust Sara, particularly with something so vulnerable and fragile as his nuts.

"Don't worry," Sara retorted, "I'm not going to hurt you." She added, as she softly caressed and even more softly squeezed his testicles, "Goodness, gracious, such a big strong man like you, how could a little girl like me hurt you?"

It was rather obvious how she could indeed hurt him, but he did not try to escape or push her away. With some understandable trepidation he let her have her with his nuts, and frankly it was actually pretty nice. He had never had two girls playing with him at the same time. Well, not since earlier this evening but even then it was only Sara and Gloria batting him around. This was considerably more sensual, more pleasing, in fact quite intensely so. The feel of one girl's fingers on your cock is so wondrous. The sensation was magnified exponentially by the fact that it was now two hands of two different girls, with two other girls looking on with considerable fascination, and perhaps jealousy. Even his sister looked rather curious. His cock was again in its fully glorious stoutness, much to the delight of himself, and the girls.

"He does have pretty big balls," Sara said quietly.

The room was rather quiet. All that could be heard was the squishy noises of Jeff's foreskin sliding on and off his swollen plum.

Sara looked over at Mary, grinned, and asked, "Are his dad's balls as big?"

"Sara!" Sara was really being quite outrageous, but Patsy and Gloria giggled.

Patsy's and Sara's hands were again getting out of hand, but Mary didn't really feel she could control her friends and, besides, she did have to admit that she kind of liked watching it herself. Her brother did have a really big penis and she had often been curious growing up what it might look like, when it was stiff. She had never imagined though that she would actually be able to see his erection, and this was even with her friends playing with it. On the one hand that fact was really discomforting, but on the other hand it was perhaps equally exciting. She would not, though, admit that to anyone, and especially not to her brother.

Gloria slid up closer to Sara so that she could get into the fun, using her fingers to softly caress the insides of Jeff's muscular white thighs.

Jeff not only had no difficulty getting a second erection, he realized that he was not going to have any difficulty cumming a second time.

Sara asked, "Do you think we can make him cum, Patsy?"

"I don't see why not," Patsy responded, her face flushing at the thought of making Mary's older brother squirt his cum all over the place.

"Oh my goodness," Mary softly exclaimed.

Sara asked her, "Are you sure you don't want to play with your brother's penis, Mary?"

Mary just nervously nodded her head, staring at Jeff's swollen, hard dick, thinking about seeing it explode it's stuff, her brother's stuff.

"Haven't you ever wondered about that before?"

Mary covered her face with her hands. She didn't answer the question directly, but her reactive embarrassment spoke volumes.

Jeff felt his balls churn at the sight of Mary's flustered admission.

Sara turned to Jeff. "Do you think you could cum for your sister? Let her see you squirt your stuff all over?"

"Um, well," he gasped, not really sure how he should answer that. He certainly wanted to, and he would certainly do so; in fact, any moment now.

Sara though took the lack of a strongly affirmative response as a sign of ambivalence and doubt. "Maybe he needs more inspiration." She looked over at Patsy. "Patsy, why don't you show him your boobies again."

Patsy blushed but she was actually pleased to be given the excuse to do so. She let go of his cock to grasp the bottom of her sweater and lift it entirely up over her head, slipping her arms out of the sleeves, and then doing her best to get her hair back into shape before she resumed her tender stroking, now smiling down at Jeff wearing just her brassiere.

Patsy's gaily colored big round boobs would be enough to make any young man cum, but Sara was not through. She removed her fingers from Jeff's balls. "Here, Gloria," she instructed, "you can play with him." Her generosity though was not really selfless, for as Gloria's fingers took the place of Sara's, Sara slid back a bit and lowered her face to rest it on Jeff's abdomen so that she could lick the tip of his dick with her tongue.

Mary looked through her fingers at the outrageous sight of all three of her friends bringing off her brother, including Patsy with her sweater removed and Sara even licking the tip of Jeff's swollen knob.

Gloria and Patsy were also surprised at Sara's boldness. It wasn't that they hadn't done anything like that before, with a guy, but they had never done it in front of someone, and Patsy was again feeling really quite jealous. Sara was clearly doing more for Jeff than she was. She used her free left hand to grasp hold of her brassiere and push it up and out of the way, exposing now as well her naked tits. She was not about to let Sara outdo her with Jeff.

Jeff's eyes widened with surprise and delight at the sight of Patsy's naked boobs. They were as large as they seemed to be hidden beneath her clothes, and perhaps appeared even larger, given that they were towering over his face like a couple of snow white beach balls. And, they were so very firm and round. These were boobs that any girl would die for, as well would any boy.

Plus, Patsy had really extremely large, perhaps disproportionately large and extended nipples. Jeff really did like big pointy nipples.

But, Jeff was not provided much time to admire them as Patsy leaned over his face to position one of them, particularly one of the very stiff, erect nipples, at Jeff's lips, as she continued to softly stroke his cock. Gloria as well fondled his balls, and Sara licked and lapped at the tip of his cock like it was the most tastiest ice cream she had ever experienced.

Jeff at first tried to take Patsy's entire boob into his mouth, which was of course absurd but it was worth at least the effort and then barring that impossibility he shifted to just nibbling and suckling on her extended nipple as he basked in the so very intensely delightful stimulation being provided to his cock and balls by three girls at the same time. It was unclear which provided the most pleasure. Gloria was softly caressing and fondling his balls, Patsy was continuing her slow, sensual pace of gently stroking his cock just with her thumb and fingers, sliding her fingers just enough along his dick to bring his foreskin on and off the crown, and whenever the foreskin came off, it was met by the soft, tickling, lapping tongue of Sara. He couldn't really decide which was best; the entire package was really so agonizingly wonderful. This was a sultan's pleasure he was unlikely ever to experience again, nor even for long, as he could feel his balls now throbbing, getting ready to burst forth his load.

Sara perhaps sensed the impending explosion and she suggested, "Mary, get the tray of cookies."

Mary was glad to have something to do. A part of her wanted to join her friends. It was clear that they were having a considerable amount of fun but she just didn't have the nerve, or perhaps it was sound judgment. She wasn't sure which. She got off the bed and strolled over to her desk to retrieve the cookies, keeping her eyes though trained on her brother's cock, or at least as best she could with it so surrounded by the fingers, tongue, and bodies of her three friends.

Patsy in particular was really enjoying it, feeling Jeff's big manly hard cock in her fingers, giving him such a very slow and sensual masturbation. She couldn't really say it was jerking him off, or even a hand-job, as it was just her fingers and it was so sensually steady and slow. It was almost like foreplay to a real hand-job, and she so much enjoyed foreplay. Plus, at the same time, he was nibbling and suckling on her nipple, her breast pressed into his face. She so much enjoyed having her nipples pinched and sucked. "Mmmmmmmm," she softly moaned as she felt the boy's dick twitch in her fingers.

"Hurry, Mary!" Sara warned, seeing Jeff's plum swelling even further, like a balloon getting ready to explode.

Mary grabbed the tray and brought it over to the head of the bed, squeezing in beside Sara toward the headboard, where she now had a good view of her brother sucking on Patsy's tit. She felt a strong urge to squeeze her own breasts. She did at least squeeze her thighs together.

Jeff's dick suddenly lurched in Patsy's fingers and a big globby wad of white, thick cum squirted out like a hose had suddenly came unstuck and cum splatted against Sara's nose and lips.

"Yikes!" Sara squealed and pulled away.

There were still a lot of cookies left. It wasn't that the girls were reluctant to eat them because of their calories. Oreo cookies are really quite fattening. It's just that they went so much better with milk, particularly if you dunked them, and Mary knew what Sara had in mind. She quickly slipped the tray of cookies onto her brother's chest as Sara pulled her face and head away from any further assault.

Patsy changed from sensually frigging Jeff with her thumb and fingers to fully grasping his shaft with her fist. She now jerked, pounded, and fisted his cock to give it maximal pressure and stimulation during its climactic explosion; and Gloria switched from fondling and caressing his balls to softly squeezing them, trying to help pump out more and more cum like she would with a turkey baster.

And, despite having cum earlier that evening, Jeff still had quite a bit remaining, or at least had produced quite a bit more. Sara and Gloria watched with glee as he repeatedly squirted, sprayed, and spurted globs and ropes of white creamy cum all along the dark cookies. Mary kept moving the tray so that he would cover as many as possible with his manly gism glaze. Only Patsy wasn't watching, as she was enjoying too much the sensation of Jeff sucking and suckling now so intensely on her tit as his body was wracked with his climax.

Jeff couldn't see but he could tell that the serving tray had been placed on his chest. He wasn't entirely sure how he felt about that, but he wasn't really thinking about anything, being entirely absorbed by the pure bliss of a very delightfully fulfilling and all-consuming orgasm, accompanied by his balls being so gently squeezed by Gloria, his cock furiously pumped by Patsy, and his mouth treated with her so very wonderfully big teat. It was really quite an exceptional evening for him, and not at all clear which was better: his mother or these girls. Clearly both had their own special unique charms.

Sara grinned as she saw the cookies being sprayed with Jeff's milky white cream. They might not have glasses of milk in which to dunk them, but they did clearly have the next best thing. She licked her lips in anticipation, bringing to her tongue and into her mouth a bit of the glob of cum that Jeff had directly applied to her lips and nose.

When he appeared to be finished Patsy pulled her breast away, and squeezed out the remaining cum from his cock, milking his dick like an udder to get the very last drops of cream onto a cookie.

Jeff was panting with bliss and exhaustion, his chest heaving, the tray of cookies rising and falling.

Sara reached out and tried one. "Not bad," she said.

They all in fact had a taste. Well, Jeff didn't, and Gloria's faced flushed with embarrassment as she tried hers. Even Mary tried one, although denying that it was one with any cum icing actually on it, but everyone knew she was lying. Patsy though liked the icing the most. She had two of them, first licking off the cream.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Jeff was exhausted, as well as a bit hungry. He had expended quite a bit of energy this evening, or at least it felt that way. He had not actually done much himself. It was more like having things done to him, but he was feeling pretty spent nevertheless. Still, he wasn't about to have any of the cookies. Once everyone had recovered their composure Mary sent him away. Patsy would have liked him to stay longer, but the girls had been planning on going out anyway, and Mary was feeling a little agitated and confused by everything that had happened so far. It was time perhaps to take a step back.

Jeff went to the kitchen for an evening snack. It was really quite strange to walk through the house naked. He had done this once when he was home alone. That had been kind of fun, sitting in various chairs naked, going through the refrigerator naked, even walking past the living room bay window naked, sporting a rather stout erection.

He walked past the family room, peeking in as he went by. Only his father was in there, watching television and reading a book. His dad liked to do that, read and watch TV at the same time. Jeff didn't really understand that, but parents can be a mystery.

Jeff proceeded to the kitchen, opened the refrigerator, and felt a blast of cold air wash over his penis, causing it to shrink even a bit further, crawling back into its foreskin. Well, it clearly needed the rest. He pulled out some left-over chicken and pumpkin pie, poured himself a glass of milk and sat down at the kitchen table to have a snack.

As he ate he thought about the evening so far. Participating in The Program hadn't turned out to be nearly as bad as he feared. In fact, it had obviously been rather fun, to say the least. He had heard that the participants at Abberville College typically felt quite good about it when it was all done. Jeff didn't appreciate how Mary had made fun of him, but he had to admit that his time with her friends was more than just fun. His exhausted penis even twitched as he thought about that. Plus, the time with his mother was pretty darned good as well, and in some respects better. He was feeling really better about his mother, and certainly felt much closer to her.

"Hello, son," Mr. Anderson said as he entered the kitchen to get himself a snack as well. "Leave any for me?"

"Oh, hi dad," Jeff replied, momentarily forgetting that he was naked.

"You know, son," his father admonished as he poured a glass of milk for himself, "you're not supposed to be alone for any significant period of time."

"Oh, yea, I know," he replied. "I was just getting a snack. I was going to join you and mom when I'm done."

"Your mother is in her sewing room." Father had his books, and mother had her sewing.

"Oh, okay," Jeff replied. Growing up he had sat in the kitchen with his father many times, sharing a snack while the ladies of the house were off somewhere. But, it was a bit odd to be doing so now without any clothes.

"Well, I'll just join you for a snack and then that way you won't be violating any rules. How about that?" "Yea, sure dad, that would be great."

"Excellent," he replied and sat down across from him.

Technically, Jeff was not supposed to sit or stand in any way that would effectively hide his genitals from view. But, his dad wasn't particularly interested in seeing them, perhaps especially while he was eating. And, besides, he knew the boy was probably having a pretty difficult evening, having to present his naked body to his sister and her friends. A little time away from all the stress and pressure of The Program is not a terrible thing.

In fact, the two of them had a pretty long and nice heart-to-heart talk. His father explained to Jeff why they were so concerned, how the time spent in college can have such an important impact on the rest of one's life, and how he and his mother both had only his best interests at heart.

Mr. Anderson felt pretty good about the talk once it was over, as did Jeff. Jeff even offered to clean the table and wash the dishes, glasses, and silverware. Jeff normally did not make such a spontaneous offer and Mr. Anderson was quite pleased, if not impressed. He knew it could just be because Jeff wanted to put off the remaining part of the evening. It was still too early to go to bed and he would have to spend the rest of this time with either him, or his mother, and he would no longer be hiding himself, or that part of himself.

As they washed, dried, and put away the dishes, Jeff pondered what to do next. Who to sit with? Jeff had enjoyed his extended talk with his father, but sitting around naked with him while he watches TV or reads was pretty boring. He never cared for the shows his dad watched, the family room can be a bit drafty and, well, frankly, it just seemed a little gay to sit around the house naked with his father, not that there was anything wrong with that. It just made him feel uncomfortable. Of course, sitting naked with your mother can make a guy feel pretty darned uncomfortable too, although maybe not after she jerked you off earlier that evening. Actually, maybe it would make you feel even more uncomfortable, depending upon how you felt about these sorts of things. But, Jeff had actually felt pretty darned good about it.

Mr. Anderson suggested, "Jeff, do me a favor, son, and spend some time with your mother. I know you'd rather watch TV but it would mean a lot to her if you spent at least some quality time with her."

Jeff quickly agreed. "Yea, sure, dad. I'd be happy to."

Mr. Anderson smiled. He didn't even get a complaint or protest, let alone argument. In fact, Jeffrey seemed quite enthusiastic about it. Could The Program be working this quickly?

Jeff took off for the sewing room.

The sewing room was down the hall, near the stairs and next to the parents' bedroom. Mrs. Anderson was at the sewing machine, darning some socks. It seemed to her that not too many mothers these days sewed, let alone mended clothes, let alone darned socks. Mrs. Anderson was unorthodox and broad-minded in many ways (her membership in The Enthusiasts Club was rather telling), but in others she was really quite traditional, perhaps even old-fashioned. She didn't look at it that way though. She just felt that sometimes the old way should become the new way.

She looked up with surprise as Jeff entered the room. His nakedness was still a bit of a surprise, but what was even more surprising was that he was stopping by to visit her in the sewing room. "What brings you here?"

"I just came to sit with you, for awhile."

"Oh." She was a little taken aback by that. "Well, um, why don't you have a seat in that easy chair. Make yourself comfortable."

Making oneself comfortable when one's naked and the other person is clothed is not necessarily that easy, particularly when you're a guy and that other person is your mother. But, an easy chair is certainly quite comfortable, particularly when you're naked. He even sat cross-legged. He did have on socks, but this room seemed almost as drafty as the family room, although that perception could reflect the fact that he wasn't wearing any clothes. He reached down and shifted his balls a bit. He was kind of sitting on them. He caught his mother noticing the adjustment and he sheepishly looked away. It's always a little awkward when someone catches you correcting the place of your nuts in your pants, perhaps especially so when you're naked.

Mrs. Anderson though thought it was cute. In any case, Jeff hadn't sat with her in the sewing room for years. He was doing so now probably because she was the lesser of three evils but still, it was nice. She was though concerned about one thing. She looked at him a little disapprovingly and asked, "And why aren't you playing with your sister and her friends?"

"They decided to go out."

Mrs. Anderson sighed with disappointment. "That's a shame." She had been hoping that The Program would bring the family closer together, that her daughter would want to spend an evening with her brother. Instead, as usual, she took off with her friends. Well, she couldn't expect that its benefits would become immediately apparent. And, in any case, it was really nice having her son visit her like this, spending some quality time together

"Did you have fun with them?"

"Yea, sure, sure," he replied, hoping she wouldn't ask for any details. He changed the subject. "What are you doing?"

"Just mending some of your socks, and your father's."

"Oh." There was a bit of silence. His first reaction was, 'What's the point? How expensive are socks anyway?' But, giving it some thought he recognized not only how frugal that was, it was also really very considerate. It wasn't like he was doing any favors for her. "You know, you do a real good job at that."

She looked over at him and smiled appreciatively. A compliment? Well, that was nice, she thought.

They talked for quite some time, or at least it was appreciably longer than they had recently. Mrs. Anderson was really very pleased, appreciative, even grateful. She enjoyed their conversation very much.

Jeff was enjoying himself as well. Perhaps with his clothes off he felt less guarded, less defensive, and more open with his mother.

His mother though did push it a bit. "You know, I think the Emerson girl still has a little crush on you."

"Mother!" He really hated it when his mother tried to hook him up with some girl, or even when she commented on whom he was dating. But, he had to admit, Patsy Emerson did have some very, very nice qualities. He hadn't been interested in her when she was a younger girl. But, everything was definitely quite different now. He could feel a little churning within his testicles. He couldn't imagine getting a third erection in one evening. He realized that maybe he really did like this girl if she could awaken him now. She really did have a nice nipple, and he very much liked a girl's nipples.

"Well, I'm just saying. She is a very pretty girl."

"Mother, please."

"You don't think she's attractive?"

"Yes, she's attractive," he replied in a rather curt, dismissive manner. "She's very pretty."

Mrs. Anderson continued to darn, but also kept looking over at Jeff as she worked. "What about her do you find most attractive?"

He knew what he would like to say, what would be the most honest answer. "Her personality," and that wasn't it. "She's really a very considerate person." That definitely appeared to be the case though. She had been very generous and giving with her breasts and nipple.

Mrs. Anderson stopped for a second to look at her son in a more direct and sustained manner. "You know that's not what I meant." She smiled, "But, that is good answer. She is indeed a very considerate young lady. You know she wants to be a nurse someday."

"That's nice," Jeff replied, thinking how he had nursed on Patsy's nipple.

"But, let's get back to the point. What do you think is her prettiest quality?"

Jeff again thought of her breasts, and that wonderfully big nipple, and how tremendously delightful it was to suck on it. "Her eyes."

Mrs. Anderson giggled. She could tell that her son was still being evasive. She did enjoy teasing him. She had previously teased him about girls he was dating, but not specifically about sex, although perhaps she should have. He always seemed to find the subject to be rather uncomfortable, which indicated that he would indeed be ripe for teasing. But, as a mother, she had felt that if she did so she might only make him more uncomfortable. Overcoming such insecurity and self-consciousness though was a an explicit goal and direct benefit of The Program. "What are the color of her eyes?"

Jeff did not hesitate. "Green." Jeff did very much like green eyes. They just seemed so uniquely striking.

Mrs. Anderson was impressed. "Maybe you have some feelings for her as well?"

"Mother, c'mon."

"Yes, well, you must find her eyes to be really very pretty, as your little man is peeking out from beneath his coverlet."

Jeff immediately looked down. She was right. His "little man" had been provided with some rest, and now all this discussion, and contemplation, of Patsy's nipple was having an effect. His penis was again awakening. His heart raced. He so much wanted to cover himself up.

Mrs. Anderson corrected herself, "Actually, I shouldn't call him a little man. I know what a big, strong man he becomes, you know, when he gets all puffed up and excited."

It didn't help Jeff with his problem for his mother to talk about it, like that.

"I bet Patsy would be impressed by how big it is."

"C'mon mother, can't we talk about something else?"

"I'm just saying that you have nothing to be self-conscious about. He's a very handsome and impressive fellow, and you're going to make a girl very happy someday."

Mothers dish out compliments to their sons, and daughters, like it was their birthday pudding. It was difficult at times to tell whether one should really take them seriously. But, somehow, when it came to his penis, and its size, Jeff was not about to reject the compliment as being just another expression of a mother's love for her son. He even felt his face flush with embarrassed pride. "C'mon, mother, stop it," he said more softly, but this time with less urgency.

"Well, you may say to stop it but someone else seems to like it."

He looked down again, and it was evident that his penis was swelling further.

Mrs. Anderson added, "I don't know though if it's because of my compliment or you're still thinking about Patsy's eyes."

"Mom, I'm sorry. Let's just talk about something else and it'll go away."

"Now, son, an erection on a healthy young man, thinking about a girl, is nothing to be ashamed of. Patsy Emerson is a lovely young lady, would make a really wonderful wife, and I think he's just trying to help you appreciate that." If there was one thing that was emphasized in The Program literature, it was the importance of accepting, even embracing, the occurrence of erections among male participants. It was still a little awkward for Mrs. Anderson, but she had managed the first time, in the hallway. She could do it again. "Why don't you bring that young man over here and let's see what he has to say."

"Mother!"

"Oh hush now. You know you'll like it." She was reminded of when he was little, always complaining about getting a good night's kiss yet clearly even more disappointed if she failed to offer one. She halted her sewing and turn her chair toward him to provide him with her full attention. "Look at him," she said, pointing to his swelling penis. "He's getting all excited just thinking about it."

It was true. He might lie but his penis wouldn't, or at least couldn't. It was like his mother had her own pleismograph, or at least Jeff would clearly flunk if he was hooked up. He resigned himself to his fate. He got up from his chair and strode over to his mother, his cock getting harder and harder, bigger and bigger, with each step.

Mrs. Anderson smiled with pride. It's so wonderful to see your children growing up, and Jeff was growing right before her eyes. And, she hadn't been lying earlier. He really did have a very handsome cock. By the time he reached her his dick was sticking out and waving side to side.

Mrs. Anderson had a much better perspective than earlier. With her seated and him standing before her, his cock was essentially at eye level. "Bring him closer, Jeffrey," she instructed, "so mums can see."

He could not get entirely over the fact that it was his mother to whom he was presenting his stiff erect cock. He cautiously moved it closer to her, looking like the reluctant child with a scraped knee upon which his mother wants to apply some stinging antiseptic. This time her ministration wouldn't hurt, far from it. But, he did feel a little self-conscious about it.

When he still didn't bring it close enough Mrs. Anderson reached out with her left hand, firmly grasped his buttock, and pulled him the rest of the way to her so that his cock was now but an inch from her eyes.

She took hold of it with the fingers of her right hand.

Jeff flinched a bit, but stayed put to receive his medicine.

Mrs. Anderson studied it closely, turning it this way and that, giving it a very careful and thorough inspection. "It's really quite remarkable how much it resembles your father's."

"Is mine bigger?" It was a natural question, wasn't it?

Mrs. Anderson looked up at him and smiled. "Honey, it's not polite to ask things like that." She did wonder herself though. Alex probably would not be pleased to have his son be larger, although all fathers do want their sons to surpass them in life. Alex was quite proud of Jeff's superior skills in sports. Perhaps he would feel the same way if Jeff's cock was in fact bigger. She contemplated actually comparing them, directly. She could feel a warmth growing between her thighs. She had never been with two men at the same time. That always seemed so wrong, so obscene, so slutty. But, it wouldn't be like that if it was with her son and husband. It would still be all in the family.

"You really are a very virile young man," she said proudly. "You do produce quite a bit of sperm," recalling how he had so thoroughly soaked her apron, and how wonderfully fresh it had smelled. She had not yet put the apron into the clothes hamper, in case she wanted to consider it again.

Jeff's face flushed with embarrassment, and pride.

Mrs. Anderson leaned in so that her nose touched, rested against, his shaft, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath of her son's manly aroma. There was something about the male scent that really excited her. The cock is so earthy and musky. She opened her eyes. His swollen crown this close did look pretty darned big and powerful, truly a weapon to be reckoned with. She pulled it down to her lips and gave it a big, sustained kiss on the tip.

"Mums," Jeff gasped at the feel of his mother's lips on the tip, and at the sight. His mother had kissed him many, many times before, and so many of these kisses were so important, so well felt, so meaningful and wonderful. But, none were like this by any stretch of the imagination. The bulb of his cock seemed to swell and grow darker as her full red lipsticked lips pressed hard against his crown.

Mrs. Anderson slowly and only slightly parted her lips and then pressed her face down, her lips gradually widening as her boy's bulb slid through them and into her mouth. For the moment she went no further than that, holding only the crown in her mouth, and bathing his knob with her wet slippery tongue, like a mother would do for her pup, like a mother would do for her son.

"Oh man," Jeff gasped. His legs trembled. His mother's tongue licking and lapping away at his bulb felt so, so good. He had never imagined his mother being good at sucking cock. Not too many boys do probably think of that. But, he was now experiencing his mother in a new light, in a new way, and he was terribly, terribly impressed. He clearly had not been giving his mother enough credit.

Mrs. Anderson gently cupped, caressed, and tickled Jeff's balls with the fingers of her left hand, using her right to firmly grasp and stroke his shaft as she continued to suckle at the knob of her son with her lips and tongue.

It was for Jeff a deluge of delightful stimulation. There hardly seemed to be an inch of his nuts and cock that were not tingling with enchantment, with ecstatic glee. If not having cum twice already that evening he would have readily exploded into his mother's mouth, which really wasn't such a bad idea.

She worked on his knob for quite some time, giving it a good cleaning and polishing, as only a dedicated homemaker would do, softly nursing and caressing it with her warm, soft, wet tongue, tasting and snuggling her son in perhaps the most intimate manner possible, and taking her time in doing so. Quality time with your son should not be savored, not rushed.

Mrs. Anderson though suddenly stopped and removed her lips from his dick, albeit still caressing his balls and gripping his shaft. She looked up at him flirtatiously, teasingly, and asked, "Would you like Patsy to do this?"

What a question to ask a son! How do you answer it? Of course he would, but wouldn't that be insulting? After all, it was his mother doing it now. If a girlfriend asked him that question about another girl, the correct answer was very clear. Why do mothers put you in such awkward situations?

Mrs. Anderson though wasn't really expecting an answer. She let go of his balls and cock and got up from her chair to stand before him, all the while keeping her eyes trained on his.

As she slowly unbuttoned her blouse, she said, "You know, I play bridge with Patsy Emerson's mother, Allison. I can let her know that you're interested, you know; put in a good word for you."

Jeff rolled his eyes. "Geeeeez, mom." Frankly, he didn't think he would really need any help, if Patsy's behavior earlier this evening was any indication and, besides, he definitely didn't want his mother to get involved.

Mrs. Anderson watched with delight and satisfaction as Jeff's eyes, once they were finished rolling, were glued to the sight of her unbuttoning her blouse. It was nice to once again experience a young man lusting after her breasts. When she was younger she would at times find it rather annoying when a boy ogled her boobs, but as she got older she began to appreciate it more, and she certainly hadn't experienced it in quite some time. Well, Alex did still admire, value, and enjoy them. That was true, and she did appreciate that. But, there was something about the more ecstatic, urgent, and even desperate interest of a young man for full, soft big tits that was really quite special.

Once all of the buttons were undone she opened up her blouse and thrust her chest out.

Jeff felt like his eyes would pop out. His mother had such fantastic boobs, as she had been reminded of that fact earlier this evening. His friends had commented on this point once or twice, much to Jeff's annoyance. He didn't really feel it was appropriate for them to talk about his mother that way. But, maybe he had been wrong to admonish them. He had never seen them like this before, thrusting right out in front of his eyes, all daintily and sexily clad in a pink, lacy push-up plunging brassiere. His mother wore underwear like this?

Actually, he did have some knowledge of his mother's underwear. He had snuck into her underwear drawer when he was younger, getting really quite aroused at the sight and feel of her dainty things, imagining her in them but feeling quite guilty for doing so. Yet, now, here she was, wearing them and even displaying them for him. His cock twitched and danced with delight.

"Here, honey," she instructed, "help your mums and reach around to undo my brassiere."

His hands trembled a bit as he reached into her blouse and around her body, being careful not to actually touch them. It would be hard to imagine her caring if he did touch her breasts, but yesterday it would have been even harder to imagine her offering them to him.

He found the clasp of her brassiere, but struggled a bit to get it undone.

Mrs. Anderson giggled at her son's clumsiness. She was actually pleased to see that he wasn't the smooth, experienced lover. She really wouldn't want her son to be some sort of womanizer. She did though enjoy teasing him. "You better get some practice at this, Jeffrey, if you don't want to disappoint Patsy."

Jeff scowled. He had undone brassieres a number of times and he didn't like looking the novice virgin with his mother. It was really just the awkward positioning: not being able to see the clasp made it difficult. He almost defended himself by telling her how many times he had done this before but he didn't think she would really want to hear that. And, besides, the number wasn't that large anyway. It was usually the girl that undid the brassiere. He finally though got it undone.

Mrs. Anderson clapped her hands. "That's a good boy!"

Jeff's face flushed with embarrassment. If she kept this up he might even lose his erection, and that would be even more embarrassing.

"Now, for your reward," she added, pulling the cups away so that she could lift them up over her boobs to offer them to her son, bringing the large soft white globes into view. She whispered, "Do you like your mother's breasts?"

Jeff's eyes almost felt blinded by their whiteness, their provocativeness, their wonder. He gasped, "Oh yes, very much so." His mother did really have pretty darned fantastic boobs. They were no longer perfectly round. After all, they were real, but they were still terribly bold and prominent. It was one thing to see them thrusting out a blouse. It was fantastic to see them enclosed within a sexy brassiere. But they seemed to take on even new heights of wonder when seen fully naked. They were just so gloriously full and firm, thrusting out from her like two big fleshy white round pillows, each capped by stiff pointy tall nipples.

There was something primeval, something instinctually fundamental, about a son's desire for his mother's breasts. Whatever it was, it was engulfing Jeff's mind, and swelling his dick.

Mrs. Anderson asked, teasingly, "Do you think Patsy's will be better?"

He shook his head no. He had to admit that his mother's were better. It was the honest answer, and he knew it would not get back to Patsy.

"That's so sweet," Mrs. Anderson responded. She added, "You can play with them, if you like."

Jeff hadn't touched his mother's boobs since he was a boy, and he had never played with them like this before. Well, perhaps he had, when he was even littler. He grasped hold of each one of them, squeezing and groping them with a lustful abandonment of youth.

Mrs. Anderson gasped at the touch, the squeeze, of her son's hands. She might have to instruct him later about how to more sensually caress a woman's breasts. Still, she couldn't dock him any points for enthusiasm and, well, they were the hands of her son, after all, and that did make it all the more special for her. "Kiss them too, honey," she whispered.

Jeff didn't need a second prompt. He dove in and pressed his lips against one of those taut towering teats, while continuing to squeeze, maul, and grope his mother's big bouncy boobs.

"Oh son," Mrs. Anderson gasped at the feel of the boy's lips, once again, on her nipple. It had been so long. She didn't realize how much she had missed him suckling on her breast.

There was something eerily right and familiar about this for Jeff, sucking on his mother's breasts. He did not have any memory of having done this before, but he certainly must have. His psychology professor suggested that all boys are searching for their mothers' breasts. Well, he had found his, and he relished in them, their softness, their squishiness, their comforting, nurturing fullness. He briefly released her nipple to bury his face down into the deep valley of her cleavage, using his hands to envelope and engulf his face, his head, with those two humongous fleshy orbs. He could indeed play with these things for hours.

But, Mrs. Anderson had other things on her mind. She gently but firmly pushed her son's face away from her teats, momentarily recalling how it had in fact been quite difficult to end his breast feeding when he was an infant. He kept trying to get back at them. As he once again resisted letting go she wondered if perhaps she should have ended it even sooner, or perhaps later. It was always so difficult to tell.

"Honey," she gasped. "I want you to do something else, for me."

Jeff's face was flush with arousal, his dick was straining against its skin. Right now, he would do anything for his mother, as any young man should always feel. He was fully realizing how beneficial The Program can be for renewing the bonds, the strength, of a family's commitment and love for one another. "Anything," he gasped.

She stepped around him, her breasts wiggling as she did so, to go over to the chair upon which he was sitting earlier. She got onto the chair, on her knees, and thrust her bottom back toward her son. She felt a little embarrassed to say it to her son and so she didn't look back as she asked, "Pull down my panties?"



Jeff was at first just shocked at the suggestion. He wasn't too sure he hard her correctly. And, when he was certain of what he had heard, he was still uncertain of its propriety.

"What about dad?" Jeff was wondering if perhaps they were going a bit too far. It was rather clear what his mother was asking him to do, beyond simply pull down her panties, and he naturally wondered if his father might disapprove. It certainly wouldn't be good if he just walked in on them.

"Maybe next time," she gasped impatiently, and then realized that perhaps Jeff had been expressing a different concern. She turned her head to look back at him. "He's watching TV."

The fact that he was watching TV was a rather ambiguous answer. She could be saying that he would probably be too interested in television to want to join in, which was frankly hard to imagine. Jeff could never imagine wanting to watch television instead of having sex but, of course, he hadn't been married for over 20 years. But, that wasn't the point, or at least wasn't the point of his question. She could be saying that he was watching TV to indicate that they were safe, that he wouldn't come down the hall. Well, either way, she didn't seem to feel it was an issue. Mothers do know best. As instructed, he lifted up his mother's skirt to pull down her panties.

He did though pause a moment to enjoy the sight of his mother with her skirt over her back, thrusting back her bottom, so nicely and tightly wrapped in pink lace bikini panties. His mother didn't wear panties like this every day, did she? He would really look at her quite differently from now on. At Templeton College the administration would occasionally engage in surprise uniform inspections. Girls were most often the target, checking to see that they were wearing the regulation white cotton panties (see "The Lessons, Chapter 1, Mr. Peters teachers Sara a lesson"). Well, if his parents were implementing Abberville's Program at home, perhaps he could lobby as well for periodic panty inspections, like they did at Templeton.

"Hurry," his mother urged. She was feeling a little self-conscious about thrusting her bottom back at her son, like she was a bitch dog in heat, wanting her boy to mount her and fuck her. Plus, she really wasn't entirely sure how Alex would feel about this. The Program was mostly his idea but she wouldn't be surprised if he felt that she was taking this a bit too far, especially on the first night. It wasn't like she wouldn't tell him about this later, but there was a time and a place for everything, and right now the time was for her son to get her panties down.

Jeff grasped the waistband of his mother's panties and pulled them down to her knees, opening to his eyes the wondrous sight of his mother's lovely white split moon.

Jeff's eyes glowed with delight in the light of his mother's pale moon. Even his mother's butt was pretty darned amazingly good. Of course, her bottom was not as good as her breasts, but the latter were so powerfully fantastic that it would have been difficult to equal them. And, still, if asked (and he sure hoped his mother wouldn't) he would have to say that Patsy's bottom was probably better than his mother's. Of course, he hadn't seen Patsy's (yet), but he could tell that hers would be very tiny and perky, just how he liked them. Still, there is also something very pleasing about womanly bottoms. They are so full, so round, so meaty. It wasn't that his mother was overweight, or anything like that. Far from it. It's just that she did indeed have the full, fleshy butt of a woman. He grasped hold of her soft full cheeks in his hands.

Mrs. Anderson used her hands to cover her face. This was a little embarrassing. Many a time she had made Jeff lie over her lap to receive a bare bottom spanking when he was much younger, and other times she had taken his temperature within his derriere. He always complained about that, finding it so embarrassing to have to show her his naked bottom, and especially to have her inspect his anus and stick things up his butt hole. Well, turnabout is apparently fair play, and she submitted her bottom to her son's inspection. She even arched her back more and lifted her derriere up higher.

Jeff could see his mother's full, thick, fleshy feminine lips peeking out from between her thighs. He squeezed her soft round plump pumpkin cheeks as his eyes feasted on her womanly lips. They were indeed quite visible beneath her growth. His mother apparently didn't shave herself down there, like some girls he had known. She was apparently old-fashioned in that way as well. But, he would not begrudge her this sign of her age. He might though consider dropping a hint at some point. Father would probably like that. He smiled as he noticed the glistening moisture on her lips. He did enjoy seeing that.

He let go of her ass with his right hand and used it to direct his cock into her lips, into her cunt.

Mrs. Anderson reached back, beneath her and between her thighs to help guide her son in. She didn't know how much experience he had at such matters and she knew that the first few times can be a bit clumsy for a boy. She didn't want him to get embarrassed over struggling to get it in.

Jeff let go of his cock once her mother took hold of it. He would prefer to do it himself, to show his mother that he could indeed do it himself, but her fingers did feel nice as she guided him to the correct spot. In fact, she at first just rubbed the knob around and around, and up and down her slit, giving it a sort of guided tour of the terrain.

She did though eventually lodge him in the correct location and pushed back with her hips to help drive him in.

As Jeff felt his mother push back he drove forward, driving his cock deep up inside his mother's cunt.

It was really quite surreal, looking down at his mother's white naked full butt, her puckered anus peeking up at him from deep down in her crack. It was certainly a perspective on his mother he had never seen before, and his cock felt so, so good sliding up into her tight, thick, fleshy wet cunt. She might be old enough to be his mother, quite literally so, but she did still have a pretty darned good cunt, and there was really very little that wasn't better than feeling a woman's tight, hot, slippery cunt gripping, squeezing, massaging every inch of your dick as you thrust it in and out, banging against her butt, those womanly cheeks wiggling like jello with each slam.

"Oh my goodness," Mrs. Anderson gasped. She spread her legs as best she could with her panties caught at her knees.

Jeff had a moment of panic. What if she didn't cum? What if he came too soon? Boy, imagine having a premature ejaculation problem with your own mother. No son wants to disappoint his mother, and certainly not when it came to something like this! He was so glad that he had cum twice already that day, as he would have otherwise cum pretty darned quickly. He very much loved doing it from behind as it seemed so much more animalistic and primitive (perhaps it was no coincidence that his mother wanted to do it that way as well).

Mrs. Anderson kept her hand back between her thighs so that whenever Jeff drove his cock deep up inside her she could caress and tickle his balls, providing him with just a bit more motherly encouragement.

Jeff liked that. He lurched a bit at her first touch. He was rather ticklish behind the balls, but once he got used to it he really did like it. No girl before had played with his balls while he fucked her from behind. Of course, it wasn't like Jeff had sex with lots and lots of different women. But, still, his mother impressed him with her creative and unique skills. His esteem for her was rising rapidly, although that could just be his sexual arousal.

He needed to return the favor. He bent down over her and reached around, grabbing hold of her bulbous boobs in his hands, giving them a very hearty squeeze as he plunged his dick in and out of her cunt, using his grip on her hanging jugs to help hold her steady so that he could fuck her with even more force and fury.

Jeff humped his mother like this for quite a bit and Mrs. Anderson was duly impressed with her son's staying power. She would think a young man would not last too long. Certainly his father had not lasted so long when he was Jeff's age and fucked her this hard. "Oh my...oh my....oh my," she gasped with each plunge. Alex had not in fact fucked her like this, at least fucked her this hard, in a long, long time. "Jeffrey, it feels so good. You're so, so good."

Jeff had to figure that she was just saying that because she was his mother. Your mother always has to compliment your performance. When had she said that he hadn't done a great job in a school play, a ball game, or virtually anything else? It's really part of her job to compliment him profusely and, frankly, he wasn't doing anything too special. But, he was at least inspired to fuck her even harder. He clutched and squeezed her breasts as he pounded her cunt with his cock, slapping her ass hard with his abdomen.

"Ngh...ngh...ngh," his mother now mumbled and groaned with each driving, slamming thrust. She could no longer keep up tickling her son's balls so she switched her fingers to diddling her clit, becoming perhaps a bit selfish for a mother, concentrating on her own sexual pleasure, but he didn't appear to be needing any of her help. Her son had all grown up.

Jeff could not in fact recall fucking a girl with this much force, this much animalistic frenzy, but one should probably pull out all the stops when it comes to one's mother. He groped and mauled his mother's bobbling boobs as he hammered her cunt with his cock, thumping and slamming her butt with his abdomen.

As hard as she was being fucked Mrs. Anderson was grinding her fingers hard against her clit, twisting and gyrating her hips, squirming and writhing her cunt all over and around her son's cock as he kept plunging it in and out with unadulterated, savage, and deranged ferocity.

"Jeff, I'm going...I'm going to...you're making me," she gasped and panted, doubling her efforts to furiously diddle her clit. Jeff pinched his mother's nipples and she suddenly quivered in violently shuddering paroxysms.

"Oh Jeff, your mother, I'm," she tried to explain, but she didn't have to.

Jeff sometimes didn't really know if the girl he was fucking did in fact have an orgasm, but that wasn't the case here. Perhaps it was because she was his mother that he could tell. But, her sudden freezing of all voluntary movements coupled with the involuntary quivering, shuddering, twitching was rather telling, along with her lustful exclamations.

Jeff gave himself over to his own climax as well. "Mums," he gasped, falling onto her back as he felt his cock jerk and spurt into his mother's cunt.

"Oh baby, yes," she moaned, letting go of her clit to reach back to again grasp her son's balls, giving him gentle squeezes to encourage him to unload all of his sperm deep inside her cunt.

She so much enjoyed a man cumming inside her. It just felt so romantic, so intimate, so special, and nothing could really be more special than for it to be the cum of her son, jolting, jerking, and kicking in her cunt like a crazed bull, spewing out deep inside the sperm of the next generation of the Anderson clan. She rested her face against the soft cushion of the chair and sighed with deep satisfaction, as the blissful waves of her orgasm coursed through her body, her mind, and her cunt filled with her son's thick, wet semen.

Jeff fell more heavily onto his mother's back. He was exhausted. It had been a long day. Three orgasms was probably his limit. It almost felt like he would have a heart attack, his body not used to this much pleasure, this much excitement. Plus, he had been fucking her so hard that his energy was spent, and he simply rested against his mother, a rest sorely needed as he basked in the pleasure of his shuddering orgasm, his cock still spitting and spewing cum up into his mother's cunt.

When she felt the last squirt, she gave her son's nuts a gentle, complimentary squeeze of appreciation. Mrs. Anderson had never felt closer to her son than she did now. She would have The Program to thank for that.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I hope you enjoyed it. I certainly enjoyed writing it. If you did like it, then most certainly please do take the time to vote and read on to the sequel. But, keep in mind, the sequel will focus more closely on Mary's turn to participate in The Program.




Naked at Home Ch. 02
byCharles Petersunn©

This story is in the genre of the "naked at college" series, but now at home. As such, it is very, very incestuous. If you don't like stories involving incest there is no way you should read this one. You will just be appalled if not disgusted, and you would be much better off reading something you would enjoy. It is also important to note that this is Part Two. The story will make little sense without first reading Part One, although some of the introductory material from Part One is repeated.

Part 2: Mary

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The Andersons were a rather unique family. They were quite open-minded, liberal, and forward thinkers. Mr. and Mrs. Anderson were well educated, both having graduated from Abberville College with honors. Mr. Anderson went on to law school and was now a very successful lawyer, quickly becoming an associate partner of Wagner, Cronenberg, Tenyari, and Orblover, a rather successful and well-regarded firm specializing in divorce, mortgage, and estate law. And, being a lawyer, Mr. Anderson was a man who knew his rights.

Alex and Donna Anderson, however, were very concerned about their children. Well, they weren't really children any more. Mary was 18 and Jeff was 20. They were now both themselves college students, Jeff was attending Templeton College, whereas Mary was attending Abberville, just like her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Anderson were quite pleased with that, but their concern was that Jeff and Mary weren't excelling in their studies as the two of them had when they were at Abberville. Neither of their kids appeared to have the discipline, the motivation, to truly succeed in life.

They couldn't live forever off the success, the income, the savings, that Mr. Anderson had struggled to accumulate. They needed to learn that someday they would be on their own and would have to fend for themselves, yet their grades in college were worse than their grades had been in high school. If not for Mr. Anderson's connections, and perhaps Mrs. Anderson's charm during the admissions interview, Mary and Jeff might not have even been admitted and, here they were, squandering away this opportunity that would be coveted by so many of their peers.

The parents were at a loss for what to do, until one day when Mary, home for summer vacation after having completed her first year at Abberville, told them about a new pedagogical technique implemented this past year at Abberville, called The Program (see "Naked at College"). Mr. Anderson was very intrigued by this apparent innovation in the training and development of today's youth.

He learned that the primary purpose of The Program was to help develop personal growth, adjustment, and self-esteem. However, as he read more and more material, particularly the earlier papers of Mr. Peters at Templeton College, he discovered that some variation of this approach could also be used to develop better self-discipline, motivation, and dedication. Yes, they would have to try this at home. After all, discipline does begin at home.

He discussed it with his wife, Donna. She was a little apprehensive. It did seem like a rather radical idea, although she had been one of the more active members of the Abberville Enthusiasts Club.

They decided to begin with Jeff (see "Naked at home, part 1: Jeff"). He was the older sibling. If it was not helpful for him, then they wouldn't try it with Mary.

But, they felt that the first night of The Program with Jeff had gone very, very well. They could both see an immediate positive effect on his behavior, his motivation, his sense of responsibility to his family and his future. He had become much more respectful and responsive as a son. They were really very, very impressed.

After observing the beneficial impact The Program had on Jeff, they knew that it was time to try it with their daughter, Mary. As they had done before, they made the announcement at the end of dinner.

"Well, Mary," Mr. Anderson said. "I think you may have noticed how helpful The Program has been for Jeff."

Mary had to admit that she had indeed noticed it, although she wasn't too sure if Jeff was being nice simply to get in good with Patsy (a friend of Mary that Jeff might date), or perhaps to try to have another evening with her friends. "Yea, I suppose," she responded in a non-committal manner.

"Well, we, your parents, believe it is time now for you to take your turn."

"Me?!" Mary's jaw dropped and her heart skipped a beat.

"Well, yes, naturally, pumpkin," her father responded. "I thought we were quite clear about that. Each of you would participate, at various times."

Mary's face turned beet red. During the original night in which they introduced The Program, her parents had began their discussion by referring to both of them, but they hadn't precisely, specifically, said that she would have to participate as well, or at least she had been hoping that it would be confined to Jeff. But, her perception of what they had said was apparently more of a reflection of her desire than what they actually said. As she now recalled, they did say that Jeff would participate "first."

She also figured, or at least hoped, that they would see how bizarre and wrong it was to have Jeff be naked in front of them, perhaps especially herself, and they would no longer consider having her participate. But, she had to admit, Jeff was indeed acting like a much better son, and even brother, than he had before that rather unusual evening.

Still, there was one very important point. "But daddy, I'm a girl!"

Her father furrowed his brow, wondering what her point was.

"It's different for girls," Mary explained. She turned to her mother. "Mummy, tell him! Explain it to him!" She couldn't believe how dense her father was. He had been like totally absurd many times before, but this was well over the top.

Mrs. Anderson, however, was of no help. "Your father and I have discussed this. It has certainly been very helpful for Jeff. We both believe it is the right and proper thing to do."

Mary knew that she had little choice. She did have a choice, technically. She was eighteen. She could choose not to participate. But now that Jeff had participated, it was really very difficult for her to refuse. And, more importantly, as they had indicated with Jeff, she would lose her financial support for college, and perhaps even more. With considerable reluctance, to say the least, along with as much surprise, she said, quietly, "Well, alright."

Jeff grinned broadly, and felt his dick immediately swell within his slacks just at the thought of his sister's participation. This is what he had been hoping for quite some time, fantasizing about visiting Abberville when Mary was chosen to participate in The Program. This would be even better, as this would be in the privacy and intimacy of their house, their home.

"That's the Anderson spirit I like to see!" Mr. Anderson gleefully and proudly replied.

Well, Mary thought, he was about to see a lot more than that, and her face reddened again. She pushed her chair away from the dinner table and made her way to the spot where Jeff had undressed, standing in the entrance to the dining room. She slowly began to remove her clothes.

One advantage of sitting at the dinner table was that nobody could see the front of one's slacks. Jeff slipped his hand beneath the table to quietly, surreptitiously, play with himself as he watched his younger sister undress. He tried to look nonchalant, even perhaps a bit disinterested, but his heart was racing and his pupils were enlarging, as was his dick within his fingers.

Once The Program had been implemented at Abberville Mary had feared that someday she would be asked, or chosen, to participate. Just the thought of having to go to classes naked was unimaginatively horrific! Yet, here she was, participating in The Program in her own home. One would like to say in the safety of one's own home, but right now it didn't really feel that way.

Mary felt the eyes of her entire family upon her as she unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it from her skirt. She was reminded of when her family had all come to her ballet recital as a kid. The presence of her father had made her feel particularly nervous. She didn't really know why. Perhaps because it was so often accompanied by subtle criticism and pointless advice. Well, this was certainly considerably worse. The presence of her brother hadn't actually bothered her during the ballet recital, but it was much, much different now. She turned around to take off her skirt.

"No, no, pumpkin," her father admonished her. "You must always present yourself to the audience."

Mary was again reminded of the ballet rehearsals. Her father didn't even know that much about ballet but always kept giving her suggestions and instructions. But, he was actually right this time. She knew the rules of The Program. Unless instructed otherwise by an audience member or a professor, one must always face your fellow students, or in this case your family. "Yes, father," she glumly replied and turned back around to again face her family. She unzipped her skirt, stepped out of it, carefully folded it, and laid it on the side table.

Mary was wearing a blouse with long tails so nothing was really that exposed, yet. Plus, she was holding her blouse closed so that nothing could be seen there as well. Still, it was an endearing sight: the pretty Mary wearing now only shirt, socks, and shoes, clutching at her blouse, looking so nervous, so forlorn. It was a moment of grand anticipation. Jeff was openly handling his cock beneath the table.

Mary knew that if she hesitated too long her mother, or her father, would instruct her brother to help remove the rest of her garments, just as they had threatened Jeff. She started to again turn her back to her family, but caught herself. With her eyes closed she removed her arms from her blouse, folded it, and carefully laid it on her skirt, and stood before her family, in her undies.

Mary was a very pretty girl. Both of her parents were proud and pleased with that. She reminded many persons as a sort of young Kristin Chenoweth, particularly in her role on West Wing. She had long flowing blonde hair, split center-left, large green eyes, fluttering eyelashes, perfectly white skin, a perky nose and red rosy cheeks with a hint of dimple. Plus, she had the high pitched voice of Ms. Chenoweth, as well as her very diminutive stature, an inch less than five feet.

"Oh my, honey," Mrs. Anderson said, "that's a very lovely bra and panty set, don't you think so, dear?" speaking to her husband.

Mr. Anderson could feel his cock swelling as well, and he felt a bit concerned about that. His daughter was indeed terribly attractive, and, yes, Donna was certainly right about her ensemble. It was indeed a very pretty bra and panty set. But, still, he did feel a little awkward to be seeing her so alluring.

Mary wasn't wearing explicitly sexual or provocative lingerie. But, the matching cotton bra and bikini panty set were still quite fetching. They were both pink and decorated with colorful cupcakes, candy canes, and ice cream cones all sprinkled around, the brassiere and panties both trimmed with just a small band of white lace. The brassiere fit really quite well, providing her breasts with a very complimentary roundness, with the notable and endearing exception of her perky nipples poking through. The panties might have been a little tight, but for Jeff that was a plus, as he could very easily detect his sister's camel toe.

"Honey!" Mrs. Anderson prompted her husband.

"Oh yes, yes dear," Mr. Anderson responded. He was still contemplating his daughter and had not yet answered his wife. "They are really quite, um, charming." Even just complimenting his daughter on her brassiere and panties seemed a bit awkward.

"Where did you purchase them, sweetie?" her mother asked.

Mary opened her eyes to look at her mom. "Mother, please." Her mother always seemed to overdo her compliments of her apparel, and she didn't really want her undies to be the focus of conversation, albeit she was indeed presenting a most captivating and winsome sight.

"Well just tell me where you got them, honey. I'm sure Alex would like me to purchase a set for myself."

"Walmart," Mary blandly replied.

That momentarily silenced her mother, but she quickly recovered. "Well, Walmart does have very good undies."

Her father though was pleased. It was good to hear that his daughter was not spending her college stipend on expensive underwear. But, this was not an exercise on the economics of one's apparel. The family needed to get back on track. "Yes, well, let's get those off as well, Mary. You can keep your socks on though." If Jeff got to keep his socks on, it was reasonable to allow Mary to have this courtesy as well.

Mary, as an Abberville student, had wondered what it would be like for The Program participants when they first had to take their clothes off in front of the college president or dean, and what it was like when they first stepped out naked onto the campus. She never did really want to know, but she was certainly very curious. Well, this must be a close second, if not even worse.

Yes, it might in fact be worse to have to be naked in front of your father and brother than in front of strangers. Anxious, self-conscious, and ruminative thoughts were all running through her head as she reached behind to grasp hold of the clasp of her brassiere, her boobs unintentionally thrusting forward, jutting outward, as she did so.

Jeff's cock was doing a considerable amount of jutting as well.

Mary unclasped her brassiere, but as she pulled the cups away from her breasts she immediately covered them, as best she could, with her right arm and hand. Nobody admonished her for that, at least not yet.

Frankly, the effort to be modest, to hide her breasts, made her look all the more adorable, as she was displaying, proclaiming, how intimate and personal this was. Plus, what one could still see, the soft, white parts squishing out from beneath her hand and arm, were really very enticing and, for the moment, sufficiently pleasing. This wasn't the reason her mother didn't complain about Mary's effort to hide her breasts, but it's possible that it did factor into her father's silence.

Pulling panties down with one hand though was a bit tricky. She had to keep pulling down different bits and parts of her panties, inching one part down as best she could, and then shifting over to the other side, all the time bent over so that nobody could see what was being exposed, as well as continuing to try to keep her breasts hidden as much as possible.

Once the panties were past her thighs, though, they slipped down the rest of the way fairly easily, gathering at her ankles in a little pile of very colorful cotton femininity.

She then used her left hand to hide her cunnie, although still exposing the very naked, lily white hips and thighs. Mary had very strong tan lines, which now appeared to largely shout and scream by the contrasting pale whiteness that the parts of her that were now exposed and soon to be seen were very, very private indeed, not ever seen in the light of day.

Mary stepped awkwardly out of her panties and then wasn't too sure what to do next. She didn't really want to reach down to pick them up as she would then have to expose one of those two parts of her body. But, she knew she couldn't just leave them there. She looked down at them, wondering what to do.

"Dear, don't leave your panties lying around on the floor," her mother admonished her.

Mary knew that she would eventually, if not almost immediately, have to remove her hands from her body anyway, but which part to expose now? Well, that wasn't actually a difficult choice. She removed her hand from her breasts, blood immediately rushing to her face, and bent over to pick up her panties, her boobs coming into sight and even wiggling and bobbling as she bent over.

Jeff inhaled with wonder at the sight of his sister's breasts now fully exposed. He had seen a number of naked breasts. Frankly, Patsy's were probably better than his sister's, if size was the only basis for evaluation. But, these were indeed his sister's breasts, and that did make them rather special in his eyes. He had seen them slowly develop over time, gradually growing into a woman's breasts, and he often thought about how they might look. He had even attempted to get a few peeks at them, such as coincidentally being in the hallway when she left the bathroom after a morning shower, or being sure to walk by when he knew she was changing to go out on a date. He had even got caught once peeking into her room. None of these peeping efforts though had ever paid off. But, now, he was being treated with a very open, explicit show.

Mr. Anderson was equally pleased, but considerably more ambivalent. His immediate reaction was one of further arousal, within his pants. His daughter did really have very cute wiggly boobies. And, they were clearly the firm and fresh breasts of youth. But he then, almost as quickly, felt guilty and ambivalent about having such reactions. It was not only that she was his daughter, but his wife, her mother, was sitting right there, across the table from him. It's bad enough when your wife catches you ogling the breasts of another woman, it's probably a lot worse when it's the breasts of her daughter.

"Honey, my goodness, didn't Mary develop well!?" Mrs. Anderson exclaimed, with considerable pride and enthusiasm. She was really very pleased. Mothers do like it when their daughters grow up to be pretty and attractive young women. They would love them anyway, even if it was not true. And, they would sincerely and accurately tell them that they will find a man, a good man, even if they aren't particularly attractive. But, still, it is nice when she is indeed objectively pretty and attractive, and Mary was certainly that.

Mary's face was so red as she laid her panties on her skirt and returned to her spot in the entranceway. She did not return her hand to her breasts. The cat was now out of the bag, so to speak, and there was no point in trying to get it back in. She stood before her family, very self-consciously, presenting for their observation, their consideration, their evaluation, and perhaps their pleasure (at least for Jeff), her young, naked boobs.

Mr. Anderson was relieved that his wife didn't appear to object to him noticing how attractive and appealing were his daughter's breasts. In fact, she even wanted him, was inviting him, to comment on them. Objectively, they were not large. Unlike Ms. Chenoweth, they were a bit on the small side. But, being a very petite girl, Mary's titties were really very proportional to her size and still very, very lovely. They were so wonderfully round and perky, and her pink nipples were even standing up so proud, almost as pink as her face." Yes, she has indeed," Mr. Anderson agreed, still a bit uncomfortable at making such an observation. He briefly reached beneath the table to adjust his dick, which was also getting rather uncomfortable for a more specifically physical reason, but doing so because it was also very, very pleased with his daughter's breasts. He turned his attention though to his wife. "Of course, she has you to thank for that, dear. The apple doesn't fall too far from the tree, you know."

"Oh honey, hush-up," Donna modestly replied, but the compliment was well appreciated. Just as she wondered previously whether Alex might feel uncomfortable about his son being bigger, she was herself a little jealous at seeing how perky and firm were her daughter's breasts. They were really so wonderfully round. Her own were beginning to droop, she felt, at least just a bit.

"Yours though are also quite bigger," her husband added.

"Alex!" Mrs. Anderson scolded her husband. That was perhaps going too far. Her concern wasn't that he was commenting on her breasts in front of the children, it just wasn't considerate to say something like that when his daughter was showing off her own. Alex could often be so dense and insensitive. She remembered how upset Mary was after the ballet recital. Well, he's now apparently denigrated his own daughter's breast development. That can't be good.

Mary scowled. Mother's were bigger. She knew that. And, she did wish that hers were bigger, but she didn't really appreciate father publicly pointing it out. She had though considered getting them enlarged, but had never mentioned it because she knew darned well that daddy would never pay for that. But, perhaps now was a good time to bring it up. "You know, father," she said, "I can get them enlarged. It's really not very expensive."

Mr. Anderson felt hoisted on his own petard. "Pumpkin, we can talk about that later. Now is not a good time."

Funny how it never seems to her father to be a good time to talk about money. Frankly, this seemed like an obviously very good time. "But, don't you think they're a bit small, daddy?" She even thrust them out a bit so her father could get a better appreciation, a better understanding.

Mr. Anderson, though, would not be so easily cajoled and maneuvered into such a major expense. Plus, he was feeling rather uncomfortable about all this. It was the participants in The Program that were supposed to feel uncomfortable and awkward, not the audience. The fact that her daughter was now so openly thrusting her boobies at him was really quite disconcerting. "I think they are very wonderful the way they are," he asserted and, trying to change the subject, "we still need to see the rest of you, young lady."

For a brief moment there Mary had felt that she had gained the upper hand, that it was her father who was feeling uncomfortable about this, feeling defensive. But, with that reminder and redirection she wilted back into a self-conscious insecurity over the reality of the situation. "Yes, daddy," she quietly, glumly, replied, and reluctantly removed her hand from her cunnie.

"Mary," Mrs. Anderson gasped.

Jeff removed his hand from beneath the table, as he knew if he continued he would most certainly cum in his pants. Neither Jeff nor Mr. Anderson could stop themselves from openly staring.

Mary had perhaps one of the most purest and precious slits either of them had ever seen. It was in fact just that: just a little white mound of soft v-shaped flesh rising up from between her thighs, cut down the middle by a short, delicate crevice. Its simplicity was perhaps what was most enticing, appealing, and erotic. The only hair was a narrow strip that was closely cropped, seeming to point the way to her feminine furrow.

"Oh my goodness," her mother had to ask, "do you shave there, dear?"

"Yes, mother, all the girls do."

Mrs. Anderson didn't know how she felt about that. It just seemed so provocative, so revealing. "Well, if all the girls got a tattoo, would that mean you would get one too?"

Mary might have responded by indicating that she was in fact seriously considering a tattoo. A little butterfly on her lower back, perhaps. But, this was probably not the right time to discuss that.

Mrs. Anderson wasn't at all sure she approved of her daughter shaving, down there. But, she did have to admit, it was prettier than just letting the hair grow out in a thick, disheveled bush. She wondered how Alex felt about this. She turned to him to ask, but she could immediately tell by his eyes that he seemed to like it. She wasn't so sure how she felt about that either. She turned back to her daughter. "I just don't know, sweetie."

Mary rolled her eyes. Her mother disapproved of so many things. She was just so old-fashioned. As she usually did when her mother disapproved, Mary turned to her father and asked, "Daddy, what do you think? Don't you think it looks prettier this way?"

Well, he was certainly between a rock and a hard place or, more accurately, two delectably lovely soft places, his daughter's and his wife's. The fact was, considering his daughter's bald pussy, he definitely liked it shaven and really, really wouldn't mind if Donna tried this herself. His eyes were glued to his daughter's little cleft. It was really very adorable, and beguiling.

Any husband who is not psychotic though knows what dangerous ground one is treading when one makes a suggestion for how the wife might improve her physical attractiveness. He recalled when his wife got a new hairdo, in the more traditional location of doing so, and asked for his opinion. He had been honest in his response, and he sorely regretted that. He tried to express his support for his daughter without actually sounding like he had a preference. "Well, dear," he suggested, "if this is what the kids are doing these days, I don't see the harm."

"But, dear," Mrs. Anderson interjected, "it just makes her, well, so open and exposed."

It certainly did that, and Mr. Anderson had to wonder if that was the intention. It would also facilitate oral sex but his cheeks and brow blushed at the fact that he even had that thought about his own daughter's cute little cunnie. "Well," he shrugged, "the kids today, what are you going to do?"

Mary smiled appreciatively at her father. It wasn't the ringing endorsement that she was seeking but she was clearly going to win this battle with her mother. Plus, she could tell by her daddy's eyes that he did in fact like it. Girls are pretty good at reading that in a boy's eyes, but then she also felt a bit uncomfortable, realizing that her father was indeed ogling her shaved pussy.

There was a bit of awkward silence, soon broken by Mrs. Anderson standing up. "Well, let's get this table cleared. These dishes won't clean themselves." She looked over at her naked, shaved daughter, "C'mon Mary, you can take a few yourself."

Mary appreciated the fact that she would no longer be standing center stage, but it was rather awkward, and downright weird, to do the usual family routine of clearing the table and washing dishes with yourself being the only person naked. It might in fact be worse if Jeff and her father were naked as well, but it was still awfully odd and unsettling. It was like a nightmare coming true, that you suddenly found yourself without any clothes. It also added to the strangeness, the surreal quality of the experience, that nobody seemed to be noticing, nobody was commenting on it or even paying much attention as she gathered a couple of plates and glasses and took them into the kitchen. Still, it was nice not to be noticed for one's nakedness.

Mrs. Anderson was lost in her thoughts about the shaving. She in fact wondered if perhaps she should try it herself. She could tell that Alex really liked it, and it had been some time since she had tried something new, a new nightie, perfume, or hairstyle, something to spice up their bedroom play.

Alex and Jeff were hanging back. They were now purposely ignoring Mary in order to try to regain their composure or, more precisely, lose their erections. Minimally, they wanted the ladies to have their backs to them before they got up from the table.

Once the ladies were both walking into the kitchen the men got up, gathered some dishes, plates, and silverware, and followed them in, keeping their eyes averted from one another. Guys are generally respectful about that sort of thing. They both also tried to keep their eyes averted from the sight of Mary's naked, taut, and swaying derriere, but that really wasn't easy. It was just too enjoyable to ignore. They hadn't yet seen that particular attribute of her and they would both have to admit that her naked tush rivaled her face, breasts, and cunnie; well, maybe not her cunnie. But, Mary was a petite girl with a very cute little round perky bottom, and there wasn't a much better sight than a really fetching fanny sashaying along. Cocks began to swell again so they averted their eyes to what they were carrying.

But, they were tested each time they returned to the kitchen with a new load of glasses or dishes. Plus, it was so tempting to steal glances as they dried. It was quite striking how breasts can wiggle so much when they're free and open. Just the act of sponging a plate will cause all sorts of jello gyration. Mr. Anderson had the thought of asking his wife to someday do the dishes in the nude, perhaps at best wearing only an apron (Mary was complaining about getting little splashes on her titties). In any case, there would be something quite homey about his little woman doing dishes in the nude.

Mary was herself quite distracted throughout the dish washing. She couldn't help but wonder what was in store for her this evening, recalling what she and her friends had done with Jeff. Her heart fluttered at the thought of him having some friends over, and mother making her "play" with them as she had made Jeff play with her friends.

As they finished putting away the last few glasses, Mrs. Anderson asked, "Jeff, are you still planning on going out with your friends tonight?"

He had indeed been planning on going out. "No, no, I think I'll stay home this evening, with the family." Somehow it seemed that spending some quality time with his family was preferable to just some evening carousing about town with his friends, accomplishing little, doing really nothing, except perhaps getting into some sort of trouble.

"That's wonderful, Jeffrey," Mrs. Anderson responded, "I'm so glad!" It was really so striking how The Program was bringing the family together.

"Yes, well, Mary, I just got a new Kristin Chenoweth CD. You want to listen to it with me?" He really hadn't. He just knew Mary liked Chenoweth, perhaps for obvious reasons.

"Oh, that sounds wonderful," Mrs. Anderson said, "You really like Kristin Chenoweth, don't you, Mary."

"Yea, um...I suppose so," Mary replied in a rather indifferent, uncommitted manner. Mary knew that she had no real choice, and that it would be inevitable at some point in the evening for Jeff to extract revenge for what she and her friends had done to him. She was at least glad he was not suggesting that he invite some of his friends over for the evening.

She need not have worried about that though as Jeff had no intention of sharing his sister with his friends. He wasn't that kind of guy. He was much too respectful of his younger sister to do something like that.

This was precisely the sibling bonding that Mr. and Mrs. Anderson had been hoping for, although they would have preferred that their kids retire to discuss a scholarly text. It had been routine within the Anderson family when Mary and Jeff were younger for Alex and Donna to spend at least one evening in family reading. They would select something from the classics in literature or even something scholarly, like a biography or an historical text. Well, apparently all that effort had not paid off. Still, it was nice to see them wanting to spend time together. "Well, you kids can just run off. Father and I will finish up here."

Jeff had an impulse to put his arm around Mary's naked shoulder, in an endearing brotherly fashion, as they strolled to his room, but his better judgment restrained him. He did attempt to walk behind her, wanting to again admire the sight of that little taut tush. There is really something quite wonderful about how a woman's derriere sways and swings as she walks. It's almost as if it, she, is being intentionally flirtatious, trying to draw your eye's to her, and to her sexual anatomy in particular, by literally waving and wagging it before your eyes. Perhaps it's something left over from hunter-gatherer ancestry, an ingrained, instinctual way of trying to attract males within the pack, the tribe, the herd.

But, Mary would have none of that and she pushed Jeff out in front of her.

They didn't say much on their way to his room. Mary picked up her purse from the hall table. She didn't normally carry her purse around with her through the house, but she just felt such a strong need to have some article of clothing, even if it was just an accessory.

Jeff wondered if the purse would be a violation, but he didn't think so, as long as she didn't use it to hide herself. And, besides, the incongruity of her carrying her purse butt naked was rather cute.

He tried chatting about the new CD, but Mary didn't respond. She was wondering, worrying, about what might happen when she got to her brother's bedroom.

When they arrived he put in one of Chenoweth's older CDs.

"Hey, that's not the new one," Mary complained.

"Yea, yea, I know," he confessed. "That was just a ruse to get you up here."

Mary could feel her heart accelerating and her blood rising. "Yes, well, what is it that you want," as if she didn't know.

"Oh, I think you know. You girls had your fun with me the other day, and so I think it's now my turn to return the favor."

Mary folded her arms and glared at him, her purse dangling in front of her tummy, not appreciating perhaps that her folded arms served to lift and elevate her boobs, as if she was trying to intentionally show them off to him. "It seems to me that you had a good deal of fun yourself."

"Yea, I s'pose and, well, maybe you'll also have fun."

"Somehow I kind of doubt that," she confidently and defiantly responded.

"Well, that's neither here nor there. You know the rules of The Program. You have to pose for me, in any way I want."

She knew the rules, and he was right. "Let's just get on with it."

"Okay," he said, a big grin on his face. He felt like he was in a candy store for the very first time and really didn't know what to ask for first. "Let's see, well."

"C'mon, get on with it!" Mary demanded impatiently.

"Okay, okay, don't rush me. This is important. Let's see...." He studied her body, contemplating what he would have her do first. The fact that she was so impatient with the amount of time he was taking made him want to delay further. But, how long do you resist really good candy? "Okay, yes, first I want you to cup your hands beneath your breasts, like you're holding them up for me." He demonstrated for her, on himself, if perchance she didn't understand precisely what he meant.

"You're such a geek," Mary complained, but she did do it. She unfolding her arms, set her purse down on the floor, and cupped each breast in her hands, holding them up for Jeff, as if she was purposely displaying them for him.

He liked it. Jeff smiled appreciatively. She didn't really need to hold them up. They stood up so very well by themselves. But the pose wasn't so much about necessity as it was simply the presentation, the vision of his younger sister presenting her lovely little boobies to him. "Squeeze them together," he said, demonstrating again with his own hands on his imaginary breasts.

Mary rolled her eyes but did so, pushing her breasts together a bit to give her a greater sense of alluring cleavage, a tight, narrow, soft valley of flesh pillows between which he might want to drive his cock in and out.

"And," he added, "flick your nipples with your thumbs, get them all stiff and perky."

This was really rather embarrassing, but she knew she didn't have any choice. Complaining to her parents, even to her mother, wouldn't do any good. This was all within the rules of The Program. Plus, it still wasn't as much as she and her friends had made him do. It wasn't like he was telling her to masturbate in front of him. She adjusted her hands so that she could flick her nipples with her thumbs while still holding them up and squeezing them together. He nipples did indeed stiffen and poke out.

"Yes," Jeff observed, smiling broadly, as his was cock further stiffening as well. He reached down to adjust himself.

"Hey, cut that out," Mary complained. It seemed a little rude and disrespectful to play with his cock while she was naked in front of him.

"You saw me do a lot more than that the other day," ignoring her complaint for the sake of better positioning his erection within his slacks.

"Yea, well, that was when you were the participant. You're not supposed to do anything to yourself now."

She might be right about that. He wasn't as familiar with the rules as his sister, The Program being at Abberville rather than Templeton. Well, he was done anyway, having found more comfortable lodging within his boxers and slacks for his stiffened dick. It was time to move on to something else. "Okay, next, get down on your knees, in front of me."

Mary let go of her breasts to get into the position.

"No, no," he admonished her, "keeping showing them off."

She sighed deeply, inadvertently causing her breasts to fill and rise up. She grasped hold of them again.

"Actually," he said, "hold the left one but put the thumb of your right hand in your mouth, like you're all innocent and sweet and everything, and look real coy and shy at me."

Mary had for the most part just been scowling. Giving him a really seductive, flirtatious and coy expression wasn't too easy, but she did it, looking up into his eyes like a sweet little darling, sucking self-consciously on her thumb, while she kneels naked before him. The only advantage to this pose, for her, was that her thighs were now closed. He couldn't see her slit anymore.

'Yea, this was good,' Jeff thought. He sorely wished he could take a picture, but he knew that was a clear violation. Plus, digital photos like this often wind up on the internet, and he really wouldn't want that to happen to Mary. He wouldn't do it himself, but all he would have to do was to loan his cell phone to someone and they might discover the picture buried within a file. But, it really was a wonderful Kodak moment.

"Okay," he said, a bit breathlessly, "clasp your hands behind your head and spread open your knees, your thighs."

Well, so much for being able to hide herself.

Jeff so much wanted to grab hold of his cock now. This was a traditionally submissive pose. Clasping the hands behind one's head also raised up and presented the breasts more fully, plus doing so in a manner that expressed their open availability, that her hands were held back and would not attempt to interfere with any potential interest in touching them, fondling them, squeezing and pawing them, and Jeff certainly had considerable interest in doing that. Plus, her thighs were spread open now as well, revealing, displaying, her cunt in manner that was comparable in revelation and implication. In fact, with her thighs wide open, so was Mary's slit. It was no longer this innocent, simple, nondescript crack. One could now see moist inner lips, the fleshier, wet inner lips of Mary's cunt.

The implication and meaning of the position was apparent to Mary, and she could feel her heart beating. Nor did it help that her brother was standing before her with a very apparent erection in his pants. It was really only just inches from her eyes and he wasn't doing anything to hide or conceal it. Well, perhaps one consolation was that it was at least still in his pants.

"That's really, really very nice," Jeff observed, speaking rather softly, feeling a little humbled and even dumbstruck by the sight of his younger sister so submissively posed and presented. Frankly, any girl presenting herself this way would be quite erotic, particularly a girl as pretty and appealing as Mary and, more to the point, this was Mary. He would admit, as perhaps any normal, healthy young man would, of having occasional fantasies about his younger sister, and now she was kneeling before him, seeming to be submitting to his wants, his interests, his lust. He would not be able to last much longer without touching, handling, his cock.

Mary had never felt more openly exposed. Yet, strangely, she could also feel herself responding to it. She was no longer diddling her nipples but they were still sticking out stiff and perky. They did like showing off. Yes, it was her brother's cock that was bulging out his pants, but that was the cock that Sara and Patsy had enjoyed so much the other day, the cock that Sara had kept suggesting that she touch and fondle as well. She had not done so, but she certainly had thought about it. She could feel her thighs getting warm, her cunnie getting moist. Much as she would hate to admit it, she was becoming aroused. She sorely hoped that her brother would not notice.

"Okay, well," Jeff said. "Now get down on your elbows as well."

Mary followed his instruction, wondering how much longer this was going to go on. Perhaps her only real hope was that he would get so aroused, so horny, that he would excuse her so that he could take care of himself. As he stepped back to give her more room she got down on her hands and elbows, raising up her bottom, not even waiting for this instruction as it was rather obvious that it would be coming.

This was another rather obscene position and an even more openly lascivious one, as she was presenting her butt and cunnie up in the air, sticking them up as if she wanted her master, her brother, to take her like an animal in heat.

The warmth, heat, and moisture within her loins continued to rise. There is something about posing for a guy that is fun for most any girl. Many girls do like to feel pretty and sexy. Mary, Sara, Gloria, and Patsy had criticized and admonished those girls who were cheerleaders, dancing and prancing for guys. She would never do that herself, she would say. She and her friends would even make fun of them, commenting on how stupid and dumb they must be. Yet, she knew she would enjoy being a cheerleader, having guys admire her, desire her.

This was, of course, her brother she was posing for. It was not a boyfriend. She hadn't in fact ever done anything like this even for a boyfriend. She would at times sort of pose, pausing as she undressed before him, letting him briefly admire her beauty, her prettiness, her sexiness as she slowly removed her clothes. But, she had never explicitly posed in various erotic, sexy, or obscene positions. Well, actually, that wasn't true, she had been in this position a number of times before, her bottom upraised for her man to take her from behind. It's just that she hadn't simply done this as a form of foreplay, as if she was being a sexy model for him. She could now appreciate its value, its fun, its naughtiness. She felt an impulse to wag her bottom at her brother, but she suppressed it. She wasn't so sure that she wanted him to know that she was in fact beginning to enjoy this, at least somewhat.

Jeff at first just admired the view from his current perspective, standing in front of Mary. She looked like a submissive slave, supplicating herself before him, bowing down her head and raising up her bottom. He was the master, the king, the sultan with his harem slave. This might not be what his parents meant by playing with his sister, but it was pretty darned fun.

Plus, his current vantage point had its own unique pleasures. The view from behind a girl when she is on elbows and knees is the preferred perspective, for rather obvious reasons, but the view from the front has its own special appeal. One gets to see her face, smiling at you as she is presenting herself, bottom up. Of course, Mary wasn't smiling, but she was also no longer scowling. She just seemed to have this expectant, agitated expression, which Jeff couldn't entirely or clearly interpret.

And, the sight of her bottom rising up behind her face is really quite fetching. It looked rather gloriously impressive from this angle, as her smooth, white back provided a long, rising ascent to the two proudly standing twin hillocks, split down the middle by the sharply shiny smoothly dipping crevice.

He did not, however, tarry long. The invitation that Mary's upraised bottom was providing was just too difficult to resist. He strolled around to obtain the more traditional understanding and appreciation of the female form.

He instantly reached for his stiff dick once he arrived, as the vision was spectacular. There before his eyes was the risen and open moon of his younger sister. She had such a wonderfully petite and perky fanny that was now so stretched, so full, and so round. Plus, the crack was even split open enough that he could see down into her very private and personal valley, where her little red rosebud was carefully tucked away, yet now clearly open for inspection. And, of course, beneath that was the even more wondrously appealing lily white mound, poking out from between her equally white thighs like a soft fleshy pie. He felt he could even detect some moisture on his sister's slit.

"Spread your legs out a bit," he quietly instructed.

Feelings of embarrassment and shame again emerged and Mary covered her face with her hands, but did as she was told. It was bad enough that he was able to see so much, that she was presenting herself to him like this, like a doe in heat for her buck, but she could no longer see his face, see what he was doing, and she knew that he was probably seeing and doing quite a bit. Actually, perhaps it was best she didn't know.

Jeff was indeed feeling and stroking his cock through his slacks as he stepped in between Mary's legs to get a closer look. He seriously contemplated removing his cock from his slacks to jerk off behind her. She wouldn't be able to see him do it. He could instruct her not to look back, and wouldn't it be a nice surprise for her to suddenly feel his warm, wet cum raining down upon her bottom?

But, he didn't want to take this too far. He didn't want to take advantage of his sister, or anything like that. And, of course, he could perhaps get into trouble for that. It would probably be a violation of The Program rules and his parents might get upset about that.

But, as he bent over to look more closely at Mary's wrinkled brown butt hole and her young, moist feminine crevice, it was just so very, very tempting. He felt he could even detect an aroma of her arousal, her girlish scent, drifting up into his nostrils.

Well, he could do at least one thing more. "Okay, okay," he said, as he stood back up straight, "One last thing, Mary. I want you to get up onto the bed, lie down, and diddle yourself for me."

Mary removed her hands from her face and looked back at him in shock. "What?!"

Jeff removed his hand from his cock, albeit too late for Mary not to see what he had been doing. "You heard me. I want you to lie down on the bed and diddle yourself. I won't touch you. I'll just sit at the end of the bed and watch."

"You must be joking."

"Oh no, no, I don't think I'm doing that."

"There's no way."

"Hey, you made me do it, and I even had to do it in front of your friends."

Well, that was actually a very good point. Apparently what goes around comes around, and Mary knew that when she got her next chance with Jeff she would seek something even better from him. She slowly got up from the floor and crawled onto the bed, Jeff's eyes watching every move very closely, following every curve, every wiggle, every revealingly flirtatious pose and peek.

Mary laid back on the bed as Jeff had done the other day, her head on a pillow.

Jeff got onto the bed as well, but sat at the foot, cross-legged. It was probably the best seat in the house for the show that was about to begin.

Mary couldn't believe that she was actually going to do this, masturbate in front of her brother. "You're not going to tell any of your friends about this," she appealed.

Jeff smiled at her, through her parted legs, her pussy deliciously split open. "I won't. I promise."

"You better not," she warned, although not entirely sure she had anything to threaten him with.

"We're kind of both in the same boat, you know," he reminded her.

That was a good point. He would most certainly be just about as embarrassed as her if she told his friends some of what she saw the other night. She closed her eyes and tried to forget the fact that he was sitting right in front of her. But, first, she opened them long enough to add, "I don't call it diddling, you know." She wanted to make sure he at least knew that. She called it "tweaking," but if you asked her why she wouldn't be able to provide an explanation. She wasn't about to tell Jeff her word for it anyway. She closed her eyes again.

Jeff didn't respond. It didn't seem to really matter what precisely she called it. His heart rate accelerated as he watched her bring her hand down to her pussy to softly press her fingers against her clit, and then slowly slid them up and down.

As a boy he had tried a few times to peek into Mary's room. He had also considered hiding in her closet, and even considered getting into a crawl space above her room and drilling a small hole through her ceiling. None of these plans though were at all feasible and he abandoned them with some frustration. Well, no need to surreptitiously peek any longer, as Mary was providing him a front row seat. Jeff took hold of his cock through his slacks and gave himself a squeeze as the show began.

Mary thought that this was so darned weird, spreading open her thighs so that her brother could watch her tweak herself, and perhaps even weirder that she was in fact complying. But, she did really have to do it, she felt, and the sooner she got it over with, the better. She reached for her breast with her left hand, softly caressing and squeezing it, while she caressed and fondled her cleft with the fingers of her right.

Jeff sat mesmerized at the sight of Mary sliding her fingers gently up and down her slit, stopping each time at the top to softly massage her clit in little circular motions. He wondered if all girls masturbated like his sister was doing. But, how would you know? It's not like anyone had ever studied this, have they? Certainly guys didn't all masturbate the same way, did they?

It was an awkward start for Mary. She just couldn't get it out of her mind that her older brother was watching her, and more like ogling with a big hard erection. It did help that she had already become somewhat aroused, a bit moist, at her exhibitionistic posing. It was simply a matter of trying to block out from her mind that he was there, to think of something else, to think of being alone or in front of someone else and just give in to the feelings of her fingers sliding up and down her slit, her other hand softly fondling and squeezing her breast, caressing and pinching her nipple.

Jeff could see that Mary was gradually building up moisture within the crease of her slit, and then using it to lubricate her clit, to help her fingers massage and stimulate her stiff button, slowing building up the speed and pressure with which she massaged it, worked it, each time going back down her slit to gather more moisture.

Her breathing was also in concert with the slowly progressing speed and rising moisture, the rising and falling of her breasts gradually accelerating, the ratio of squeezing to caressing her breasts building, with even occasional pinching and tweaking of her nipple.

Mary's hips even began to squirm a bit, her pelvis instinctively shifting and lurching as her fingering became more earnest, more rapid. With time she spent more and more time at her clit, rubbing and grinding her fingers against her clit in more rapid and frenetic motions, and when returning downward along her slit even spending some time sliding a finger up into her cunt, pushing a finger, eventually even two, into her cunt, gasping and sighing as she did so.

Mary had not forgotten that Jeff was there. In fact, on the contrary, the longer and longer she did this the more erotic it became that her brother was there. Perhaps it was simply because she was tweaking herself, but eventually she lost track whether it was the chicken or the egg, whether she was finding the fact that she was being so closely watched by her brother as she tweaked herself making her excited, or whether it was because she was so aroused that she was now enjoying that she was being so closely watched by her brother. Frankly, it was probably a bit of both, or at least the facts that she was masturbating and that she was being so closely watched by Jeff were interacting with one another, feeding off one another, synergistically driving her to a higher and higher level of excitement.

She began to softly whimper and moan. Now she would probably be willing to do just about anything, and even with him, or perhaps especially with Jeff. Her sighing, her moaning became louder and louder with her rising lust and passion.

"Mmmmm," she groaned, as she ground her fingers around and around on her clit, then suddenly rapidly flickering her clit like she was trying to start a fire. "Ooooooh," she whimpered as she pinched her nipple hard.

She peeked out through partially opened eyes at her brother, who was staring at her, mesmerized by the sight, his hand openly stroking his hard cock through his slacks. She left her clit to drive three fingers up into her cunt, making a sloppy slurping noise as she forcefully shoved her fingers up inside, thrusting her cunt up in the air to meet her fingers driving down.

She opened her eyes all the way. "Take it out," she gasped, as she withdrew her fingers, soaked with her fluids, and returned them to her swollen and yearning clit.

"What?"

"Take it out, Jeffy," she repeated. She used to call him Jeffy when she was much younger, when she adored him as her older brother. "Let me see it," she quietly added.

She didn't have to ask a third time. He quickly unzipped his pants, reached in, and extracted his stiff cock, this time quite happily and proudly displaying it for his younger sister.

Mary smiled and again screwed three fingers up into her cunt. "It is really big, Jeffy" she said, now openly acknowledging what her friends had observed the other day.

"Thanks," Jeff quietly replied, squeezing his shaft with his thumb and fingers as he had previously demonstrated was his preference, sliding his foreskin on and off the swollen, shiny, moist purple bulb. "You're so fucking hot, Mary," he added.

It wasn't the sweetest compliment she had gotten from her brother but she still blushed anyway. She spread her legs out even farther, opening her cunt up even further. "Get up closer," she suggested, "in between."

Jeff got up onto his knees and moved up closer to her, up to her hot quivering cunt, continuing to stroke his cock, aiming it toward her, toward it. He kneeled above her, his cock just short of her throbbing cunt.

"Oh Jeff," Mary gasped. "Use your fist on it. I want to see you do it with your fist."

It wasn't the usual way he jerked off, but he could manage the compromise. Her sister wasn't asking an awful lot of him. He gripped the shaft fully within his fist, wrapping all of his fingers and thumb around it, and then rapidly pumped his cock like he was trying to extract white liquid gold.

"That's it, that's it," Mary sighed, so much enjoying the sight of her brother so obscenely jerking himself off for her, as she tweaked herself for him. "Do you? Do you?" she asked, "Do you like how I'm diddling myself?"

It was a nice gesture on her part to call it that, for him. And, frankly, she could diddle herself in any way she wanted and he would still like it, and like it a lot.

She took her left hand away from her heaving breast to bring its fingers to her clit, so she could have one set of fingers devoted to frenetically, furiously working, rubbing, massaging, and grinding her clit, while the other fingers, now three of them, were driving in and out of her intensely heated, swollen, and sloppy cunt.

Beyond their mutual gasping and groaning the room was also filled with the noises made by the wet friction of fingers on cock and in cunt, slurping and slushing sounds that were really quite obscene, but neither brother nor sister was at the moment self-conscious about them. They were both so intensely on fire that the noises they were making were only further stoking their flames.

"Oh yea, Mary, yea, I'm, I'm, I'm going to..." He hesitated to say it, but he couldn't hesitate for long. "Cum."

"Oh yes, yes, me too," she gasped. "Oh shit, Jeffy," Mary exclaimed, suddenly feeling herself overtaken by her orgasm. She thrust up her pelvis as if she wanted her brother to drive his cock down inside.

Jeff would have been more than receptive to such a suggestion but he was himself swept away by his own climax and so if that was the intention, the meaning, of her inviting gesture it was a moment too late. Jeff bent forward, grasped more tightly on his cock, and felt it twitch and jolt within his hand as a glob of cum squeezed through and shot forth, sailing well up Mary's body to land on that boob that moments ago she had been squeezing and pinching.

"Oh my!" Mary exclaimed when she saw and felt the wet wad of cum splat against her breast. She gasped with pleasure and her breasts panted and heaved with desire as she felt the inside of her body coursing with the tides of her orgasm and the outside of her body pelted with the rain of her brother's splattering, spraying sperm.

The sight, and feel, were of no less pleasure to Jeff. He had cum on a girl's body before. Heck, just recently he squirted a little bit on Sara's face. But, there was truly something special about unloading your stuff onto your younger sister's body. That was certainly a unique experience, and a truly delightful one.

He would have liked to have gotten it onto her face, but he was concerned that she might not appreciate that. And, besides, Mary seemed to be asking him to squirt it onto her cunt, the way she was thrusting her quivering pussy up at him. He had at least got one splat onto her breast, and he willingly, comfortably settled for the remaining spurts to hit her tummy and cunnie. Mary's fingers were still pinching, squeezing, and plunging her cunt as Jeff aimed his blasting dick there, so a good portion of his gism landed on her fingers, but he still got a pretty good amount on target.

Mary withdrew her fingers and fell back against the bed as the last few splats of cum hit her cunnie, the warm wet rain helping to douse the quivering, trembling heat of her cunt. She felt so good, so satisfied, so wonderful. Maybe her brother isn't such a dork after all.

A girl is perhaps her prettiest, or at least her sexiest, when her body is splattered with cum, and that was certainly true for Mary. Jeff smiled as he looked down upon his sister, his tired dick beginning to slacken in his hand. "Thanks, Mary," he quietly said.

"That was pretty cool."

She looked up at him, her face red with exhaustion and bliss. She smiled sweetly at him and responded, "Thank you."

She knew that she probably looked like quite a mess. She brought the fingers of her left hand up to her face to inspect the damage. There was sticky, sloppy cum adhering to and dripping down her fingers, hanging in between them like thick strands of a spider's web. She brought her fingers to her mouth to clean them off.

Mary had tasted her brother's cum the last time, when he squirted all over the Oreo cookies. But, she hadn't taken a cookie with a very large amount, and she had in fact subsequently denied that it contained any of her brother's icing. This time was different. This time she smiled lovingly up at her brother as she tasted his manliness, and smiled fondly at his tangy flavor and fruity aroma.

"Mary!"

"Daddy?" Their father was calling out for her from the bottom of the stairs.

Mary and Jeff both looked shocked and frightened. Mary was eighteen. Jeff was twenty. They were no longer children. They could do what they wanted, and perhaps what they had just done would be entirely fine with their father, but perhaps not. It certainly wasn't his explicit suggestion for them to masturbate in front of each other, and most parents would probably raise some concerns about this. They felt like two kids getting caught playing doctor or something.

Jeff quickly leaped off the bed, as did Mary right after him, grabbing one of the blankets to clean herself off. "Just a minute, daddy!" she yelled to her father.

"Your favorite show, Charmed, is on, honey. You want to come down and watch?"

She never did miss an episode of Charmed and if she did so now her father would be terribly, terribly suspicious. "Coming daddy!"

She and Jeff smiled at each other at that response. Jeff felt that he should probably help clean off his sister. If it had been a girlfriend he would certainly have done so. But, now that he had cum, the doubts and insecurities leaked back into his mind. Was it wrong to help clean cum off your sister? Certainly if it was your own cum it wouldn't be, or shouldn't be, but then perhaps he really shouldn't have squirted it there in the first place.

When Mary felt she was all cleaned off she grabbed her purse and turned to leave, but Jeff stopped her.

"Wait," he said and, with some ambivalence and awkwardness, wiped a glob that was hanging off the bottom of her left tit. She hadn't seen that one.

Mary found it a bit awkward for Jeff to be touching her there, wiping off some cum from there. But, it was obviously quite helpful, and considerate. She gave him a little peck on the cheek in appreciation and dashed from the room.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Mr. Anderson felt it was good that his daughter and son were apparently bonding together. He had to admit that The Program was really quite impressive in how it was bringing the family closer together. There was simply no way her daughter would have spent that much time in her brother's room last week, and she certainly would have been out well in time to watch Charmed. But, Mr. Anderson did want to spend some quality time himself with his daughter. He didn't want her to spend it entirely with her brother.

As Mary scampered down the stairs toward her father her titties were wiggling, bobbling, and jiggling in so many different ways and directions. Running down the stairs will do that to a girl's titties, and especially so when she is naked.

As her father watched her daughter's boobies so vigorously dancing he was reminded of another reason he wanted to spend some time with her, but then looked away, feeling a bit guilty about that.

As they proceeded down the hallway to the family room Mr. Anderson felt increasingly awkward. He would sometimes put his arm around his daughter's shoulders and he felt a very strong impulse to do so now, but also realized that this might just make her feel awkward, being herself naked. Frankly, he really hadn't been putting his arm around the shoulders of his daughter for sometime now, and perhaps the only reason that this desire had returned was the fact that she was naked. He looked forward to getting to the family room and ending this rather uncomfortable moment.

Mary wondered if her father could detect the aroma of Jeff's cum. She felt that she had cleaned herself off pretty darned good, but the effort had been rushed and Jeff had detected a missed spot just before she left. Perhaps there were others? Plus, you probably do need to take a shower or something to really be certain. She reached into her purse for her compact mirror. She did at least want to fix up her hair as best she could. Imagine if there was a splat of cum there! There didn't appear to be, as best she could see, but it was a bit tousled. She did her best to straighten it up. She even dabbed her face with some make-up powder, as she did look a bit flushed. She then had an inspiration. She reached into her purse for her perfume and gave herself a little spritz. That would effectively hide any aroma of boy.

As they arrived at the family room Mr. Anderson noticed her daughter giving herself a brief spray of perfume. That was odd. Very pleasant, though. There is really nothing more pleasant to the nose than fresh perfume. But, he normally would only notice her doing that right before she left on date. Certainly not right before watching television with him. It was difficult to ignore the implications of such a gesture, particularly when she's naked. He could feel his cock swelling in his pants as his nostrils breathed in deeply her lovely scent. He did though keep his eyes averted from her wiggling boobs as they entered the family room.

Mary asked, "Where's mother?" It should not have been surprising that she wasn't there. Mrs. Anderson didn't really like Charmed. She was probably in her sewing room, darning socks or something. Her mother was so old-fashioned.

"Mother's in her sewing room, darning some socks, I suppose," her father replied.

Mary took her usual seat on the couch, facing the television. Father's usual seat was a nice, big easy chair, a bit askew to the television, allowing him to view it, if he wished, plus an angle somewhat toward the couch, facilitating any conversation he might want to have with the kids, which they rarely entertained though when they were watching television. The angle was now particularly beneficial, as it allowed him to easily see, and enjoy, his daughter's naked body while pretending to watch television.

They did so for awhile; that is, pretend to be watching television. Mr. Anderson was struck by how his daughter's ripe young body seemed to glow in the light cast off from the TV. It was like she was on a movie screen herself, her body being splashed and dazzled with various lighting effects. He crossed his legs and surreptitiously adjusted his erection into a more comfortable position.

Mary also wasn't paying that much attention to the show. She had already seen this episode. Plus, she could feel her father's eyes scanning and ogling her body. It wasn't hard to notice. Don't guys realize that it's really quite easy to tell where they're looking? Growing up she had noticed her father noticing the growth of her breasts. That had been uncomfortable enough. It was tenfold more awkward with them being entirely naked and exposed.

She wanted so much to cover them up. It was like when you are worried about having an itch because you know you won't be able to scratch it, but then because you are worried about it you do get an itch and it's like ten times worse than normal, and keeps getting worse because your mind is so focused on it while desperately trying to ignore it. Well, her titties felt that way. They just seemed to be itching and tingling under the glow of the light from the television, and the lustful eyes of her father.

The silence in the room was really quite deafening, at least their silence. She had to break this awkward spell. "You know, daddy, I think Susie has fake tits."

Well, that did not reduce her father's self-consciousness. He quickly looked away, concentrating on the TV, but then noticing there as well the perky boobs of the show's character, Phoebe. Phoebe did really have awfully nice tits.

"Daddy?" Mary prompted him again. She knew that he knew that Susie had fake boobs. He had to know. Susie was another one of her friends and everyone had noticed that her breasts just suddenly became bigger, and Mary had noticed as well her father checking them out.

Mr. Anderson wasn't too sure what to say. Susie's breasts were rather nice to look at, but you hardly wanted to admit that to your daughter. Yet, he was quite uncomfortable lying to his daughter. "Susie is a very pretty girl," he admitted.

"You like her boobs, don't you, daddy," Mary teased. She would not normally tease her father this way, but she recalled how earlier, at least for a moment, she had managed to place her father on the defensive.

Mr. Anderson's face went red. He did indeed like them, but his daughter had not let him finish his thought. "Mary, the beauty of a woman is far deeper than the size of her breasts."

Mary scowled. That was such a cliche for a father to say. But, what do you say in response? "They don't have to be a lot bigger, daddy," speaking in reference to her own interest in getting a breast enlargement.

Alex was really finding this conversation to be quite uncomfortable. It would be uncomfortable even if his daughter's boobs were not exposed. It was certainly far worse when the focus of the conversation was pointing right at him, in all their jiggly, perky glory. "Mary," he said in his most stern and authoritative voice. "I am not going to speak about this further. There will be no more discussion. If you bring it up again.." He stopped. He wasn't too sure what his threat should be.

"What, daddy?" Mary asked, pushing forth despite his threat. It was clear to her that she, once again, had him on the defensive. One would think that being naked with an older man would put you on the defensive, but apparently not when it's your father. She suggested, softly, "Will you....spank me?"

Mr. Anderson felt his erect cock lurch in his slacks. He hadn't spanked Mary for many, many years. Doing so at her age now would be quite inappropriate, and especially so on the bare bum. Yet, the thought was really quite enticing, imagining that perky little tush bouncing and wiggling on his lap.

Mary could see that her father's willpower was weakening, his defenses crumbling. It was time to press her advantage. "Daddy," she said, getting up from the couch and strolling over to him. "I'm cold."

"What?" He briefly turned to look at her.

"Look daddy, I have goose pimples all over me, even on my boobies."

Standing next to his chair his daughter's shaved feminine crevice was pretty much at eye level, and only inches away. He was reminded of how pretty and fetching it was: so sweet, so adorable, such an innocent, delicate cleft.

But, he did tear his eyes away, becoming rather self-conscious at being caught ogling his daughter's feminine sit. And, when his eyes reached her boobies, he could see that she did indeed have goose bumps, comparable to the sweat forming on his brow. He thought they looked kind of cute, like she had freckles or something but, as her father, he was sympathetic to her plight. He wouldn't want her to catch a chill. But, according to The Program she was not allowed to curl up in a blanket, something she did often do while watching television. The family room was a bit drafty. "Um, yes, well, I could turn the heat up." Frankly, he really should have done that already.

"Oh no, daddy, don't do that," Mary implored. "It will be too warm for mother, and Jeffrey."

That was a fair point.

"Here," she said, crawling into his lap, "let me snuggle up here with you."

"Oh, geeez, I don't know," Mr. Anderson protested, but rather feebly so.

And, in any case, Mary wasn't giving him any opportunity to object as she simply got right into his lap, her knees drawn up, her head nestled into his chest. She slipped her right arm behind him to squeeze herself in close.

"That's much better," she said, and sighed deeply with satisfaction, her breasts momentarily rising up so very full, as if she had pumped them up with air, which she had in fact done.

As a young girl Mary had many times cuddled with her father like this. It was another expression of affection that had gone by the wayside, for obvious reasons, and a reason that was sorely magnified with her now being butt naked. But, Mr. Anderson could hardly deny Mary this relief from the cold, drafty family room. She was his daughter, after all. And, what message would you be giving your daughter if you literally pushed her off your lap? He did not, though, embrace her as he normally would have done. That just didn't seem right, and so he kept his hands, his arms, away from her, hanging them awkwardly over the sides of his chair.

It did look a bit funny. He was reminded of the time he visited the Reeds and their pet cat jumped into his lap. He really didn't like cats and was a bit allergic to them. But, he didn't want to offend his neighbors by shoving the cat off. So he tried to literally keep at arms length of the cat as it was curling up for a nap in his lap.

Mary could not fully snuggle as well as she did when she was much younger, but she was still a very petite girl. She did manage to get her toes in between his legs, close to his knees. That was always nice for keeping them warm. "Isn't this nice, daddy?"

"Uh, yes," he said, glancing back over to his left at the entrance to the hallway, wondering what Donna would say if she came in, and so much hoping that she wouldn't. He was reminded of why it was probably not appropriate to have Mary snuggle in his lap like she used to. His cock was rock hard. Fortunately it was poking off to the right and she was not making direct contact with it.

"Daddy," Mary asked softly, her eyes on her father's erection as she spoke quietly, "wouldn't you want my bubbies to be as big as mummy's?" It seemed a bit odd, a bit disconcerting, to say the least, to be seeing her father's hard-on, but it was the reaction that she had been hoping for. It was the reaction she needed to get what she wanted.

Mr. Anderson sighed deeply. He was sorely tempted to give that cute little white bottom of Mary's a big slap, for a couple of reasons. She not only deserved it, but it would also be a nice excuse for touching it. He gazed longingly at her curved bum. It did look so soft, so round, so white and delicious. He could detect that some goose bumps were now forming there as well.

Mary did not let up. "Don't you like mummy's breasts, daddy?" She wondered if she should put her hand on her father's erection. That might help convince him, but it would probably send her right off his lap. Still, it looked like her daddy had a pretty big one.

He finally responded. "Your mother has very wonderful breasts, Mary, but they are not the only reason that I love your mother." Somehow that didn't sound quite right.

"Do you think Phoebe has fake tits?" She was referring to the character on the TV show, Charmed.

Mr. Anderson wasn't entirely sure which one his daughter was referring to. All the actresses on this show had really nice breasts and they were so often rather nicely, prominently displayed. None though were appreciably large. He really missed Baywatch. Mary used to watch that with him too. Pamela Anderson had really, really nice breasts. "Um, well, I don't know. I don't think so, really."

"You know who that is, don't you daddy?"

"What?"

"It's Alyssa Milano."

"Um, and, well, who is that?" he asked, feeling his hands getting a little cold as they hung down on either side of his chair.

"Geeeez, daddy, don't you know anything? She played Samantha in Who's the Boss. You always liked her in that."

'Oh my gosh,' he realized. Mary was right. It was Samantha, or Alyssa, now all grown up. He had always found her to be real cute on that show, and now she was a full grown woman. Actually, really quite fully grown as she was now sporting quite prominently displayed breasts. His dick twitched in his slacks as he contemplated the fully breasted Samantha while his own naked daughter, also grown up (although not so much grown out) cuddled in his lap.

Mary knew that she wasn't going to get new breasts. It just wasn't going to happen. But, prior experience had told her that if she is failing to get what she really wanted then at least try for something else less expensive. Whatever guilt or ambivalence her father will have in not providing the present she wanted, will make it very difficult for him to deny her at least something. She turned to look up at him plaintively, "Well, if I can't have new breasts can't I least have something?"

Mr. Anderson furrowed his brow. What was the logic to that? But, he didn't want to deny her virtually anything she wanted, and he did feel bad about not letting her get implants. He wondered if perhaps he should in fact give in. She might otherwise just turn to some hack surgeon that she could afford on her own. "What would you like?"

Mary cuddled into his chest and answered, "Well, a new car would be nice."

Mr. Anderson had to chuckle over that. "Yea, right, a new car. My gosh, wouldn't that cost more than a breast enlargement?"

"I'll get the boobies instead, if you would prefer."

"No, no, that's fine," he replied, his annoyance apparent in his voice. But, did he just agree to buy her a car? "And you don't need a new car anyway."

"You got Jeff a car when he was eighteen."

"It wasn't a new car, and he needed it for his job."

Mary was meeting with considerable resistance. She had always been quite successful as a young girl getting things from her father. Just looking up at him with her puppy dog eyes would often be enough. It was time to take this a step further. "Oh daddy, my bottom is so cold." She picked her head up off his chest and looked back over her shoulder at it. "See? It's all goose bumply."

It was indeed. He could definitely see that. This room was indeed drafty, as his own hands would now attest.

She reached back with her left hand, took hold of his arm, and brought it to her. "You need to hold onto me, daddy, and snuggle. Don't be so mean."

"Well, I'm not so sure that your mother."

"Here, daddy," Mary cut him off. "Feel how cold my bottom is." She got hold of his hand and brought it right to her derriere, which was indeed chilled, as well as very soft, curved, and perky.

He hadn't felt such a youthfully tight tush in years. This seemed so terribly wrong but his cock was so terribly delighted at the touch, as was his hand. "Mary, I really don't know."

"Daddy, your hand is chilly too. Rub it around and warm up my bottom, won't you please, daddy?" To help him get started she squirmed her bottom around and against his hand.

Well, her fanny was clearly uncomfortably chilly. Mr. Anderson circled his hand around and around his daughter's naked bum, rubbing out the chill, as well as exploring and caressing every delightful inch, every soft curve. He had the wicked thought of how nice it would be if he could combine is wife's breasts with his daughter's derriere. But, he quickly felt very guilty about having such a perverse thought.

Mary's father was doing a pretty good job warming her bottom, as well as between her thighs. She now looked upon his erection with additional interest, additional curiosity. She softly purred, "Mmmmmm, that feels so good, daddy," as she nestled her face into his chest.

"Yes, well," he awkwardly replied, "my hand was also feeling a little chilly as well."

Mary raised her head from her father's chest, looked up at him, and said,"Oh yes, my goodness, daddy. Here," opening up her thighs a crack, "you can put your other hand in here, that'll warm it up."

His right hand was a bit chilly, having also been hanging off to the side of his chair. He took his daughter's advice and tucked it within the warmth of her thighs.

Once his hand was safely lodged she squeezed her thighs back together. "There, doesn't that feel better, daddy?"

It did indeed. It was really quite warm being snuggled within Mary's clenched thighs. Also a bit damp, or that might be just his imagination.

Mr. Anderson did at least stay away from exploring down into the crack of his daughter's bum. There was, after all, no reason to go there. She wouldn't be chilly down in there. She wouldn't need any warming up down in there. Well, perhaps she might, he thought, in a different way, but Mr. Anderson then cursed himself for having such a lascivious thought about his own daughter. And, goodness, imagine if he did slip his hand down to her crack, all the way down to the bottom and in between her thighs, to her other crack. That would be so, so nice; yet so, so wrong. And, most assuredly Mary would get quite upset, as well she should. Still, his right hand was already awfully, awfully close, and she didn't seem to mind at all. He cupped and patted Mary's teeny bum with his hand. His daughter did have such a wonderfully bouncy bubbly bottom.

"Daddy," Mary giggled into his chest, as she felt her father patting and fondling her derriere.

Mr. Anderson wondered if his daughter's breasts were chilly as well.

"My boobies feel chilly too, daddy."

His heart seemed to momentarily stop and then suddenly started again at a pace that was quite accelerated. "Yes, well, we can't have that," he quietly replied. With some trepidation he pulled his hand from the warmth of her thighs, but with considerable pleasure her brought it to his daughter's left breast. He first just gently cupped her boob in the palm and fingers of his hand. It wasn't terribly cold, but it was terribly soft and round.

"Mmmmmm," Mary sighed at the feel of her father tenderly, gently holding her breast while he continued to softly caress her bottom. She had not felt this close to her father in a long, long time. Her nipples stiffened with delight.

Mr. Anderson gave her breast a little squeeze. Her boob wasn't large, but it didn't really need to be. It was still a good handful, and it felt so, so wonderful. He had to admit that there had been times when he had wondered what Mary's boobs would feel like, longing to be young again, to feel within his hands youthfully round firm boobs. And, now he was reminded of what it was indeed like, and it was as marvelous and amazing as he had remembered from his own youth, when he had been in college, a boy of nineteen dating Donna.

He could, of course, be quite biased, as this was his daughter's boob. Fathers do have a tendency to exaggerate the appeal, the attractiveness, of their own daughters. But, it was precisely because it was his daughter's breast that made the touch, the feel, the contact, so much more provocatively delightful. He wondered how many fathers would be so terribly jealous of him, and how lucky he was to have Mary as his daughter. He gazed with admiration and lust at her breast, wondering what it would be like to take her stiff, erect nipple into his lips, his own daughter's nipple, a father suckling on his daughter's teat. How strange and wonderful that would be. He shifted his thumb and index finger to the nipple and gently massaged, squeezed, and even gave her a little pinch.

Mary could feel herself slipping away from the goal, the mission, which was to get her father to buy her a new car, or at least a used car. The means to this end was beginning to serve its own purpose, its own pleasure. She had always enjoyed being close to her father when she was young, being held by him in his lap. She now realized how much she missed those moments of tenderness, of intimacy. Yes, it was now quite obviously and vividly sexual, but that in fact made it all the more exciting, and provocatively arousing. Her father was indeed a very handsome man, whom she admired for many years. Plus, he did appear to have a pretty big and hard cock.

"You know," Mary whispered, "you don't have to get me a car, if you don't want to."

"Well," Mr. Anderson absentmindedly responded, "perhaps it wouldn't be such a bad idea." He really wasn't giving it much thought, as his mind was now emptied of all thoughts, focusing his attention instead on simply feeling, fondling and caressing his daughter's breasts. They were so squishy, so squeezable soft, yet so perky and firm. He was also continuing to tenderly squeeze and pinch her nipples between his thumb and index finger. Many a time he had seen these nips poking through a tight t-shirt, wanting to admonish his daughter to wear something looser, wondering if she was even wearing a brassiere. He now looked upon these nipples with a quite different interest. Well, actually, perhaps it was the same interest as before, but this time he was enjoying them, admiring them, rather than scolding and admonishing them.

"Oh daddy," Mary softly whimpered into his chest, her left hand drifting down from his chest to rest in his lap, where it came into contact with her father's rather obviously erect cock. "Oh my goodness, daddy", Mary quietly exclaimed. She had been impressed with its size when she was gazing at it. It felt even bigger when she wrapped her fingers around it, as best she could with it still tucked into his slacks and boxers.

"Mary!" Mr. Anderson gasped at the feel of his daughter's feminine fingers trying to wrap themselves around his erect dick. He quickly removed his hand from her breast to take hold of her hand and remove it from his cock. This would seem to be going too far, finally crossing a line that should perhaps be quite taboo. However, he did not himself remove his hand from her naked bum. He did at least still have a potentially innocent explanation for its presence there, or at least one that he could convince himself was innocent (i.e., keeping her bottom warm).

"What's wrong, daddy?" Mary innocently inquired.

Mr. Anderson again glanced over to the entrance to the hallway, which was still apparently empty. "Pumpkin," he replied, "you really shouldn't do that. I'm your father, you know and, well, that's just not right."

Mary radically shifted her position, at least physically. She moved her legs so that she was fully facing him on his lap, her knees tucked in between his thighs and the arms of the easy chair, her own thighs spread open to give him a very good look at her cunt, which was now split open as well with her spread thighs, offering him a view of her wet inner lips. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders to help hold herself on his lap. "Daddy, you shouldn't be embarrassed by that. It happens to lots of guys at college when they see a girl in The Program. It's really only natural, you know."

Mr. Anderson found it a bit odd to have his daughter explaining principles of The Program to him, his daughter now being the adult, the mature one, the reasoning one. Well, that is perhaps a common experience of parents as their children return from college, all grown up. Frankly, she was probably quite right, or at least her preferred to think so.

A few days ago Mary would have been rather surprised, and shocked, at what she was now doing. But she was being driven by a number of emotions and motivations. For one, she enjoyed putting her father on the defensive about her nudity. Her position now was considerably better than the embarrassment she had been feeling when she first undressed in front of him. Plus, she had been on the verge of getting him to agree to get her at least a car. And, finally, well, her own level of arousal was really quite high, and like she had done with her brother she was letting her loins do a lot of the thinking for her.

"Yes, well, none of those guys are their fathers," Mr. Anderson again asserted, clinging weakly to his ambivalence.

Mary removed her right hand from around his shoulder to reach down between her thighs and lightly touch, and caress, her father's erection. She said quietly, "But, that's what makes it so fun and special, daddy."

He lurched at the touch of her fingers on his cock, like a violent current had jolted his body.

"And, I'm eighteen now, daddy. I can make my own decisions." Mary further whispered, "I won't tell, mummy."

It was evident from the technical reports and case studies that some faculty do become sexually aroused during the course of The Program, and a few had even been known to become directly involved. This was not considered to be a problem. On the contrary, it was quite important for the faculty to convey and model a healthy acceptance of adult sexuality for their students, and Mr. Anderson certainly did not want to fail to provide a good role model for his own daughter. Nevertheless, this was rather awkward, to say the least. But, still, the touch of her fingers caressing his knob through his slacks felt so, so good. "Honestly, pumpkin, I don't know if we should."

"Well, okay daddy, we can just keep it inside and that way it won't be like we're having real sex."

"Yea, okay," he passively acquiesced. He so much wanted to agree. He so much wanted some excuse, any rationale, that would make it acceptable.

Mary shifted her position again to now slip her legs over the arms of the chair and pull herself up closer to him, so close that her bare, naked cunt lips were pressing against his erection. She might not be able to jerk her father off, let alone have sex with him, but she would at least be able to give him a lap dance he would not soon forget.

"Oh geeeez," her father exclaimed as he watched and felt his daughter clamp her bare, naked, shaved slit against the bulge in his slacks, against his stiff cock. He was seeing, and experiencing, quite a different side of his daughter, and he definitely liked it.

Mary began to slide her cunt up and down against her dad's erection.

"Mmmmm," Mary sighed, "doesn't that feel so good, daddy."

"Yes, yes, it does," he replied. He reached down with his right hand to shift his cock so that it was sticking largely straight up so that Mary could more effectively grind her cunt against it. He then reached around her body to grasp his daughter's bum cheeks in each hand. There was no longer the pretense of doing so to keep her bottom warm. It was now quite explicitly to give them a healthy squeeze, as well as to help hold her daughter's cunt closer and tighter against his cock. This might not be real sex, but it was awfully, awfully close as they both humped and grinded against one another.

But, there was a problem, other than the fact that it was father and daughter. Mary stopped to complain, "Daddy, your zipper is getting in the way and it's hurting me."

Well, that wasn't any good. No father wants to hurt his own daughter, to cause her any pain and suffering. That would be the last thing one would want to do. "Here," he said, momentarily letting go of her bottom to undue his belt, the clasp, pull down his zipper, and spread open the flaps of his pants so that the offending zipper would no longer be a problem. And, well, besides, this would make their play even more intensely enjoyable.

It also gave Mary a better view of her father's cock. It was still lodged within his boxers but the outline was now much more evident, being hidden now by only a thin cotton layer. "Goodness, daddy, you must make mommy real happy with this."

She reached down to grasp it with her hand. She wondered if her daddy's cock was bigger than her brother's. She supposed that it should be, but Jeff was all grown up. He wasn't going to get any bigger. She wondered as well if they in fact looked the same.

Alex was breathing heavily as he watched and felt his daughter study his cock through his boxers, his own eyes alternating between watching her hand explore and play with his dick and her naked boobs, which were now just inches from his eyes. He returned his own hands to her bottom, to softly fondle and caress those very sweet round cheeks. He didn't want them to get cold again.

As she fondled and squeezed his erection through his boxers she looked into her father's eyes, providing him with her most plaintive, pleading, puppy expression to ask, "Could it be a Miata, daddy? I really would like a Miata."

"Yes," he gasped, not really feeling like he could deny his daughter anything at this point. She literally had him wrapped around her little finger; well, actually, all of her fingers.

"Oh daddy, you're the best!" Mary squealed and leaned forward to give him a big kiss on the cheek. "The best dad ever!"

"Yes, well, I'll, um." It was difficult to engage in a normal conversation. His breaths were short and rapid. "I'll have to talk to your mother about this, but I think it'll be alright."

Mary increased the rate at which she was handling and stroking his cock. "Can it be green? I really want a green one."

"Yes, yes," he gasped. But, a potential problem now occurred to him. He was usually pretty good at planning family activities, but he hadn't prepared for or planned on this. "Mary," he warned, "if you keep that up daddy is going to have an accident." It was rather awkward admitting such a thing to his daughter, but a good father will not deny or avoid the truth. He should be forthright with his daughter, and the fact was he could feel that he was getting pretty close to cumming.

Mary smiled at that. Just the thought of making her father cum was rather pleasing. Daughters do like feeling that their fathers love them. Some psychoanalysts even suggest that a boyfriend or a husband could be symbolic of a girl's father, and why have the symbol when you can have the real thing? But, she did appreciate his concern. "You don't want to actually have it squirt in your pants, do you, daddy?"

No, that was true. Not only would it be uncomfortable and a little embarrassing, but also more difficult to hide from his wife, although frankly just the thought that he would be hiding something from his wife was rather troubling. He had at times provided his daughter with a little extra money, maybe even a present, and often an opportunity to stay up later than usual, after Donna had gone to bed, and he and Mary would agree that it would be their little private secret because he knew that Donna would object, would suggest that he wasn't being tough enough with Mary. Now he was even going to provide her with big wad of cum, as well as a car, and a Miata at that. He wondered how he was going to explain that to Donna. Well, at least it would be a used Miata. He wouldn't go so far as to get her a new one. When it came to the "apple of his eye," his precious pumpkin, he sometimes just couldn't help himself. Still, having her jerk him off was probably a little more than just letting her stay up late at night. Perhaps they should just stop this now?

But, as he considered his ambivalence Mary slipped her hand into his boxers, and quickly extracted his cock. "Oooooooooh, daddy," she crooned. "It really is big, and I think it's much happier playing outside." She looked him in the eyes, her big green eyes just inches from his, and she smiled as she rubbed her naked cunt against his naked cock, "You do always say that it's best to play out in the fresh air."

Mr. Anderson smiled at his daughter's successful hoisting him on his own petard, as she was flirting with hoisting herself on his dick. He also had to admit that feeling his daughter's slippery wet slit against his naked cock was a lot better than being separated by any clothes. This was significantly more intimate and exciting. He was though a bit surprised, and troubled, at how easy it was for his daughter to extract his cock from his slacks. He had to wonder how much experience she's had at doing that.

Jeff had by now fully recovered from his own time with Mary and was wondering what the heck he was doing upstairs in his bedroom while his sister was roaming around naked in the house. He had been fondly reminiscing about the time he had just spent with her, finding himself getting hard once again, and then realizing that her young naked body was still available, at least to see. It was unlikely that she was posing for mom and dad like she had posed for him, but there was no way he was going to spend the rest of the evening sitting in his room while his sister was walking around the house buck naked.

He went downstairs. He figured she would be in the family room watching TV with mom and dad. He arrived just as Mary had slipped her father's erection out of his boxers. His own cock swelled hard in his slacks at the sight of his sister sitting, with legs spread, on dad's lap. The chair was somewhat askew to the entrance into the room so he couldn't see his father's cock, but it was very clear what was going on. He moved a bit to the side to hide his presence as best he could as he reached down to play with himself as he watched his sister play with their father.

With her father's cock extracted from his boxers Mary resumed the sliding of her wet, soft, warm cunt lips up and down his shaft, her breaths now in short, hurried gasps, her tittles rising and falling, her eyes glazed with lust, the wet, swollen lips of her cunt embracing her father's hard, stiff shaft.

Mr. Anderson looked down, past his daughter's wiggling and bouncing breasts, to the sight of her shaved cunt lips wrapping around his shaft, embracing it, hugging it, as she slid her cunt up and down the length of his cock.

Mary though broke off his view by bringing the rest of her body against him, hugging him upstairs as well as downstairs. As she wrapped her arms around his shoulders she whispered into his ear, "I'm so wet, daddy."

He could certainly feel that. He clutched and squeezed her little derriere in his hands, helping to support her, helping her slide her cunt up and down his cock.

He pulled back a bit so that he could bring his face, his lips, down to his daughter's breasts, taking into his lips her stiff, erect nipple.

"Oh daddy," Mary gasped as she felt her father's lips, his tongue, his teeth, nibbling on her nip.

There was something really quite special about a son suckling on his mother's teat. It was so loving, so natural, so intimate and fundamental. But, both Mary and Alex would have to agree that the same could be said for a father and daughter; in fact, perhaps even more provocatively wondrous and special for them.

As he suckled on his daughter's teat, Mr. Anderson felt an urge to try tickling Mary's little anus. If it was his wife he knew that she would be shocked and perhaps even appalled if he did that to her. Mrs. Anderson really didn't like that sort of thing, and Alex had to admit to being a bit disappointed. She would do many other things, often much to his surprise (her behavior in The Enthusiasts Club had been at times quite surprising, perhaps even shocking), but she had made it clear that she didn't like anal sex.

Mary though was a college student and they did tend to try lots of different things when at college. Plus, he would like to encourage Mary to be a bit more flexible and open than her mother when it came to things like that. And, finally, a girl does need to grow up and learn new things. He slipped his index finger down into the crack off her ass and brought it to her little puckered rosebud.

Mary's eyes opened up wide, as did her mouth, at the shocking feel of her daddy's finger tickling her anus. "Oh my goodness, daddy!" she exclaimed.

"Oh, pumpkin," her father breathlessly responded, releasing her wet stiff nipple from his lips, "daddy's going to cum."

"Oh yes, daddy!" Mary squealed, hugging her body tightly against him, her bottom squirming with the tickling of her asshole, her cunt wriggling and quivering against her father's cock as it twitched, jerked, and began spitting out its cum. "Squirt it, daddy, squirt it all over!"

"Ohhhhhhh," her father groaned as he clutched his daughter's body against his, feeling his body wracked and wrecked by his orgasm, his heart beating so hard, so loud, his mind feeling faint, his entire self feeling so good, so wonderful, so right, as his cock gushed and spewed its thick sloppy load, soaking the front of his shirt and the tummy of his daughter.

"Oh my gosh, mother?" Jeff suddenly proclaimed, noticing his mother now standing right behind him.

"Mummy?!" Mary exclaimed upon hearing Jeff's voice, and then seeing her mother, and Jeff, in the entrance to the hallway.

"Donna?!" Mr. Anderson ejaculated as well, feeling himself still in the final throws of his other ejaculation, his face flushed with the blood of his orgasm and now with concern and embarrassment as well, his cock squirting out it's last few splats onto himself and his daughter's tummy and cunt. He clutched his daughter's body against him to hide the evidence, but realizing at the same time that doing so made him look all the more guilty.

Mrs. Anderson had finished with her sewing and had decided to join the family. She was a little disappointed though in discovering Jeff peeking around the corner of the hallway into the family room, apparently spying on Mary. She was reminded of when she had caught him one time trying to peek into her bedroom while Mary was changing. "Enjoying the view?" Mrs. Anderson said accusatively, and scoldingly.

"Um, well, I." Jeff was reminded of when his mother had caught him trying to peek into Mary's bedroom. He hadn't seen anything then, but he might have if his mother hadn't caught him in time.

"You know," Mrs. Anderson suggested, "why don't you join your sister, Jeffrey."

"What?"

It did actually make good sense, as well as being an obvious punishment for the crime of peeking in on his sister. Mrs. Anderson explained, "The Program at Abberville always involves a couple. Isn't that right, Alex." She turned to her husband, and then noticed for the first time that Mary was sitting astride her husband's lap in a rather obviously suggestive position. Mary had sat on his lap many times as a young girl, but never like that.

Mr. Anderson was hurriedly trying to clean off his daughter's tummy and thighs with whatever dry part of his shirt tail he could find. He looked over at his wife, guilt written all over his face. "Yes, yes," he quickly agreed. His wife was indeed correct about that. They had in fact discussed the possibility of having the two of them be naked together, just like in The Program, but they felt that would probably be going too far, or at least it might be asking too much of them too soon. It was perhaps quite fitting and appropriate to do it now.

As she saw her husband try to hide the evidence Mrs. Anderson understood why Jeff was peeking into the room. She at first wasn't entirely sure how she felt about it. But, she then recalled that she and Jeff were guilty of the same thing the previous evening. Well, not entirely the same perhaps but, in any case, she had felt it to be a natural, appropriate, and quite wonderful outcome of The Program for her and Jeff. There was little reason to deny the same thing for Alex and Mary. "Yes, well," she said, turning her attention back to Jeff. "Why don't you get out of those things and we can then have a nice family get together."

"Right now?" Jeff had already done this before so perhaps it really shouldn't be that difficult. Still, it's not like one adapts overnight to taking one's clothes off in front of the family. In addition, he was now sporting a pretty raging hard-on. That made it considerably more difficult to drop his pants, to say the least.

Mrs. Anderson reached out and began to unbuckle Jeff's belt. When she instructed her son to remove his clothes she expected that he would do it forthwith.

"I can do it! I can do it!" Jeff protested. If there is anything worse than having to take off your clothes in front of your mother, it's having your mother do it for you, like you were still in kindergarten or something.

"Well, that certainly doesn't seem to be the case," she responded as she finished undoing his belt, unclasping his pants, and pulling down his zipper.

Mary was enjoying this immensely, for more than one reason. Whereas her father had a happy ending to their little dance, she had not. She was feeling quite inflamed and unsatisfied, and as she watched her mother undress her brother she recalled her own time with Jeff just an hour or so ago. Plus, she felt it would make her nudity considerably easier to deal with if she wasn't the only one. She climbed off her father's lap and sat on the cushioned armrest of his easy chair, swinging her feet in delight at the sight of her brother being so unceremoniously disrobed, her own bare slit glistening with the moisture of her arousal and the remnants of her father's spunk.

Mary sitting on the edge of the chair was a lucky break for Mr. Anderson. Mary's body was now effectively hiding that part of him that needed to be hidden, and he used the opportunity to get his cock back into his boxers, his shirt tucked in, and his pants zipped up and buckled. There was still some rather obvious wet stains on the front of his shirt, but perhaps he could somehow lay his arm across them. Well, at least he was now safely tucked away.

"Mother, please," Jeff protested, grabbing hold of the waistband of his pants, trying to keep his mother from pulling them down, at least long enough for him to lose his erection.

But, Mrs. Anderson would have none of that. He was behaving worse than he had when she had last shopped with him to buy new school clothes. He had raised quite a fuss about her following him into the dressing room to help him try on the trousers. That had been quite a long time ago, but apparently he hadn't changed. She crouched down and forcibly jerked his slacks and boxers out of his hands and pulled them rapidly down to his ankles.

Out popped Jeff's cock. It was no longer fully erect, but it was obviously still quite swollen and aroused. It was poking right toward Mrs. Anderson's face.

"Well," she said, a bit captivated by the sight, "I can see that Jeff is very excited about spending some quality time with his sister." She cleared her throat, stood up, and added, "Why don't you show your sister, Jeffrey, how happy you are she is spending this time with you." To make sure he did just that she turned his body so that he, and his stiffened penis, were facing his giggling sister.

Jeff perhaps shouldn't feel so terribly embarrassed about having to show his erection. He had shown it to his sister twice before, and the latest time was just about an hour ago. He had been quite happy to do it the second time, and he had certainly enjoyed the sharing of his erection with his mother the other night. But, this naked at home thing does take some time getting used to. Plus, having to show the erection he got while peeking in on his sister was a rather embarrassing confession.

"Okay, now, Jeffrey," Mrs. Anderson instructed, "you take off the rest of your clothes yourself. And," she added, "all the way down to your socks."

As he did so Mrs. Anderson noticed how pointy were her daughter's nipples. "Alex, what were you thinking, having Mary be naked in such a drafty cold room. She could have caught her death of cold in here." She strode over to the thermostat to turn up the heat. It would make the house a bit too warm everywhere else, but she wasn't about to have her daughter get the chills.

"Yea, sorry, you're right, Donna," Alex acknowledged. He and Mary smiled to themselves over how he had in fact managed to avoid her getting too chilly.

Once Jeff got all of his clothes off Mrs. Anderson said, "Alright then, much better. Now, let's all sit down together have a nice chat. Alex," she said, "why don't you turn off the television. We don't want any distractions."

Two naked bodies, however, were likely to be quite a distraction.

Mr. Anderson was quite happy to turn off the television. Getting the remote from the coffee table in front of the couch gave him an opportunity to grab one of the pillows. When he sat back down in his chair he laid it on his lap. It was a rather incongruous place to put a pillow. At worst, though, he figured his wife would just think that he was trying to hide an erection, rather than the fruits of a past one.

The conversation, though, was difficult. It was reminiscent of a time Mr. Anderson had shut off the TV and forced the family to have a conversation. The discussion went from school (Mary and Jeff said everything was going fine) to the economy (they all agreed it was bad), to the war in Iraq (they all agreed it was bad), and finally to the weather (they all agreed it was pretty nice right now). When it was finally time for Who's the Boss, Mr. Anderson turned the TV back on, claiming victory. But it was clearly an empty one, if it was any victory at all.

Well, this was perhaps worse, in part because there were clearly a couple of elephants in the room that were difficult to ignore, nor did Mr. or Mrs. Anderson want to ignore them. Mr. Anderson's eyes repeatedly trailed over his daughter's breasts and cunnie, while Mrs. Anderson's focused on her son's cock, which rose back up to full strength under the repeated glances of his mother and sister.

Jeff would often glance at a girl's breasts when he was talking with her. He now appreciated how obvious this probably was, as he could readily tell that his mother and sister kept looking at his cock. The eyes of his sister appeared particularly curious and interested. Of course, he was himself stealing glances at her boobs, and her pussy, which almost seemed to be shining.

"Well, Jeff," Mrs. Anderson inquired, "have you decided whether to ask Patsy out on a date?" Patsy Emerson was a friend of Mary's who used to have a crush on Jeff (see "Naked at Home, Part I").

It was difficult enough for Jeff to speak to his mother about girls he was dating, it put another whole spin on the conversation to have his erection poking up in the air as he did so. She was always probing him for information about whom he might be seeing, when could she meet the girl, how serious was the relationship, was this perhaps the special one. It might be even more difficult to talk to her about it with his cock sticking up, working perhaps as a sort of lie detector. "Yea, actually, um, well, yes."

"I didn't know that!" Mary objected. She and Patsy were close friends and it was understandably surprising to realize that Patsy hadn't told her.

"Yea, well, it wasn't that long ago."

"Now, Jeffrey," Mr. Anderson admonished, "remember that Patsy is your sister's age and she is a bit young for any hanky panky."

"Father!" Mary again complained. It wasn't like she was trying to defend Jeff, particularly his interest in having sex with Patsy. It just seemed a bit hypocritical of her father to be suggesting that Patsy was too young, after what they just did.

"Dad," Jeff retorted, "she's eighteen. She's an adult."

Mr. Anderson supposed Jeff was right. It was just difficult at times to appreciate that his children were no longer children and clearly Mary was no longer a child, his tired and sleeping cock stirring a bit over his recent recognition and appreciation of that fact. He glanced down at his daughter's naked bum hanging over the armrest of his chair. He considered lightly caressing it, perhaps even giving it a little tickle. He gently cupped the exposed cheek in his hand and lightly caressed her crack.

Mrs. Anderson stepped in to support her husband, "Fathers can at times be a bit overprotective when it comes to their daughters, Mary. You understand, don't you?"

Mary rolled her eyes. "Yes, mother, I do." If only her mother knew, she thought, feeling her nipple, anus, and cunnie tingle at the memory of their very recent dalliance, as well as the feel of her father's hand softly and gently fondling her.

Mrs. Anderson continued, "Both of you are now adults and you certainly have the freedom and right to choose with whom you become sexually involved, but we do want you to be making the right choices."

"Yes, mother, I will," Mary responded.

"And," her mother continued, "There are plenty of things one can do with a partner short of actually going all the way and risk getting pregnant."

"Mother, I know," Mary said, her impatience clearly evident in the sound of her voice.

Mr. Anderson gave her soft pats on her fanny, trying to help encourage her to be patient with her mother.

Mary had already had such a talk with her mother sometime ago, but with the kids both naked, Jeffrey even sporting an erection, it just seemed only natural that the conversation would be about sex, or at least any other topic just seemed to be off the topic, ignoring what was so heavily in the air, and on everybody's mind.

"I really don't know though if I would approve of anal sex." It was one of the other ways of doing it, but Mrs. Anderson didn't really care for it.

"Mother!" Mary loudly complained.

Mr. Anderson slipped a finger down into the crack of Mary's bottom.

Mary responded by shifting back farther on the armrest, giving her father better access, even to the point of being able to lightly caress her anus. It just seemed a nice way to protest, having daddy caress her anus while her mother objected to such things.

Jeff's cock twitched. He had not in fact tried anal sex before, and he could not help but wonder if his mother might in fact suggest that he try it with his sister. Who better to learn knew things from than your parents, and where better to learn them than within the home.

"What do you think, Alex?" Mrs. Anderson inquired.

Mr. Anderson furrowed his brow. He knew his wife's firm position on this and when it came to her butt her preference in such matters would take precedence, as it was her butt that would be intruded. But, this was Mary's butt, not hers, and his finger was currently exploring and tickling Mary's curly, puckered butt hole. "Well, no, no I suppose not. There are indeed risks that are specific to anal sex. But, then again, college students will try many things out, at least just once, or twice."

It was Mrs. Anderson's turn to furrow her brow, feeling a little surprised that her husband was not as firmly disapproving. She knew of course that college students experiment with many new activities, new interests, but anal sex? She asked her daughter. "Have you had anal sex, Mary?"

"Mother, my gracious, no, I have not." There was simply no way she was going to admit to any such thing to her mother. "And, it's really uncomfortable talking about all this, like this." She folded her arms beneath her breasts. It was a gesture of objection, but like with Jeff earlier it only served to elevate and frame her naked bubbies. She also squirmed a bit on the armrest, thinking about a guy actually doing it while her father appeared to be exploring the possibility of sticking his finger up her ass. It was a very odd sensation and she tried to relax her sphincter, in case she understood correctly her father's intentions.

"Well, I think it's very important for a family to be able to talk openly about, really just about anything. No topic should ever be taboo for a healthy, engaged family. Don't you think so, Alex?"

"Absolutely, dear," Mr. Anderson fully agreed, and he suddenly slipped the tip of his index finger past his daughter's sphincter and into her ass, up her rectum.

"Yes!" Mary suddenly exclaimed, apparently in agreement with her father, and her mother, almost slipping of the armchair with her enthusiastic endorsement, needing to clutch tightly the armrest and back of the chair to maintain her position.

Mrs. Anderson was pleased to hear her daughter's full and enthusiastic agreement. "And, what about yourself," she inquired, this time of Alex.

"Excuse me?"

"Have you had anal intercourse, Jeffrey?"

"No mother, I haven't," although feeling more embarrassed than proud of the fact.

Mrs. Anderson could tell by his eyes that he wasn't being entirely forthright. "But, you've thought about it, haven't you, Jeffrey."

Jeff's face blushed. "No, no, I haven't."

Mothers can tell when their sons are fibbing. "Have you had fantasies about it when you masturbated?"

"Mother!" It was Jeff's turn on the hot seat and he didn't like it any better than his sister.

Mr. Anderson came to his son's defense, sort of. "Now, Jeff, it's perfectly fine, perfectly healthy, to masturbate as a young man. All men have done it and, well, frankly many times, I imagine." He was trying to take to heart The Program's emphasis on the elders modeling a healthy, comfortable attitude toward sex, as he continued to finger his daughter's squirming bum.

"And," Mrs. Anderson added, "it's fine to imagine something. You can enjoy fantasizing about doing something that you wouldn't actually do."

"Yes, that's a very good point, dear," Mr. Anderson interjected. "There's nothing wrong with just imagining something. It's kind of like having your cake and eat it too."

Jeff wasn't quite sure that his father's analogy was appropriate, but he did get the point.

"So," Mrs. Anderson again inquired, "have you?"

"What?" Jeff responded.

"Answer your mother," Mr. Anderson instructed. He had worked his finger as far into his daughter's derriere that it would go, and was now just poking and wiggling it around in there.

"Yes, mother," Jeff finally acquiesced, his exasperation clearly evident. "I have thought about it. I have fantasied about it."

Mary rolled her eyes, wondering if he had thought about it with Patsy or, even worse, herself! Clearly her father must be thinking about it, and she squeezed tightly on her father's finger with her sphincter.

"Well, that wasn't so hard, was it Jeffrey?" Mrs. Anderson inquired.

"I think it was about as hard as his penis," Mary quipped.

"Can we just talk about something else, please!" Jeff pleaded.

"Well, alright," Mrs. Anderson responded, feeling a bit surprised at how much difficulty Jeff was having with the conversation. She understood the younger generation to be so much more open and comfortable with sex than her own generation, yet Jeff seemed quite adverse to any further discussion of anal sex. "What about oral sex?"

It was Jeff's turn to roll his eyes.

But the spotlight actually shifted back to Mary. "Have you performed oral sex, Mary?" Mrs. Anderson asked.

Mr. Anderson's finger halted all movement in her rectum, perhaps wanting not to distract her as she contemplated her answer but also because her father was himself rather curious about the answer.

Mary took a deep breath, her breasts rising up. She had certainly given guys blow jobs before, but she really, really didn't want to admit that to her parents. It wasn't as bad as anal sex but it was like when they ask you if have drank, or experimented with drugs. Sometimes a white lie is the best thing. She shook her head no, and so rapidly so that her titties made a little dance.

But, honesty is also the best policy, as she was beginning to weave a rather tangled web.

"Really?" Mrs. Anderson was surprised, and a little concerned. "Well, my goodness, Mary, why not?"

What does she do now? Admit that she lied or dig a deeper hole? What if her admission of lying led back to the anal sex inquiry? "Um, well, um."

Mr. Anderson didn't know for sure how he felt about this. As a father, part of him was quite happy to hear it. No father likes to think of his daughter giving guys blow jobs. Well, actually, maybe they do like to think about it, within a certain context. In any case, though, as a father he also was disappointed to hear this. He certainly had no objection to oral sex and didn't really want his daughter to have some sort of sexual insecurities. He removed his finger from her rectum and gently laid his hand on her waist. He asked, "Are you uncomfortable with performing oral sex for a boy, Mary?"

Mary could feel her face redden. "No, no," she asserted.

Mrs. Anderson could tell that her daughter was not being entirely forthright, but she misunderstood the precise nature of the dissembling. "You really shouldn't feel bad about doing that for a young man, Mary."

"Mother, that's not it," Mary again asserted. She knew now that she probably should have told the truth. It is always best to be honest with one's parents, even when it's difficult.

"Are you concerned that you don't really know how to do it?" She was reminded of when Mary wouldn't go to a school dance because she felt that she really didn't know how to dance. It took quite a bit of encouragement and support to get her to go, as well as some quick dance lessons from her father. Not surprisingly, in the end, Mary had really enjoyed the dance.

Mr. Anderson had the same thought. He certainly remembered the first time he performed oral sex on a girl. He was so nervous and clumsy. He had no idea what he was doing, and sorely doubted that he did a very good job. Schools give lessons on sex, but oddly enough the lessons have nothing to do with how to have and do good sex. It's among the most pleasurable and important activities in life, yet nobody teaches you how to do it. It's like trying to learn how to drive a car by trial and error, with a number of bad accidents along the way. He inquired, "Remember the school dance?"

"What?" Mary responded, looking back at her father, wondering when this conversation would end, so much hoping that it would be sooner rather than later.

"Remember how much you didn't want to go. How afraid you were because you didn't know how to dance. But, with just a few lessons you got really good, and it turned out that everybody was just as inexperienced and awkward as you."

Mrs. Anderson wasn't sure that her husband's remarks were entirely supportive. He could have left out that last point. It was true, but it was probably not helpful to point it out. Yet, he did have a fundamentally good point. "That's a wonderful suggestion, Alex," she said.

"Excuse me?" Mr. Anderson replied. He didn't know he was providing a suggestion.

"Yes," Mrs. Anderson continued, "you could first try it with your father, Mary, you know, get the hang of it."

Mary turned her attention back to her mother. "You want me to perform oral sex on father?" Mary was incredulous.

Jeff's cock swelled and twitched, as did his father's despite its need for rest.

Mrs. Anderson explained further. "I just think it's so striking that some of the most important behaviors in life, ones that can have quite serious consequences, are first conducted without any parental supervision. Your father and I were talking about that just the other day, weren't we, Alex."

"Um, uh, yeah," he responded, his mind lost in the thought of Mary giving him a blow job, a very wondrous thought indeed, but also rather flummoxed over the fact that his wife was suggesting it. He felt like he was back with his wife in The Enthusiasts Club. She had certainly been quite the rebellious radical back then.

Jeff though now glowered. He would think that he would be the obvious person with whom Mary should learn about giving a guy a blow job. He was the one who had taught Mary how to ride a bike and, after all, they had already come pretty close to it. It was true that his mother didn't know that but, still, he was the guy who was naked with an erection in the room, yet somehow that slipped his mother's mind.

"Yes," Mrs. Anderson continued, "we were just saying the other night that most young adults, for instance, use alcohol for the first few times without any parental guidance. It's not surprising then that it is typically done in such a very dyscontrolled manner and potentially very harmful as well. Parents teach their children how to drive a car, but not how to drink. They don't expect them to learn how to drive by sneaking off with their friends, yet that is how kids first learn to drink. There really should be some form of parental guidance or supervision, at least at first."

Mary was confused. "You want us to have drinks with you?"

"No, no, no," Mrs. Anderson replied. "Both of you are still too young for that."

"Yeah, but you just said."

"It's not what I said, Mary, it's what I meant. I think you understood what I meant."

"Hey, yeah, well, what about me?" Jeff inquired. He had also helped Mary learn how to drive, although it was true that dad did most of that.

"Well, that's a wonderful idea, Jeffrey. If you want to learn some things too, you can work with me while your sister works with your father!" Mrs. Anderson very much liked the idea of helping her son learn how to perform cunnilingus for a woman, reminiscing quite fondly about their last session together.

"What?" His mother had responded to what he had said, but not actually what he had meant.

"Let's see, now, why don't you two kids get up. Your father and I will take our places on the couch." Before there could be any further discussion or disagreement she got up from her chair and stood by the couch and, while waiting for Jeff to get up, she undid the clasp of her skirt and pulled it from her body.

Mr. Anderson got up from his chair. He was really quite surprised at his wife's interest, even apparent enthusiasm, for having their kids perform oral sex on them. But, she had indeed been a dedicated member of The Enthusiasts Club. In any case, this was yet another benefit of The Program!

Alex though was unaware that his wife had already had sex twice with their son, and he was also unaware that she realized he had some form of sex with Mary. He was hoping that they had successfully hidden the evidence, but that had not in fact been the case. From Mrs. Anderson's perspective, both of them have now had sex with their children. They might as well do it now with a more parental and educational purpose in mind: teaching them to be good lovers for their future spouses.

Jeff was not at all adverse to performing oral sex on a woman, and his mom was certainly a very pretty, fit, and attractive woman. He did though have to admit that the whole thing seemed a little surreal: his mother undressing in front of him, his sister naked, him sporting a stout stiffie, and now he was about to muff dive his mom.

Mary was more ambivalent than her brother, which is perhaps not too surprising. If it was true that she had never given a guy a blow job before because she was insecure about it she would have felt even more awkward about it now. The first one she gave had been rather tentative, even clumsy. She would hate to have performed so awkwardly in front of her father, again thinking back at that ballet recital. On the other hand, her father had been terribly understanding and patient when he was teaching her to dance.

But, all of this should perhaps be secondary to the fact that she would be sucking off her father's cock.

Yet, a part of her was actually rather excited about the idea. She was still quite inflamed from her very recent dalliance with dad, and his finger up her bottom had not helped her to calm down (plus it would clearly help with the secondary mission of getting a Miata). However, she definitely wasn't particularly thrilled about doing this in front of her brother, and it did seem awkward to have mom there as well, although it was rather obvious that mom didn't seem to mind.

Mrs. Anderson had removed her skirt and slip, and was now dressed only in her blouse, brassiere, panties, thigh high nylons, and flats. She had her thumbs tucked into the waistband of her panties, was bending over, when she realized, "Oh, I'm sorry, how inconsiderate of me." And right in front of the children, no less. "Would you like to take down your mother's panties, Jeff?" She would always offer the children the first bit of a candy or dessert she had, at times even letting them unwrap some of her presents at Christmas. How frankly surprising that she hadn't thought about Jeff's interest when she was about to pull down her panties. That was not very motherly of her.

"Um, yeah, sure, mom," his face reddening. He really would like to do that, but he felt rather awkward admitting it in front of his sister, and he now more fully appreciated that he would also be eating his mother out in front of his dad. Talk about an oedipal conflict! What do you do in a situation like this? Do you outperform your father to please your mother? But, what dad will appreciate his son providing more pleasure to his wife than he has provided? This was actually kind of awkward in a number of respects.

"Honey," Mrs. Anderson said, "why don't you move the coffee table away from the couch so that we'll have plenty of room."

"Certainly, dear," Mr. Anderson replied. He was moving rather slowly anyway in the removal of his clothes. He had by now taken off his pants and was about to take down his boxers, but was hesitating. Frankly, he had to admit, he was not too pleased to have his erection compared to his son's. Fathers and sons can be pretty competitive, at least when the son hits the later teenage years and competes with dad in sports. He didn't really mind that his son would best him at basketball, and handball, and tennis, and golf, and even fly fishing. He could attribute some of this to age, feeling that if he was his son's age he would more than hold his own. But, this was different. Your cock doesn't shrink as you get older and, well, he had to admit, he did have a bit of a paunch. Not a real bad one, mind you. He wasn't what one would call fat. He was in fact in pretty good shape for a man his age. But, he knew he didn't have the abdomen of his son, and even though Jeff is his son, and isn't really in competition with him for the love of his wife, it's difficult for a man to be entirely comfortable watching his wife be pleasured by another man, one younger and fitter than oneself, perhaps especially when it's your son. He pulled the coffee table well away from the couch, stood back up, and watched his son approach his wife to take down her panties, sporting a really very impressive erection.

"Daddy, I think I really should help you with those, don't you think?"

It was Mary, looking so sweet, smiling so affectionately, standing naked before him, her perky boobs so round, so firm, so pure, her shaved cunnie slit a dream to behold. She had dropped off the armrest of the easy chair to help her father. Nothing builds up a man's self-esteem than the love and affection of his daughter. He could feel his cock rapidly swelling within his boxers. "Um, yeah, well, alright," he awkwardly replied.

Mary stepped forward, grasped the waistband of her father's boxers and, once again with rather surprising expertise, pulled them down in one swift motion all the way to his ankles. She got down onto her knees to help him step out of them and, once they were off, looked up at her father, or more accurately at his penis, which was now about half-erect. She realized that she probably should not evidence any prior knowledge of her father's cock, with mummy present. Her mother clearly did not object to her performing oral sex on her father, but she might object to their already being some hanky panky outside of her awareness and permission. "Oh my goodness, daddy," Mary exclaimed, bringing a hand to her mouth and looking quite shocked and flustered, "you're already getting hard!"

Mr. Anderson smiled down at his daughter, looking so excited, fascinated, and eager. It was really quite reassuring, and flattering, and he swelled even further.

"Ooooooooh," Mary cooed, "and you're getting bigger and bigger and bigger. C'mon, let's get over to the couch." She stood back up, took him by the hand and led him to the couch, where her mother was now getting situated herself.

Mrs. Anderson had removed her blouse, but left on her brassiere. She really did want the extra support her brassiere provided, particularly in the presence of her daughter's firm round bubbies. Mrs. Anderson's were clearly significantly larger, but they no longer had the enviable shape of her daughter's. And, besides, she had carefully chosen this brassiere, anticipating that perhaps something like this might in fact happen, given what happened already with Jeffrey the previous night. She was wearing her deep cleavage pink lace Wonderbra. It really made her breasts look fantastic, and she knew her husband would like it, even in comparison to their daughter.

Mr. Anderson smiled at the sight of his wife's proud breasts as he sat down on the couch but then glanced self-consciously at his son's cock.

Mary noticed her father's reaction to Jeff's cock. It was funny how men are always so competitive. Perhaps it would not be surprising for them to be particularly self-conscious and competitive when it came to the size of their cocks. Well, she knew who was going to buy her a car, and it wasn't going to be Jeff. "Oh daddy, your penis is getting so, so big!"

"Yes, well," he replied, "I do have a very pretty daughter," smiling sweetly as he affectionately caressed her cheek.

"Daddy!" Mary exclaimed with embarrassed but exaggerated modesty.

Mrs. Anderson glanced at her husband. She felt like giving him a disapproving scowl. It is rather rude to compliment a woman right in front of your wife but, then again, it was her daughter. She instinctively thrust out her chest as she sat back on the couch, her butt toward the front edge to give Jeff easy access.

Jeff was impressed. His mother had clearly trimmed and shaved since the last time he had seen her cunt.

Mrs. Anderson had been in the bathroom as much as she had been in the sewing room and she had to admit that she was quite pleased with the result. It really did look tremendously better. She had fully shaved the lips, leaving only a rather narrow landing strip heading toward them.

Jeff felt that he should compliment his mother. His father used to prompt him to indicate that he had noticed and liked a new outfit, and especially if she had gone through all the trouble and risk to get a new hairdo. But, does a son actually say, "Hey, I really like what you've done with your hair," when referring to the bush on her pussy?

Mr. Anderson though was not so inhibited. It was not until his wife had sat down on the couch that he had in fact noticed her new cut, and he was more than impressed. In fact, he was quite ecstatically pleased, and his dick swelled even further. "My gosh, sweetie," he said, "what have you done with your hair?!"

"You don't like it?" She asked, spreading open her thighs a bit farther. She frankly wasn't sure if he was kidding or serious.

"Like it? Listen, why don't I take Jeff's place," he suggested, half seriously.

"Daddy!" Mary complained.

"Oh, sorry, yes."

"Geeez, daddy," Mary further asserted. Here she was, about to give her father a blow job, something that not too many daughters would do, and he would rather do mom? What kind of a father is that? "You know she got that idea from me."

It was a valid point. He glanced back and forth at his wife's and daughter's cunts. They did now look awfully similar. He was about to suggest a direct comparison but he had better judgment than that, as it could risk a bit of competitive ire, as well as lead to another obvious parent-offspring comparison that he very much wanted to avoid. "Mary," he said instead, "you know you're my little pumpkin."

"Well, I better be!" She said in mock outrage, her hands on her cocked hips, glowering at him like she was in fact mad, but not being terribly convincing with her jiggling boobies and shaved and slit cunnie pouch.

As Mr. Anderson sat back down on the other side of the couch and looked up at his daughter standing before him, he did appreciate how truly beautiful she had become. She really was going to make some guy really happy someday. She had such a wonderful hour glass figure, such narrow hips and perky breasts, a very, very pretty face, and a wondrous young slick, smooth, virtuous cunt. His dick twitched as he contemplated it, and now grew to its full strength. He spread open his legs and held out his hands. "Come on, dear. Don't be mad. Come to daddy and give him a big kiss."

"Well, okay," Mary replied, stepping forward, dropping down onto her knees between his legs, and leaning down to plant a big, wet, firm, and sustained kiss right on the tip of his cock.

"Oh my gosh," Mr. Anderson exclaimed. He wasn't expecting the kiss there, and it was definitely an excellent choice on the part of his daughter. For a girl who is inexperienced with oral sex, it was a rather surprising gesture.

"Give your mummy a kiss, too, Jeffrey," Mrs. Anderson said, like she was asking him for a kiss goodnight but clearly meaning something else.

Jeff smiled, and his cock twitched. He would be most happy to do so. He was quite pleased that his mother had so thoroughly shaved herself down there. He enjoyed eating girls out, but he had to admit that sometimes hair was a problem, if not downright distracting and annoying. Leave it to a mother to be so considerate of her son's concerns. She would always take the nuts out of his desert. He didn't really like nuts. He buried his face within his mother's fleshy smooth, wet, cunt, and he did his best to please her. No boy would want to disappoint his mother at something like this, and he enthusiastically munched, chewed, slurped, and gobbled his mother's serving of her cunt.

Mrs. Anderson gasped with surprise and pleasure at her son's exuberant feasting on her pussy. She leaned back into the couch, whimpering and moaning with pleasure.

Mary withdrew her kiss of her father's cock and hesitated before using her tongue. It is one thing to kiss your father, it is perhaps quite another to french kiss him. She asked her mother, "You really think it's okay to suck off daddy's cock, mummy?" There was still a bit of nagging doubt in her mind over what she was about to do, or at least she wanted to again hear her mother's approval.

"Mary," Mrs. Anderson scolded through her heaving and gasping, "I don't approve of such language." It was perhaps a somewhat empty admonition, given that Mary was about to in fact suck her daddy's cock but it was a natural, an instinctive reaction on the part of Mrs. Anderson. What mother wouldn't disapprove of her daughter talking in such a manner?

"I'm sorry, mother." She was sincerely contrite. She knew full well that such language was really over the top. If she had said something like that a few weeks ago she would have gotten in much more serious trouble than simply a scolding . She wouldn't have gotten her mouth washed out with soap. She was much too old for that. But there would have been some sort of punishment. She looked up at her father and apologized to him as well. "Sorry, daddy," she said softly.

Mr. Anderson looked down at his daughter kneeling between his legs, her pretty eyes looking so penitent beside the swollen purple plum of his cock. He always had difficulty scolding his daughter when she looked at him like that. "That's alright, sweetie. Now, see what you can do with daddy's penis." Besides, he knew full well that he would be calling it cock sucking fairly soon himself.

Mary was no major expert on blow jobs but she had provided a few in her limited period of life and there hadn't been any complaints on the part of the recipients. Still, if she was to maintain the illusion that she was inexperienced she realized that she should probably act the part. She very tentatively began to lick the tip and around the bulb, like she was reluctantly tasting a flavor of ice cream for which she was rather ambivalent.

"Like this, daddy?"

It actually looked and felt awfully nice, but Mr. Anderson could see that his daughter did in fact need some tutoring. "That's really very good, pumpkin, but you should really put your full self into it. Embrace it, enjoy the moment."

It was pretty much word-for-word what he had said when he was trying to help with her ballet lessons. 'Well, if that's what he wants,' Mary thought. She opened her mouth up wide and swallowed the head inside, engulfing the swollen crown in one fell swoop, like she was trying to eat an apple without even taking a bite, just engulfing it whole within her mouth.

But, she did at least taste it, and quite thoroughly so. As soon as the plum was in her mouth she thoroughly washed it with her tongue, licking and lapping away at it now like it was the very best ice cream she had ever tasted.

"Oh yes, yes," her father ardently exclaimed, "that's much, much better, sweetie."

Mrs. Anderson eyes were glazed over with lust, enjoying so much her son's energetic and enthusiastic ministrations. He was really much better at this than she would have imagined. She hadn't experienced this much enthusiasm between her legs since she first went out with Alex, and it brought back quite a bit of wonderfully nostalgic memories, as well as sensations. She reached across the couch to grasp hold of her husband's hand, wanting to share this moment together.

As he took her hand she turned to look at him, to see how well her daughter was doing and was so happy to see that apparently it was going very, very well. She smiled. This was a really marvelous moment for the whole family to share. She opined, with a blissful smile on her face, "It's just like we're all on a family picnic."

Jeff momentarily released his lips and tongue from his mother's cunt, his mouth and cheeks awash with her womanly juices, to say, "Very funny, mother," the sarcasm quite evident in his tone.

Mrs. Anderson just giggled. She considered reminding him that he should never eat with his mouth full, but she knew her kids would consider that to be too corny of a joke, and perhaps it was. Sometimes her jokes were rather old-fashioned.

Mary let the crown of her father's cock pop out of her mouth, gasping for air as she did so. It was now all shiny with her saliva, glistening and twinkling in the air. "Oh my gracious," Mary exclaimed, looking exhausted up at her father, "It's just so big for my mouth." That remark was perhaps over the top but a daughter really can't overdo compliments of her father. Fathers so much enjoy being admired by their daughters.

Mr. Anderson said, expressing his beaming pride more so than offering reassurance, "That's alright pumpkin, you'll get used to it."

Mary was about to add that it was a lot bigger than any of the other boys' penises she has swallowed, but then recalled that she was feigning inexperience with such things.. "I don't know daddy. I'll try," and she returned her mouth to his cock, now sliding her face up and down the shaft, fucking his cock with her face, with her mouth, all the while stroking his shaft with her left hand as she tickled his balls with her right.

Mr. Anderson was duly impressed at how quickly his daughter was catching on. But, then again, she was an Anderson and the Andersons were all quick learners. He did though suggest, "Pumpkin, try to keep looking daddy in the eye while you're doing it. That's always real nice to have eye contact while you're...doing that." The eye contact was perhaps especially nice for him, to see the love and affection in her eyes as she sucked and gobbled on his cock.

Mary smiled, at least to herself. It was kind of hard to smile with a cock in her mouth. But, it just seemed so much like when her father was poking his nose into her ballet lessons, picking away at every little detail, not letting her learn on her own. But, still, this was probably good advice. She looked gaily up into his eyes as her mouth was stretched wide by his cock, the crown bulging out one of her cheeks.

"Much better," her father said approvingly.

Mrs. Anderson was grinding her cunt against Jeff's lips and tongue, encouraging him in particular to focus on her clit. He was at first naturally most interested in her cunt hole, but he soon caught on when it became evident that she really preferred him to use his tongue and lips on her clit. He did though surprise his mother when she felt him actually softly nibble on her clit with his teeth. She suddenly gasped and thrust her cunt even harder against him. She would have to tell Alex about that later, although as soon as she thought that she realized that she probably shouldn't let him know that the idea came from Jeff.

Jeff did at least keep at her hole with his fingers while his mouth concentrated on her clit. He so much enjoyed fingering his mother. Perhaps it was some sort of primeval, subconscious desire to return to the womb. Well, probably not. It was just that he enjoyed making any girl, and particularly his mother, squirm on his finger like a slut in heat.

If this was a family picnic neither of the kids were demonstrating particularly good table manners. The family room was filled with sloppy slushing slurping sounds as Mary and Jeff gobbled, gorged, and gulped at the cunt and cock of their parents.

Jeff though suddenly slipped his finger out of his mother's hole. It was a moment for her to catch her breath, but truly just a moment because he was just shifting it to her little, tighter pink asshole

"Oh my goodness!" Mrs. Anderson exclaimed in shock at the sudden and surprising tickling of her anus, trying to leap from the ticklish intrusion but in the process only further crushing her cunt into her son's mouth.

It was a bold move on Jeff's part, particularly following his mother's explicit disapproval of anal sex. But, he had been tempted previously, staring down at that anus when he was fucking her from behind, and in his own prior experience girls did often like it, particularly when they were already intensely aroused, and his mother was certainly that.

Mrs. Anderson squeezed Alex's hand as she felt her son tickle her anus with his finger. It was such a strange, disconcerting, and yet so very tingly, sparkly sensation. She reached out with her left hand to clutch Jeff's face, his lips, against her cunt, her clit, as she squirmed on his finger. She had to admit that the older generation can learn a few new things from the younger generation.

Jeff did not try to slip a finger up into his mother's butt. That might be going too far. Some things you do have to slowly ease your parents into. And, besides, his mother was a stickler when it came to having your fingers clean when you eat.

"Pumpkin," Mr. Anderson intoned, his voice a little gaspy and breathless, "put daddy's balls in your mouth. Try sucking on daddy's balls."

Whoa! That was in fact something that Mary hadn't done before, and it was a little disconcerting to hear such words coming from her father's mouth. But, she was not a defiant or disobedient daughter, so she dutifully withdrew her lips from his cock, and, leaving a trail with her tongue going down the shaft, her eyes always fixed on his, she traveled to her daddy's balls. Yet, she did hesitate.

"Oh, but daddy, you have such big balls."

He did indeed. Mrs. Anderson smiled when she heard her daughter's concern. That was one thing she did admire in Alex. He was a very fertile man.

Mary opened her mouth as wide as she could and carefully absorbed the first one, looking up at her father through her spectacles with her large green eyes also opened wide, expressing her concern, her fear. There is one thing you don't want to do and that is to bite your daddy's balls. She carefully nudged in the other with her fingers, her cheeks now bulging out like a chipmunk with a couple of really large nuts stuffed into her little mouth.

"Mmmmm," her father approved, "that's very good sweetie," and he reached down to affectionately caress his daughter's engorged cheek, feeling his own balls inside.

Mary smiled through her mouthful up at her father, her eyes now glistening with pride and delight. She did so much like pleasing daddy, and she now had to admit that the younger generation can learn a few new things from the older generation. It was kind of neat taking a guy's balls in your mouth. A guy would certainly have to really trust you to let you do that. She licked and lapped at her father's balls, safely tucked away in the warm, wet hearth of her mouth, all the while still stroking her fist up and down his shaft, which was now traversing and towering across her face.

Another advantage of using her mouth on his balls was that it freed up a hand, which was now down between her own legs, rubbing and pinching (or tweaking as she liked to say), her clit. After the prior session with her father, and now this, she was feeling like she really, really needed some release herself.

Mr. Anderson so much enjoyed having his balls licked. Donna was pretty darned good at it, but he could tell, he could feel, that his daughter had considerable potential as well. He considered suggesting that she also try to deep throat him, but Mary was such a petite girl and he really didn't want to choke his daughter. That might be a bit much, at least the first time.

Mrs. Anderson suddenly pushed Jeff away, gasping, her breasts heaving within her brassiere.

Jeff wondered if she was upset about the anal tickling.

But, Mrs. Anderson realized that the kids should have some fun too. It really isn't good parenting to leave them out of all the fun. It was like that time when they got their kids new bikes for Christmas and they wound up riding the bikes around the neighborhood themselves. Plus, her son needed a reward for introducing her to anal play. "Honey," she said to her husband. "Let's have the kids get just rewards for doing such really fine jobs."

Alex couldn't and wouldn't disagree with that. He assumed that meant that Mary and Jeff would get onto the couch, all of them essentially trading positions. He kind of liked the idea of licking and lapping away at his daughter's shaved cunt. How exciting would it be to actually give your daughter an orgasm, and perhaps it would even be the first time that a guy did that for her. If she hadn't performed oral sex on a guy before, then it seemed unlikely that it had been done for her. But that wasn't what Mrs. Anderson meant.

"Okay, honey," she said, speaking to her daughter, "Get up here on the couch with your mother and the boys can do us." She let go of Alex's hand and patted the couch next to her to make it clear where she wanted her daughter to go.

Alex immediately understood, as his wife did always refer to fucking or screwing as "doing." He was not, of course, disappointed. It would obviously be as much fun, if not more, to actually feel his cock driving in and out of his daughter's tight little shaved cunt.

Mary looked up at her mother, her mouth full with her daddy's balls. It was still a bit difficult for her to get used to her mother speaking this way. But she was certainly very, very receptive to having at least somebody "do her." Frankly, she really, really wanted to get off. And, if she had to choose, she would prefer her father over her brother. She wasn't really sure why she felt that way. Perhaps it was because she couldn't quite tell if Jeff was just taking advantage of her and, well, frankly, the depth of her relationship with her father was much stronger than with her brother. She did love her father very, very much. It was true that they had drifted apart the last few years, but they were now more than making up for that lost time. She carefully released his balls from her mouth and got up on her feet to take her position by her mother.

Mr. Anderson got up to make room, his dick throbbing with lust and desire as he watched his pretty daughter get up from the floor. There was a part of him that was still ambivalent about this. It was perfectly legal, she was eighteen, but not too many fathers slide their cocks up their daughters' cunts. However, Mary's was so awfully, awfully pretty and inviting.

Mrs. Anderson considered turning around, getting on her knees on the couch, and presenting her bottom to her son. But, given his anal tickling she wasn't too sure she wanted to present her anus to him. He might get the wrong idea. She did like the tickling, but she wasn't ready for that next step and, besides, taking her virginity, even if it is just an anal virginity, should probably be reserved for her husband. Plus, this way, facing each other, everyone would be able to see everyone and everything that was going on. That was clearly much better for the family as a whole, being able to share in all of this together. She pulled on her son's shoulders to draw him up off the floor so that he would fuck her.

As Mary sat down next to her mother, she and Mrs. Anderson both stole glances at the cocks of Jeff and Mr. Anderson. They were most definitely evaluating them, comparing them, trying to figure out whose was bigger. It was, though, quite difficult to tell. Mrs. Anderson felt that Jeff's was a bit bigger, but Mary felt that her father's was bigger. Their perceptions could just simply reflect that the one they considered to be bigger was the one that was going to penetrate them.

Jeff and Mr. Anderson quite consciously avoided glancing at each other's cock. Men don't do that in restrooms, and they certainly don't do that when they have sex together. Well, maybe they do, within certain contexts. But, in this context, that of father and son having sex with daughter and mother, respectively, they would respect each other's privacy, at least with regard to the question of whose was bigger.

Jeff bent forward, leaning over his mother, bracing himself with his left hand on the back of the couch, his eyes at first feasting on his mother's bulbous breasts so provocatively bulging up and out of her tight pink brassiere. They never looked better than they did now. He tore his eyes away though to lodge his cock in her thick, fleshy cunt. At first though he just slid his swollen bulb up and down her thick, wet lips, enjoying the feel of her soft warm moist feminine flesh caressing the sensitive nerves of his crown.

Mrs. Anderson though mistook her son's snuggling cock for an inexperienced fumbling, as if he was searching for her hole. Alex had done that the first couple of times they had sex. As she reached down to grasp hold of Jeff's cock she was reminded of those early times with Alex. The memories wafted through her mind with much fondness and endearment as she helped Jeff find the portal to her cunt.

Just like the last time he fucked his mother (how strange really to think that), Jeff would have preferred to do it himself. Parents always seem to feel that their kids need help in just about anything they do; giving advice, instruction, and guidance when none was really needed. However, it was kind of nice watching and feeling his mother's fingers on his cock, fitting his crown snugly into her cunt. Once placed he thrust forward, driving his dick up inside.

"Mmmmm," Mrs. Anderson groaned, her eyes drifting shut at the feel of the young man's stout, stiff dick driving up inside her.

Mary sat back in the couch and spread open her thighs, making ample room for her father. She was also still a bit ambivalent about this. That was perhaps only natural. It was something that she was unlikely to tell her friends, and that fact alone suggested a degree of doubt. She told her friends everything. Well, actually, not everything, particularly when it came to sex. So, maybe this isn't so weird. And, her cunnie was now so inflamed, so swollen, so hot and wet. Plus, her dad's cock looked so wonderful, so big, so powerful. As a little girl she had always perceived her father as a big, strong, and powerful man. It was nice having that feeling once again, and now the impressive power of her father was going to drive right up into her cunt.

Mr. Anderson lodged his cock in his daughter's little feminine furrow. It had been a long time since he had sex with a woman other than his wife. He had certainly never cheated on her, as he loved her, and respected her, very, very much. But, this was not cheating as it was being done with her approval and even in her presence. Plus, it was with his daughter. It was still in the family. And, of course, perhaps the best reason of all: his daughter's elfin slit was so fucking enticing. "Are you ready, pumpkin?"

"Yes, daddy," Mary replied. She gently thrust her pelvis at his cock to affirm the point.

"Let me know if it hurts, pumpkin," her father warned.

"Yes, daddy," Mary replied, and then groaned with lustful excitement as she felt her father's thick truncheon force its way up inside.

"Oh man," Mr. Anderson groaned, as his dick pushed it's way forward, thrusting and straining its way through and past his daughter's resistant and cramped yet soft, moist interior. He had not felt his cock in such a tightly constricted cunt for quite some time, and it was truly wonderful.

There was, of course, no need to be concerned about it actually hurting. This was hardly the first time that a cock had pressed its way into Mary's cunt. She was indeed feeling quite stuffed and engorged, but it was a very good feeling, to say the least. She was feeling truly penetrated, truly fucked. She reached down with her right hand to again tweak her clit as her father thrust his cock in and out of her tightly clenching, gripping, and squeezing soft wet folds.

Jeff was of course enjoying himself just as much. There is perhaps something about fucking one's mother that is so uniquely enjoyable and titillating, watching your mother's face clench and twist with passion, her breasts heaving with lust, the muscles of her womanly cunt squeezing and clenching your cock. She was even using her left hand to caress and squeeze his shaft each time he pushed it back in.

"Fuck your mother," Mrs. Anderson gasped, "fuck mumsy so hard!"

Jeff did precisely that, increasing the rate of his thrusting and humping, giving his mother a good, hard, slamming fuck.

Mr. Anderson increased the rapidity, depth, and force of his thrusts into his daughter's cunt, as he witnessed the acceleration of his son's fucking of his wife. He certainly did not want to be left behind, or at least outdone.

"Oh, daddy!" Mary exclaimed as she felt her father's cock fucking her with even greater intensity and force. She used her left hand to grasp and squeeze her breast, her right to tickle and caressing his big, swinging, and now wet balls.

Mrs. Anderson's breathing was now accelerating as well, her breasts heaving, her body jarring and lurching with Jeff's fucking. She reached out with her right hand to grasp hold of the hand of her daughter, taking her daughter's hand away from her breast to clench the hand of her mother. She wanted to share this wonderful, this exhilarating, moment together: mother and daughter being fucked by son and father. This was now indeed a very closely bonded family.

Mary received and grasped hold of her mother's hand, and fell back into the couch to receive the forceful thrusts and fucks of her father, softly moaning, "Daddy ...daddy ...daddy," with each pounding drive.

The accelerated rate of the fucking did create one potential problem for the father and son: who was going to cum first. If there was one thing in which men take some pride, it's being able to control, to pace themselves, able to last long enough for their partners to cum. Certainly neither one wanted to be the one with the quick trigger finger, shooting off prematurely, before his partner had her orgasm.

Mrs. Anderson didn't helped by stating, or more like gasping, to her daughter, in between Jeff's thrusts, "You know, dear...what a boy really likes...don't you?"

"No, no....mummy," Mary gasped, her voice equally winded and breathless with her excitement, her arousal, her lust. "What... what...is it?"

"Letting him ejaculate...onto your face."

"Mother!" Mary exclaimed, with wantonness and with shock, her eyes widening at just the thought that her mother would suggest such a thing. It's not that she hadn't yet done that herself, or more accurately had it done to her, but hearing it come from the mouth of her own mother was really quite shocking.

Mrs. Anderson was herself a bit surprised at her willingness to make the suggestion, but she did in fact want her son to do it, and she knew how much Alex liked to do it. It wouldn't be right for her daughter and husband to be left out of the fun.

Just hearing the suggestion though put Alex and Jeff both over the edge. Neither had been expecting to be able to do that, and it was clearly quite a treat, even just to imagine.

"Oh, mums!" Jeff exclaimed, feeling himself at the point of no return. He had always called her that when he was a little boy.

"Wonderful!" Mrs. Anderson responded, clenching tightly on his shaft with her cunt as she also grasped hold of it with her hand to draw him out and bring it up to her face. "Bring your cock to mums," she gasped as she pulled him out of her cunt.

Jeff was disappointed that he had not lasted as long as his father. Dad apparently won that one, but perhaps he would give him a rematch in a few days. In any case, disappointment was not the affect he was feeling right now. His mind and body were absorbed in the ecstasy of the arrival of his climax, and he gladly drew his cock out of his mother's cunt and brought it up to her face, guided by her hand that was now wrapped firmly around the shaft, working it like she was pumping for oil.

"Geeeeez," Jeff moaned as he felt the first load surge from his balls up through his shaft and burst from the knob onto his mother's forehead and nose, leaving a big white ropey glob trailing across her face.

"Oh daddy," Mary groaned as she saw the cum blast from her brother's cock onto her mother's face, and her body suddenly twitched and shivered with her own climax, her cunt quivering around her father's dick stuffed deeply up inside, her hand squeezing her daddy's balls.

"Pumpkin," moaned Mr. Anderson, as he felt his body give way to its climax and he quickly ripped his cock from his daughter's convulsing cunt, his balls wrenching away from her fingers, to also bring his cock up to Mary's pretty face, gushing a big, sloppy, full load all over her perky nose, rosy cheek, and pink, pursed lips.

"Oh daddy, daddy, daddy," Mary moaned, feeling her body shuddering with the sweeping tides of her orgasm, her fluids running down her thighs, her father's cum raining and splashing all over her face.

It was a difficult choice for Jeff and Mr. Anderson: which face to watch the most. They naturally focused most intently on the face of their partner, but they were both a sight to behold. Mrs. Anderson's very pretty motherly face being doused with the cum of her son, or Mary's more adorable, innocent face being drenched with the cum of her father.

And, both ladies enjoyed it immensely, not doing anything to try to avoid or minimize the damage. Mrs. Anderson in fact felt her body become swept away climactically with the splashes of her son's hot, sticky, slimy cum gushing and splashing against her lips, cheeks, and even eyes with considerable force. "Oh, Jeff," she moaned in ecstatic euphoria, her body suddenly shivering and quivering with her orgasm, "such a good, good boy."

Mr. Anderson did his best to avoid his daughter's eyes. He didn't want to push this too far, asking his daughter to take on too much, at least not the first time he came on her face. Mary though was clearly a trooper, and he could see by the delighted and contented look on her face that she was enjoying the receiving of her daddy's cum, which was fortunate as he had quite a bit of stuff to deliver, despite cumming once already that evening.

"Daddy, gracious me," Mary gasped, and giggled. It wasn't that she was complaining. She was frankly pleased. It was just that she hadn't expected him to squirt so much again so soon. Apparently her daddy's balls were indeed really very large.

When the two men were finished they paused to admire the sight, as well as to catch their breaths. It was quite a sight indeed. Mother and daughter holding hands, their breasts heaving with passion, their bodies still quivering and twitching, their cunts wet and swollen, their faces doused with globs, ropes, and splashes of cum, now starting to drip off their cheeks and chins.

Mr. Anderson felt that his daughter never looked prettier, and Jeff never felt more closer to his mother than he did now.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I hope you enjoyed it! If you have any suggestions for future episodes I would be most happy to hear them. And, if you took the time to read this (and enjoyed it), please do take the extra time to cast a vote, as that really is quite reinforcing.