The Invisible (Young) Man
byCharles Petersunn©

This story is classified in the science fiction section so, yes, it is not at all realistic. If a story that is pure science fiction is unappealing to you, you should not read this story as you will be very disappointed. Invisibility is, of course, not feasible (the rationale and mechanisms for the invisibility in the current story was obtained through The Invisible Man and subsequently related publications). All of the persons depicted in this story, each of the men and women, are at least eighteen years old. I again thank StoryPal for his very, very helpful editing and suggestions.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Griffin was an undergraduate student at Livingston College. He worked for Dr. Kemp, a physics professor who studied optical densities. Optical density is an expression of the transmittance of an optical element for a given wavelength. The higher the optical density, the lower the transmittance. There were many interesting things you could do with the manipulation of optical densities. Dr. Kemp was experimenting with a transfiguration that would alter the refractive index of light reflecting from organic matter, thus ensuring that light would not bend when passing through, thereby making the cloaked organism effectively invisible.

It was quite the discovery, to say the least. Dr. Kemp, however, could not, of course, claim full credit. Drs. Graeme Milton at Utah University and Nicolae Alexandru Nicorovici at Sydney University of Technology had conducted the most significant preliminary studies. They developed a cloaking device that relied on recently discovered materials used to make super lenses that make light behave in a highly unusual way. Instead of having a positive refractive index, the property which makes light bend as it passes through a prism or water, the materials have a negative refractive index, which effectively makes light travel backwards. When objects are placed behind these super lenses, the light bouncing off them is essentially erased by light reflecting off the lenses, making the object invisible.

Sir John Pendry, a theoretical physicist at Imperial College of London who invented super lenses, said, "Effectively, they are making a piece of space seem to disappear, at least as far as light is concerned."

The key contribution of Dr. Kemp was to produce the lens in a liquid form that adhered and affected only organic matter, thus being able to effectively cloak an organism. He began with the cloaking of small organisms, including the proverbial laboratory mouse, a rhesus monkey, a dog, and even a bird. The cloaking of a parakeet had been a little problematic, as it escaped the cage. He and his assistants were a little concerned about being able to catch the canary, until droppings began to fall out of thin air. Any fluids released by the organism would not themselves be invisible, as they were no longer within the boundaries of the cloak.

There was one limitation though with its application to organisms. As the Russian physicist Dr. Yakov I. Perelman had demonstrated, a person made invisible by Dr. Kemp's method would also be blind, since a human eye works by absorbing incoming light. If the light was refracted, no information would reach the retina.

It was not, however, in insurmountable problem. One would just not coat the corneas, a procedure that had never actually worked that well anyway. The lab animals really didn't seem to like the ointment on their eyes. So, one could just coat the eyelids. If one's eyes were closed, one was invisible. If one opened one's eyes, all that could be seen were two eyes, seeming to float in the air.

Of course, two floating eyes would attract a bit of attention. However, this wasn't a serious problem. The simplest solution was to just place your fingers before your eyes and peek out in between the very small slits of mostly closed fingers. The cloaking would then wrap around the entire body, revealing the refracted light that was behind the body, rather than just behind the fingers. Children often play peek-a-boo this way, feeling like you can't see them when they're covering their eyes with their hands. Well, in this case it was really true. Another person could only barely detect your eyes through your slightly spread fingers, but you could still see quite a bit. It was like having a mobile peep hole, allowing you to peek into (or actually within) any room one wanted. And, if one found that to be too cumbersome or restrictive, one could also hide behind hanging curtains, garments, towels, blankets, or anything else that was sufficiently diaphanous, the only risk being if one's eyes were evident behind the material.

Another difficulty was that the ointment, when wet, was readily removed by rubbing against an object, exposing part of the body and in turn turning that which one was bumping or rubbing against invisible (as long as it was organic material).

However, this was eventually resolved by revising the formula so that it would maintain its effectiveness upon drying, effectively then sealing the body in a resilient invisible cloak. Not surprisingly, however, it would not last forever. In fact, it would wear off in a couple of hours, which did limit its potential. Dr. Kemp was working on a more sustained version.

It was a tremendous relief to Griffin though that it did last only a relatively short period of time when he volunteered to be the first human to be cloaked. Dr. Kemp did not want to go through the Livingston's ethics board to recruit undergraduates as guinea pigs or, as they would be described in the protocol, experimental subjects. For very obvious reasons he wanted to keep the device secret as long as possible. He could not risk the chance of revealing its existence too soon. In addition, and perhaps more honestly, Dr. Kemp wasn't too sure that he could even get the board's approval to conduct a study with humans. He wouldn't be able to assure them that there were absolutely no risks, and it wouldn't be too surprising to discover that they felt that coating the entire body in a cloaking cream must have some potential negative consequences.

So, Dr. Kemp was going to try it on himself, but Griffin convinced him that it was best for it to be somebody else, in case something did go wrong.

Griffin was both thrilled and nervous the first time. He was thrilled in part because he realized that he would now go down in history as the first invisible man. But, of course, he was rather nervous as well. Being invisible was exciting, but the thought of being permanently so was rather disconcerting, if not frightening. Imagine having nobody ever to be able to see you again. How could a doctor treat you? You could be felt, but you couldn't be seen. Who would ever want to marry him? What would his friends say? It would be like you were no longer there, as if nobody ever recognized your presence. No, he was very, very nervous when he first received the treatment, even though he had seen the laboratory animals return into view after only a couple of hours.

It was also a bit tricky putting on the ointment, or at least it was the first few times. Every inch of the body had to be covered. Hair was particularly tricky, and so Griffin eventually just shaved his head. He even shaved off all the rest of his hair, including his pubic hair. He felt a little weird doing that. Getting the entire back done was also difficult, if there was nobody around to help apply the ointment. Getting it all down his butt crack and under his balls wasn't really difficult, but he insisted on taking care of that himself.

But, Dr. Kemp did eventually solve these additional problems by developing a more liquid form of the lens. Griffin would then just immerse himself in a tub, being sure to keep his eyes closed. Once he got out, the entire body was effectively coated. There still might be a few missed spots (e.g., the soles of the feet, which were at times cleaned of the cloaking once he stepped out of the tub and before it dried) but not nearly so many as when they had used the ointment. Plus, the liquid soaked well into the skin, and remained comprehensive in its coverage even when there was bending, flexing, or expanding.

Dr. Kemp realized that he had developed the material for a perfect magic trick. He could make a lot of money with this, and he was quite excited about it. Ever since he was a little boy he wanted to be a magician. But he had always been rather clumsy with his hands. He marveled at the feats of Doug Henning, a bit later Penn and Teller, Lance Burton, and Siegfried and Roy. He enjoyed the tricks of David Blaine and Criss Angel, although he became rather discouraged when he discovered that much of their tricks were due to simple camera work, editing, and actors, rather than true sleight of hand.

There were some other applications for a cloaking device. Intelligence agencies, law enforcement, and private detectives would all be quite interested, for rather obvious reasons. Dr. Kemp though was more excited about the magic tricks.

Griffin, though, had other ideas. He felt that there might also be additional clientele that could be interested in this new product. He considered sharing this revelation with Dr. Kemp, but he thought it best to first conduct his own experiments, his own field studies. That way he could report his proposal to Dr. Kemp with supportive empirical data.

He had his own key to the lab and, one afternoon, a nice spring day, when Dr. Kemp was out of town, he fully immersed himself in the vessel of cloaking fluid, being careful to keep his eyes tightly closed while he worked the liquid into every nook and cranny of his body. He then carefully stepped out and stood before the drying and sealant fan. Once he was thoroughly dry he inspected himself in the mirror for any parts or bits that were not fully covered. There were a few, a couple of spots beneath the crown of his penis, beneath his fingernails, the palm of his hand, the soles of his feet, and down inside the crack of his butt. These were coated and dried. He then initiated the first experiment.

Where would you first go if you were invisible? The homes of your friends to hear what they are saying about you? The homes of your enemies to discover their flaws, failings, and fallibilities? A bank to get money? The toughest, most dangerous part of town to catch thieves, rapists, and murderers? Yes, these were all very attractive options. They all had their good points. But, Griffin was a young man, and there was really no question what would, and should, be on the top of the list. He headed to the university gym for the girls' locker room.

Because it only worked well on organic matter, he could not wear any clothes. Well, he could, but his presence would then be revealed. That would be fine for walking to the gym, but he would then have to hide the clothes. He would also have to somehow cover his face and hands. One possibility would be to wear gloves and to bandage his entire face, as if he had been in some sort of accident. However, this would attract a considerable amount of problematic attention.

Griffin opted to just remain naked, which was not so bad as it was a warm, spring day. Plus, it actually added an additional spice to his experiment. He remembered as a freshman, when he first arrived on campus, having recurrent anxiety dreams of suddenly finding himself naked in a class, or walking to class, not having any idea how he got there. It was as if he had simply forgotten to put on clothes that morning, or somehow they all just disappeared from his body. He would typically wake up soon after the dream began, or more accurately the nightmare, and then breathe a deep sigh of relief realizing that it was only just a dream.

His walk across campus brought back memories of such nightmares. He was at first a bit anxious. What if the cloaking suddenly failed? He would then be within his nightmare, and this time for real. For awhile he had to continually reassure himself that he was indeed invisible, not only by repeatedly saying it to himself, but also by physically checking, repeatedly checking his hands, torso, legs, and feet, for any signs of his actual presence. It was funny. It seemed to make him feel even more naked now that he was entirely shaved, but that was hardly what did in fact make him naked.

He also overdid the hiding of his eyes, just to be doubly sure, by keeping his face, his eyes, turned down toward the ground. When it eventually became apparent that nobody was in fact noticing him, he relaxed, and grew to appreciate how much fun this really was. This was so cool! He grinned broadly but then quickly shut his mouth, realizing that his teeth briefly came into view.

He also learned to keep off the main sidewalks. He couldn't be seen, but he could be felt. A couple of persons bumped into him when he was on the sidewalk, much to their surprise and confusion. By traversing the lawns he avoided crowds. In addition, the grass was much easier on his bare feet, although he could see the indentations of his feet in the grass as he walked along.

In any case, being naked in public was rather invigorating. It was like he was committing repeated, multiple, and sustained acts of indecent exposure, with virtually no cost or penalty whatsoever. His dick swelled with pride and delight in being so brazenly displayed in the open air (he only wished that he could see it!). Of course, this experience lacked the shock and outrage of the other person but there was still something to be said for exposing your penis in public unbeknownst to the other person.

He was reminded of the times when he was young and would surreptitiously play with himself in a class, or while he was at a movie. There was something that was really quite fun and exciting about having an erection in a public place, in a very inappropriate place, and yet nobody was the wiser. Mrs. Jenkins, his teacher, would be lecturing to him about paying more attention, while unbeknownst to her he was sporting a big hard-on within his pants.

Well, this was pretty much like those experiences, but ten times better. He took hold of his cock and squeezed it. He couldn't see it, but he could feel it sticking it with pride, standing up tall in front of all of these girls walking around in their pretty blouses and short skirts. There were, of course, boys walking around as well, but his attention was on the girls. He walked with a quickened pace to the gymnasium, his stiff dick bobbing and weaving before him, a big closed-mouth grin on his face. This was so real, real cool!

Getting into the gymnasium was a bit tricky. There was no way he would be able to go through one of the front doors: too many people to collide with. He did, however, find an unlocked side door. It was then just a matter of carefully maneuvering down the hallways and stairs, but these were not particularly crowded in between classes. He hurried to the girls' locker room to avoid getting caught in a crowd.

Upon his arrival, he hesitated to enter, for two reasons. One reason was simply to provide himself one last chance to back out. If this experiment somehow went wrong, it could go wrong very, very badly. Getting caught within the girls' locker room, naked, with a hard-on, would not look too well on his academic record, to say the least. He would be suspended, if not expelled, and he could kiss his career goodbye. He was risking a great deal, just for the sake of science, for Dr. Kemp's research.

And, for what? It was Dr. Kemp who would benefit most from this experiment, with respect to both fame and fortune. He wondered if Dr. Kemp would truly appreciate how much he was sacrificing.

But, the second reason for his hesitation was simply to pause to enjoy the moment, the moment before a childhood fantasy would become a reality. He was about to enter a place where many girls would undress before him, exposing to him their naked, nude, bare bodies. Perhaps he really wasn't doing this entirely for the sake of Dr. Kemp's research. Or, at least, it wouldn't hurt to actually enjoy doing scientific research.

His hesitation ended when he saw two pretty girls push open the door, their short skirts swinging with their steps, the whiteness of their thighs briefly coming into view, and soon to be open entirely to his personal, private, confidential view. He quickly followed them inside.

He was in.

He felt like he had entered some inner sanctorum, a very special, secret, sheltered snuggery for sweet shower stuff, and none of the members of this private girls' party were the wiser.

Before him stood a bevy of pretty girls, whispering, giggling, chattering, and snickering, and all in various states of undress. Most of them appeared to have recently come out of the shower and were getting dried off and dressed. He didn't know where to look first, or second, or third, or how long to stay in any one spot. There were all sorts and shades of panties: cotton, sheer, lacy, and satin; bikini, boy short, hipsters, briefs, high cut, and thong; and all sorts of girlish brassieres: half-cup, balconette, full support, push-up, sports, minimizer, open-cup, and he even spotted a padded bra sitting on a bench. It belonged to Jenny Andrews, who was sitting right next to it, naked from the waist up!

Jenny was such a cute little thing. He had sat next to her in Dr. Brown's Introductory Algebra class, almost as close as her brassiere was sitting now. He had thought of asking her out, but he heard that she was dating someone. He smiled as he thought about Jenny Andrews apparently wearing a padded bra.

Griffin didn't really understand why she did it. He thought Jenny's little naked titties were really very cute, endearing, and sexy. He gentled fondled his hard cock as he admired how they jiggled and wiggled while she dried her hair. He made a note to himself to be sure someday to compliment Jenny on her figure. She really didn't need any extra size. These titties were a pure delight. In fact, their petiteness added to their appeal, as they looked so cute, so darling, so sweet.

Of course, there was virtually a panoply of breasts, bottoms, and pussies, in all sorts of delectable sizes and shapes. The breasts ranged from the tiniest titties to voluptuous jugs, from the round and firm to jiggly, bulbous, oblong, water balloons.

It was really quite impressive how much they jiggled and shook, like mounds, bags and bowls of sweet, lovely, luscious jello. And, they were all so white, so pure, so private and personal, capped by all sorts of different sizes of nipples. Some were very tiny, some covered lots of area, and some stood out a long ways. He recalled Farrah Fawcett's Playboy layout. He really liked her nipples a lot. They stuck out a long way but covered only a small area. One girl in the shower room particular had really big nips. He really, really liked big nipples. He liked how they would stick way out through a blouse, as if the girl was always aroused and excited, begging to be fondled and suckled. He wondered if he could get away with at least just touching one of them, if not quickly licking it. If he briefly put it between his lips, it would actually disappear. How very strange that would be. But, that would probably be too risky, getting so close and everything. The pussies varied from the hairless to furry bushes, from delicate slits to thick fleshy folds. He marveled at how evolution seemed to make pussies be in so many different shapes and sizes. What was that about, he wondered. It wasn't like guys picked mates on the basis of their pussies. They couldn't even see them, at least in the initial process of mating. But, perhaps in the hunter-gatherer days, or perhaps earlier, in caveman days, women were pretty much naked a lot, and perhaps it was a big basis for mate selection back then.

Maybe that would be one of the curious, unexpected sociological side effects of the cloaking liquid. Guys could be able to discover what their potential future mates pussies would look like. It's not like they weren't affected now by the size of their breasts, their prettiness, how well they took care of their bodies. Advertising agencies might even begin to sell products to help girls' make their pussies prettier, once it became known that guys could get a pretty good luck at them early in the relationship. He surveyed the selection before him, and wondered, contemplated, which girl had the prettiest pussy, as he stroked and fondled his hard cock.

It was such a feast for the eyes, and for his swollen dick. He gripped his cock tightly in his right hand as he so very cautiously peeked through the fingers of his left.

He would have to speak to Dr. Kemp about developing some way of cloaking a camera; a film of this would be so, so nice. For the moment, however, he would have to rely solely on his visual memory, which he attempted to permanently burn into his brain by intently studying the girls' undies, titties, bums, and cunts.

He could easily cum right now, just jerking off to the visual display, but he decided to move in closer, to study one particular girl more closely. At the moment, his eyes lusted most longingly on an entirely naked girl who was fully bent over from the waist, apparently redoing her toe nail polish. She presented such a spectacular pose, with her bottom raised up in the air, as if she was actually presenting herself to him, asking him to shove his stiff, hard cock into those soft feminine lips, peeking out from between her white fleshy thighs. Imagine suddenly fucking a girl from behind, while invisible. Wouldn't that be confusing to her! But, clearly it would be too risky.

Covering his eyes with his fingers, focusing on the tiled floor beneath his feet, he moved in closer, then closer, then closer, then up real close.

She didn't seem to know he was there. He carefully looked up between the tight slights of his fingers.

Her bottom was so, so sweet. It was so delectably round. A girl's bottom was always so appealing, so endearing, so sweet and sexy, particularly when she was naked, and even more so when she was bent over, as it then took on such a full round shape, split by such a tempting crack, like a fresh melon split down the middle for a juicy feast.

She briefly turned her head. It was Janice Weatherbee! He couldn't believe his luck. Janice was such a stuck-up snob, although a really very pretty one. He had in fact asked her out a few times, knowing full well though that she was probably out of his league. But, he obsessively, and probably stupidly, kept trying, interpreting every declination as simply a sign that she just wasn't quite sure, that maybe if he asked her again some other time she would eventually say yes, and once she spent some time with him, she would realize how much she might indeed like him. If she had said that there was one chance in a million that she would go out with him, he might even interpret that as indicating that she was telling him there was indeed a chance. Well, he wasn't that dumb, but he just wouldn't quit trying, and she finally just laughed in his face and said, "Get serious you little toad. Why don't you try the girl's wrestling team," and then strode off, laughing all the way. That did finally end his attempts. He had gotten the message, albeit belatedly.

And now she was presenting her naked bottom to him, just inches from his eyes. 'Goodness,' he thought, 'She has a birth mark on her left cheek.' Wouldn't it be so cool to ask her about it tomorrow! No, no, be cool. The only way he could know about such a thing would be through some sort of criminal act, unless someone realized that he had made himself invisible, and that obviously was rather unlikely, at least not until Dr. Kemp released to the public the news of his invention.

Besides, there were much more pleasing things to see other than her birth mark. His eyes fixed on her rosebud, peeking out from between her cheeks. It was so curly, so naughty, so cute and so inviting. He smiled, being careful not to open his mouth.

He did though reach out and lightly flick her puckered little anus with the tip of his finger.

"Oh!" She squealed, quickly bringing a hand back to her offended orifice and turning around, trying to discover who would do such a thing. But, apparently there was nobody there.

Griffin stepped back as quickly as she had turned, his smile growing broader, albeit all the while being sure to keep his lips sealed. He watched with delight as those full round boobs of Janice shook and wiggled with her sudden movement. He was about as delighted as she was confused.

How very odd, she thought. She was certain she had felt someone, something, touch her there, but there was nobody back there, behind her. Maybe it was a fly or something? 'How gross,' she thought, thinking about a fly, or any insect, landing on her anus. She instinctively squeezed it shut.

With her turning around, Griffin now delighted in the sight of the front view of Janice's cunnie. It was as alluring as she was pretty. She had a landing strip: a rectangular strip of trimmed hair ending at her pussy lips, which were otherwise entirely shaved. Her unshaved pussy slit looked so vulnerable, so defenseless, and so enticing. Griffin hid his eyes with his left hand and reached way out to lightly touch her clitoral hood.

Janice quickly clutched her hands to her cunnie. She knew she was feeling something. Wasn't she? What the heck was this? She scratched herself down there. Perhaps it was just some sort of an itch. She thought, 'If that Billy Bagdowns gave me some sort of STD, he was in big trouble!'

Griffin quickly flicked one nipple and then the other.

"No!" Janice exclaimed, shifting her hands from her cunnie to her breasts, clutching them tightly. Sometimes the sight of a girl clutching her own breasts, squeezing their full softness, was more erotic than simply being able to see their full nakedness. Griffin clutched his own stiff cock, squeezing it hard as Janice squeezed her naked breasts, for the moment leaving her sweet hairless cunt open to his eyes.

He did, though, back further and further away. She was looking around very carefully while her hands were feeling, exploring, her personal spots, trying to rub away the memory of the strange flicking sensations. It actually looked like she was playing with herself, stimulating herself.

Griffin backed further away. He didn't want to press his luck. She might catch a glimpse of his eyes peeking through his fingers. He moved a good distance away.

A pair of sheer panties hung over a towel bar. It was either hanging there to dry or perhaps this is what they did in a girls' locker room for lost and found. He wouldn't know. What he did know is that they would serve well to hide his eyes. He positioned himself behind them.

It was really quite wonderful, peeking at such deliciously naked and half-naked young feminine flesh through diaphanous pink panties. It was like the girls were all purposely, willfully, putting on a show just for him, the kind of show that had been in his dreams, his fantasies, but was now entirely for real. He breathed in the feminine scent of the panties as he gazed at the pink haze of luscious flesh through the pretty pink curtain and stroked his cock.

It wouldn't take too much longer. Actually, he could make himself cum pretty fast, but he wanted it to last as long as possible, to perhaps cum just as the last girl double-checked the straps of her brassiere before finally leaving the locker room. He could then safely let his cum spray out across the floor.

Once his cum left his body, it would not be cloaked. Any girl would be able to see it. It would be best to wait until there were only a couple of them left in the room. He sighed deeply as he felt his balls churning, tightening against his body, as his fist slid up and down its length as he watched another preciously pretty girl carefully trim the hair of her pussy, her thighs spread wide open, the lips of her pussy so pink and fleshy. But, then, there was this other girl, little Mary Anne. She was such a cute, petite, little thing, and the sight of those perky bubbies was so darling, so endearing. He wondered if he should perhaps shoot off onto them. She was such an innocent girl that having a man cum all over her girlish puppy titties would be such a shock. Perhaps a delightful one? He looked down at his cock, intending to enjoy the sight of its full thick stoutness, as he often did when he jerked off at home. But, for a moment there he had forgotten the fact that he was unable to see it.

But, he did see it, sort of. He couldn't actually really fully see it, but he did see a misty outline of parts of it. His eyes checked elsewhere, and he quickly realized that he could also see the outline of parts of his leg, his arm, his chest. It wasn't the actual parts. It wasn't his skin. It was this sort of watery image.

It was the mist from the shower room! Tiny, minuscule, droplets of water were falling onto, adhering to, his skin, gradually accumulating to the point that they were beginning to form a visible outline of his body, a misty, watery shape of his body.

Griffin gasped in fright and dashed into the towel room adjoining the locker room, ignoring the fact that his bare feet were making a considerable amount of noise as he ran across the tiled floor. But, it wasn't really that risky, as the sound of his bare feet was hardly distinguishable from the many other bare feet that were pattering around, along with all the talking and giggling. The girls' locker room literally echoed with feminine giggles and chatter.

Once in the towel room, Griffin felt reasonably safe, as he was alone. He inched around behind a table that was covered in folded towels, quickly slipped the top one off, knelt down, and thoroughly dried himself, being sure to get every single inch and centimeter.

He didn't go back into the locker room. Well, he did, but only as a means to get to and through the exit. Once out of the building he scampered around to the back and stood for awhile in the sun, holding out his arms and hands, turning around and around, until he felt thoroughly confident that he was in fact completely dry. He made his way back to the lab, repeatedly checking himself to be sure that he was remaining cloaked.

In one important regard the experiment was a failure. He had not had his ejaculation. But, he had learned a great deal, and that was the primary purpose of experiments, wasn't it?

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

As a young scientist, he did not give up. He did not let this minor setback thwart his effort to discover the true benefits of being invisible. For his next experiment he went to a place that would lack comparable difficulties with humidity.

It was the Delta Nu sorority house. Delta Nu was known to have some of the most attractive girls on campus (see "Five Steps to Delta Nu"). He had never before been inside a sorority house. He had to imagine that it would be terribly revealing. He felt like a spy, going undercover, infiltrating an enemy's headquarters but, of course, sorority girls were not the enemy. They would, however, hold secret treasures and sorority girls did often seem terribly mysterious, even foreign. Griffin imagined that he would learn a great deal going undercover into one of their private shelters.

He arrived in the evening, hopefully just a few minutes before it was time for bed, or for whatever girls did together in the late evening hour. He imagined pillow fights in undies, or perhaps he would even see an initiation of a new pledge. He smiled, and his cock swelled, at the thought of seeing a pretty girl being bent over for a spanking. Perhaps the other girls wear nighties when they spanked the upturned naked bottom of a pledge. Or, maybe they have the pledge mount a big rubber dildo while they spanked her! Well, his fantasizing was getting the better of him. Nothing like that would ever really happen (see "Five Steps to Delta Nu").

He smiled broadly as he quietly entered the house, right behind two of the sisters, who carefully locked the door behind them. His cock was already stiffly standing up. These two girls were so pretty. He felt like poking them in their butts with his dick, but he knew it was best to err on the side of caution. He quickly distanced himself from them, not wanting to accidentally bump into them. He explored the rest of the house with considerable expectation and anticipation. His heart was racing with excitement.

As he explored room after room his excitement gradually turned into disappointment, frustration, and then even some boredom. There was nothing going on in any of these rooms! The girls in the study were doing just that, studying. The girls in the living room were just sitting around, talking. He stood there for awhile, stroking his cock in the middle of the room, as the pretty girls chatted all around him, oblivious to the fact that there was this naked guy in their midst, jerking off right in front of them.

But, even that lost its appeal after awhile. There's only so long one can listen in on girls' conversations. It was like he was stuck on an elevator jammed with girls all yammering on their cell phones. It was enough to lose his erection, although it would be kind of fun to ejaculate onto the carpeting. That might silence them, all of them staring silently at the odd splats on their fine thick rug. His erection swelled with that thought, but there had to be something more to a sorority house than just girls talking.

He left the living room for the basement, his hard cock bobbing and weaving before him, like it was his own divining rod, searching for erotic femininity, and it led him to the basement.

But, there was nothing down there. One girl was listening to CDs by headphone, while a few others were eating popcorn while watching a DVD movie, Legally Blonde. He had never seen the movie himself as it was rather old, and he didn't understand why the girls were so excited about it.

He considered jerking off into the popcorn bowl. That would be funny. But, that would certainly reveal his presence. They would figure that there must be some guy in the house, and they may even have some sort of emergency lock down. He left the basement, divining rod beginning to wilt.

There was, of course, the bedrooms upstairs. There had to be something of interest within sorority girl bedrooms. He silently and furtively made his way up the stairs.

The immediate difficulty he faced was the fact that most of the bedroom doors were closed. A few of them with open doors did have a girl in them, but nothing obviously appealing. If there was something interesting going on, it would naturally be behind closed doors.

He knocked on one door. If someone answered he would just move away. But, then, of course, he wanted someone to be there. He realized that he had not fully thought this through. He decided that if there was no answer, he would open the door, being ready to dash off if there was in fact someone in the room, likely to be mystified by the door apparently opening by itself.

He knocked. No answer. He carefully entered the bedroom and shut the door behind him.

He turned on the light, and grinned. He was stark naked in the private bedroom of a Delta Nu girl. That was itself rather appealing. He explored every nook and cranny.

He went over to the vanity table. The carpeting was really quite nicely lush and thick. It felt really nice on his bare feet. The vanity mirror and table was an alter of femininity. It was littered with different shades of nail polish, a hair brush, hair spray, hand lotion, brush powder blush, lipstick, high impact mascara, lips plump and shine kit, kohl shaper for eyes, and a fresh bloom allover color; all Clinique. There was also Clinique elixir body cream, body smoother, and body wash, and three or four Clinique perfumes, although he wasn't really sure what was what. There was also a music box, an aroma candle (shaped as a little orange mouse), a stack of Cosmopolitans, an In Style special edition on Faith Hill (and another one on Renee Zellweger), a stuffed teddy bear, a victory cup with pens adorned with pink puffy fluff, and excessively ornamented and highly colorful picture frames, with pictures of girls at some parties, one of a boy (very good looking), and Chihuahua wearing a white sweater. Actually, there was a lot more. He did briefly consider trying some of the lotion on his hard cock, but then realized that it would no longer be invisible.

He went over to the bed and lay down on the thick pink coverlet, adorned with little yellow daisies, and inspected the rest of the room. Much of it was also pink, and very, very feminine. He played with himself as he surveyed the room; the dresser, also cluttered, including pictures (more of that Chihuahua), another stuffed bear, and a pink fortune-telling cootie catcher. There was also a very comfortable looking Florenza slipper chair covered with stuffed animals, including Tigger and Winnie the Pooh, rose, violet and pink throw pillows (all over the place), flowery curtains, and lots of different blouses, skirts, pants, tops, t-shirts, and even panties and brassieres, lying all over the place. His eyes fixed particularly on these. It was really too much to absorb in one sitting. He knew he was where he shouldn't be, and certainly he wasn't dressed as he should be, and that was precisely the pleasure. His cock felt so good to the touch.

But, he then realized that the most feminine things of all would be hidden away. He leaped from the bed and made his away over to the dresser.

It didn't take long for him to find a drawer full of very colorful, sexy panties. His cock swelled further as he explored the treasure trove of personal feminine delights. There was pink cotton, green silk, yellow satin, and blue lace, and they were all sorts of different styles and types. He even felt he could detect a wonderfully delightful scent emanating from the feminine feast, perhaps remnants of perfume or the potpourri sitting on the dresser. It didn't matter. It was all good. Perhaps it would be nice to actually jerk off into one of them, and then leave it in the drawer? Actually, he probably should take it with him, but how could he do that? He could stuff it into his mouth, but certainly not after he had cum into it.

The door was opening! He quickly shut the drawer, hid his eyes, and moved off to a corner of the room.

It was two Delta Nu sisters. The first girl reached instinctively to turn on the light, but then noticed as quickly that she must have left it on.

"Sarah, I bought the cutest panties this week. I really want you to see them."

That immediately had Griffin's attention.

"Patty, you already have so many panties. Why do you keep buying more?"

"But, they're so pretty. Here, you must see them."

Sarah modestly closed the bedroom door as Patty raised her skirt.

Patty was a pretty redhead with long, straight hair, which was complemented well by her floral red print blouse and short red skirt. When she raised her skirt, she modeled for Patty a string bikini panty. The front was a pastel light blue, the back, or bottom, was a pastel rose. They were so tight that Patty's camel toe was very evident.

"Oh my, Patty, those are really so pretty. You always have such nice panties."

"Would you like to borrow some? I really do have a lot, and we are the same size."

They were indeed. Both were very petite girls, although Sarah was clearly much more endowed up top than Patty. Sarah had wavy blonde hair, with very alluring oval blue eyes, large fluttering eyelashes, a perky nose, rosy red cheeks, and full pink lips.

"Oh yes!" Sarah exclaimed, "We can have a panty party!"

Griffin had never heard of that. A panty party would seem to be an urban legend of adolescent boys but, here he was, witnessing one in reality, in person. Yes, going undercover within a sorority house was revealing some interesting secrets. He wondered if he could even conduct an anthropological study of sorority sisters. Or, perhaps have a website devoted to the uncovering of the many secrets of sorority sisters. Wouldn't that be popular! Yes, there was quite a bit of potential in being invisible. He stroked his cock as Patty scampered over to her dresser.

She opened the drawer that he was just moments ago inspecting, and removed a pair of blue silk hipsters. "Oh, here, try these on. I really like them, they're so shiny."

"Oh yes, yes. Those are cool." Sarah moved over closer to Griffin to give herself room to change. She bent over and reached underneath her skirt to remove her rather traditional, plain white cotton panties. She let them slip down to her ankles, and then stepped out.

"Here," Patty said, "lift up your skirt and I'll slip them on for you."

Yes, this is what he was hoping to find within a sorority house. Griffin moved out of the corner, away from Sarah, over to the curtains, and slid behind one of them. The curtain moved a bit with his movement but the window was open. It could have simply been a breeze. He was pleased to discover that he could easily see through the sheer, pink curtain.

Sarah lifted up her skirt to reveal to Griffin's eyes the prettiest pussy he had ever seen. Actually, that wasn't really true. He had seen quite a few very pretty pussies in the locker room, but if he rank ordered them Sarah's would be ranked pretty darn high.

Sarah was fully shaved, and all that was there was a small, virginal white pouch, slit at the bottom like someone had just cut a small crevice into a ripe peach.

"You have the prettiest pussy, Sarah."

"Shut-up, Patty. You're embarrassing me." She gave Patty a playful kick, but she kept the skirt raised, letting Patty, and Griffin, admire her prettiness. Girls did like feeling pretty, and having their prettiness appreciated and admired.

"Oh, but it's true. You know it. It's so pretty it really should be kissed."

'Oh please kiss it, please kiss it, please kiss it,' thought Griffin, his hand working up and down his cock, the curtain rustling a bit. Griffin again figured that the little movement could be mistaken for a breeze.

"Don't you tease me, Patty Johnson." She spread her thighs a bit, giving Patty more room, if perhaps she was in fact serious about it.

Griffin wondered if he should feel at all guilty about this. He was, after all, in a private bedroom. They probably wouldn't like it if they knew a guy was looking at them. But, he obviously didn't have to tell them. That would be mean, even cruel, and he had no intention of doing that. When he published his report, co-authored with Dr. Kemp, of course, he would certainly disguise the name of the sorority, although he wondered if his description would give it away. He would have to visit a few others, just to be sure that any one of them would not be identifiable and, besides, a broader sampling would be more informative for the report. There could in fact be considerable variation in sorority girl panty parties.

Patty got down on her knees before her sorority sister and said, "Step out of your heels so you can slip the panties on."

Sarah was disappointed that Patty did not in fact kiss her, although probably not as much as Griffin.

But, she did as Patty requested, and then stepped into the silk panties.

Patty pulled them up her calves, up to her knees, and then all the way past her thighs and over her bottom.

Sarah raised her skirt even higher to give Patty room. It felt a little funny to have another girl put on her panties, but the sisters of Delta Nu did many things together. They were just like real sisters, and sisters helped each other with their make-up, their hair, their outfits.

Patty pulled the panties up really snug so that the front clung tightly to Sarah's cunnie. She leaned back on her haunches to admire her work, her panties, and Sarah's tightly wrapped cunnie. "Oh yes, they're really very pretty on you. They look much better on you than me. You'll have to just keep these."

"Oh Patty, I can't take your panties," but these were obviously quite expensive panties and she would so much like to have them.

"No, really, you look incredibly awesome in them. You have such a pretty camel toe, Sarah."

"Shut-up Patty!" Sarah exclaimed. "Don't talk like that!"

Patty smiled up at her, knowingly, "But, you know it's true."

"Well, you have a very pretty camel toe, too, Patty."

"You're just saying that."

"No, no really. I saw it when you first showed me your new panties."

Griffin had heard girls trading compliments before, with respect to a dress, hairdo, fingernail polish, shoes, purse, blouse, belt, eyeliner. Actually, there seemed to be no end to it. There wasn't any detail that a girl wouldn't notice in another girl's outfit, appearance. Apparently they went further when they were alone. This would make for such a cool report for Dr. Kemp, and certainly good for his website: Secrets of the Sorority.

Patty got back on her feet and raised up her skirt to look for herself. "Do you really think it's pretty?"

Griffin stopped stroking himself for awhile. He knew he had to pace himself. He just let his stiff cock bob in the cool spring air by the window.

"For sure, Patty. Look how soft and delicate it is. I think it needs a kiss too."

'Oh please kiss it, please kiss it, please kiss it,' thought Griffin. His hand immediately returned to his cock as he, and Sarah, admired Patty's camel toe. If she kissed it he would have to cum. He would just have to jack off to completion if Sarah began to kiss it.

Patty responded, "Let's try on some more."

Griffin groaned in frustration.

"What was that?" Sarah asked.

"What?"

"That noise. I thought I heard someone."

"Sarah, don't be silly. We're on the second floor."

"Well, maybe you should shut the window and close the curtains."

"Oh don't be silly, Sarah. It's much too nice tonight. Don't you think the spring breeze is wonderful?"

"Yea, well, what if some guy was looking through the window?" Sarah was feeling a little self-conscious.

Patty looked toward the window as well, and then back at Sarah, and said flirtatiously, "Yes, and wouldn't that be nice?"

"Patty, you dirty girl!"

Patty strolled over to the window, over to Griffin. He froze in mid-stroke. She raised her skirt, showing anyone outside who might happen to be walking by, and showing Griffin, who was standing right in front of her, her new pretty panties and camel toe. "I think it might be kind of nice to have a boy here with us, watching us, watching as we try on our panties."

"Patty, you're crazy!"

Patty was a bit of a scamp. "We could try on all sorts of different panties while he sat there, watching us, perhaps even playing with himself."

"That's gross!" Apparently Sarah wasn't as interested in exhibitionistic play as much as Patty.

Patty reached down to softly slide a finger up and down her panty slit. "He would get so excited, stroking his big manly cock as he watched the two pretty girls showing him their panties."

Griffin grabbed hold of his own cock and followed her lead, her suggestion. For a brief moment he even considered speaking up. But, he knew she probably wasn't being serious and, besides, perhaps they might have some difficulty with the fact that he was invisible.

For a moment, he and Patty looked into each other's eyes, or at least he looked into hers, as she stroked his cock and she played with her slit, looking out into the night air.

Sarah though broke the spell. "Patty, stop that! Get away from that window!"

Patty let her skirt drop back down and she returned to the dresser drawer to find another pair of panties. She pulled out a pair of pink boyshorts with lacy rose trim. "I just love boyshorts. They wrap around your bottom so snugly. Here," she said, handing them over to Sarah, "put these on."

"Oh, no, no, Patty, you should put those on. You have a much better bottom than me."

Patty smiled modestly. "No I do not. Don't say such things. Do you really think so?" She looked back over her shoulder. "I think it's too chubby."

"Chubby? My gosh, Patty, you have the perkiest, firmest fanny I've ever seen. Please, be real. C'mon, you put them on."

"Well, okay," Patty said, blushing at Sarah's enthusiastic compliments of her bottom. She did in fact feel that her bottom was rather appealing. It was perhaps her best feature, but she did also feel that she could, should, lose some weight.

She reached under her skirt to grasp hold of and remove her string bikini panties. She bent way over by the waist as she pulled them down. She was purposely providing Sarah with a very flirtatious presentation of her bottom, which rose up as she bent over.

Griffin cursed his unfortunate luck that she was facing Sarah to show Sarah her bottom. If a boy was there, she would probably have poked her bottom back at him. But, then again, he realized that he should be grateful for what he was in fact seeing rather than feeling sorry for himself over what he was missing. Not too many guys would have a front row seat to this. And, besides, his angle also had its own appeal. He did like the view of seeing just the top of her split hillocks rising up beyond her back, teasingly suggesting, hinting, at how wonderful the view would in fact be from behind.

Patty took her time getting her panties off her ankles, turning and wiggling her bottom as she apparently struggled to get them untangled. She could have made it easier by first taking off her heels, but she liked having the excuse to pose her bottom longer for Sarah and, besides, she certainly wanted to be wearing her heels when she evaluated the fit of the boyshorts. Heels do help make panties look nice on your bottom.

Once she finally had them removed, she stood back up and held out the boyshorts to Sarah. "Will you help me put them on?"

Sarah smiled. Patty was such a scamp.

Griffin would certainly like to help. He let just the tip of his cock touch the curtain as he slid his fist up and down the shaft. It nicely tickled the tip. If he actually shot off onto the curtain, it might not in fact be detected, at least not immediately. The curtain moved a bit, but, again, it could just be a breeze.

Sarah knelt down to help Patty step into the panties. Patty placed a hand on Sarah's shoulder to steady herself.

When the panties were just up to her ankles Patty said, "Wait," and turned around, taking awkward little steps with the panties around her ankles, turning so that her back, or more importantly, her bottom, faced Sarah. She then bent over and flipped up her skirt, presenting her little round naked fanny right in front of Sarah's eyes. If that wasn't enough, she wiggled and waggled her bottom, ostensibly to help Sarah pull the panties up her calves and thighs.

It was a very sexy sight, and Griffin slowly, carefully, inched his way from behind the curtain, quickly shifting his right hand to his eyes to keep them well hidden. He knew he was taking a pretty big chance, as the bedroom was not large. He quietly worked his way to stand behind Patty, and Sarah, and once there he was fully rewarded for his bravery, as Patty's bottom was indeed a very endearingly cherubic sight, and with her fanny up pose, he was also greeted by the sight of her cunnie pouch peeking out between her thighs. Like Sarah, she was also hairless. Griffin wondered if it was a requirement of Delta Nu sisters to be fully shaven. Wouldn't it be so nice to see them all together on a Saturday morning, standing in line for house mother inspection, all having their naked, freshly shaven pussies checked. He squeezed hard on his cock with his left hand.

Sarah though blocked his view as she got up close to Patty's bottom to slip the boyshorts over her bottom curves. She gave Patty a few playful, affectionate pats on her bottom before she covered it up. And, she took her time making sure that it was a good snug fit, pulling the waistband up tight so that they hugged her fanny and revealed the bottoms of her cheeks. Boyshort panties were particularly sweet in that regard. It was like they were a size too small. Sarah even reached down into, in between, Patty's thighs to be sure the panties hug snugly Patty's cunnie pouch, or at least that was the ostensive purpose, as she was also feeling, fondling, and caressing Patty's pussy.

"Sarah!" Patty squealed in protest, but the big smile on her face and her giggle made it quite clear that she didn't really object. In fact, she bent over further and opened her thighs wider to give Sarah more room. "What are you doing back there?"

"I just want to be sure they fit snugly. You don't want them to chaff or anything, do you?"

"No, no, of course not," Patty sighed.

Sarah continued a bit longer to fondle and caress Patty's cunnie through the panties, as Patty whimpered with pleasure.

Griffin tried to get a better look, but he had to suddenly leap back when Sarah lost her balance and fell backward, almost crashing right into Griffin.

Patty and Sarah giggled over Sarah's misfortune. Griffin nervously shifted away from them, his heart pounding in apprehension, his dick straining with arousal.

"C'mon," Sarah said, as she got back up onto her feet. "Let's compare." She went over to Patty's large oval beveled wall mirror, turned her back to it, bent over, and tossed her skirt up over her back.

Patty cheerfully followed her over. It felt like two young girls comparing dress-up outfits before their mother's big mirror, but there was an important difference, notably evident when Patty bent over beside Sarah and tossed her skirt up over her back as well.

They both giggled like school girls as they viewed their upraised bottoms in the mirror.

Griffin felt a moment of panic as he looked into the mirror, briefly doubting Dr. Kemp's declaration that mirrors would have no impact on the effectiveness of the cloaking, like a sort of reverse-vampire thing. Actually, it wasn't at all like vampires not being able to provide a reflection. The refraction of the light in this case was quite real, and it was understandable to think that a reflection of a refraction could be quite disruptive. He carefully studied the mirror for any sign of himself. There was none (except for his eyes peaking out in two very, very small slits). He returned his attention to the two girls. When he saw them giggling at their reflected bottoms, wiggling their derrieres provocatively at the mirror, his fears washed away, and he had such an urge to finish off his masturbation right then, to go up to them and explode his cum onto their heads, their hair, and when they turned to look at what was raining down on them, where it was coming from, onto their faces. It would be so wonderfully playful and erotic. He could then suddenly dash from the room.

They wouldn't see him. They wouldn't be able to identify him. And, they certainly wouldn't conclude that some invisible guy came on their faces. Who would believe that? They wouldn't believe it themselves. They would just say that somehow they missed him, he moved so fast. That maybe he was hiding all the time beneath the bed and then suddenly, somehow, squirted his sloppy slime on their faces as he dashed by, the cum effectively preventing them from seeing him as he hurried out the door.

He began to work on his cock more vigorously, albeit being careful not to make too much noise. Frankly, he shouldn't make any noise, but the girls' laughter, talking, and giggling did drown out the sound of hand sliding up and down cock.

"You see!" Sarah asserted. "Your bottom is so much prettier than mine. Look how perky it is."

"Yes, well," Patty countered, "Yours is so much rounder and fuller. It's like a pretty blue pumpkin."

"Shut-up!" Sarah exclaimed and slapped Patty's bottom.

"Hey, stop that!" Patty responded, and gave Sarah a return slap on her bottom.

Griffin slapped his meat more vigorously, feeling himself on the verge, and then they all heard the knocking on the door.

Patty and Sarah quickly stood back up straight as the door opened and a girl peeked around the partially opened door to announce, "C'mon, c'mon!" She squealed. It was Bree Olson. Griffin recognized her. She was so incredibly pretty, and hot. She was a petite girl with long, wavy blonde hair, large brown eyes, creamy smooth skin, lovely dimples, a perky nose, and a wonderful smile. Her voice was itself a delight, so cute and feminine. He couldn't see them right now, but she also had really big tits. "You're going to miss Gossip Girl," she exclaimed and then dashed off to the next room.

"Oh my, yes," Patty exclaimed, "Blair's going to get back at Nelly tonight!"

In an amazing display of distractibility, Sarah and Patty quickly forgot about their panty party and turned their attention to the latest episode of one of their favorite television shows. Patty kicked off her heels as they dashed from the room, slamming the door behind them.

Griffin just stood there, nonplussed, holding the bag, or more accurately, his cock. He considered finishing himself off, perhaps cumming on Patty's discarded panties. That would be fun. He certainly felt like he needed to cum.

But, he also wanted his first invisible man cum to be more memorable than simply just jerking off onto a girl's panties on her bedroom floor. Heck, he had done that in his sister's room growing up. He was disappointed.

He carefully opened the door a crack and peeked out into the hallway. The hall was empty. It was safe. He slipped out of the bedroom and quietly shut the door behind him. He considered trying another room, but it was likely that all of the girls were now watching television. In any case, he was uncertain that he wanted to take any more chances. He had almost got caught a couple of times in Patty's bedroom, and it was perhaps time to return to the lab, record his notes of the experience, the experiment, and get dressed as his the cloaking wore off.

However, when back on the commons, on the way to the lab, he came upon Janice Weatherbee. His interest, his optimism, his enthusiasm for his exploration of life as the invisible man quickly returned, as did the swelling of his cock. She was so incredibly hot. Didn't he already say that about a girl? Actually, a lot of girls looked incredibly hot to him. But, right now, she looked especially hot, and his memory of her in the shower room, the memory of her naked bottom, breasts, and cunt, flooded back.

He reversed direction and followed her, closely behind. He didn't know where she was going, but he enjoyed the sight of her swaying bottom as she went.

He smiled (mouth closed), enjoying the fact that he could openly stare at her butt all the way across campus, his cock waving and weaving in the evening spring breeze. If she only knew.

He followed her all the way back to her dormitory, which was precisely in the wrong direction he should be traveling. The lab was back near the sororities and fraternities. But, it was a nice night for a stroll in the nude. He walked with some pride as his stiff cock bounced up and down as he strolled behind Janice, admiring her behind. It was like his stiff dick was leading him along, like it was magnetized by her swaying bottom.

Getting through the front door of the dorm was not difficult. The elevator though was a bit tricky. Janice was the first to get in, followed by two more girls, followed by him. There was a brief, momentary confusion for the girls as the door suddenly stopped and slid back open, apparently for no reason at all.

Fortunately, there was sufficient room for him. Janice was standing to the left, by the floor button panel. The two other girls were toward the back. He moved quickly to the right, pressing himself up tightly against the wall. It was a little risky, perhaps a lot risky, as he had no room to escape. But, as long as everyone remained in their current positions, and nobody else got in, he would be fine. Actually, what if someone else got on? He briefly panicked at the thought as the elevator door closed, and he was trapped in the small room.

As the elevator slowly proceeded up the shaft he kept saying to himself, 'Please, nobody else get on, nobody else get on, nobody else get on.' And, nobody did. There was actually little reason for persons to get on after they left the lobby and the mezzanine. A student could visit another student in a floor above, but that did not generate a lot of traffic, particularly as there was four elevators to choose from.

The two girls got off on the fourth floor, and as they exited the elevator Griffin pressed his cock back against his abdomen. It would not be good if they happened to brush against it as they were walking out. He almost cursed himself for having such a big erection, or at least it felt rather big in this context. There were perhaps times that was a problem.

When the door closed he was alone with Janice.

It was really kind of strange, being alone with a girl on an elevator, with her not having any knowledge of his presence. Equally important, he was stark naked. He held his breath as he felt his cock, not wanting to take a chance on her hearing his breathing in the deep silence and solitude of the elevator. For perhaps the first time in his life, he cursed the absence of elevator muzac. She though just stood there with a blank, indifferent expression, just staring at the door, waiting patiently to arrive at her floor. She was such a pretty girl. He could not wait to get into her bedroom. He softly felt his erection, considering the possibility of having it lightly touch her hand.

He followed her off the elevator onto the eighth floor of the dormitory tower, his heart beating in anticipation. But, she didn't go to her room. She instead went to the lavatory.

He paused. It was very tempting to follow her in. How many guys have wondered what actually goes on in the girls' bathroom. There could be all sorts of things to see. He might even take a pee. But, he wasn't too enamored with the idea of walking around a lavatory in his bare feet. A girls' lavatory would probably be a lot more sanitary than a boys' lavatory, but it still didn't sound too good. Plus, he wasn't actually into water sports or anything. Any, frankly, most importantly, she was probably going to the bathroom and he didn't want to violate her privacy. He would feel bad about that. He waited respectfully for her outside, dodging other girls who were coming up and down the hall.

By the time Janice returned, his cock was largely deflated. Nevertheless, he knew things would get better when he got to her room. He gleefully followed her down the hall.

His heart began to race as she unlocked her door and stepped in to turn on the light.

He dashed in behind her, before she turned to shut the door. It was actually very close. In fact, he did brush the door a bit, but it didn't seem to trouble her.

However, he probably didn't have to hurry, as she held the door open a bit to retrieve the sign on the inside doorknob. It read, "Do not disturb." She switched it to the outside knob. She pressed the button on the inside doorknob to lock it, and then shut the door.

She apparently had a roommate, which was rather apparent when he looked around and saw two twin beds. He immediately moved over to a far corner of the room, trying to distance himself from anything she might want to use or touch. Of course, being in a corner wasn't too good either. He might be literally cornered.

This bedroom wasn't nearly as cluttered, decorated, or finely furnished as Patty's, but he was much more interested in Janice than in the decor and furnishing. He had a sort of relationship with Janice, or at least he sorely wanted one.

Janice didn't provide any threat with regard to accidentally bumping into him. In fact, she went right to her bed and lay down.

Griffin's thoughts were beginning to race. Was she about to do what he was thinking, what he hoped? Was she? She was probably just going to study. That's why she hung the 'No Disturb' sign. But, why was she reclining on the bed to do that? He always just fell asleep when he tried to study that way. Maybe she was going to take a nap? No, nobody takes a nap in the evening.

Janice answered his question. She lay back comfortably in the bed and began to softly caress and fondle her breasts with her hands through her blouse.

Griffin shook his head in wonder and disbelief. This was so very cool. They were going to make a lot of money with the cloaking fluid, or at least Dr. Kemp was. Perhaps though he could convince Dr. Kemp that he manage the sales to the fraternities? He stepped up to the foot of Janice's bed so that he would have the best vantage point.

He would have to admit that he wasn't really into watching girls masturbate. It didn't really do that much for him in porno movies. He would normally just skip those scenes to get to the other stuff, the real sex.

But, this was pretty much different in very important ways. First, it was for real. Watching a girl masturbate for real, in the privacy, or presumed privacy, of her bedroom, was pretty darn cool. It was perhaps a voyeur's dream come true. Yea, a lot of voyeurs would want this cloaking cream. He wondered how they might promote it to them, without being obvious, assuming, of course, that he could in fact become a partner in its sales and production. But, he imagined he would be, once he provided Dr. Kemp with all of his fantastic ideas.

Second, it was Janice Weatherbee: the pretty, sexy, and hot, but snooty, arrogant, snobby, elitist Janice Weatherbee. If she were a girl who was actually a good friend of his, he would probably feel pretty guilty about this. It wasn't like he was watching her pee or anything, but it was a little bit of a violation of privacy, wasn't it? Actually, maybe more than just a little bit. But, he didn't feel so bad about Janice. No, being able to watch Janice diddle herself was going to be pretty darned cool. He grabbed hold of his cock and aimed it at her as she shifted one hand away from her breast down to her skirt.

She slid her hand underneath her skirt and up to her panties, up to her cunnie. She sighed deeply as she fondled a breast and pinched a nipple with one hand, and caressed and rubbed her clitoris with the other. She was not wasting any time, probably because her roommate could arrive at any moment. Her bottom began to squirm around and around on the bed, her breathing accelerating.

She removed her hand from beneath her skirt and brought it to her blouse, where she quickly undid the buttons.

Griffin smiled broadly, for a moment forgetting about his teeth. He had, of course, recently seen Janice entirely naked, but it was still pretty darned early in their new "relationship" to become jaded by the sight of her naked body, and this was more than just seeing her naked while she did her nails. She was seductively undressing before him as she pleasured herself, unbeknownst to the fact that he was standing there, right in front of her. Yes, this was going to the next level of their relationship.

Janice spread open her blouse and pulled up her rose cotton brassiere, to provide her with better access to her naked tits and nips. She did not have particularly large breasts but they were wonderfully firm. They did not even appear to lose any shape as she lay back on the bed. They were sitting up on her chest like two white coconuts, capped by very stiff and pointy stiff twigs.

She flipped up her skirt, revealing to his eyes the front "V" of her rose cotton panties. He didn't even have time to see if she had a nice camel toe, but he wasn't terribly disappointed in being denied that information, as Janice quickly pulled her pantie to the side, opening up to his eyes, once again, that deliciously shaved cunnie, which she attacked with a ruthlessly lustful vengeance, squeezing her cunnie lips together, twisting them, and then deeply rubbing, wringing, her fingers against her budding clit.

Griffin would, himself, be much gentler with a girl. He wondered if, for all these years, he had been making a mistake. Perhaps girls like you to be rougher with them, down there. In any case, Janice obviously liked it this way. He made a mental note of this, if he ever had the opportunity to pinch Janice's nipples and clit, although he had in fact given up on ever actually going on a dater with her. But, still, this could in fact be quite a bit better.

She was squeezing her tits, pinching and pulling on her nipples, and grinding her clit. He was certainly getting an education of what she liked. He suddenly realized that another commercial possibility for their ointment would be to obtain such information for boyfriends. They would probably really like knowing what their girlfriends' liked, thereby impressing them with their sexually sensitive skills, and he certainly wouldn't mind discovering this information, like a detective, for a reasonable fee. Of course, their clients would probably prefer that they make the observations themselves.

Griffin knew he was going to cum this time. His balls were already pretty well seething and smoldering, and now they were really beginning to cook, building up a pretty large gruel of steamy cum. The only question was how soon, and where. He so much wanted to spray all over Janice's writhing body.

Janice gasped, "Griffin, fuck me, fuck me real hard."

Griffin froze in shock and then quickly crouched down, out of sight, behind the base of the bed. Did he in fact have to hide? He looked down at himself. He couldn't see anything. He was still invisible. How could she see him? It must have been an auditory hallucination, a very understandable one, given the situation. But, still, it was really terribly unnerving to hear her suddenly call out to him. He wondered if auditory hallucinations were a side effect of the cloaking, or if you eventually became psychotic the more you wore it. They hadn't really been able to test for that with the animals.

Janice's voice became more desperate, more pleading. "Griffin, please, won't you please fuck me?"

He wasn't hallucinating. This was for real. Janice was pleading to be fucked by him, the same girl who brushed him aside like he was just some ugly little toad who was beneath her dignity even to acknowledge. He carefully, cautiously, stood back up, to see Janice writhing, wiggling, shuddering, groaning and moaning on her bed, pleading for him to fuck her. What the fuck?

"I'll do anything," she whispered. "I'll suck you. Make me suck you, Griffin. Make me take it all the way down till I choke. I'm sure you have such a big, fat, thick, bull cock."

Could there be some other Griffin? How many Griffins could there be at Livingston College, and how many knew Janice? Yes, he was definitely going to cum this time, and apparently she might even like him splashing his load all over her.

"I want you to cum in me, Griffin, please, please. I want to feel your cock twitch and jerk and squirt in me, filling me up with your manly cream. You have so much, so much. It'll feel so good. Oh Griffin!" she gasped, feeling herself getting real close. She flipped herself over on her stomach, raised her bottom up, and pulled down her panties, down to her thighs, revealing to his eyes that lovely round bottom and cunnie mound. She slid one finger up into her cunt. Her other hand came around from the other side and slid down the crack of her butt until she found the other hole, which she began to caress and tickle with the tip of her finger.

It all seemed so terribly absurd, so terribly unrealistic. How could this possibly be true? How could this possibly be happening? Janice, who treated him like a turd, masturbating to the fantasy of him fucking her. Actually, more than just fucking her, she wanted him to abuse her (which he was more than willing to do). But, then again, which was more unrealistic, being invisible or having the stuck-up Janice masturbate to fantasies about him? The latter was certainly much more believable than the former, wasn't it? If he could believe his invisibility, he shouldn't certainly believe in this. He really shouldn't be so judgmental.

"Please don't fuck me there, Griffin," Janice pleaded, continuing to caress her anus while she fingered her cunt, which was now making all sorts of slushy slurpy sounds, as her finger plunged in and out while her thumb continued to work on her clit. "I can't do that, Griffin. I've never done it there. It's too embarrassing. Please! Don't even look!" She gasped, "That's my poopy hole. It's just so naughty and nasty and dirty."

Yes, it was, but it was also so very cool, sexy, and hot. He resumed stroking his cock with a renewed vengeance. This was better than any fantasy he could have imagined.

"And, you're just so terribly too big, Griffin. You'll hurt me if you put it in there. It'll never fit. I've never had a penis, a cock, so big, so manly."

Her bottom writhed, her hips humped up and down on her finger.

His hand plunged up and down his shaft, ignoring entirely the sounds he made as he was pretty much being drowned out.

"No, no, no!" She squealed, as she shoved the other finger up her butt. "Please, stop, Griffin. Stop, stop, this is so humiliating, so wrong, shameful! Griffin up my butt! No, no, no, you're just so big, so embarrassing! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum! Please don't make me cum this way!"

He now understood it. She liked being embarrassed, degraded, used, and abused, and what better person to inflict such humiliation than him. Was it really so surprising that a woman who enjoyed debasing others would harbor such dark fantasies herself? And, what would be more debasing and demeaning than for the guy who fucks her up the butt to be him, Griffin, the little toad.

"No, please don't do that. Don't cum on me, Griffin. That's so degrading. Please don't squirt your sticky, hot, slimy slop on me. Please, please. I'll swallow it, I'll swallow it. I promise I will, just don't squirt it on me."

Yes, he would most definitely cum tonight. He would spray his load all over her butt and then dash from the room. His balls pulled tight against him.

She would see the door open as he left but she would not see him, although perhaps it would help her climax if she thought it was him. Maybe he should say something? He looked down at his cock, or at least where it was, smiling at the thought of seeing it's load gush and spray onto her jutting ass. Yes, she would in fact really like this. Imagine having the reality suddenly enter your fantasy in the midst of a climax. Just as you were about to cum, thinking about a very special girl taking it in her mouth, she suddenly appears in your room, her mouth wrapped around your cock. What could be better than that?

He looked down to watch his cum jettison from his cock onto her butt, as he knew he was just about there. But, his smiled quickly disappeared when he realized that he could indeed see something, something more than just his cum. The cloaking was wearing off!

It didn't just suddenly lose its effectiveness. That was fortunate. The negative refraction deteriorates slowly, first evident by an odd distortion of light. It was very much like how the Predator would occasionally appear in that movie, of the same name: a sort of wavy, odd distortion of light, as if perhaps something was merged with the environment but one couldn't precisely make it out.

Griffin felt his breathing stop, and panic sweep over him. This was not good. No, this was bad; real, real bad. What an idiot! He might like Janice to suddenly appear in his bedroom fantasy, her mouth wrapped around his cock, but he seriously doubted that Janice would react the same way, with him suddenly appearing naked at the end of her bed, his stiff dick spurting out loads of cum. He had been out much too long. He should have gone directly back to the lab after the sorority house, but he had gotten greedy or, more accurately, horny. His cock, like the divining rod that it was, had led him to Janice's bedroom, drawn by the magnetism of her butt, and he had lost complete track of time.

No, he would not cum, not tonight, not now. There was no way he was going to shoot his load with the risk of actually being seen, being recognized, as the cloaking wore further away.

He quickly backed his way over to the bedroom door and carefully, very quietly, undid the lock, and slowly opened the door. He slipped out into the hallway, took one last look at the writhing, gasping, pleading Janice, plunging one finger in and out of her ass while the other continued to work her clit.

He didn't shut the door. He left it wide open. He wouldn't be able to cum on her butt, not this night, not this time. But, he would at least have the last laugh. If someone came down the hall, Janice would present quite a sight and, even if nobody did, it would certainly confuse and concern her when she rolled back over to see the door wide open.

He rapidly made his way down the hall, but not to the elevator. He could not take a chance on the elevator. Many persons would be getting on to go down to the first floor, and the visual distortion was worsening. He would be readily evident to anyone on the elevator. He made his way instead to the stairs.

Fortunately, nobody ever seemed to use the stairs. Why get all that exercise when you don't have to? He moved quickly down the stairs, all the way down eight flights of stairs. He was breathing hard, his feet were making a tremendous amount of noise and he felt perspiration forming on his brow, adding more signs of his presence, which made him feel even more nervous, made him perspire even more.

When he got to the main floor he slowly pushed open the door to the lobby. It was largely empty, as it was now pretty late. But, the security guard was there.

Still, the guard was facing toward the front and wasn't paying much attention to anything going on behind him. His job was to screen people entering the dorm, not leaving it. And, besides, he actually wasn't even watching the door. He was instead reading a comic book. The story concerned Barry Allen, a police scientist who gained super-speed powers after a shelf filled with various chemicals was struck by lightning and bathed him with a super concoction. The security guard liked to collect comics. The job of a security guard was terribly, terribly boring. He was supposed to just sit there and stare at the same thing minute after minute, hour after hour, day after day. It was almost like he wanted something to happen, some kind of excitement to at least wake him up.

And, Griffin gave it to him. He dashed from the stairwell, across the lobby, and banged out through the front door.

The security guard yelled, "Hey!" and leaped from his chair, charged out the door, and ran after him. Or, actually, was it a "him"? He wasn't even sure what he saw, if anything. It all happened so fast. It was like just a blur, just like Flash, the guy in the comic book. He didn't know what to think. In any case, now that he was outside of the building, in the dark of night, he couldn't see "him," or whomever or whatever it was.

Griffin had dashed into the darkest corner he could find as soon as he exited the dorm. The darker it was, the less refraction that was needed. On the other hand, the less light there was, the less light that could be refracted, and the more easily he could in fact be seen. The cloaking had no effect whatsoever in pitch dark, but nobody could see you any way if it was in fact pitch dark. In any case, being in the dark was a natural cloak, and he quickly, very quickly, stole his way back across campus to the laboratory, his dick wilting and his balls aching.

He made it back to the lab safely, most of the time by simply running. He considered moving more stealthfully, but time was not on his side. No, time was terribly much against him. He figured as long as he moved fast, nobody would get a clear picture of the unclear distortion that was him.

When he got back to the lab he briefly considered relieving the strain in his balls. But, he was also feeling too nervous, too upset. And, well, besides, the lab was not a particularly erotic environment. Jerking off in a girl's bedroom while she is masturbating is perfectly natural, but jerking off in a laboratory filled with chemicals, test tubes, bunsen burners, spectrophotometers, tongs, pipet bulbs, and calorimeters, seemed a bit perverted. And, imagine getting caught jerking off in Dr. Kemp's lab? He probably wouldn't like that. Perhaps most importantly, he had a plan for the next day, and he need the motivation, the incentive, the will power, to see it through.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The next day he yearned for relief, and he knew from whom he wanted to receive it. His nighttime dreams had been filled with her, and he twice woke up from a fantasy dream involving Janice. He had considered jerking off beneath the covers, but he sorely doubted that his roommate would appreciate that.

He waited patiently in the quad for Janice's eventual arrival. This was in fact precisely where he had asked her out once before, as she always cut across the quad this time of the day, heading to her biology class.

He was much more confident this time, or at least hopeful. This time he knew her secret. He knew she was yearning for him, pleading for him to fuck her like a bitch in heat. She wanted him, and she wanted him bad. That was so cool. He smiled in expectant, gleeful anticipation.

And then there she was, striding across the commons, textbooks held against her breasts, all confident, sexy, and alluring. She was wearing a particularly short skirt today. It was a very nicely sunny spring day. She probably enjoyed the feel of the spring air caressing her thighs as her skirt flipped and waved.

"Janice! Janice!" Griffin exclaimed when she reached him. "You got a second?"

She stopped and scowled. "What for? Hurry up, I'm late for biology."

He was a bit taken aback by that. He knew that she wasn't late at all. But, he was not to be deterred. Being the only person in the world capable of becoming invisible does provide you with a higher sense of power and self-confidence, plus his balls ached for satisfaction, for relief. "Hey, well, like," although once he started talking, the words didn't just flow. "Um, like, I was wondering if you would like to go to a movie, or something." She didn't answer right away. He added, "sometime."

She smiled and shook her head in disbelief. "Oh my gosh," she replied, "the little toad is back."

He could feel the blood rushing into his face.

She added disdainfully, "Wasn't I sufficiently clear the first time? Or, perhaps, you even got rejected by the wrestlers?" She chuckled and walked off, not even letting him have the opportunity to reply.

Griffin was at first stunned, as well as dismayed. But, it didn't take him long to figure it out, or at least speculate, that the fact she masturbated to fantasies about him didn't necessarily suggest she actually wanted to in fact have sex with him. The whole point of the fantasy was to pretend to be demeaned by having sex with him. That didn't necessarily mean she actually wanted his company on a date. She might privately pretend to have sex with toads, to fulfill a perverse private pleasure, but she wasn't about to publicly date one in real life. She obviously did not find him attractive. On the contrary, she found him disgusting, which was precisely why he was good for her fantasy, but not for her reality. Griffin was crestfallen, and embarrassed at his stupidity. He was, once again, publicly humiliated.

But his embarrassment quickly turned to annoyance, and then the desire for revenge. He immediately left for the lab. Dr. Kemp had not yet conducted sufficient research to understand the long-term consequences of the cloaking lotion. One might expect there to be some sort of side effects of such a potent lotion if it was applied too frequently. But, Griffin was now on a mission. He again bathed himself in the thick liquid, double and triple checking that every inch, every centimeter, was covered, and then headed back onto campus, going directly to Janice's biology class, his balls turning blue with passion, with desire.

He waited outside, behind the sculpture of the human cell. It was a pretty safe place to avoid contact with anyone, as nobody ever stopped to look at it.

When he saw her leave, he carefully followed her. It was at first difficult, particularly inside the building where there were a number of students. He realized that he should have been waiting for her outside the building. He had to walk up real close to the person in front of him, as the person behind him kept entering his physical space. As a result, he occasionally bumped the person in front, but fortunately the person never turned around to say anything.

Once he was outside of the building the people dispersed and he was able to get directly behind Janice.

He didn't know where she was going or what he would do when she got there, but he was certainly going to follow her. This time he would even follow her into a lavatory.

He flipped up the back of her skirt, revealing her soft round bottom tightly encased in her aquamarine cotton panties.

Janice quickly reached behind her with her left hand to push the skirt back down, glancing back to see if anyone had seen her skirt flip up. It was indeed a bit breezy, but she didn't think it was that bad. It was frankly a bit embarrassing, as it felt like it had really flipped up quite high. And, it did appear that a group of boys behind her had seen it happen, as they had pretty big grins on their faces. She gave them a brief scowl and continued on her way, periodically reaching back to check that her skirt was still down.

But, Griffin wouldn't leave it in peace. As soon as he felt he had another good opportunity, he flipped her skirt up again, smiling with mischievous pleasure at his boyish prank, as well as the sight of her pretty panty bottom.

"Hey!" Janice exclaimed, turning suddenly and swinging her left hand. That didn't feel like a breeze, and she quickly looked around in all directions for the culprit, but she didn't see anyone. There wasn't anyone anywhere near close enough to be the culprit, but she couldn't help but feel that it had in fact been someone.

The boys behind her laughed openly, both at the reprise of the panty show and her obvious discomfort and confusion.

She waited for them and glared as they approached. Perhaps one of them did it? But, they had been so far behind her. There was no way that one of them could have done it and run back to the pack that quickly. She looked to see if they had some sort of air gun, or something.

"It's a little breezy today," one of them said, as they passed her on the walkway.

"Yea, right," she responded sarcastically, shifting her books to her left hand, using her right hand to hold down her skirt.

Griffin was standing a few feet away, on the grass. He had almost got hit when Janice suddenly swung around. He was, for the moment, keeping his distance.

Janice resumed her walk after the boys passed. They might not have had anything to do with it, but she was still suspicious and, besides, she didn't really want to feel their eyes on her bottom. This time she kept her skirt pulled down with her right hand.

Griffin was disappointed. He was apparently done with flipping up her skirt. However, he knew he wasn't done with her. He followed safely behind her.

It was such a nice day that Janice decided to spend at least some time in the park by the humanities building. Frankly, after the rather flustering embarrassment with her skirt, it would be nice to just relax a bit in the spring air. She found a nice spot on the side of a hill where she could comfortably catch some of the afternoon rays. She was also sufficiently distant from the sidewalk that there was little noise to distract her. All she could hear was the sound of birds chirping, the leaves rustling. The sun felt so good on her skin, so warm, so toasty, that she soon felt calm, comfortable, and even sleepy. She let her mind drift off as she luxuriated in the warm, spring, soothing afternoon. She felt so much better.

She smiled as she thought about Griffin asking her out. He was such a doofus. Imagine if he knew about her secret sex fantasies. He would be so shocked, and excited. She briefly imagined someday actually doing him, but then quickly shuddered away that thought. It was one thing to have a fantasy; it was another thing to actually do it. A fantasy is a place to think about doing things that in reality would really be quite wrong, perhaps even distasteful or abhorrent. Having sex with Griffin was one of them.

As she drifted away into sleep, Griffin watched and waited, waiting for his opportunity. She looked really quite sexy, lying on her back, her head cradled in her hands, her breasts rising up so nicely with her upraised arms, and her very pretty, alluring thighs peeking out from beneath her skirt.

Janice imagined other boys doing dirty, naughty things to her, as she lay on the hill, her breasts rising and falling with her increasing arousal, her pussy growing as warm as the sun felt on her cheeks.

She imagined the boy telling her to lift her skirt up in the commons and to walk across the campus for everyone to see. It was a very naughty fantasy, a very naughty dream. At the moment, it wasn't really clear if she was dreaming, or fantasizing, as she could feel her consciousness, her self-awareness, drift in and out, as she became lost in her daydream, in her reverie, her other world.

Griffin knelt beside her, feeling his cock rising before him, as he slowly lifted up the front of Janice's skirt, letting her soft, aquamarine panties be bathed by the sun, as well as by his eyes. He carefully laid the top of her skirt against her abdomen, so softly that she would hopefully not notice. His dick rose back up to full strength, a rather odd feeling to feel it growing but not actually being able to see it.

Once having successfully laid the skirt back over her abdomen, he sat back down on his heels and admired his work. Her panties were so terribly cute and evocative, as they stretched quite tightly over her mound. One could even see the outline of her slit along the soft, fleshy rise of her cunnie pot.

If anyone did happen to notice her, they would think that a sudden breeze had flipped up her skirt, and that the poor girl, who apparently had fallen asleep, was simply unaware of the accident. And, a few students did indeed notice, pointing, giggling, whispering, as they walked by. Some boys even stopped to admire the sight of the girl's green panties glowing in the sun light (to them, they just looked green). Those boys accompanied by girls were pulled away, and even boys who were by themselves walked on. It did seem a bit inconsiderate to take advantage of her that way.

Janice felt the increased heat as the sun baked her cunnie. She sighed with pleasure, attributing the warmth to the heat generated by the pleasure of her fantasies. She imagined that a boy was in fact playing with her pussy, through her panties, right there on the hill, in front of everyone, making her sigh, moan, and squirm with pleasure right before their eyes.

Griffin leaned back over again and cautiously reached out, gently, lightly, placing his finger tips on the lips, on the slit, that was outlined by the soft cotton of Janice's panties.

She did not flinch. She didn't even open her eyes. She just sighed with obvious pleasure, and even parted her thighs, just a bit, or at least Griffin thought that perhaps she did.

Janice so much enjoyed that state of mind when you were still half-dreaming, half-awake. You weren't really entirely sure. Sometimes the dream would really be a nightmare, and she would be so happy to emerge, to realize that it was only a dream, but it might take a few seconds to tell the difference.

But, many more times it was a wonderful dream, a dream that promised so much, if only it would last to its fruition, and she never did want it to end until it did. Sometimes it was a very sexual dream. Some of the most silly ones were dreams in which she had to be a naked model in front of a class, displaying for the boys the human female sexual anatomy, and then even the female orgasm, if the dream was allowed to go that far. That was really quite absurd, of course. How could that ever really happen? Or, it might be a dream in which the school photographer was taking advantage of her, making her take off all her clothes and do dirty things. When she awoke from that dream she felt quite silly. She even once dreamed that a professor spanked her for using her cell phone, and even eventually took her from behind. Or, it just might be a dream in which was she being forcibly taken, perhaps by many boys. In real life this would of course be very scary, and traumatic, but in her fantasy world, in her dream states, it was just frighteningly, scintillatingly, lustfully, lovingly wonderful and, as she drifted back into consciousness, she would try so hard to hold onto those dreams, to let them bring her to her natural climax. Masturbating to a fantasy was one thing, but dreaming it was so, so much more real.

For some reason, though, she would invariably wake up before her orgasm. Perhaps the increasing level of excitement was just too much to sustain a sleep state. She didn't know, but she sure didn't like it. She was literally being snatched away during one of the most wonderful moments of life, just before the climactic peak was reached.

As she felt herself slowly emerging into consciousness, becoming conscious that she was dreaming and perhaps beginning to awake, she would attempt to maintain herself in the dream state, trying to continue the dream. To do so, she would lay completely still. Any movement would compel a full awakening. This was itself quite frustrating, as she would naturally want to touch herself, to play with herself, as she went deeper into the dream. But, to do what would perhaps help most to bring her to orgasm would also destroy the very dream that had brought her to that point, the dream she so much wanted to take to fruition, to discover what wonderful delights were at the end of this dream. So, she lay still and did her best to maintain the dissociative, hypnagogic state.

And, now, she did indeed feel herself once again within such a moment: a most wonderfully real feeling moment, lost in her dream yet seeming to actually feel the touch of the boy on her panties, on her pussy, right there on the hill. But, of course, it could not in fact be a real boy, as she was alone, entirely alone. She felt an impulse to open her eyes, to check, just to be sure, but she knew there would be nobody there, and doing so would only ruin this wondrously dreamy moment. She gave herself over to her dream, and to the boy's finger, feeling him softly caress her cunnie through her panties as she lay on the hill, exposing herself, her panties, to all the boys who began to gather below to watch.

Griffin softly slid his finger up and down Janice's slit. She might not let him do this in real life, but she would do so in invisible life, and it was definitely just as fun, perhaps even more so, as he sorely doubted that she, or any girl, would let him play with her pussy through her panties right out in the open air.

Janice softly moaned, her breathing becoming more rapid, her breasts rising and falling, her hands clenched, and her bottom squirming in the grass. The boys at the bottom of the hill were speechless; the girls were shocked.

Janice was oblivious to the fact that she was putting on a rather lascivious show, at least oblivious to the reality of the show. In her fantasy she was indeed putting on a very lewd, prurient exhibition, with the help of a boy's finger, but in her mind it was a dream, where such fantasies could be realized without any real cost, and yet with a very realistic experience. If only one could live in one's dreams, life would be so much sweeter. Janice could feel the blood coursing through her loins as she approached her climax, a most embarrassing and humiliating climax it would be, of course, in front of a bunch of boys gawking up at her squirming body. She so hoped that she would not wake up. 'Please,' she thought, 'not this time, let me cum to fruition at least once.'

Griffin could feel her moisture seeping through her panties and he smiled, being sure to keep his lips sealed as he slid his finger up her seeping lips to her button, and softly pressed against it, working his finger around and around against her clit.

Janice lifted her pelvis up against the imaginary finger. It was a dangerous move, as it might cause her to awaken, but it was an instinctive move, the move that occurred within her dream. Perhaps, though, in fact, in reality, she was not actually lifting her pelvis up. She was only doing so in her dream, and in this dream, this boy suddenly pulled her panties down, exposing her personal private place to any and everyone boy who happened to be passing by. She smiled to herself, realizing that it was indeed a dream, as no boy would, or was, actually doing that.

Griffin had indeed suddenly grasped hold of the waistband of Janice's panties, pulling them down off her pretty shaved slit, past her thighs, to her knees, and then hurriedly backing away from her along the grass, expecting her to suddenly lash out, as she had done before.

She did not lash out, but she did suddenly open her eyes when she heard a boy yelling, and others laughing. She gasped as she saw her panties down at her knees. She sat straight up to verify that it had indeed been a dream. There was no boy there, but it had felt so real, and to her surprise, shock, and embarrassment, her skirt was bunched up at her waist and worse, her panties were indeed at her knees. It was not a dream? Which was it? Her bare, naked, wet, glistening shaved cunnie was fully exposed to the boys walking by, who now applauded with comparable surprise but also delight.

The boys did not know how she had managed to have her panties fall down like that. They saw them go down as if someone was actually pulling them down. It was probably the best magic trick they had ever seen (Dr. Kemp could perhaps include that in his magic show) and they were most appreciative of the girl's skill and dexterity. This was one talented girl.

And a very embarrassed, confused one. It was a dream. There was no guy within twenty feet of her, yet her panties were in reality down at her knees. She quickly tossed her skirt back down, bent forward, and pulled up her panties, her face red and warm, but no longer from the sun. She grabbed her books, and dashed off.

She was in any case somewhat late for her appointment with Ms. Thompson, a humanities professor. As she hurried along, the sound of the applause burning in her reddened ears gradually diminishing behind her, she tried to make sense of what just happened. She wondered if, in her dream-like state, she had pulled her panties down herself. There was such a thing as sleep-walking. It would hardly be a stretch of the imagination for there to be as well sleep-stripping. Perhaps in her lustful reverie she had pulled them down, dreaming that it was the boy, but the movement woke her up, just as her panties reached her thighs.

Well, thank goodness she did wake up. Imagine the embarrassment if the dream had continued. But, still, as a dream, it had been so wonderful, so real, so exciting, so arousing. Her steps quickened to Ms. Thompson's office, whom she very much now wanted to visit.

Feeling rather flustered she made her way down the hall to Professor Thompson's office. When she arrived the door was open, and Janice peered inside. Ms. Thompson was waiting for her.

"There you are, Janice. It's about time. Come on in and close the door."

"I'm sorry I'm late, ma'am. It's been a very difficult and strange day."

Griffin quickly rushed in behind her as Janice turned to close the door.

"Yes, well, it's been a rather difficult day for me, too, as it is for many persons on many days. Be sure to lock the door."

"Yes, ma'am," Janice softly replied, flipping the lock. She couldn't imagine a more confusing day than this, but she knew better than to speak back to the professor.

"I've been looking forward to this all day, Janice," Ms. Thompson said, stepping from behind her desk to stand in front of it, leaning back, resting her bottom against its edge.

Griffin was confused, to say the least, but certainly intrigued. When he first came in he thought, and hoped, that this was just going to be some brief discussion over lecture notes or a grade. He contemplated somehow pulling Janice's panties down in the professor's office, but such a thing was really too absurd to ever happen (see "Five steps to Delta Nu"). When Janice shut the door, though, he figured it would be a more lengthy tutoring session, which might in fact put him to sleep, as he knew he wouldn't really be able to get away with any shenanigans in the close confines of an office. In fact, he would have to stay pretty far away from the two of them if he was to avoid an inadvertent detection. But, it was beginning to appear to be something more than tutoring, something perhaps more interesting?

Janice asked, without the self-confidence or assuredness she had expressed earlier to Griffin, "You're going to give me a good grade, aren't you?"

Ms. Thompson smiled in a matronly, reassuring manner. "Janice, you know you have no concerns about that. I am very pleased with this arrangement. I think it's working out very well for both of us." Her smile became a bit more knowing, more flirtatious. She reached down for the hem of her skirt, and slowly pulled it up.

First into sight were the tops of her thigh high nylons. Ms. Thompson did have very long and shapely legs. She would have made a very good model, if not for her interest in, no dedication to, the teaching profession.

She pulled her skirt up higher, her gleaming eyes always fixed on Janice, who looked nervous and apprehensive.

"Now Janice, don't look so glum. I thought you liked this."

Janice actually did like it. She liked it a lot, but she liked it best when she played the victim, the exploited and humiliated student. "Well, it's okay. I don't mind doing that, you now, I guess. It's just that it doesn't seem right. I mean, I feel, well, it's so embarrassing and everything. You know, like, I'm not, like, a lesbian or anything like that."

Ms. Thompson smiled patiently. Janice always went through this little play when they had a session. She didn't mind. In fact, it was kind of fun. It added a bit of drama and spice to what might otherwise be just sex. And, she knew full well that Janice liked doing it as well. This always became quite evident once they got started. She responded softly, as she displayed her legs to Janice, and Griffin, "No, Janice, you're not a lesbian. You're just a girl, a girl trying her best to be a good student."

"You haven't told anybody about this, have you?"

"No, no, not at all. It's been our little secret." There was frankly no way Ms. Thompson would tell anyone about this. She would suffer far more than Janice if this special relationship became publicly known.

And, this was a fact that immediately became apparent to Griffin. Yes, there were quite a number of advantages and benefits in being invisible. He wondered how he might use this incriminating information in the future, as a visible man. Perhaps he should take Ms. Thompson's course? He was also in a position now to get a good grade.

Janice continued, "It would just be so embarrassing for anyone to know that I've done something like this."

"Something like what, Janice?" Ms. Thompson asked, while lifting her skirt up even higher, such that her panties were fully in view. They were elegant pastel rose silk bikini panties, with quite delicate lacing along the edging, and a small pink bow in the center. Ms. Thompson might be, or certainly, was, an older woman, a full generation older than even Griffin, but that did not diminish her appeal. On the contrary, she made Griffin think of a modern Mrs. Robinson, but being much more provocative, more blatant, in her appeal.

"You know," Janice demurely replied.

"But, I want to hear you say it, dear," Ms. Thompson asserted.

Janice shuffled her feat, avoiding eye contact, and eventually said, very softly, "Pleasure you, Ms. Thompson."

Griffin's cock swelled to its full prominence, his balls again stirring, this time with some pain, as they really, really, really needed relief.

Ms. Thompson smiled at the girl's apparent discomfort in saying precisely what she was about to do.

Griffin did as well. It was now quite crystal clear what was about to happen, and he began to stroke his cock. It was a little chilly in Ms. Thompson's office, as she had on her air conditioning, but his body nevertheless was warming to the lustful fire that was growing before him.

"Do you like my new panties, Janice?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janice replied, hardly looking at them.

"Well, I always felt that it takes another girl to really appreciate a fine pair of panties."

Griffin would wholeheartedly disagree. He felt like he was appreciating them considerably more than Janice. Heck, he would be more than happy 'to pleasure,' Ms. Johnson, although he imagined that he would require her to pleasure him in return. He would though need some proof, if he was to convince her of the importance in pleasuring him. He again cursed the absence of an invisible camera. Sometimes life was so unfair!

"Why don't you help me take them off, Janice. Won't you please?"

"Yes, ma'am," Janice quietly replied. She stepped up to Ms. Thompson, got down onto her knees, and reached up to grasp hold of the waistband of the teacher's panties.

"That's being a very good girl, Janice. I'm sure you'll get a good grade on your midterm."

Janice looked up into the teacher's eyes. Ms. Thompson was a very pretty lady. She had a finely sculptured face, with wonderfully sparkling blue eyes, long lashes, red cheeks, and full red lips. Plus, at this angle, her prominent breasts towered over Janice's vision. Janice enjoyed very much giving Ms. Thompson pleasure, particularly when she acted so forceful, so authoritative, so much in control. "I'll try to do my best, Ms. Thompson."

Ms. Thompson patted her on the head and replied, "I'm sure you will, Janice, I'm sure you will."

Janice slowly pulled down Ms. Thompson's panties. She avoided though looking at her pussy. She wanted to be respectful, considerate; in fact, subservient.

Griffin though did not deny himself the pleasure of looking. In fact, it taxed his restraint immensely not to part his fingers wider to provide his eyes with a better view of the pretty professor's cunt. His balls throbbed for relief, and Griffin vowed not to leave this office without obtaining satisfaction. He wasn't at all sure how he was going to do it, but it would be done. It would have to be done or he might even have to see a doctor.

Janice helped Ms. Thompson step out of her panties, which wasn't that easy as she was naturally wearing rather tall high heels. Ms Thompson steaded herself on Janice's shoulder. Once the panties were removed, she instructed Janice to carefully fold them and lay them on the coffee table. Janice did as she was instructed, and then returned to her position, kneeling before the instructor.

"Alright then, Janice," she instructed, "Let's see how much you've learned since your last lesson."

"Yes, ma'am," she replied, as she rose up on her knees and began to lean forward.

"Aren't you forgetting something?"

"Ma'am?"

"Pull your panties down, dear. You know I like it better when you have your panties down."

"Yes, ma'am," Janice replied, and reached under her skirt to pull her panties down as well, leaving them around her thighs. Ms. Thompson preferred she wear them that way.

As she got back up on her knees and leaned forward, her tongue reaching out for the teacher's lips, she reached in between her thighs to caress and fondle her own lips.

Griffin could not belief his luck. Yes, he had experienced quite a number of misses initially at the Delta Nu house (in more ways than one) but he had struck gold there with the two sisters, and then, once again with Janice in her dorm room. And, now, as well with Janice and Ms. Thompson. This seemed so improbable, so unrealistic. But, frankly, no less realistic than being invisible. And, besides, who really knows what goes on behind closed doors? Most everyone has fantasies like this. Is it really so surprising that there is a lot more going on than what one would assume? He realized that sociology professors could probably make very good use of the vanishing cream for field research. Imagine how significant it would be to report that virtually 75% of sorority sisters masturbate each evening, that 85% of sorority houses have panty parties, or that 50% of professors are having affairs with students, or that 75% of politicians are doing it with their secretaries. Yes, quite a few very important scientific discoveries could be made with this invention. He made a note to himself to discuss this with Dr. Kemp, but in the meantime there was something else on his mind and in his hand.

He returned his attention to the matter at hand, squeezing and fondling his stiff dick as he stepped up closer to get a better look.

Ms. Thompson had a very full, fleshy vagina: two full rows of thick curvy lips and curly, full pussy hair that already glistened with her feminine fluids.

Janice leaned forward and applied her tongue to Ms. Thompson's womanly lips, as if she was trying to clean the professor, like a mother cat might do for her kitten. Janice did so much enjoy tasting the fruit, the nectar, of another woman's cunt. She slowly caressed each crevice and curve of Ms. Thompson's wet lips with her tongue, feeling and exploring her way around the moist, swollen soft flesh.

Ms. Thompson gasped with pleasure and grasped the girl's head with her hands, pulling the student's lips more tightly against her own, crushing the girl's lips into her thick womanly flesh.

"Mmmmph," Janice exclaimed at the sudden smothering of her mouth against the professor's cunt. She ground her mouth into the professor, wiping and washing her own lips, cheeks, and nose with the sloppy, slippery slime of Ms. Thompson's cunt, abusing her face with the teacher's cunt, all the while rubbing, grinding, and pinching her own clit with her fingers.

Griffin stood just off to the side, enjoying so much this front row seat of a very fine display.

Ms. Thompson also had no complaints. There was something really quite different, quite special, about the feel of a feminine tongue working your pussy, and it certainly helped that this was the tongue of a young, submissive student. She spread her thighs wider to give Janice more room. "That's it, honey," she moaned. "Move up higher now to give mummy's button some attention."

Janice would have said, 'Yes, ma'am,' but her lips were sealed. She did move up as directed to service her professor's clit. Ms. Thompson had a particularly large clit, well extended past her hood, and Janice slipped her lips around it, sucking it into her mouth like she would a cock, flicking away at it with her tongue as she sucked on it with her lips.

"That's good, dear, that's very nice," Ms. Thompson gasped, letting her student know what a wonderful job she was doing. It was always good to praise and compliment your students, building their self-esteem as well as their skills, their growth as young ladies.

Griffin could feel himself building as well, getting very close to his climax, his cock stretching so hard that it felt like it was going to burst through its own skin. He was in fact making a bit of noise, sliding his hand up and down his shaft, but it could hardly be heard above the slurping, slobbering, sucking sounds as Janice slavishly feasted on the professor's cunt.

The only difficulty was where to spray. It might be a good joke to unload onto the professor's panties, resting on the coffee table. That would certainly be fun, satisfying, and amusing.

But the stakes became higher, as the professor let go of Janice's head and reached down for the girl's bottom, grasping the little firm cheeks in her hands and pulling her butt up higher into the air. She preferred that the young lady perch her bottom up high as she pleasured her, as if she was presenting herself to some young man to fuck her as she was sucking off the professor. "Spread your thighs, missy," Ms. Thomson commanded.

Janice did as she was told. She never fully understood why Ms. Thompson preferred that she present herself this way, as there was nobody behind her. She did sometimes wonder though if the professor had a hidden camera, subsequently masturbating to the sight of her upraised bottom as she performed for her. In any case, it wasn't her position to question a professor. She raised her bottom up high and spread open her legs, inviting the phantom lover to fuck her. She pulled her hand away from her cunt and used both hands to grasp hold of the professor's bottom, to help steady herself, as well as press the woman's cunt harder into her face.

The message to Griffin was very clear. Like any buck in the presence of a doe in heat, he understood what to do. He got up in between Janice's thighs, positioned his cock at the hot, wet, swollen lips of Janice's cunt and, carefully, very carefully, slid his cock into her cunt.

Janice gasped into the wet slop of Ms. Johnson's cunt, her eyes briefly opening in surprise. She wondered what it was, touching her down there, pressing into her down there, but she quickly realized that Ms. Johnson must be servicing her with a dildo. She groaned with pleasure, not only to acknowledge the fact that Ms. Thompson was finally taking her feelings, her pleasure, into consideration, but also because it did indeed feel like a very nice dildo. It wasn't a particularly large one, but it did feel terribly real.

Griffin had to be careful not to touch her with any other part of his body, and to avoid any contact whatsoever with Ms. Thompson. Fortunately, it wasn't a difficult entry, as Janice was fully aroused, thoroughly wet and swollen.

Janice groaned with pleasure and Griffin breathed deeply.

Every inch of his cock was being gripped and massaged by the soft, wet, clinging, slippery flesh as he slid his dick in and out of Janice's cunt.

It was a bit awkward as there was no place to put his hands. He certainly couldn't brace himself on Janice's hips and, frankly, he was taking a bit of chance that Janice might, at some point, impulsively bring her legs together, capturing his own legs, although that would be in defiance of Ms. Thompson's clear instruction.

He had to fuck her with just his hips, shoving his cock in and out of her cunt while he gazed with pleasure at the sight and sound of her servicing Ms. Thompson, being careful never to push it in so far that he made any contact with her thighs, her butt.

Janice though helped rather than hindered his efforts, as she began to wiggle and gyrate her hips on his cock, thrusting and pumping his dick with her cunt. She briefly pulled away from Ms. Thompson's cunt to exclaim, "Yes, please, fuck me, fuck me."

Ms. Thompson smiled with pleasure, both physically and cognitively, as she watched Janice humping the air, prancing and dancing her butt as if she was actually being fucked from behind. This girl was learning well, and was really going the extra mile to put on a good performance for her. "Yes, yes, Janice," she said encouragingly, "you like being fucked, don't you, you dirty little girl."

"Oh, yes, yes," gasped Janice, pounding her cunt against the professor's dildo, against Griffin's throbbing cock.

Griffin silently groaned in deep pleasure at the feel of the tight, slippery, clutching cunt, and at the knowledge that he was finally having his way with the pretty Janice, fucking the snooty snotty Janice from behind. Perhaps not as hard as he would like to. In fact, it was quite difficult to avoid the telling contact of his abdomen against her butt, her thighs, as she was thrusting and humping so hard. He pulled back a bit, and let her do much of the work.

"Fuck him real hard," Ms. Thompson gasped, "Pound that big, thick fat cock of his into your dirty little cunt."

Janice did as she was instructed.

Griffin was so tempted to say out loud that he surely would as well, but he remained passive as he watched his cock slide in and out of her tight, clenching, squirming, quivering cunt. Yes, he could now in fact see it, as it was thoroughly coated with the juices, the film, of her cunt.

"Oh Ms. Thompson," gasped Janice, "It's so big though, Ms. Thompson, please, he has such a big, thick cock."

Griffin felt the blood rush from his brain into his loins.

Ms. Thompson found herself sliding down against the desk, no longer able to keep her balance, to brace herself further, as her orgasm began to seize her in engulfing, sweeping, enveloping primal tides.

Janice squeezed hard on Ms. Thompson's dildo as she also felt herself go over the edge, one of the very few times she in fact climaxed during a session with Ms. Thompson.

Griffin ripped his cock from Janice's cunt as Ms. Thompson slid to the floor, her body twitching and trembling in her spasmodic orgasm.

Janice groaned in displeasure with the removal of the dildo from her cunt, but she fell to the floor as well in a seething mass of orgasmic pleasure, her mind and body absorbed by the fulfillment of her fantasy. "Thank-you," she quietly moaned, as she rolled onto her back, in between the professor's thighs.

And, Griffin said, figuratively, 'You're welcome,' with the release of his cum onto Janice's face. For a moment he forgot that he was invisible, as he was lost in the pure bliss of the feeling and sight of his climactic release, his body twitching, his cock jerking, with each surge and gush spouting from nowhere, into the air, and onto Janice's face.

It was a tremendous amount of hot, sticky spunk. That wasn't surprising to him, as it had built up for quite some time, or at least quite some stimulation, and it was not long before Janice's face was thoroughly awash, drenched, in splatters, puddles, and strings of cum.

Janice did not initially react. She was lost in the reverie of her own orgasmic bliss, basking in the shivering and trembling spasms that engulfed her body. She of course felt the splats on her face but she assumed it was from Ms. Thompson's cunt, as the professor had squirted before and in fact had squirted directly onto her face. She would at times release quite a bit of drenching spray. Janice didn't particularly like it but you do not speak back to a professor when she (or he) was squirting onto your face. This current deluge in fact wasn't really more than the biggest she had taken before from the professor, but it did feel a bit thicker, more gooey than watery.

When he was done Griffin got back onto his feet, stepped over their collapsed, capitulated bodies and grabbed Ms. Thompson's panties from the coffee table. He used her panties to clean off the feminine juice and masculine gism adhering to and dripping from his cock. He knew that picking up Ms. Thompson's panties risked getting detected. Panties did not rise up in the air by themselves, but Griffin moved quickly and he had another plan for them. Once finished he rolled them up into a small ball and stuffed them into his mouth, thereby completely removing them from sight. This would be his souvenir, and perhaps future evidence, to use with, or against, Ms. Thompson. It was a bit odd to have a pair of panties stuffed into your mouth, but he could live with it. Sacrifices needed to be made for future pleasures, future gain.

Janice was, in any case, not paying particular attention to Ms. Thompson's panties. Her eyes had remained closed due in large part to their being covered in splashes and splats of sperm. "Ms. Thompson," she exclaimed as she sat up, when she felt that there were no further globs arriving, "Do you have a handkerchief, or something?"

Ms. Thompson opened her own eyes at the sound of the request. Janice was sitting up, her back to her, and so she couldn't see precisely why Janice needed a handkerchief, but her face was probably pretty messy with her juices. She smiled at the thought of Janice's face being covered in her slick pussy slush.

"No, I think not. I like the sheen it provides to your cheeks. It's really very lovely. Now, pull up your panties and get to your next class. You don't want to be late."

Janice could feel that she had a lot more than just a sheen to her cheeks but, again, one did not argue with a professor over matters such as this, or at least not with Professor Thompson. Her face was so drenched that she couldn't even open one eye and she could just barely squint with the other. However, she got onto her feet, Griffin's cum dripping off her cheek and chin onto the floor. She pulled up her panties, picked up her books from the coffee table, not noticing the fact that the professor's panties were gone, made her way awkwardly to the office door, and flipped open the lock.

She hesitated before stepping out, providing Griffin with the opportunity to get through the door. Janice was going to turn to say goodbye, but she decided she didn't want to give Ms. Thompson the satisfaction of seeing how thoroughly she had sprayed her face. She did have at least some self-respect.

Ms. Thompson, though, would have none of that. As she was brushing off her skirt, she said, "Let me see how pretty you look, Janice."

Janice reluctantly turned to face Ms. Thompson, whose eyes widened in shock and surprise. The thick white drops, drips, and puddles on Janice's face were clearly not from her. She knew full well what they must be, but they couldn't be. She was stunned speechless.

Janice didn't wait for Ms. Thompson's derisive comments. She turned away and hurried from the office to head for the first available ladies room, a boy's ejaculate dripping and dropping from her face.

Fortunately it wasn't too far away, but she attracted quite a few looks as soon as she was in the hallway. Some persons giggled, some appeared to be shocked, others looked disgusted.

Janice knew she probably looked a mess, but she had figured it would only look like she got her face all wet, perhaps from a broken drinking fountain or something. Why were there such strong reactions to her appearance? She wiped some of it away with her fingers, and then realized, as Ms. Thompson had done, that it wasn't Ms. Thompson that had squirted on her. It was too thick, gooey, and white, and when she took a little taste, she recognized what it was.

At about the same time, Ms. Thompson noticed her panties were missing.

This was a very strange day, indeed.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I so hope that you liked it! If you have any comments or suggestions, I would certainly be happy to hear them. In any case, please do take the time to vote.