Three Can Be Company, Too
byorie©

(If you enjoy this story, please vote. It helps to know what people think. That's the only way writers have to see if they are reaching readers. Also, leave a comment—positive or not—I love knowing what you think. Thanks.)

*

Nancy and Sarah sat on one of their dorm beds. They had met two weeks ago as freshmen roommates. They hit it off immediately realizing they weren't into getting blind drunk and being idiots like a lot of the other freshmen girls were doing.

Sarah was the first to initiate a conversation about sex. They were sitting in their dorm room, dressed in light t-shirts and bikini panties. They had just seen each other nude for the first time.

After jogging for five miles together, they both proclaimed a need for a shower. Sarah began stripping in their room and Nancy overcame her initial shyness and began to disrobe. They looked at each other and each sort of grinned.

"Probably should get used to this," Sarah said. "I'm not what you call the shy type."

Nancy said it was no problem and if Sarah didn't mind, she didn't either. "I can be comfortable nude," she said, "well, sorta."

"No pressure from me," replied Sarah. "As long as you are not bothered if I am a little casual about dressing."

Nancy looked at the naked girl in front of her and said, "Yeah, I'd put you definitely in the 'little casual' category right now."

They both giggled and Nancy slowly finished undressing and wrapped herself in a towel.

After the shower they pulled on their few articles of clothing and relaxed on Sarah's bed sipping bottled water. She began telling Nancy about her romantic life.

Sarah had broken up with her boyfriend during the summer and was feeling fairly horny. She said being horny in the midst of a well-known haven for lesbians made her wonder how she would ever find a guy to give her release.

"If I tell a guy where I go to school, he'll probably immediately think I'm a lez and move on. And, don't take this the wrong way, Nancy, but having a roommate makes getting myself off a little awkward."

Nancy admitted that their western Massachusetts school had a reputation for lesbian activity. Although she admitted to Sarah she did have an attraction to women, she said she came here because it was the best school that accepted her, not because of its non-judgmental attitude about sex.

"As far as the awkward thing," said Nancy, "maybe we can overcome that. It might take some time, but let's be open."

Sarah nodded.

"So, what about you, Sarah? Does the thought of having a roommate who is not repulsed by the idea of two girls having sex freak you out? Will you still feel comfortable being nude around me? Will you ever feel like you can take care of your needs with me around?"

"I never said that I was anti-gay," replied Sarah. "I also didn't say that I never had sexy feelings and maybe a little more about girls. So, why don't we enlighten each other? Tell me about your sex life. And, you can fill me in on why your hair is dark and your pussy is blond."

When Sarah looked at Nancy's crotch barely hidden behind the sheer panties, Nancy sipped and said, "Deal, if you tell me what it's like to have a totally shaved pussy."

Sarah laughed, nodded and encouraged Nancy to begin her tale.

For most of high school Nancy hadn't given much thought to sex at all. She was heavy into tennis, making All State her senior year.

Nancy admitted to being practically a sexual novice until her senior year.

"But, then things changed."

"Do tell," urged Sarah.

Nancy loved tennis. She admitted to being a fairly conscientious student, and so she allowed herself little free time. She had a couple girl friends, and a couple boy friends, though none of these relationships was sexual at that point.

She and her father were very close. She felt she could talk to him about almost anything. He often would ask her about her apparent lack of romance, and she would just say she hadn't met anyone special. He cautioned her about birth control and AIDS, and the other dangerous parts of sex, but he never implied that he expected her to remain a virgin forever.

By driving so hard at sports, Nancy never felt any overpowering sexual urges, and only rarely made unsatisfactory attempts at masturbation, finally giving up completely. She was content with her life, and found fulfillment in tennis, her home, and her father. She also had a small group of girl friends that she enjoyed hanging out with. Gwen was her BFF.

Entering senior year her sexual curiosity began to rise. Her three best friends, including Gwen, would often come over for a doubles match at her home court. They were obviously not close to her level in tennis, but she enjoyed the social aspect of spending time with her friends. Afterwards, they would slip on bathing suits and devote the rest of the day to swimming, tanning and gossip.

One Saturday afternoon in early May, Gwen told them of a secret she just happened on.

Gwen had a twin brother. He was on the baseball team. He and Gwen had long since passed the sibling hate stage, and had become friends. They shared almost everything. Gwen said the other night Todd, her brother, was talking about the guys and happened to mention that Zeke was thinking about getting circumcised. Todd said Zeke had gotten a couple infections and his doctor recommended it. Todd and the other guys already were circumcised and couldn't imagine having to have the tip of your dick snipped at this stage in life.

Gwen had only seen one guy naked, and that was Todd.

The girls giggled and one asked, "You see your brother naked?"

"Yeah, it's no big deal," said Gwen. After a pause, she added, "Well, actually it's kinda' big, if you know what I mean."

The others giggled, imagining what Todd might look like naked.

"God, he is so cute. I'd think it would be a very big deal to be able to see him swinging it in the wind," said Allison.

"Well, listen to my story, Allison, and you may get your wish."

Gwen picked up the story by explaining that she told Todd she was curious as to what an uncircumcised dick looked like. Todd said if she was that curious, she should check it out for herself. He said that a bunch of the guys usually went skinny-dipping at the Pit, an abandoned quarry filled with water. He said if she went around three or four in the afternoon, after baseball practice was over, she could do some comparison shopping. Gwen said she wasn't shopping, but was curious.

She swore Todd to secrecy, and he agreed. He told her this Saturday would be an excellent time, since they had a practice at noon and it was supposed to be a hot day for that time of year.

Since it was now 2 p.m. on Saturday and very warm, Gwen suggested a road trip. After a little nervous giggling and weighing the consequences that would befall them if they were caught, they agreed and raced to Nancy's car for the ride to the Pit. They parked out of sight at the bottom of the access road, and climbed an old trail through the woods. They had all heard about skinny-dipping at the Pit, and had a good idea where the best spot would be, a smooth rock--called the Table--along the south side of the Pit. From there you could walk or dive into the water.

The girls quietly made their way to a little rise that was well hidden behind thick bushes and undergrowth. They could see the Table from there, and hoped they couldn't be seen in return.

After what seemed like hours of waiting, but probably was no more than twenty minutes, they heard male voices coming toward the clearing. Peering between the branches, the four girls saw six young men come to the Table. There was Zeke, Adam, Timmy, Peter, Chas, the only non-white, and Todd. Two guys were carrying a cooler between them and set it down. They all immediately started stripping. The girls wanted desperately to giggle, but had to stifle their reactions.

Adam and Timmy were the first to be undressed and they ran straight to the water, followed soon by the other four. Because of the angle, the girls only saw the bare butts of the boys. The water must have been cold based on the whoops and cries as the guys dove in.

"Christ, my nuts are up around my fuckin' ears," yelled Adam. "It's freezing."

After a couple minutes the guys started to emerge. This time the girls were afforded full views. Adam came first and indeed his member looked cold and shriveled. He lifted his dick to show the others, "See, I told you. My freaking nuts have disappeared."

"Hey, they look the same to me. You never had any balls, Knight," offered Timmy. One by one the young men emerged and shook excess water from themselves. They then toweled themselves off with their tee shirts and walked to the cooler. They were now no more than ten feet away from the hiding place of the girls. The four women noticed the differences and similarities of the male anatomy. The largest, surprisingly was Todd, Gwen's brother. His also hung the straightest and was closest in color to the rest of his skin. His balls hung low and swayed as he walked. He had a flat stomach and hairless chest, and so his member surrounded by the blond nest provoked three silent thumbs up from Gwen's friends. Gwen just shrugged.

Adam and Timmy were similar in that they had small, stubby dicks, looking only a couple inches long with balls that seemed still affected by the cold water.

Chas had the thickest, and of course, the darkest one. Standing next to Timmy, Chas' black penis seemed at least twice the girth of the white boy's.

Allison made a wide-mouthed motion while moving her hand back and forth while pushing her cheek out with her tongue, indicating what it would take to have Chas in her mouth. The other three girls almost lost control over her mock fellatio.

Peter had a medium length member, but it was extremely skinny. Gwen thought of the term 'pencil dick' looking at Peter.

Zeke was the oddest. Indeed his penis looked different because it was uncircumcised. The hood of the shaft gave it a pointed rather than a bulbous look. He also was covered with black hair on his chest and back, giving him an ape-like appearance. There was hardly a break from his neck down to the slightly thicker patch around his groin. To accentuate the effect, Zeke had huge balls that hung nearly as far as the pointy tip of his member.

The guys lounged on the rocks drinking beer. Todd steered the conversation to Zeke's impending operation.

"Hey, man, what exactly do they do?"

Zeke explained and demonstrated. He knelt up and said, "First they send in an incredibly beautiful nurse with a set of tits out to here. She takes about an hour to wash my dick to get it ready for surgery. It shouldn't take that long, but her mouth can only work so fast."

The others tossed tee shirts and even an empty beer can at him for his stupid fantasy.

"No really, why do you need this surgery, man? Are you really having that many problems?" Todd asked.

Zeke stood up and showed them why. In doing so, he faced the spot where the girls are.

"You see underneath the sheath--that's what they call this part," explained Zeke as he pulled back the foreskin to reveal the tip of his penis, "it gets some bacteria or something. No matter how much I wash it, it can get infected. And, when it does, shit, does it hurt. Even taking a piss hurts. And, don't any of you assholes laugh, when I get a hard-on, the foreskin doesn't move back enough and it hurts."

"No shit," exclaimed Adam. "You mean you can't even get a hard-on?"

"Hey, I can get one, it's just that this skin doesn't pull back like it should, and it kind of gets stuck."

"Show us," asked Todd.

"Yeah, man, go on. I think this is so weird," chimed in Timmy.

"You fuckin' homos would probably get a kick out of that. But no way am I going to pull a boner. You guys would have it all over school in a day, and my life would be ruined."

"No way," continued Todd. "Look, we're just curious. Since we all got snipped at birth, we can't relate. It's just so bizarre to think that your dick doesn't work right."

The other guys all promised to be cool, and never to tell anyone.

"What the fuck," shrugged Zeke. He took it in hand and began to stroke. At first nothing happened. "Hey, I guess I'm sort of embarrassed, because I never have a problem getting a stiff one. I never stroked in front of anyone before."

Chas shouted, "Why don't you think of Thin Gwen, I know you've got the hots for her."

Todd flinched and turned toward where the girls were hiding. The women figured Todd must have guessed they were there.

"No remarks about my sister, you pervert," retorted Todd.

"No offense, man, but I know Zeke likes those tall ones with little titties. I'm just trying to be helpful."

Adam offered he'd rather think about Nancy. "God, do you ever see her in that tennis skirt. What I wouldn't give to be one of those balls she shoves inside her panties. I bet those tennis balls are in heaven and probably smell like heaven, too. And, her tits! God, they probably just stand right up there and ask to be sucked. "

Zeke retorted that he did think Gwen was sexy, even though she didn't have the biggest chest. "Really, Todd, I don't want to piss you off, but Gwen is so tall and pretty. When she wears that white tee shirt and her little nips are pushing through, God, that gets to me. And, her legs. They are so fucking long. With that tight little butt on top of them."

Todd shrugged and sipped his beer.

"Yeah, I'll grant you Gwen is pretty. But, Nancy has to have about the best body in the class," continued Adam. "You ever see her in a two-piece. I mean like her stomach is cut something fearsome. I bet you could bounce one of those tennis balls on it. And, I'll let you in on a little secret. When we were at Tina's party last week, all the girls were there. Well, Nancy had on this blue top with a wide neckline. And, she came over to talk to Gwen, who was sitting next to me. She bends over and I get a look right down her shirt. She's not wearing a bra. God, you shoulda' seen them. They were round, and white. I even got a peek at one of her nips, it was like chocolate brown. Fantastic."

The others all agreed that Nancy was a "sweet piece of ass. "

"Holy shit, look at me. I guess I need to get laid. And, Nancy would be just perfect to do it."

Adam stood up to show off his erection. Zeke was encouraged by this and with a few more strokes soon had his member rising. He showed the others how tight the hood was around the tip, and a little spot of red from an infection.

"See, I can't show some girl this. She'll think I got the clap or something. So, right after the season, I'm getting it done."

Peter then showed his erection. "Hell, I wouldn't care which one did me. They both are hot. I got turned on just imagining it."

Todd snorted, "Pete, you get a boner when a breeze blows. Man, it's embarrassing in class. All the girls can see the bulge."

"I can't help it. I get excited easily."

"Yeah, Mr. Eveready," said Adam, who rubbed his erection.

The girls all burned with embarrassment and excitement. Both Gwen and Nancy were red about being the objects of the boy's fantasies, and all four were marveling at the sight of the tumescent young men.

Todd looked in the direction of the girls' lookout. He looked up and mouthed the words, "I'm sorry."

The girls were touched by his sentiment. They were also disappointed that he was not hard.

Zeke and Adam announced that they were getting wet again to cool down their libidos. They raced to the water and dove in, followed in close order by Todd and Peter, with his thin boner leading the way.

Timmy and Chas stood at the Pit's edge and watched as the others made their way to a raft tied about twenty yards off shore. When they were convinced the guys in the water were not watching, they turned and kissed, then embraced. Timmy quickly dropped to his knees and took Chas' thick member into his mouth. Chas kept his eyes on the swimmers and his hands on Timmy's head. After a few moments, he pulled Timmy up and said they better get in the water before the others see them. The girls couldn't help but notice that both boys were still erect. Chas' cock was thick and stood out a lot more than Timmy's. The boys took hold of each other's penis and walked into the water until they were chest deep. Just then, Zeke climbed onto the raft and hollered back to them to come out. They both replied they didn't feel like it and were just going to sit in the warm part of the water.

The four at the raft turned their attention to diving and jumping in the water. The girls could sense that Timmy and Chas had their hands on each other and appeared to be silently stroking. In a few minutes with almost inaudible moans, both boys seemed to climax. They then started swimming toward the raft.

Gwen was the first to speak. "Let's get out while we can."

All nodded and began making their way quietly back to their car. On the way home, they each relived and retold the events, placing emphasis on the parts each found most exciting. They took great delight in rating each boy's manhood both in its soft and hard form.

Back at Nancy's they gathered by the pool. Gwen spoke.

"Look, what we saw today has to remain with us. It would really hurt Timmy and Chas if we were to tell. God, I felt so uncomfortable watching that. I'm sure Todd doesn't know, or he would have warned me, or told me not to come, or something. So, promise, guys, let's keep this to ourselves."

They all agreed, and Allison added, "as long as we can talk about it amongst ourselves. God, that was one of the sexiest things I've ever seen. I've got major seepage in my bottoms. And, Gwen, your brother is a major hunk. He has the best bod by far. And, the cutest dick."

They all agreed, gave each other high five's and made ready to go. Nancy offered to drive Gwen home, since the others lived in the opposite direction.

They arrived at Gwen's house, and she invited Nancy in. They grabbed a couple Diet Cokes from the kitchen and went up to Gwen's room. Gwen and Todd shared the third floor. They each had a good sized bedroom with a bath connecting them. Todd also had a small balcony off his bedroom that overlooked the back yard.

Gwen popped her Ipod into the dock and they plopped on her bed listening to the music and sipping the soda.

"Nancy," Gwen said, "I'm sorry about this afternoon. I mean I hope you weren't offended about the way those guys were talking about you."

Nancy laughed and assured her she wasn't. "Besides, at least they liked my body."

She admitted it was a little unsettling to think that guys were checking her out to such a degree. She admitted to Gwen that she thought she might look Ok, but not that good to feed some sex fantasy.

"Come on, Nancy. You are gorgeous. Besides, don't you ever think about guys and imagine what it might be like to have sex."

Nancy paused while she finished her can of soda. She was uncomfortable talking about her own intimate feelings, but of all people she trusted Gwen.

"Actually, I don't think about it too much. With my tennis and school, I am usually really busy. To tell the truth, today was my first experience seeing naked guys, except for pictures in magazines and a couple raunchy movies that I saw once. It definitely was my first time seeing a guy with an erection, and absolutely the first time I ever saw two gay guys going at it. So, maybe now I will have more thoughts about sex, but it still freaks me to think those guys have those sorts of feelings for me, and for you--Thin Gwen."

Gwen laughed, and retorted, "Yeah but I wasn't flashing my tits every time I bent over so Adam could get an eyeful."

"Bitch, I didn't do it on purpose. I am like so totally naive, I never even thought about something like that. And, is it such a big deal that guys get a look? I have a lot to learn."

Gwen laughed and said Nancy did have a lot to learn, but now she said they should get cleaned up and then have some dinner. Since they only had their bathing suits on, she said Nancy could wear some of her clothes.

Gwen went into the bathroom she shared with her brother, and started running a shower. She called out to Nancy to get a couple more drinks and some chips.

When Nancy returned from the kitchen, Gwen was sitting on the bed wrapped in a towel and drying her short blond hair with another one.

"I left a couple clean towels next to the shower."

Nancy gave her a cold soda, and took hers into the bathroom with her. She quickly dropped her bathing suit and took a hot shower, letting the water and soap renew her. She amazed herself with the tingling of her private area as she washed between her legs. This never happened. She kept thinking about the guys standing around with erections. She spent more time than necessary washing her sex. Sighing, she finally turned off the shower.

She wrapped one of the soft bath sheets around her and draped another towel around her head covering her damp hair. She went back into the bedroom.

Gwen was standing naked in front of the full length mirror. She was ostensibly combing her hair, but Nancy saw she was really checking out her own body.

"Relax, Gwen, you're beautiful."

Gwen looked at Nancy reflected in the mirror. Since both had seen each other naked since freshman year neither was bothered by the nudity.

"You think so? I think they're right. My tits are like non-existent."

Her hands cupped her small breasts and she turned one way then another. She tugged at her nipples, stretching out the small mounds. She examined her side, and turned to try to appraise her derriere.

"What is it that guys want anyway?" Gwen sighed facing the mirror again with her hands on her hips. "I am pretty, in good shape; have enough brains not to show those guys how smart I really am, but because of these tiny things, I am put in a special category. God, what is about tits that is so fucking important? "

"Gwen, your boobs are not that small, " Nancy said. "They're kinda cute and look good on you. Really."

"Come here," she called to Nancy.

Nancy approached and stood next to her friend, both looking at the mirror. Gwen gestured to the towel around Nancy and said 'please'.

Nancy undid the towel and stood naked along side the taller Gwen.

"Now really, is there that much difference?" asked Gwen. "We both have pretty faces, trim bodies, tits, and great pussies."

Gwen laughed and said, "Who the hell am I kidding. You have spectacular boobs and I have wanna-be boobs."

She reached over and took the towel off Nancy's head. Nancy responded by shaking her hair free and then pulling it behind her ears with her hands.

Gwen turned sideways again and made Nancy do the same, and then with their backs to the mirror, tried once more to appraise the rear view.

From the bathroom door came a low voice, "Want a professional opinion?"

Both girls shrieked and instinctively covered up as they spun to see Todd standing there. Nancy and Gwen used the same approach to modesty by placing one arm across their breasts and the other down so the hand could cover the crotch.

Gwen then realized how stupid this was since she and Todd were always running bare-assed in and out of their shared bath. She dropped her hands to her hips and asked how long he'd been standing there.

"Not that long. But long enough to see that Adam would be surprised to see that Nancy not only does have spectacular breasts and but she is also a natural blond."

Nancy flipped Todd the bird, then realized she exposed her lower half in doing so.

"Hey, relax. Look, I've already seen you, and you've seen me today. So face the mirror, and I will give you a guy's perspective."

Gwen and Nancy caught each other's eye and with a mutual twinkle turned to see their naked reflection with Todd's head positioned between theirs. He was shirtless and wearing blue baggy boxers with red tomatoes imprinted on them.

"First, Gwen. Now, since you are my sister, I suppose I have to think that any guy who thinks you are pretty, must be warped. But, I will try to put myself in their place. Seriously, your face is really cute. I know you hate 'cute'. But it fits. As a matter of fact, most of the guys say you are really cute. Your hair is too short for my taste, and, frankly, makes you look a little butch. That, combined with your titless chest places you high on the possible lesbo list."

Gwen turned on him. "Are you serious?"

"Yeah, sort of. Now turn around."

Gwen faced the mirror again. Nancy was so intent on Todd's description that her entire concentration was fixed on whatever he was describing, and she was no longer aware of her own nudity.

"Tits? Well, they are there. Actually, it's true. Zeke has mentioned he thinks you are really hot. He likes girls tall and thin, and with not much upstairs. We kid him that he really is looking for a tall, thin guy."

Nancy and Gwen glanced at each other and burst into laughter. Gwen managed to get out a sentence between sniggers. "Oh, I don't think it's Zeke that's looking for something with a dick."

"What are you talking about?" asked Todd.

"Hey, just finish up, and we might tell you," answered Gwen.

"You, two, are too weird. Anyway, your tits are small, but they are attractive, really. Guys like to kid about tits that aren't like 48s, but if they saw these, they would love them. You do have outstanding nipples and they stand out nicely."

Nancy punched her friend in the arm. "See, even your brother thinks you have nice boobs." The girls laughed at the absurdity of being evaluated by her brother. Gwen felt herself blushing slightly at the compliment from Todd.

Todd continued, "You have a good tummy and surprisingly wide hips. Now don't go thinking they are too wide, or that you look too broad in the beam. They are sexy, sort of. Your, ah, your, you know...well, it's nice and blond. And you have great legs. Now turnaround."

Gwen complied, winking at Nancy in the process.

"Sis, you have one fantastic ass. It is tight, round and dimpled. Can't get much better than that." He slipped one hand on her cheek and gave it a squeeze. "Yep, awesome."

"Nancy's turn," giggled Gwen as she stepped behind Todd and shoved him forward so he was next to Nancy at the mirror. Not looking directly at her, but appraising her figure through the mirror, Todd began.

"This is kind of strange. I've known you so long, Nance, and now here you are naked. And, I must say you are beautiful. Your hair is nice, a great color, but we'll get to that later. Your face and blue eyes are fantastic. Most of the guys think you are the best head in the senior class. And, if they could only see these tits. Jesus, I think they are perfect. The way they stand out, with the nipples pointing up. God, they look so firm."

Gwen put her head on her brother's shoulder and spoke into his ear.

"Go on, feel them."

Todd checked Nancy's gaze in the mirror, but could not read it.

Gwen then moved behind Nancy and slipped her arms around her friend's waist. Reaching out she took one of Todd's hands and guided it to Nancy's right breast. She then put her own hand on Nancy's left breast.

"See, Todd. It is firm, round and soft--all at the same time. Now feel the nipple. See how it gets stiff. Pinch it softly and pull it. Watch how the breast moves up. Now, let it go. See that little bounce. God, that is sexy."

"Have you two done this before?" he asked.

"No way," said Nancy emphatically, her cheeks ablaze with a combination of embarrassment and arousal.

Gwen just smiled and again played with Nancy's nipple. Todd removed his hand and a moment later Gwen did the same. She remained behind Nancy, with her hands encircling her friend's waist and her small breasts and hard nipples pushing into Nancy's back. Nancy felt a slight wetness between her legs.

Todd continued his observations. "Adam was right about your stomach. It is awesome."

As he spoke, Gwen traced the outline of the muscles and gently prodded Nancy's navel with her fingernail.

"Now, here's the part I don't understand. Why die your hair? Your, you know, your..."

Gwen said, "For christsakes, call it something, Idiot. How about 'pussy' or 'bush'?"

Todd nodded. "Your bush is fantastic. It's so full and silky-looking. And, you're a real blond. Don't most women who want to be blonds, die their hair and end up with a light top and a dark bush? You do the opposite. What gives?"

As he spoke, Gwen reached down and tufted out some of the soft, blond patch. Nancy was becoming more confused, and more overcome with racing sexual emotions.

Todd noticed what his sister was doing to Nancy, and slowly placed his own hand on Nancy's pubic hair.

He stroked and rubbed gently on her lips hidden underneath.

"That is very soft and sexy, Nance," he said.

Gwen also continued to run her fingers through her patch. Her girlfriend had never touched her before, nor had she ever indicated a desire to do so. Yet, a few seconds ago Gwen was feeling her breast and now her most private area, and Nancy was not moving to stop her. In addition, Todd's touch excited her. There had been one or two guys, at summer camp, who had gotten to second base and had a quick feel of her breasts, but never as openly as Todd or Gwen had just done.

Gwen now placed both of her hands on Nancy's hips as Todd described them. As he raved about her legs, Gwen ran her fingers down the outside of her thighs, and then back up the inside, letting her two index fingers travel over the entrance to her sex.

Todd then reached out and followed his sister's hand and rested it on Nancy's light mound. "OK, tell me. Why do you dye your hair?"

Nancy was confused as Gwen ran her fingers through her blond bush and Todd gently rubbed where her clit lay hidden under her outer lips.

"Well, I guess it's because of my mother," said Nancy. She tried to keep her voice even, though her emotions were on high. "She is a blond, and always spends so much time on her hair, thinking it's so beautiful. So I decided not to look like her. I started coloring it when I began high school, so most of the people here only know me as a brunette. I thought my mother would freak out when I did it, but she didn't."

Both Todd and Gwen kept stroking her thighs and rubbing her crotch lightly. They seemed almost in synch, like they have done it before. Gwen had also slipped her hand back on Nancy's breast and softly squeezed as her friend told her narrative.

"I then figured it out," whispered Nancy, fighting the urge to moan. "My mother was jealous of my hair. It was as silky and full as her own. So, when I colored it brunette, it actually worked to my mother's advantage. She never hassled me, and even took me to her hairdresser to get a better coloring job."

Nancy then shook all over. "Now, you two can stop driving me crazy. I am like ready to burst." The two others slowly removed their hands.

Nancy continued by saying she was dying and needed a drink before she passed out. Gwen ordered Todd to run downstairs and get beers, not Diet Cokes, from the refrigerator.

When he left the room, Nancy hung her head down and searched the floor for her towel.

Gwen put her foot on top of it and raised Nancy's chin with her hand. She moved forward and kissed Nancy gently on the lips, then took her hand and led her to the bed. Gwen reached out and pulled the covers back, exposing the cool cotton sheets. She climbed onto the bed and tugged Nancy after her. The two sat with their backs against the pillows. As they heard Todd's footsteps coming down the hall, Gwen whispered into Nancy's ear. Nancy readily nodded.

Todd appeared with a six pack in one hand and a bag of pretzels in the other.

"Where do you want these?" he asked.

The two girls got off the bed and stood on either side of the young man. With a nod from Gwen as the signal, they stooped and in unison pulled on the loose boxer shorts he was wearing. In a second they were around his ankles. He laughed and stepped out of them and the three retreated to the bed, with Todd, his hands still filled with food and drink, positioned in the middle.

Laying back the girls took beers, and put the other three on the side table. Gwen opened the pretzels and positioned the bag on her brother's stomach.

"That was quite some show this afternoon, brother dear."

"Yeah, well, I didn't think the guys would be talking about you like they did. Sorry. But at least you got to see Zeke's problem, so to speak."

"That's not all we're talking about," purred Gwen as she munched on a pretzel.

"What?" Todd was obviously confused.

Gwen reached over her brother to pull Nancy toward her. With their faces directly in front of his, Gwen asked.

"Should we tell him?"

"Only if he swears to secrecy," responded Nancy.

"Do you swear to secrecy, brother dear?"

"Swear, what? OK, I guess so."

"Not good enough," replied Gwen. "Nancy, give me your hand."

With the first effects of the beer reaching her brain, Nancy offered Gwen her hand. Gwen then directed it to Todd's crotch, and pushed it on to his testicles. With her hand on top of Nancy's she squeezed.

"Jesus, don't do that. You could hurt me. Ow, that does hurt now."

Gwen removed her hand, but Nancy retained her lock on Todd's privates.

"Now, Todd, swear that you will never tell anyone what we are about to tell you. If you do, Nancy will find you and finish what she's doing right now. She has a grip of steel from all that tennis."

To emphasize the point, Nancy gave a tiny squeeze that produced a yelp from Todd.

"I promise, I promise. Just don't squeeze again."

Gwen nodded to Nancy, who slowly removed her hand. Reflexively Todd reached down and softly rubbed his balls—something Nancy found erotic.

Gwen then retold the tale of the embrace and more between Timmy and Chas.

"Jeez, I would have never thought those two were homos. God, I'll never be able to take a shower with them again."

Gwen assured her brother that he was safe, and that gay people are not interested in non-gay people. "Gays," she said,"and not 'homos' want to have a relationship with someone who wants the same as they do.

Todd acknowledged that Gwen was making sense, then asked with a teasing tone, "How come you know so much about gays?"

"Fuck you, Bro." she said. Then, Gwen laughed and then asked Nancy to tell Todd what the girls thought of him.

"Well, we all thought you were the best. Your, um, you know, your...."

The two girls laughed.

Nancy continued. "Your dick was the longest by far, although Chas' was pretty thick and when it was stiff it looked awesome. Seeing guys naked, and guys with hard-ons was a first. But, we did agree that you had the best one."

"Of course," Gwen picked up, "as Nancy said it was a little difficult to judge in the end, because you were the only one we didn't see with a hard-on. And, for the sake of veracity, I think we should correct that deficiency for Nancy's sake."

Todd laughed. "Then you should have checked me out when I was—well, when we—were touching Nancy."

"It's never too late," retorted Gwen.

She swept the bag of pretzels from Todd's tummy, and took Nancy's beer from her hands. She put both cans on the night stand and the girls shifted position so that their heads were now even with Todd's crotch and their feet at the head of the bed.

"OK, do your magic," commanded Gwen.

"It's not exactly like that. You saw Zeke, it sometimes takes a while."

Gwen reached out and lifted her brother's limp member. Using it as a microphone, she announced "all hands on deck, ready for inspection." All three howled.

Gwen then handed the mike to Nancy. Nancy hesitated. She had never touched a boy before, except a few moments ago when she exacted the promise from Todd. Gingerly she took the member and was pleasantly surprised at its heft and warmth. She squeezed it, then let it rest in her hand.

Gwen said, "Let me show you."

Taking Todd's soft dick in her hand, she slowly stroked her brother, moving her fingers lightly up and down his shaft. Then, grabbing Nancy's hand she positioned her own hand atop Nancy's and slowly began a stroking motion that elicited a smile, a moan, and a rush of blood to the areas being touched. Gwen removed her hand from his shaft and began massaging his balls as Nancy continued. Soon, a fully erect penis was right before their eyes.

"That's awesome," breathed Nancy.

"Show her where it feels best, Todd," urged his sister.

Todd reached down and directed Nancy's touch to the area right under the tip. She moved her fingers up and down there, and from his reaction, knew she was doing something right. She continued to stroke his length, which seemed to grow even more, within her encircled fingers, and gave special attention to that spot under the tip.

Gwen watched with a sly grin. As Nancy's gaze met hers, Gwen mouthed to Nancy to kiss Todd's erection. Nancy shook her head, but Gwen only indicated more strongly that was what she should do. Nancy abandoned herself to the moment, and tentatively put her tightly closed lips to Todd's tip. He moaned out loud, and she quickly withdrew.

"No, no," said Gwen softly. "You're doing it all wrong. Watch."

She bent over and tenderly kissed Todd's erection and then took it in her mouth, eliciting animal sounds from him.

She pulled off and said to Nancy, "Give me your finger and I'll show you what to do. "

Nancy reached across Todd's groin and extended her index finger. Her friend took it, kissed it from tip to knuckle, licked it all over, then sucked it into her mouth, using her tongue to put pressure on inside.

A chill passed through Nancy's naked body with this experience. She felt a growing dampness between her legs and a look passed between these two friends. Slowly, Nancy withdrew her finger, then tenderly re-enacted the lesson on Gwen's brother's stiff penis. As she took the strange organ into her mouth, she understood the power that women could have over men. With this most precious part of him inside her, he was completely at her mercy. She placed a little pressure on him with her teeth and felt him squirm. With an upward motion and a sucking, she lifted his butt off the bed. His hands became entwined in her hair, and he held her down on him. Again, she used her teeth, and he loosened his pressure so she could continue. Removing her mouth she used her tongue all along every side of the shaft. She cradled his balls in her hand and once again felt the power over this strong, young body.

"Kiss his balls, Nancy," urged Gwen. Gwen held one of her brother's testicles up and Nancy pressed her lips to it. With Gwen's urging, Nancy held the ball itself and began kissing it and running her tongue over the bumpy surface.

"No, like this," Gwen said softly. She isolated one of Todd's balls and sucked it into her mouth. He gasped and his penis started glistening with liquid at the tip. Gwen released him and Nancy tentatively took his other nut and mimicked what she saw her friend do.

"Ah, fuck, that feels good," said Todd.

She released his ball and took his erection once more in her mouth. She closed her eyes and let her tongue and lips be the only senses involved. Suddenly, Nancy felt a touch on her breasts. She opened her eyes to see that Gwen was no longer across from her on the bed. She pulled her head off Todd and turned her neck to see behind her. Her blond friend was standing directly in back of her and was bending over to fondle her breasts as she attended to her brother. Gwen smiled gently at Nancy and tweaked each nipple. Nancy swooned, and then turned back to Todd, whose eyes remained closed, used his hands to urge her head and mouth to take up the task. Once again she swallowed as much of the long shaft as she could. She knew with one strong clamp of her jaws she could end Todd's life as a male. She teased him with her teeth as both that concept and the soft touch of Gwen's fingers now between her own legs now drove her forward. She began the motion on his erection more rapidly, imitating the technique she had witnessed just a few seconds before by Gwen. With one hand securely circled at the base of Todd's tremendously engorged member and using it as a counter force to her movement and sucking, she used her tongue and teeth to torment him.

From behind she heard Gwen warn, "Todd, do not come in her mouth. "

"Well, she better take me out then, now."

Nancy felt Gwen's hand on her hair pulling her away. Gwen's other hand was buried between her legs, with one finger running up and down her very wet slit. As Nancy released Todd, he urged her to stroke him. She did so twice, before a great spasm shook him and shots of milky liquid escaped the tip of his penis, just inches before her eyes and landed in small puddles on his stomach and chest. At the moment of Todd's ejaculation, Nancy felt a finger slip deep inside her. She moaned and reached back to gently pull Gwen's hand away.

Nancy rested her head on Todd's thighs and watched as the liquid ran down his sides onto the sheet, and his once grand erection slowly wilt and lie on its side. Gwen now sat at the head of the bed cross-legged and smiling.

Nancy reached out to the soft penis and tilted the tip back to kiss it one more time. There were a couple drops still glistening and she took them on her tongue. Before she could swallow, Gwen bent down and kissed her, forcing her tongue inside. Together they shared the slightly salty taste.

Todd, with his eyes still closed, missed this last secret exchange.

Gwen jumped from the bed and returned in a second with a warm, damp washcloth. She wiped clean his chest, stomach and penis. She then attended to the small rivulets down his side.

With the washing done, each girl took a place beside Todd and all three sipped beers.

"Jesus." That was the only word shared among them for five minutes, and that came from Todd.

He soon handed his beer to Gwen to place on the night stand, and rolled on his side and soon emitted the soft, steady breathing of a deep sleep.

Nancy spooned him from behind and faced her friend.

"Well, isn't this an unexpected afternoon."

Gwen turned on her side, her head propped up with one arm. "And?"

"And? Well, let's see. Today I saw my first erection, correction—erections plural, witnessed two guys having sex, gave my first blow job--to my best friend's brother, and had this same best girl friend's hand in my pussy. All in all, not your typical Saturday."

Gwen smiled. "No, not typical, but not bad either."

"Gwen, what's going on here? Like, did you plan all this?"

Gwen reached across her sleeping brother and stroked Nancy's cheek. Then she slid her hand down and cupped one of her breasts as it hung near Todd's back. Nancy stiffened and removed her friend's hand.

"Not here," she whispered.

She got up and walked into the bathroom to pee.

Gwen followed her and stood over her as Nancy attended to her needs. When she had finished, Gwen suggested they go into Todd's room to talk. Nancy nodded and followed the long legs and dimpled butt of her friend into the jumbled mess that was Todd's bedroom. Gwen swept piles of dirty clothes onto the floor and propped one set of pillows at the head and another set at the foot of the bed. She told Nancy to take a seat, and then disappeared back into the bathroom, returning in a moment with their unfinished beers and bag of pretzels. Nancy marveled at the naked form as she approached. With the long legs and firm thighs leading the way, she watched the blond pussy coming her way. Gwen's breasts hardly moved as she stepped over a pile of clothes.

She handed Nancy's beer to her, put the bag in the middle of the bed and took up her position with her back against the footboard, her long legs stretched out in front.

The two naked women sipped and nibbled in silence for a while, neither making eye contact with the other. Finally, Gwen spoke.

"No. I planned nothing. I thought it would be a kick to watch the guys skinny-dipping, but that was it. Then when they were talking about us, I kind of got turned on, especially thinking about you. Back here things just sort of happened. Although, I would be less than honest if I didn't admit that I've had a crush on you for a while. Today, the vibes seemed right. So, here we are."

"Where are we?"

"Well, I was hoping you and I could explore and see if there is anything besides just being friends for us. You didn't seem to mind my touching you before," Gwen softly stroked Nancy's foot as she spoke.

"You mean like before, when you and Todd were feeling me up. Or, when I was blowing your brother and you were stroking me. Well, these are kind of hard to use as an examples, since they were the first time I'd ever been in a sexual situation. Actually, I never have been in any real sexual situation, except for making out a couple times last year at tennis camp. With guys, I might add. So, are you a lesbian? And, like, who knows, or who do you do it with? I don't think I want to get labeled at school as a dyke."

As she spoke, Nancy removed Gwen's hand from her foot, though the touch lingered in her consciousness.

Gwen got off the bed and motioned Nancy to follow. They walked through the mess that was Todd's room, with clothes dropped everywhere, assorted sports equipment strewn all over, and piles of books and magazines arranged to prevent more than two steps in any direction before having to avert tripping.

"I need some air," Gwen offered as she led the way.

Gwen took Nancy's hand and led her past the mess to a set of French doors. She pushed them open to reveal a small sitting porch that overlooked the pool in the back. There was an old cushioned lounger and a wicker chair. Gwen sat on the lounger and pulled Nancy with her. Nancy faced forward and leaned back against her friend, feeling the small breasts against her back. Gwen held Nancy between her knees with her arms wrapped around her shoulders. She kissed the back of her head several times then spoke softly in her friend's ear.

"God, I don't know where to begin. First, am I a lesbian? No, not strictly speaking. If I had to categorize myself, I would check off bi-sexual, with heavy lesbian leanings. I am not a virgin with either guys or women. You might have guessed I knew something about blow jobs. And, no, Todd and I are not having sex—well, intercourse. Neither of us has any true incestuous feelings. We have experimented some, but never have fucked each other. It really was just experimentation and helping each other take the edge off horniness."

"Details, darling, details," said Nancy as she pulled Gwen's hand onto her exposed breast.

"Oh, so you do like sex," exclaimed Gwen.

"Right now, I like hearing about it. I also like the feel of your hand on my tit. I liked it from the moment you touched me as Todd was evaluating us."

"Well, let's see," said Gwen as she gently rolled Nancy's nipple between her fingers.

She told Nancy that she and Todd had been living in that space since they were about 10. At first, they were super cautious about privacy. But, as time went on, they relaxed. Soon, it was no big deal for them to hang out in underwear.

Gwen and her twin were kept back a year when they were in pre-school. Their parents thought it would help them later on. So, they were at least a year older than their classmates.

In junior year, they had already turned eighteen. Gwen began to notice that Todd was keeping his door closed a lot. She thought he might be playing with himself, but wasn't sure.

One day, she heard him come in from a run. He went into the bathroom and closed the door on her side and she heard the shower start.

Gwen was curious about what a guy looked like naked, and had tried to peek a couple times, but only saw his butt, so she figured what the hell.

She opened the bathroom door and went in. She could see Todd behind the frosted glass shower door, but couldn't see any detail. His back was to her, and she could see his ass as he backed into the glass door a couple times.

Then he turned sideways and she could just make out he was spending a lot of time with his hands in his crotch area. She decided to act.

She opened the door and there he was stroking away. He didn't notice his sister for a second or two and then freaked out. He yelled at her to go away, but she just stood there looking at his hard-on. It looked so neat.

"What?" he finally said.

"I like looking at you you naked," she said. "Were you jerking off?"

"Christ, Gwen, you shouldn't be asking me that."

"Why not?"

"Well, I don't know. It just seems a sister is not supposed to ask her brother things like that."

"Well, you've been doing it in your room haven't you?"

"Have you been spying on me?" Todd screamed.

"No, but you keep your door closed and I found all those skin magazines under your bed, so I figured you must be doing it."

"Shit, Gwen, you shouldn't be searching my room."

"It's Ok, but I think those women look stupid with their big tits."

Gwen stared at his now semi-hard cock and then said, "I want to watch you do it."

"No way."

"Yeah, why not?"

"'Cause you're my sister."

"Stupid answer. Come on, do it."

Todd looked at her and then stepped back into the shower.

"Get in."

She stepped into the large stall and Todd closed the door.

"Take your top off."

Gwen lifted her t-shirt over her head and threw it out of the shower. Todd stared at her little tits with the dark nipples standing up and smiled. "Nice, Gwen, really they are nice."

She smiled.

"Panties?"

"Think not. Do it."

Todd was standing with the water cascading down his back. Even so, Gwen was getting wet and her white panties soon were practically transparent.

Todd soaped up his hand and began slowly stroking himself. His erection has sagged while they were talking, but now was back at full hardness. He closed his eyes and picked up the pace and his mouth dropped open.

He let out a couple grunts and an explosion of white liquid shot out of his dick and landed on Gwen's stomach rolling down into her blond pubic hair barely covered by the wet panties and splattered her thighs. He stroked some more and a few shorter bursts sort of dribbled down his legs.

"Awesome," she said.

He opened his eyes and smiled. He hugged her and she felt his semi-stiff penis push between her legs.

They rinsed off the remains of his orgasm with Gwen soaping and washing his semi-hard cock, enjoying the feel of the first boy she ever touched. They finished and stepped out onto the mat.

"Gwen, I can see your pussy through those panties, why not take them off."

She looked down and saw they were even more revealing than a minute ago. She looped her thumbs in the band and slid them off.

Todd looked up and down and focusing on the neatly trimmed pussy, said, "Cool. Sis, you are really sexy."

After that, they were probably naked more than clothed when in their rooms. Their parents never came up. They said it was too much trouble climbing all those stairs. Once a week, their cleaning lady came up, changed the sheets, ran the vac and dusted.

So, the twins enjoyed freedom from parental intrusion. They took full advantage and each got to satisfy a desire for both exhibitionism and voyeurism. Gwen even got to watch Todd pee. She thought that was cool seeing how he could direct his piss. She often would dash into the bath when she heard Todd start to pee.

Todd never closed his door any more and she could look in and see him masturbating almost every night. Gwen never grew tired of it.

One night they were sitting in Gwen's bed, naked as usual. They were working on math homework.

"Gwen?"

"Yeah?"

"You watch me jerk off, right?"

"Yeah. Does that bother you?"

"No. Actually it's kinda' sexy knowing your looking at me."

He paused and then asked, "Do you masturbate?"

She remained silent.

Todd prodded, "Well?"

"Todd, this is going to sound totally lame, but I tried and nothing really happened."

"Didn't it feel good?"

"It really didn't feel like much of anything. I don't think I'm doing it right."

Todd was quiet for a while. "Maybe I could help."

"You! How?"

"Well, Janice and I sort of do it to each other."

"Janice Anderson! You jerk off with the prom queen. Holy shit, bro, you are cool. But, doesn't she like go out with Al the Ape from the football team."

"Yeah, but he is such a dumb jock. Janice says he has no clue what he's doing down there and won't let her show him what she likes. We were sitting together on the bus coming back from the field trip to the game. Al had the flu and didn't make the trip. It was dark and we were in the back. Somehow, we just started really talking with each other and one of us made some stupid sex joke about jerking off was the last resort of the desperate. Janice said it would be a joke if it weren't true. I asked her what she meant and she tried to slough it off. But, I kept pushing her and finally she took my hand, squeezed it and really opened up.

"She said she would come home from a date with Al and have to get herself off.

"I was sorta' shocked at hearing a girl talking about masturbating, but also got turned on. We talked for a while, and, she quietly asked if I jerked off. Yes, I told her I did it—a lot. And after this conversation, I said I would be doing it a lot more. She laughed and said she liked a guy who was honest.

"She asked me if I ever masturbated a girl. I told her the truth that I hadn't. I had touched a couple girls there, but nothing more than that, and I had no clue what to do to make a girl feel good.

She said she could teach me. I just had to promise to let her tell me what to do and not be an asshole like Al.

"So, the next afternoon I went over to her house. Her parents were not home. We went up to her bedroom. She was a little nervous, but said she had thought about me coming over all night and got really turned on. When I told her I felt the same, she hugged me.

"Then she took off her jeans, dropped her panties and began lesson number one. After I got over the shock of seeing the most popular and awesome girl in our class sitting there with her dark pussy wide open, I turned my attention to what she wanted. I was a star pupil. I realized that Janice likes Al, but misses getting off. So, she was certainly giving me a thrill, but also getting a lot out of it for herself. We still get together for play sessions. It's funny, we don't do anything else. I've seen her naked, nice tits, but we don't make out, don't have oral, don't fuck.

"After the first session, she welcomed me at the front door, wearing her prom queen crown and nothing else. She led me up to her room and told me to strip. I complied and she looked me over, evaluating every inch, including my boner. Saying she liked my body, she spread her legs and rubbed her pussy. She said it was time, she returned the pleasure I had been giving her.

"So, we began to have mutual masturbation dates. When we are through, we kiss each other, but it's weird, it's more like a friend-kiss than a sex-kiss.

"So, if you need some help, I can do it."

Gwen thought about having her own brother teach her to play with herself. She figured it was worth a shot.

"Todd really was an excellent teacher," Gwen said to Nancy. "He showed me how to touch myself, how to excite my clit, and lots more, even how to use a dildo to stimulate my g spot. After a few lessons, I was going solo.

"We then gradually got into being together in bed and watching each other masturbate. That was lots of fun, but we both craved the touch of another. So, one day we decided that we would do each other.

"I had never done a boy, and Todd had to teach me. I took to it quite well. After that, we would do it together or sometimes one of us would just be served by the other. I honestly don't think it's perverse. We know we aren't going to have real sex and it's fun.

"Eventually, we knew we had to try oral. Neither of us knew squat. Todd said that Janice explained it, and showed him where to use his tongue, but would not let him go down on her for more than a couple minutes as she gave him some directions. She said he was doing great, but that was too intimate since she was dating Al.

"We rented a couple porno movies and then just used the old tried and true do-it-until-it-feels-right method.

"Right now, I'd have to say he gives good head, real good head. He seems to likewise enjoy my blow jobs. I even got to like swallowing. Sounds gross at first, but I like the taste and feel and it seems like the right way to finish a Class A blow job.

"Todd now is sort of going steady with Mandy and he tells me she keeps him quite satisfied. So, we haven't masturbated or done oral for a while."

All while Gwen was speaking, she played with both of Nancy's breasts, twisting and teasing her nipples. Nancy was quite moist when Gwen finished her tale.

"So, there must be more to your sex life than playing with Todd?" I asked.

Gwen sighed.

"Sure, I have given other guys blow jobs and gotten laid. You know, Henry, from French class? Well, somehow he and I ended up at the back of the bus, must be a family trait, as we returned from one of our field trips to the city. We started talking, then our legs sort of rubbed together, then we held hands, then we kissed. It was sexy and exciting, being so close to the other people on the bus and making out. He put my hand in his lap and I felt his hard-on through his pants. The next weekend he came over here, my parents were gone for the weekend, as usual. We swam, had lunch and then came to my room and screwed each other. It was my first time, and probably close to his as well. We kept it going for a month or so, but it soon petered out.

"But, last summer was not lost. At camp, I met Bernadette, another counselor. She was a full-fledged gay woman, two years older than us. She acted straight with the kids, but one night she came on to me after we made our rounds of the camp. I just sort of let her take me. I liked it, I liked her, and so that summer, I lived the life of a lesbo. She was way better than Todd at eating a pussy.

"Nancy, the first time I had a women lick my pussy, I knew that's what I wanted. She anticipated what I wanted, worked me to incredible highs and sent me screaming over the edge. No guy could ever do that. My first experience of kissing a woman there was strange. I obviously did not know a lot, but tried to do to her what I liked her to do to me.

"The first time I was really, really uptight about what I might taste as I kissed her between her legs. My anxiety immediately disappeared as I got my first licks in. I loved the taste, the smell the consistency of her juices. Nance, I loved it all. I wanted more."

"Back at school for the start of our senior year, at first I had no sexual encounters with anyone in our school--boy or girl. Although, I did have a little fling with that really cute blond waitress at the ice cream shop--you know the one with the nose ring. We kind of made eye contact, and I hung around after closing. She knew what was up, and we made love in the back seat of her daddy's car--a big old Buick. She had a tattoo between her navel and her shaved bush. It was a tropical fish of some kind. She also had a rose on her butt, like Cher is supposed to have. She tried to explain the tattooing, but I never got it. I don't like needles to begin with, and the thought of having something stuck in my body is disgusting. Although, I did find it a little arousing to look at her naked with her tattoos. We saw each other a few more times, but she and I knew it was going no where.

"She was very heavy into lesbianism, talked about hating men, and how the world would be a better place if we got rid of all the men. I tried to tell her that we'd all be gone in a generation if there were no men. She had some bizarre concept of just keeping a huge supply of sperm on tap, and women could go on procreating without fornicating. She didn't seem to have thought through what she would do with the male babies that would be born. I was getting a little wigged out, and stopped going to the store, and she stopped calling me. But, I must admit the sex was good, especially licking her bald pussy. She taught me quite a bit about giving and receiving."

The warm afternoon sun felt good on Nancy's skin. She enjoyed listening to her friend talk, and felt comfortable snuggled in her embrace. She asked her about other experiences she had.

"Actually, Mandy, Todd's girlfriend, and I got it on a couple times. Todd was screwing her in his room. I waited until the animal noises stopped, and waltzed in. Of course I was nude. Todd looked at me and hi. Mandy looked a bit surprised, but recovered and waved.

"I hope it was as good as it sounded," I said.

Todd smiled and Mandy said it was. I asked if they wanted something to drink. They agreed and I started to head downstairs. I heard something behind me and saw a naked Mandy coming along. She is very pretty. Mandy is about your height, dark hair, good boobs, and a neatly trimmed pussy. Since our parents were gone for the weekend, we felt free strolling through the house nude. I was digging in the fridge for beer when I felt Mandy's hand on my ass. I didn't jump, so she moved it from my cheek to between my legs and lightly caressed my puss. I stood and pulled her into my arms. We kissed passionately and let our hands discover the many erogenous zones of each other.

"Returning to Todd's bed, Mandy and I made out and Todd explored each of us. He and I then teamed up on Mandy. I ate her out as he had his dick sucked. In the end, I played with her clit as he screwed her. Afterwards as we were cuddling, Mandy said Todd had told her about what he and I do with each other. Mandy asked if I was ever with a woman and Todd said yes. Mandy said she always wanted to do it with a girl and found me really attractive. When I walked in and she saw me nude, it made up her mind. After that, we got together about four other times. Todd and I found a rhythm on how to please her. One time, she and I got together at her house and had a marathon girl on girl fuck session. She was an animal."

Nancy asked if that was how she and Todd seemed to act in unison when they were feeling her in front of the mirror.

"Guilty," said Gwen.

Nancy asked what else was doing in her sex life.

"Well, I did say I was bi-. It wasn't until later that I got physical with a boy again." Gwen continued. She had her face close to Nancy's head and Nancy could feel the air move as Gwen spoke into her ear. One of Gwen's hands had left her breast and was now softly scratching her pubic area.

"After the waitress, and after Henry, I did miss having a sexual relationship of my own. Todd and I mostly stopped what we liked to call our experimentation with Mandy. Once in a while we will have a mutual jerk-off session, and last week I joined him in the shower and jerked him off. He went down on me once when I was feeling totally alone. It was fun and I totally got off. God, the girls that lands him will be in for a real treat. But, we are not emotionally in love or anything, and I mean it.

"My man this year, and you probably will not believe this, was Phillip, the computer geek."

Nancy shrieked and turned around to face her friend. "No way. He is a nerd, and a geek. Like, you never even talked to him. Now, you're telling me you and he were lovers?"

Gwen smiled and kissed Nancy. This took Nancy by surprise, but she meekly kissed back. Gwen then turned Nancy back around, so she could continue embracing her. "Yes. And, he was fantastic."

Gwen shifted around to make herself more comfortable. She repositioned Nancy, and continued her tale, with her hand now between Nancy's legs and gently rubbing the warm, wet and tender slit.

"Remember Phillip and I were teamed up on that yearbook project back in October?"

"Oh, I forgot about that. Yeah, you two did spend a lot of time together." Nancy took a deep breath, "Gwen, you are totally turning me on. Do you know that?"

"That's what I'm trying to do, Nance."

Nancy let out a long sigh.

"Well," picked up Gwen, "we had to work close to each other for a couple weeks. I mean physically close like sitting side by side. Phillip did most of the layout, and I did most of the creative ideas and writing of copy. But, the point is we were together a lot. He was shy, but as I got to know him, and got past his geeky appearance, with the bad haircut and ugly glasses, I guess I began to see the funny, smart and cute person underneath. I know this sounds like the classic Beauty and the Geek story, but it is true. I would have never even given him a second thought if we hadn't been forced to work together."

Gwen gently pushed Nancy forward, and squeezed out of the lounger. She promised to be right back and made Nancy promise to wait there.

True to her pledge, Gwen returned in a couple minutes with two fresh beers, and a light blanket. She repositioned herself behind Nancy, covered both of them with the blanket. She let her hands roam over Nancy's breasts and gently rub the damp slit between her lakes, evoking deep moans from Nancy. She then continued telling her story while they both drank out of the cans, and munched the salty pretzels.

"We were working on the football section, complete with pictures, stats, schedules, and all kinds of stuff. We were allowed to use the cameras to get pictures of the athletes in action. One afternoon we were working on the football page, and I commented that Doug, the quarterback, was a hunk. Phillip asked if I really thought so. I said yes, and that he had a fabulous body. Phillip asked if I'd ever seen Doug's body. I said only in his football uniform, or around school, but it sure looked good in clothes, so I was sure it looked even better naked. Now, I don't know why I said that, and I realize it was kind of stupid, but it just flowed from our conversation.

"Well, the next day we had scheduled an afternoon session to devote a couple solid hours finishing the football section. Phillip was already in the room when I showed up. He had the layout of the cover page of the football section in front of him. I noticed a sticky note on the monitor telling to review and select some of the photos in a file on the desktop. I opened the folder and began going through shots from games, practices and some posed pictures of the seniors in uniform.

"At the very end was a picture I never expected. There was Doug in the nude. I screamed and asked Phillip where he got that. He confessed he snuck the small digital camera into the locker room and got a shot of Doug as he was coming out of the shower. I just stared. Phillip then asked if I still thought Doug looked great. I had to admit, that he didn't. His body was flabbier than I imagined, and his penis seemed unusually small compared to his overall size. Then Phillip asked if I was curious? About what, I replied. He just pointed to another electronic folder on the desktop. It said "More?" I was curious, and opened it.

"A new nude male appeared in full color. It was Phillip. He was standing with his arms at his side and just staring into the camera. He must have used a timer to take his picture. I was shocked, not just by the fact he would do this, but by his body--it was much better than Doug's. Phillip had excellent muscle definition, a narrow waist, incredible legs and arms, and a much bigger private part. I asked if he had doctored any part of this picture, or enhanced certain areas. He assured me he didn't. I then put the two pictures side by side for comparison. It was even more amazing. Phillip looked much more the athlete than did Doug, and he was much sexier. I questioned him on his physique, and he admitted to doing a lot of weight training at home. I told him he looked very handsome. He blushed. It was strange that he could show me a naked picture of himself and not appear embarrassed, but a compliment made him scarlet.

"I then asked him if he had any other surprises to show me. He said no, but he did want to add one more picture--mine. I told him he must be crazy, but he persisted.

"Look, I've got the camera here, we're alone in the room. It will only take a second," he reasoned.

"What if someone came in? Never mind that, why would I want to do this?" I pushed back at him.

"I'll lock the door, so no one will come in. And, because I want to see you. I think you are beautiful and I want to take a picture of you naked."

"Sure, so you can show all your friends and have a good laugh at the flatest-chested girl in the senior class?" I was getting steamed.

"First, I don't have any friends to show it to. Second, even if I did, I would never do that to you. Third, I don't think you're flat, I think you are beautiful. I would really enjoy seeing you nude."

"Phillip, I don't think so. Besides, you still haven't given me one good reason to do this," I said.

"Because you want to," was all he said.

Gwen had to admit that the thought of stripping in front of him was darkly exciting, the idea of getting naked in a school room was naughty and tantalizing, and having someone take a nude shot of her did have a prurient appeal.

"I don't know, Phillip. God, if anyone ever saw..."

"No one but us will ever see this, I give you my word, Gwen."

"I don't know," was all Gwen could retort.

Phillip stood up and pulled Gwen up by the hand. He led her to an inside wall of the room, so no one looking in could see. He walked over and locked the door. He then returned to Gwen and slipped off her sweater that was loosely tied around her neck. He folded it and placed it on a chair he positioned next to her.

"The rest you must do," he spoke to her.

He retreated to where they were sitting and picked up the camera and then pulled a chair close to where Gwen was standing. He sat and waited, with a soft smile directed at her.

She hesitated, then, kicked off one shoe, followed by the other. Undoing her zipper, she then unbuttoned her jeans and slid them to the floor. She bent over and removed both her socks. Slowly, starting at the top button, she opened her blue oxford cloth shirt and peeled it off, letting fall on top of the jeans. All that remained was a camisole top and her bikini briefs, both in a light salmon color. She paused, as if some indecision, then hooked her thumbs in the band of her underwear, and inched them past her hips, knees, and finally her feet. She stood up facing Phillip with only the short camisole remaining, ending a few inches above the neatly trimmed thick, blond bush.

"Is this enough? You've got all the good parts showing," Gwen asked in a small girl voice.

"No. The rest, please."

Gwen sighed, and raised the camisole over her head. She fought the instinct to cover her breasts, and just let her arms drop to her side. She felt more naked than ever before in her life. She then noticed the look on Phillips face. It wasn't lust, but it was sensual. He looked not disappointed, but triumphant.

"You are beautiful. Now just stand there and let me capture you."

He took a number of pictures, and quietly asked her to turn around and then took some more. When he was finished, he thanked her, and said she should get dressed.

He turned his back, affording her privacy to replace her clothes. Strangely, she appreciated this gesture and understood he knew it would be much more awkward for her to get dressed in front of him than undressed.

When she had slipped her shoes back on, Gwen rejoined Phillip at the table. He had already uploaded the shots to his computer. He suggested they finish the layout and get back to the private shots later. They worked together for another hour and were satisfied with the look of the section. Phillip suggested they could substitute the locker room shot of Doug for the posed uniform one, but Gwen dissuaded him. When they finished, Phillip said it was time to look at her pictures.

Phillip brought up the first and Gwen was surprised to see herself unzipping her jeans. Then, there was a progression of shots as she undressed. Finally, Gwen saw a strange likeness of her nude self. Phillip adjusted the color and cropped it. He then hit print. In a minute an 8x10 glossy of the tall, thin Gwen spurted from the printer.

To Gwen, it was strange to see herself so exposed, and she tried to see this image through Phillip's eyes. She still saw a tall, slightly gawky girl, with nothing more than two nipples sticking out ridiculously far from her chest, and a mass of blond curls between her legs. She did have a pacific expression that seemed to belie the nakedness of her pose.

"Phillip, what are you going to do with this?"

"I'm going to make a copy for you and just keep it."

"Phillip, OK, but one change, please."

"What?" Phillip kept his attention on the picture in his hands.

"Can you put that shot of you on the same photo?"

Phillip chuckled. "Sure, why?"

"Phillip, it is the only way I will allow you to keep this. Put us together on this thing, or destroy it all."

Gwen thought he was going to object, but he said he would do it. In a series of moves and adjustments Phillip managed to align the two figures so they both peered out from their nakedness, oblivious to each other.

Gwen nodded approval.

"What about Doug?" asked Gwen.

"Well, we could make copies and put them in every locker in the school," offered Phillip.

"Yeah, but he would figure out you did it, and probably kill you. Let's just destroy it." Gwen knew this was the right thing to do, and Phillip deleted the picture from his files.

They then stood to leave, after Phillip shut down the lab. Gwen looked him straight in the eye. She pulled him to her and kissed him full on the lips.

"Phillip," she said breaking away, "you and I are going to fuck each other silly tonight, so let's get out of here."

Back at Gwen's house, they fulfilled her prediction. That evening began a relationship that spanned four months. Phillip turned out to be an eager, if inexperienced lover. Gwen could never get him to admit if she was his first or not. But, he was resourceful, and obtained reams of sexual advice and techniques from the internet and adult book stores. He and Gwen tried them all, and laughed themselves silly more than they thought possible while having sex. It was Phillip who guided Gwen through all the fine points of oral sex.

The best part was how much he loved her tits. He could never get enough of licking and feeling them. He wanted her to be topless all the time and loved just looking her. It did a lot to boost her confidence about her small breasts.

Their fling only ended when his family moved away over the spring holidays. His father was a big time systems engineer and took a job in Silicone Valley. Gwen missed him, missed his friendship, and missed the incredible and fun time they had developing their own sexual base of experiences.

From the time Phillip moved away, until now Gwen admitted to a life of abstinence—with occasional brotherly assistance. But, she hoped, that would end, possibly this very night.

Nancy confessed she found that story moving and sexy, and that it did make her a little horny. She also confessed that she had never done it with a girl, and didn't know if she was ready.

"Look, Nance. What have you got to loose? You can't get pregnant, you can't get a disease--because I don't have any--and you can't get hurt, because we already are best friends. I think we'll have a blast, and I guarantee you will just die. I am really good. So, let's stop talking, and start making out."

"What about Todd, what if he comes in?"

"Hmm, good point. Although, he wouldn't care. He knows about my involvement with women, and he would never say anything, and would love to watch. But you may not feel comfortable with that now. OK, my parents are gone for the weekend, so it's off to their bed."

With a push from Gwen, both girls stood up, and hand in hand walked back inside and toward the master bedroom, with the blanket draped over both of them.

Gwen led Nancy to the king sized bed, and fulfilled her promise to give Nancy the sexual experience of a lifetime. Nancy never had anyone kiss her in her most intimate place. Gwen's caress sent shocks through her entire body. After a moment of panic thinking that a woman was making love to her, Nancy gave in totally to the erotic sensations. She never wanted the kisses and explorations of Gwen's fingers to cease. Her first orgasm through sex was forever seared in her memory.

In the next months, Gwen led Nancy to a full understanding of her own sexuality, and how to express that with another woman.

Nancy and Gwen stayed secret lovers for the rest of the year. Gwen insisted they go to the prom with guys, and that Nancy get laid, just so she could be sure that she wasn't missing out. Nancy agreed, and decided that Todd be her date. After the prom and the parties, they went back to Todd and Gwen's house. Nancy told her folks she would be staying over. The three of them got naked and made out with each other. Gwen gave her brother a decent blow job to get him worked up. She slipped a condom on him, then went down on Nancy to make her wet. Finally, she moved to a chair and watched as Todd gently took Nancy's virginity. The night held two more sessions of love-making, one with Todd and Nancy and one with Gwen and Nancy as Todd watched.

Nancy and Todd had intercourse a couple more times. Most of the time, it included all three of them. One weekend, Todd said that Gwen was going away and asked her to stay over. He was much more aggressive and screwed her harder than ever before. He brought her to orgasm through intercourse, something he had not been able to do while Gwen was with them. He also gave her a brief intro to anal sex, something he never did in front of Gwen.

One night the three of them were relaxing naked in Gwen's bed after the brother and sister tag-teamed her into orgasmic nirvana. Nancy looked at them and said, "I want you two to screw."

The silence fell hard in the room. After a long time, Gwen said, "We've never done that, Nance."

"I know, but I think we all have considered it. We will be going our own ways to college in a short time. Let's have this one time together. I want Todd to have been inside both of us. I want to make love to you after he has. I want you to make love to me and he and I do it. Just this once let's let it all fly."

Todd and Gwen looked at each other, then in unison, nodded.

Nancy bent over and sucked Todd until he was rigid. She slipped a condom on and then turned her attention to Gwen. With her tongue and fingers, she had her girlfriend running wet.

"Lie on your back, Todd," she urged. Nancy then guided Gwen over the bobbing erection and kissed Gwen as she lowered herself onto her brother.

Neither moved for a while, then slowly Gwen began to rise and fall. Shortly passion took over and the siblings found a rhythm that evoked growls and groans and culminated in a scream from Gwen and a howl from Todd. Gwen collapsed on top of Todd and he held her close.

Finally, she rolled off. Nancy peeled off the condom and licked his damp cock clean.

"My turn," she purred.

Gwen used her mouth to rejuvenated Todd.

She was about to open a new condom when Nancy stopped her.

"I'm safe right now and I want to do it once to feel skin against skin."

She lay back and Todd positioned himself between her legs. He lifted one leg over his should and moved toward her opening.

"Put him in me, Gwen."

Gwen grabbed her brother's hard-on and rubbed the tip against the plump lips, moistening it. She then slipped the tip between Nancy's outer lips and Todd thrust quickly.

The suddenness took Nancy's breath away. He began pounding with a ferocity he never showed in front of his sister. Nancy was overcome with the strength of his attack and thrust up off the bed to receive him. She could feel his balls slapping against her ass and his groin smashing into hers.

He was going full speed when her first orgasm hit. She cried out, but Todd kept pounding. She felt herself quickly rising to a second. Todd was sweating heavily, but not slowing down. She rode the crest of number two and cried out for Gwen to kiss her.

The two women exchanged deep soul kisses as Todd kept up his pace.

Finally, he groaned he was coming and was he sure she wanted it inside.

"God, yes, fuck me. Fuck me and come in me."

Todd grabbed her other leg and put it on his shoulder. He leaned in a thrust so deep, Nancy thought she would split. He tensed and she felt his release as warmth from her pussy spread throughout her body.

Todd gave a few last pushes and slowly pulled out. Gwen bent to capture his soft penis in her mouth and cleaned their mutual juices.

She then buried her head in Nancy's crotch and ate and licked until Nancy screamed once more. The exotic taste of the two sexes was overpowering.

As she was licking furiously, she felt pressure on her anus. Next she saw Todd's fingers slip inside Nancy and come out wet. Next those fingers were entering her rear, spreading the wetness. Todd pushed past her sphincter and he entered her.

She never had anal and never expected it from Todd. Yet, the sensation was a mixture of a taboo being broken and erotic overload.

Nancy noticed and leaned over to watch Todd begin to move in and out of his sister's ass.

Gwen stopped her attention to Nancy's pussy and her eyes glassed over.

Todd went at for a while and then screamed and thrust deep inside Gwen, shooting a smaller load in her ass.

He pulled out and lightly kissed each of Gwen's cheeks. He rose and went to the bath to clean up.

Gwen fell face down on the bed and Nancy watched the liquid ooze out of her anus. She reached over and inserted one finger inside. Gwen mewed and Nancy pulled it out, marveling at the feel of her friend's ass and the glistening sheen on her finger. She mused that there might be something to anal. Rising, she joined Todd in the bath and rinsed her hands.

The trio snuggled and slept for hours.

After that they all enjoyed a number of fun and sex filled sessions. Two or three times, Todd fucked both of them. The three were passionate lovers for the rest of the summer. She and Gwen remain the best of friends, even though Gwen went to UC Berkley, and met a beautiful Asian girl, Terranuci. She texts her all the time and sends pictures of Terranuci and her in all the tourist spots in San Francisco. She also sends pictures of them naked together. One time Gwen sent her a series of pictures of Terranuci with her head buried between Gwen's thighs. She captioned it, "Wish you were here."

Todd went to Purdue and has had a great time working through the beautiful girls he meets. He also texts, and says how much he misses Nancy and Gwen. He sometimes sends shots of his erection with a sad emoticon next to it.

Nancy looked at Sarah and shrugged.

"So, that's the story of your roomie," she said. "If you want me to move out, I will understand."

Sarah leaned in and kissed her lightly on the lips.

"Actually," she said in a breathy voice, "I think this year could be more fun than I thought possible. I am absolutely dripping wet. That is the sexiest thing I have ever heard."

Nancy smiled and kissed her back.

Slowly they undressed each other and let their kisses drift to other parts of their bodies.

After a few minutes, Sarah looked up at Nancy from where she was nestled in her pussy. "Yep, this is going to be a great year."

"Is this addressing the awkwardness problem," Sarah asked?

Nancy smiled then groaned as her roommate's tongue pushed deep inside her.

"Fabulous year," she thought, "and not a bit awkward."