Jeremy's Mom's House
bykylejer©

Author's note: This is not a new story, but one posted in May 2010 and very well received. I was made to make changes to it and resubmit it.

It wasn't that four fit young men were lying around her downstairs family room naked that made Kate stop and look twice. The porn movie images on the big screen TV caught her eye. After her jaw dropped and she surveyed the group, she saw four young men nude and sporting full erections.

Kate smiled to herself. The boys -- young men, now, she had to remind herself -- were sitting on chairs or lying on the floor, their manhood sticking straight out or straight up. None was touching himself. All no doubt wanted to do what comes naturally to 20-year-old college students on summer break looking at porn, but were a little embarrassed to do it in front of each other.

They would not, however, be embarrassed to be naked in front of her, which is why they had no hesitation about being nude in her family room. She guessed that they were bold enough to put in a porn movie because they were old enough to do so, and because she stopped having objections to them having a few beers the day they graduated from high school, even if they weren't 21 yet.

Over the years, they learned that there was a bit more of a liberal attitude around Mrs. C.'s place. Or, as they would call it, Jeremy's mom's house.

Jeremy and his friends, Joshua, Cory and Matt, were inseparable throughout their school years. Kate always thought they bonded shortly after Jeremy's dad died when Jeremy was 6. They took their grieving classmate under their wings, and Jeremy clung to them ever since.

That was despite the fact that Jeremy did not have certain things in common with them. They came from much more stable household situations, with the traditional mom and dad, and siblings. And those friends were much more athletic and popular than Jeremy. Not that he was a class nerd or anything. All were on the football team, but Josh, Cory and Matt were starters. Jeremy was more of a team hanger-on. But those friends never looked down on him for it.

Kate was quite young when she had Jeremy's older sister, Wendy. Though only 16, she kept the baby, finished school, and ended up marrying the father, Jack. Jeremy came along when Kate was just 18. Now her son was 20 and her daughter 22 and studying overseas.

That was Kate's dream when she was that age, but mistakes and tragedy took her in a different direction -- though a direction some misguided people would envy.

Jack was killed in an industrial accident. The tragedy made Kate a single mom, but also made her financially secure, as if that was more desirable than having a loving husband and father around.

Kate did the best she could, and was deeply appreciative of the help she received from others, including those boys who befriended Jeremy. She loved having them over to play with Jeremy, and even bought that big backyard above-ground pool adjacent to the deck to help draw them over to spend more time with her son.

It worked. They practically lived there in the summers.

One year when they were young, they sent a nervous Jeremy into her to ask if it was OK if they went skinny dipping in the pool. She said it was OK, and over the years they did it a lot, and she paid no attention.

But this situation with four naked grown young men, all sporting impressive equipment at full mast, was a game-changer. There had been nothing sexual to her about the casual nudity-around-the-pool, but this was different.

The mistakes she made early in her life made Kate wary of new relationships with men. Jack had been good to her and she felt they would have built a good life together. But after dedicating herself to raising the children, she was hesitant to bring a man with his own wants and needs into the family, or to distract the kids from the memories and legacy of their real dad.

Kate dated a bit. She didn't have any problem attracting men. She was a slim and fit 5'7" with naturally firm and full breasts, but not so large that they sagged much, even now in her late 30s. She kept her long dark brown hair stylish and her makeup simple. She was aware that men found her quite attractive.

She hadn't gone 14 years since Jack died without a sex partner, but she didn't have much. Every few years she would meet someone; they would have sex a couple of times, and she would get cold feet for the sake of the kids. And she just plain missed Jack so much, and couldn't have sex without thinking about him.

It had been a long, lonely time, at least physically speaking. She knew she could get sex whenever she wanted, but what she really wanted was the impossible. She wanted Jack back.

The sight of four young men with full erections brought back memories, and desires.

They didn't see her, so Kate let her gaze linger.

Matt, the leader of the group, was lying on his left side on the couch on the right side of the room, his head toward Kate, propped up on his hand, his eyes fixed on the TV screen against the wall in front of him. His cock stuck straight out from his side, strong enough that it didn't touch the cushion.

He was circumcised, Kate observed, and magnificent. She figured his cock to be 7 inches, and generous in diameter. It stuck out from a body that Kate had seen many times before. Matt was one of those boys without a lot of body hair, but that would have only distracted from the well-defined pectoral muscles, the washboard abs, and sculpted thighs. She knew Matt had a great, athletic body. Sticking an erection on it made him enormously, irresistibly, sexy.

So did his confident, take-charge attitude. He had little problem getting the young women his age to do things his way.

He was the quarterback of the football team in high school, and that in-the-huddle experience showed when he led the others to follow his plans.

Cory sat on a recliner on the right side of the room. Kate could see over his shoulder that his uncut cock was sticking up at an angle, the head emerging from the foreskin a bit. She caught him sneaking a tug at it.

Cory had nothing to be ashamed of, but he was not tremendously well endowed, more of an average-looking 6 inches, but nice and thick. His package was framed by a mass of blond curly hair and Kate recalled how when he was younger he had a mass of curly locks he couldn't control on top of his head. Now he kept it cropped close like a Marine's.

It didn't change the constant smart-aleck smile he always seemed to have. He was the prankster, the partier, but had a good heart and a first-rate mind -- an honor student.

Josh sat in the recliner on the left. Although she had seen his penis many times without thinking twice about it, she took particular notice of his hard-on, wondering how many girls in the high school where he graduated or the college he now attended would love to get a look at what she saw. Josh wasn't muscular like Matt, but was in fine shape with a well-toned body, 6 feet tall, with a modest and attractive amount of body hair matching the jet black on his head.

But his face was incredibly handsome, the heartthrob type, like Tom Cruise in his 20s. He had the controlled curly hair, the dimples on his cheeks, the dreamy eyes, and a wet-your-panties smile.

And the cock that topped off that package? Kate had noticed once how small it looked as he ran around skinny dipping the summer after graduation. But erect it was beautiful. He didn't quite match Matt's 7 inches, but he was clearly bigger than Cory. But, like the rest of his body, there was something lovely about it, even if you weren't sure what. It looked so nice and smooth, and of a perfect pink complexion, circumcised, with a head with sharply defined lines like his chin. Kate could swear his cock almost had dimples like his face, if that were possible. There was just something adorable about it as it stood straight up at attention.

Kate sometimes knew when her son was masturbating in his room. But she always resisted the slight temptation to take a look to find out for sure.

Jeremy, it was clear from the casual nudity in the house, was generously endowed, a gift from his father, Kate knew. His balls were huge, almost disproportionate to the rest of his somewhat slight frame. His flaccid penis hung thick, with a big circumcised head.

She had never seen it in its full glory, but always wondered if it lived up to its promise. It certainly did.

Jeremy seemed embarrassed by it. He was lying on his left side in the middle of the floor, facing away from the others, head propped on his left hand, and with his body twisted a bit toward the floor. His right elbow rested on his side, with his forearm and hand partially screening his prize. Kate was sure her bashful son was trying to hide.

And he had a lot to hide. Kate suppressed a gasp that would have given her away. Jeremy's cock had to measure 10 inches, perhaps more, impressively thick, with the head almost purple in color.

It didn't seem to fit his body. Jeremy was slightly taller than Kate at 5'8". He was slender, with more of a swimmer's or runner's body, in shape but not muscular. He had fine light brown body hair, and looked good nude. There was no doubt, though, that anyone seeing him nude in a sexual situation would be focused on that equipment.

Kate had never looked on any of these boys in a sexual fashion before. She had noticed they were attractive, even when they were nude, but never fantasized about them sexually, or looked on them with desire.

That had suddenly changed. She wanted to put her hand in her panties and dip her finger inside to feel and encourage her dampness.

But she composed herself and adopted her usual Jeremy's Mom attitude.

"My goodness! What have we here! Four naked young men, drinking beer and watching porno on my TV, all with hard-on's sticking straight out in the air," Kate said, making her presence known and entering the room. "Now, I've seen you guys naked before, but never like this!"

She startled the group. Jeremy turned almost completely on his stomach to hide his huge tool. Cory and Josh covered theirs with their hands as if to protect them from some expected blow.

Only Matt was brave and bold. He sat up suddenly and looked back, temporarily covering himself with his hands. When he saw it was Kate, he sat up fully on the middle cushion of the couch, with his feet on the floor. He confidently extended is arms along the top of the back rest, slid his butt forward on the cushions and spread his legs a little.

He put himself on display as if to say he wasn't afraid of Kate's presence, and even welcomed it.

"Mom!" Jeremy shouted. "Leave us alone!"

"Why? It's my house and my family room. I've sat in here with you guys watching TV before, even when you were all naked after a swim," she said. "I kind of like this change of pace, though."

"Uh. . . Is it ok if we put a porno movie in and watch it in your family room Mrs. C.?" Josh said, in a polite tone. It was hard to tell whether it was meant to be mocking.

Kate laughed at his reaction. "I don't care if you watch porn down here. You're old enough. But I'm old enough, too, and if I want to watch it with you, I think I should be able to," Kate said, continuing into the room and sitting next to Matt, who maintained his look-at-me pose.

Everyone by Matt fidgeted.

"But what if we don't want you to," Jeremy protested.

"Well, that would be rude," Kate replied.

"Hey, you can sit here it you want. You can sit on my lap of you want," Matt piped in.

"Hey, you can sit on my face!" Cory said, with everyone but Jeremy bursting out laughing.

"Hey, you can kiss my ass!" Jeremy shot back. "That's my Mom!"

"Hey, you can suck my cock!" Cory retorted in a common young male mock-challenge.

Kate gave a fake gasp. "Were you talking to me??"

The boys burst out laughing, even Jeremy this time.

"Uh..." Cory stammered, not used to someone getting the better of him in such banter. "Can I get back to you on that?"

"Well, I'll let you think about it, and I'll be right back," Kate said, getting up and leaving the room.

She returned shortly with four washcloths, tossing two to Cory and Josh as she walked in, one down towards the floor at Jeremy, then sitting again next to Matt and placing one on his thigh as she sat next to him again.

"What's this???" Jeremy protested, still obviously uncomfortable with the situation.

"Well, I wasn't born yesterday," Kate said. "I know what guys do when they watch porn, and I'm not going to let you make your messes on my furniture or carpeting."

"Mom, we're not sitting down here. . ." Jeremy said, cutting himself off, not wanting to say it.

"You're not going to? But you're watching porn! I was looking forward to watching too! Is it all because I'm here? Well, I'm hurt. After all these years, you suddenly get uncomfortable with having me around," Kate said, with her best pouting look.

"Or do you just need some encouragement?" she added, getting up once more.

Kate came back with a bottle of lotion and sat down next to Matt, who continued to sit with his legs open, fully on display while the others tried to discreetly hide their erections.

"Oh my God!" Cory laughed. Jeremy wasn't even looking.

Kate poured a generous amount of lotion onto her right hand.

"Can I give you a hand with that?" she said, reaching for Matt's stiff member.

Not only did he make no move to resist, he grabbed his cock by its base with his thumb and forefinger and held it out for her.

Kate took his cock in her lotion-coated hand and began to work up and down. "My, my, you really have some impressive equipment here, Matt."

She joined in with the other hand, rubbing the lotion in deeply, then stroked slowly with her left hand while the fingers of her right hand played with the head.

"Ohhh! God, that feels good!" Matt said.

"Mom!!!!" Jeremy pleaded.

"Shutup, Jeremy, this feels great," Matt retorted.

"I can't fuckin' believe this," Cory said.

"Me neither," Josh agreed.

Kate put a little more lotion on her hands and rubbed his cock round and round between them. She loved how the slippery feel brought out every bump and vein and how silky smooth he felt when he was rock hard.

When she felt she had played around long enough, Kate just went to the right hand and worked faster.

"Oh, look, that's what she's doing on TV, too," Kate remarked when her eye caught an actress giving a handjob in the movie no one was paying attention to anymore.

"You're doing it better," Matt said.

When he arched his back and thrust his hips up and his breathing quickened, Kate grabbed his balls with her left hand and gently squeezed.

She pointed his cock at his chest when he shot, the drops reaching his chin.

"Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh!" Matt groaned.

When he stopped she handed him the washcloth again.

"Don't get anything on my furniture," she admonished.

"Man, thanks Mrs. C. That felt great!" Matt said.

Moving along, Kate started to squirt more of the lotion on her hand as she knelt next to the recliner where Cory was seated.

"And how about you, Cory? Do you need a little help getting started and getting into the spirit of the movie?" Kate said sweetly. When he didn't stop her either, she took his cock in her hand and started to work in the lotion.

"Oh, man, this is so cool!" Cory exclaimed.

"Mom!!!!" Jeremy protested. "Stop jerking off my friends!"

Kate let go of Cory's cock and stood up.

"Oh, I'm sorry. You're right, Jeremy," she said with mock humility as she squirted more lotion on her hand. "Here I am trying to relieve company when my own son is in need. But Mommy can take care of you right away."

She knelt beside Jeremy and tried to reach around for his cock.

Jeremy's friends burst out laughing, and Matt nearly fell off the couch as Kate groped around for Jeremy's cock.

"Noooo!" he shouted, turning away and curling up in a fetal position to keep Kate, who was laughing, too, from reaching for his manhood.

Cory suddenly jumped up from his chair and went for Jeremy. Matt and Josh, sensing what Cory was up to, moved right after him.

Cory, far more powerful than Jeremy, easily pulled Jeremy's arms back and held them over his head. Josh and Matt rolled him on his back, stretched out his legs and held them down.

Jeremy was flat on his back, though he was bucking his hips in a futile attempt to escape his stronger friends. His cock had started to deflate during the commotion, so it didn't stick straight up in the air. Still, at semi-hard, it still noticeably beat his friends' equipment.

The scene had turned very naughty, but they were all having a lot of fun. Everyone but Jeremy was laughing and getting into it, and Kate suspected that Jeremy was acting more reluctant than he really was.

Still, Kate was unsure if she should go through with this next step.

But looking at her son's amazing penis made her long for something it reminded her of, now that she had seen it in an excited state. It was just like Jack's, and a day didn't go by that she didn't want Jack back. That longing emboldened her.

Keeping the joking attitude but secretly longing to devour this cock and lose herself in the passion, Kate reached out and took it.

"Now it's been a long time, but I've touched this before,' she said taking it in a lotion-filled hand. "My, how you've grown!"

The boys laughed louder.

"Mom!!!! Please!!!!"

"Ok, Ok, be patient," she said, pretending that what he meant for her was to hurry up and get going.

She started to stroke up and down, but lost it with Jeremy's writhing.

"I get it. I'll just hold on tight and you can work it back and forth in my hand," Kate said.

And that's exactly what happed as he squirmed. When he realized he was aiding and abetting the situation that way, Jeremy settled down. By then he was at full staff.

"Holy shit, Jeremy, you're hung like a fucking horse," Cory said.

'Man, I knew you were bigger than me, but -- damn!" Josh said.

"Well, I finally found something you can top me at," Matt said. "I'm glad my girlfriends never found out about this. They'd be dumping my ass and running off with you, pal."

Even Jeremy laughed at that, and as he settled down and Kate focused more on stroking his long member, he got into it.

"You really are beautiful, Jeremy. Take it from a woman, even if she is your mom. It feels magnificent!"

Kate took it in both hands and did something she hadn't done since Jack died -- because Jack had been the only man she had ever been with who had a long enough tool to make it possible.

She grabbed the base of Jeremy's cock with her left hand and the top with her right, then twisted her left hand clockwise and her right hand counter-clockwise. She would then loosen her grip and twist her hands back around to do it again and after a few like that, reversed the motion of each hand.

"Ohhhhh! God!!!! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh!" Jeremy moaned, his body stiffening, but no longer in resistance.

"She's wringing you out, man," Matt said.

The head of Jeremy's cock, sticking out from Kate's small hands was swelling and turning purple.

Cory had let go of Jeremy's arms and he put them at his side, his fingers clawing at the carpet.

Kate noticed those huge balls had pulled back tight up to his body. She ceased the twisting motion, worked him with her left hand while her right hand squirted more lotion directly onto the towering phallus.

She worked it in with writhing fingers rather than a hand motion, running her index finger all along the underside of the rim of his cock head, with another finger tracing the line on the underside of the shaft from the head to the base.

"Ohhhh!" Jeremy let out, sounding more like a whimper that drew a couple of quiet chuckles from his fascinated friends. They had turned silent, watching a really good hand job that topped anything in the movie.

When Kate's fingers became thoroughly familiar with every part of her son's cock, she went back to stroking up and down, with both hands, and as he got close, with one hand. Kate's other hand went to his balls, knowing from experience that a little pressure on the balls makes a man's orgasm more intense.

"Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh!" Jeremy shouted.

"Ok, man, don't knock a hole in the fuckin' ceiling now," Josh quipped to laughter from everyone.

It wasn't to save the ceiling, but to save everyone from getting sprayed, that at the moment of truth Kate released his balls and held the palm of her hand about an inch over the head of his cock.

Jeremy shot stream after stream into his mother's palm, and she felt the pressure of each shot in the middle of her hand. She wished at that moment that she and Jeremy had been alone in the room, instead of sharing this moment in front of his friends, who were no doubt only thinking of their own releases.

The essence of her son's manhood, hot and sticky and full of the vigor of youth, dripped from her fingers. She wanted to lick it off and consume it, as if to gain back some part of what she lost so long ago. She dared not take that step in this group, though.

So she reached for the washcloth and started to wipe her hand first.

"My, wasn't that intense? See, Jeremy, you should trust your mother instead of fighting her," she said.

"It did feel good," Jeremy said meekly.

Cory laughed. "Ya think?? What was your first clue? Oh, it was the foam shooting out of the fireman's hose."

The joke seemed somehow indelicate at the moment and the group just smiled or chuckled slightly while Kate finished cleaning up.

She covered by moving on. "So where were we Cory, before Jeremy decided he should get a turn?"

"Right here," Cory said, sprawling out flat on his back and pointing to his cock.

Kate had plenty of lotion left for the uncircumcised one.

What she did to Jeremy was going to be hard to top, and Kate went at Cory somewhat distracted by the fact that the last young man she'd done was her own son.

She tried to compliment him as she worked the lotion into his member and stroked up and down.

"You know, Cory, this is the first time I've handled one that wasn't cut. I'm kind of fascinated by yours," Kate said.

Cory was fully erect, with the head of his cock sticking out, but not fully. She took his foreskin between her thumb and forefinger and pulled it back all the way to fully reveal the head.

"It's like even after you're naked, there's another way to undress you a little more," she smiled.

Cory blushed, obviously not amused. Kate could tell he just wanted to get off and was not interested in a female's musings about the characteristics of his member.

He wasn't big enough to use two hands, but Kate tried her best to duplicate the twisting motion with one, then worked him up and down in a stroking motion quickly.

"Where's your washcloth?" Kate asked.

Cory's eyes widened, bewildered that she would think of that at a time like this.

Josh jumped up and grabbed it from the chair Cory had been sitting in and tossed it to Kate.

When Cory went, she caught it in the cloth, and he retired, spent, to his chair.

That left the heartthrob Josh.

"Your turn, Josh!"

"Finally," he said.

He slid down out of his recliner onto the floor, and leaned back against it, his legs straight out in front of him. Josh had been the quiet one all evening, and he could hardly be expected to keep it up so long until Kate got to him.

Kate took his penis in her hand and started to gently fondle it.

"Now, Josh, how many girls that you graduated with would have loved to got their hands on this?" Kate asked.

"Uh. . . You expect me to know that?" he said.

"Of course. There's an easy answer, and absolutely correct. You don't know what it is?"

"Uh, no. . ." he said as his cock began to grow.

"Guess."

"Four?"

They guys laughed.

"No, that's how long it is," Cory said.

They guys laughed harder.

"Now, I know better than that," Kate said. "It looks pretty good to me!"

"Ten?"

"That's how long Jeremy's cock is," Cory said.

"Shut up!" Jeremy shouted back.

"How about 20?" Josh said.

"That's how big that cock was that you sucked last weekend," Matt said.

"Enough!" Kate snapped. "That's all pretty high school, and you guys are a couple of years into college. Show some maturity."

"She said as she jerked off a guy young enough to be her son after she jerked off he son," Matt interjected.

""Fuck you, Matt!" Jeremy boldly said.

"Well, I'm sorry that I asked the question," Kate said. "But how many girls that you graduated with would have loved to got their hands on this? The correct answer is 'all of them.'"

"Oh, right," Matt said. "Except for the ones who wanted to get their hands on mine."

"And mine," Cory added.

"And none of them knew what they were missing," Jeremy quipped, feeding off the compliments on his manhood.

"Ok, you got us there," Matt said, as they all laughed.

"Seriously, Josh, you were the 'heartthrob' of the school," Kate said.

"Well, never mind about that, just concentrate on something else that's throbbing," Josh retorted.

The room erupted in laughter at what was the best line of the night.

"All right, then," Kate said, quickening her pace with a vengeance.

It didn't take long for Josh to squirt. Kate pointed his cock up at his chest, and he wiped if all off with his cloth.

Kate was done. So was the movie, as if anyone cared.

"Well, do you want to rewind and see what you missed?" Kate asked.

"Uh, no we're good," Josh said, continuing to wipe himself off.

"Hey, thanks, Mrs. C. We didn't see that one coming," Matt said.

After a pause, someone started to snicker, then everyone laughed.

"What's that they say, 'no pun intended?'" Jeremy cut in.

"Oh, I get it," Matt said.

"Well, I didn't expect to see four guys with hard-on's in my family room." Kate said.

"But I'm glad you enjoyed your movie. I'll leave you guys to roll over and fall asleep, or whatever 20-year-olds do after a movie and a jerk," Kate continued. "Goodnight."

Kate slipped around the corner to the stairs. The family room was in the lower level of the split-level home, with a laundry room, utility room, and a game room. A short flight of carpeted stairs led to the rooms. Kate stomped up the stairs and along the hallway to her right, emphasizing each step.

Then she quietly retraced her steps, going getting on her hands and knees and crawling down the hall, then slipping down the stairs one step at a time on her butt until she was halfway down and close enough to hear. She risked getting caught, but had to hear what the boys were saying after a sexual encounter between them, particularly with Jeremy in the middle of it.

"Man, I can't believe your mom gave us all hand jobs," Josh said. "That's fuckin' wild, man."

"You can't believe it? How do you think I feel," Jeremy said. "It's like, 'Hey Mom, can you come downstairs and jerk us all off, we're going to watch some porn.' That's too fuckin' weird for me."

"Hey, it was her idea," Matt said, as if pronouncing a definitive ruling on what just happened. "We didn't ask her to do that. She just got hot seeing us sitting here and wanted to."

"Yeah, like you tried to fight her off, Matt," Jeremy said. "You were sitting there with your legs wide open like you were saying 'come and get it.'"

"So fuckin' what, man? I didn't care if she looked. I figured she liked what she saw, or she wouldn't have even come in the room. But don't act like you're real bummed out over this, Jeremy. You were pulling the old 'Oh no! stop!' routine, but then you got into it and had as much fun as the rest of us, if not more," Matt said, throwing a mocking falsetto voice in to imitate Jeremy.

"That was pretty weird, her being your mom," Josh said. "But I sure didn't mind any of it. Your mom's hot."

"She is not!" Jeremy protested.

"What the fuck you talkin' about, of course she's hot," Matt said. "You may not think of her like that, but you can tell, she's got a great body. She's stacked, she's fit, she's cuter than hell. I know you wouldn't do her because she's your mom, but I'd do her."

"You can't do my mom!" Jeremy protested.

"I'm not talkin' about doin' your mom; I'm just saying, she's hot," Matt said.

Kate listened intently to the banter. She was still wet from the sexual encounter, which brought them off, but not her. Thinking about what had just happened, she was rubbing herself between her legs through her jeans. The talk of how hot she was pleased her, and made her even more wet. A hopeful feeling was in the back of her mind. What was that all about?

"Mom's not hot, but she's got some hot friends," Jeremy said.

"Oh really, who?" Cory asked. "It ain't my mom. She weighs more than I do, by a long shot.

"There's this one who's kind of short, with long blond hair. She must keep it bleached, because she's really, really blond. Great set of tits, and she always shows a lot of cleavage whenever I see her. She's got a fantastic ass, too!" Jeremy said.

That would be Pam, a loan officer at the bank, Kate thought, wanting to hear more.

"Then there's this one redhead. She has the reddest hair I've ever seen. It's - - -" he looked for something to compare it to and must have found something. "I'm not kidding, her hair is like that color," Jeremy said.

"She's got these piercing green eyes, huge chest. Man, I'd do her in a second. I don't care how old she is," Jeremy said.

Kate had to keep from laughing out loud. "He has no idea," Kate said to herself, smiling, while keeping quiet. "Sarah would positively eat him alive!"

"Then there's this really tall chick. She's really pretty and kind of shy, no real big tits or anything, but she had the best legs you've ever seen. They just go on forever. Man, I'd love to have them wrapped around me," Jeremy continued.

That would be Joni, Kate thought. "And she's not as shy as you think."

"Yeah, yeah, they sounds great," Matt said, "But your mom's still hot. She's what? She can't be 40 yet. Maybe 33, 34."

"33!!!??? Man, I'm 20. You think she had me when she was 13? Do the math, man," Jeremy shot back.

"Oh, yeah, I guess that's right. But she's got it together, man," Matt said.

Kate was thrilled to hear him talking about her like that. Matt was a hunk, and the memory of playing with his cock just a little while ago made her juices flow even more.

"I tell you what, though, tonight kind of changes things. I mean, we swim buck naked all the time, and run in and out of the house, and it's like she wasn't there, because we'd been doing it for so long. But it turns out it makes her hot. She likes seeing our dicks bounce around out there. But if that's the way it's going to be, then why doesn't she get naked too?" Matt said.

"Yeah right," Jeremy said, then added in a voice imitating his 12-year-old voice from so long ago, "'Mom, the guys want you to go skinning dipping while they watch!'"

"I'm fuckin' serious man," Matt said. "She obviously thinks we're hot and wants to play with our cocks. Well, we think she's hot. We should at least get a look, and I'm going to, man."

"You're going to what?" Jeremy asked.

"Get her to strip naked."

"What???" Jeremy said. "You're going to try to get my mom to strip for you?"

"Not for me, for us, and I'm going to, too. We've been running around without clothes in front of her for years. After tonight, I think she should show us what she's got, too. I'm gonna make her take off her clothes for us."

The direction of the conversation both frightened and thrilled Kate, and she didn't know which feeling was stronger.

"How are you gonna do that?" Cory asked.

"It ain't fuckin' hard to get a chick to take her clothes off for you," Matt said.

"It ain't hard for you!" Josh retorted.

"It wouldn't be hard for you, either, if you had some balls. If chicks dig you, they'll get naked for you, and Mrs. C was right, chicks dig you, Josh. You just don't know how to take advantage of that. If Mrs. C digs us, she'll get naked for us," Matt said.

"Oh, man, I can't believe this. Stop talking this shit," Jeremy said, with an obvious strain in his voice.

"Ok, but I'm still going to do it, man. You don't have to watch, and I wouldn't blame you if you didn't, but your mom's getting naked for us. Count on it."

Kate had heard enough, and was afraid Jeremy would walk out on the conversation and catch her, so she quietly backed her butt up the stairs one step at a time.

When she reached the top, she crawled along the hall for a ways before standing up on wobbly knees and heading for the bedroom.

What she heard, like what happened earlier, both thrilled and frightened her.

Kate shut and locked the bedroom door behind her and stood leaning against it. She trembled, beads of sweat forming on her forehead, and drops of moisture seeping out of her down below.

Kate almost cried admitting to herself her reaction when she heard Matt's bold boast that he would make her strip for them all. It made her feel incredibly sexy that they would want her to do that, and were agreeing that she was "hot."

She wanted so badly to play that role -- lost for so long - of the hot, sensual woman arousing attractive, fit young men.

She pictured herself undressing in front of them, making their cocks hard, and knowing now in intimate detail what each of those cocks looked and felt like -- even that magnificent member of her son, Jeremy.

But it was all so wrong, so terribly wrong. She never should have gone into that room and engaged her son's friends in a seductive sexual game of her own invention. Terrible scandal would come if anyone ever found out, especially that she included her own son in it!

But he was so much like Jack! People would never understand that for her it was about Jack, not Jeremy. Or was she just fooling herself?

She felt so proud, so sexy, in how she manipulated each of them into letting her have her fun. The naughtiness of it all; how it made her feel like a young and sexy woman again; and those handsome, virile young men, combined to create an erotic power she found irresistible.

She should have resisted, though, she thought. What damage did she do to her son, his relationship with her, and his relationship with his friends, through her selfishness?

Would she be able to resist what was next? Matt vowed to strip her naked, and he was a young man who always got his way with others. That she wanted him to make her strip naked, and could not wait for it to happen, did not bode well for her chances of resisting and making the responsible, adult decision.

What would they think of her body if they saw it all? What would Jeremy think of it? What would he think of the fact that his mother was stripping naked for his friends? Would it make Jeremy's enormous cock hard, or make him hate her for it?"

Kate finally stepped away from the door, with her knees still wobbly. A full-length mirror hung just to her left. She turned and faced it, thinking of what they saw in her that made them think her "hot," and thinking of what they would see if she really went through with Matt's demand when it came.

She had taken care of herself over the years, and men hit on her a lot, though none so young as these. She tried to make herself attractive for men, even if she were still too hung up on Jack and raising her son to get very involved with them.

"Jack," Kate whispered out loud, remembering those deep, penetrating eyes, and his commanding attitude. How many times did he tell her to undress, and she so quickly and willingly did it?

Jeremy had his father's looks, and his enormous manhood, but Matt had Jack's I'll-take-what-I-want attitude.

"Get naked for them," Kate whispered aloud.

She pulled her t-shirt up over her head and tossed it aside.

Her nipples stuck out prominently from her bra, and she made a mental note to wear one of her more sheer varieties on a day she thought Matt might make his move.

She pulled the socks off her feet, then took a deep breath and unsnapped her tight jeans. She liked the fact that they were hard to get out of, so she seemed more like a woman slowly stripping than a slut pulling down her pants. She would have to choose her pants accordingly.

When she stepped out of them, she considered her simple pink panties, which had enough lace and were cut high enough to give a suggestion of sexiness. A thong would certainly be sexier, but would it be too much, too obvious?

In an honest assessment of herself, Kate thought the boys would be anxious for her to go on, not hoping this older woman would put her clothes on and go away. She was appealing.

Kate unsnapped her bra and let it drop. She lifted her breasts and considered them, still proud of the size and firmness, but realizing that any girl the age of these boys could present a firmer set, and many of them a whole lot bigger.

Kate pulled down her panties and stepped out of them.

She ran her hands through her full brown bush and felt the dampness on the hairs between her legs. She tried to brush back the hairs with her hands to make her lips more visible. Standing with legs apart, she parted her lips to show the pink inside, holding herself open for their view.

The thought of being so lewd in front of them sent a tiny stream running down her inner thigh. She stopped it with her finger and held it out for one of them to taste, then licked it clean herself as her imagination and her juices ran wild.

She thought of Jeremy looking at her there. She thought of his cock reacting to what he saw.

Kate backed up and fell upon the bed, her knees up, her legs wide and both hands going to work. Her mind raced between one image and another as she brought herself off time after time: Matt's cock, Jeremy's cock, Cory's cock, Josh's cock, stripping for them, spreading her sex and inviting their gaze. . .

Each time Jeremy's cock entered her mind she felt a tinge of guilt, made stronger by the fantasy that would not leave her mind. She imagined it plunging into her and stifled her cries as she came.

It was, as Kate expected, an awkward situation the next morning, with Kate and Jeremy the only ones in the house. Jeremy slept to nearly noon, as was usual for him when he didn't have to work. Kate gave him space when she heard him get up and fix himself a simple mid-day breakfast of cereal and toast. She came into the kitchen when she figured he was about done and found him sitting at the divider counter on one of the tall stools sipping his coffee and looking almost hung over.

"Good morning -- or is it afternoon by now?" Kate said, trying to be cheerful. She figured he would feel even more awkward about this than she.

"Hi," Jeremy grunted. "You sound like you had a good night."

Kate smiled, proud of him that he had the guts to make the first reference to what took place.

"Well, it certainly was an 'interesting' night," Kate said. "I suppose now would be the time to ask that old clichéd question, 'Was it good for you, too?'"

The reference was lost on him, the expression being from an earlier generation.

After a pause, he answered, "It was interesting."

Kate smiled again.

"I'm sorry, Jeremy. I really am. I never should have done that last night, especially to you. I just thought what I saw going on down there was funny, and I walked in making fun of you all, thinking you'd all be really embarrassed and throw me out. But one thing led to another and I got caught up in the fun of it all," Kate said, calmly and seriously.

"It really wasn't right that I did that to you, and I shouldn't have been messing around with your friends, either," she continued.

"Oh, I don't think they minded one bit," Jeremy said. "I think they want to come back for seconds and thirds."

Kate felt that sweet thrill go up through her again, followed by the bitter pangs of guilt over having had that reaction.

"How did you feel?" Kate asked.

"It was the weirdest thing that ever happened to me, but it felt goooooood.," he said. "I had a hard time sleeping last night thinking of it and why I didn't feel more guilty about it, but still felt pretty excited."

"You didn't feel guilty because you had nothing to feel guilty about. It was me," Kate said. "You wanted to stop, but your friends held you down and I went on."

"Don't kid yourself, Mom," he answered. "If I wanted you to stop I could have got you to stop or the guys to let me go."

Kate felt both relieved and excited that he admitted his own complicity in their sinful little bout.

The source of her excitement was in what lie ahead.

"So your friends want me to do that again?"

"That and a whole lot more, I'm sure." Jeremy replied.

"And how do you feel? Do you want me to do that to you again?"

"I guess I wouldn't mind it."

The thrill intensified.

"And what about your friends? Do you want me to do that again with them?"

"I don't think what happened last night will come down again. But some shit will. You can count on that. We'll see what happens then," Jeremy concluded as he got up and put his dishes in the dishwasher before walking out.

Jeremy went off to be with his friends that afternoon and didn't come back until late. They all had part-time jobs. Kate knew it would be Wednesday before they would likely be together again, and it might or might not be in her home.

Kate hardly saw Jeremy in the early part of the week. As a 20-year-old with his own car, he came and went as he pleased. On Wednesday afternoon when she came home from the supermarket, she found the four of them playing 2-on-2 basketball in the driveway, shirtless and wearing baggy gym shorts.

They parted as her van pulled in and the garage door opened. When she got out, Kate called out, "Jeremy, would you help me bring in the groceries?"

All four joined in and the market items were in the house in one trip.

"Thanks, you guys," Kate said as she put away first the items that needed to get into the refrigerator or freezer.

"And boys," she had been calling them that since they were small, which they no longer were. "I'm sorry about what happened last weekend. That was really out of line of me to come in while you were watching your movie and -- well, I really got out of hand after that."

"Hey, we had a great time, too, Mrs. C," Matt said. He approached her as she put some ice cream in the upper freezer, shut the door for her and left his hand rest on the corner of the freezer door. He was leaning into her a bit, using his dominant 6'3" frame in a bit of an intimidating fashion, but with a pleasant smile on his face and an easygoing demeanor. His right arm with his hand resting on top of the freezer door was bent, the bicep flexed. Kate thought he was intentionally flexing his pectoral muscles too.

This is how dominant males flirt, Kate thought; he knows he's a hunk and is showing me that he's a hunk, she thought.

"Well, I'm glad you liked it. I had fun, too, but I shouldn't have done it. And please don't tell anybody about it."

"Well, I don't think we want it to get out either. But, you know, it really wasn't fair for you to do that," he continued, looking down into her eyes. "We didn't ask you to come in, and you knew we were naked just because we had been swimming before. You know we've been running around your house without clothes on since we were little, but you never made a move before.

"We're not mad or anything that you got turned on and wanted to fool around a bit; hey, it was fun. But if that's the way it's going to be, you should have gotten naked too," he continued.

Kate blushed and looked down, breaking his eye contact. He had wasted no time in making his move, she thought. She felt that conflicting fear and erotic thrill in the pit of her stomach knowing that it was beginning.

"That would have made it a bit weirder," Kate said.

"But it would have made it fair, and a lot more fun," Matt said. "But if you're going to get turned on seeing us hang around naked, we should see you naked, too. Now you've seen us lots of times but we haven't seen you."

"What are you getting at, Matt?"

"Well, maybe if you want to make up for coming on to us and make things fair, maybe you should get naked for us."

Kate glanced down again and nervously went back to the groceries, grabbing a couple of more items for the refrigerator.

Matt backed off, stepping back by the counter, not overplaying his hand.

"Matt, I'm not going to do a strip tease for you," Kate said, though she knew she was only resisting for the sake of appearances.

"Well, you didn't seem to mind seeing our cocks sticking out. You said you're sorry about it, but maybe if we could see you like you saw us, we could just call it even and forget it happened," Matt said, then added, still with a friendly tone but with an ominous message, "And if we forget it ever happened, we're not going to tell anybody."

Kate stopped in mid-tracks between the dining room, where the grocery bags were spread across the table, and the kitchen.

"So you want me to strip naked for you, right here, right now?"

"Hey, that would be cool, wouldn't it guys,:" Matt said turning to them.

Yeah, it sure would," Josh said.

"We were just saying after you went to bed Saturday how hot you are," Cory said.

"Yeah, you must have thought we were hot, and you came in to get a look and fool around. Well, we think you're hot, too," Matt said.

Kate turned and walked into the dining room, divided from the kitchen by a counter surrounded by stools. Standing by the table, she turned to face them as they gathered around the counter.

"You're serious?" Kate said, stalling.

"You seemed pretty serious the other night," Josh retorted.

"Jeremy. . ." Kate said, looking at her son as if to plead with him to come to her rescue.

"What???" he said, as if she had accused him.

"Do you want me to do this?" Kate asked Jeremy in particular.

"I wouldn't mind it. Like Matt said, you came on to us. So they guys are coming on to you now. That's fair," Jeremy said.

If they only knew what was going on in her mind at the time, Kate thought. She wanted to get naked for them, and was relieved to have his blessing, so to speak. She was also thrilled that he was interested in seeing her naked, because she definitely wanted to get another look at Jack's cock as she remembered it.

Kate gave a deep sigh, then reached for the top button on her blouse.

"You guys promise you won't tell anyone, about this, or about the other night?"

"You got it!" "Sure!" she heard from the group.

Kate felt herself getting soaking wet down below as she worked the buttons down her blouse. She wondered at one point in the last couple of days if she would really go through with it when the moment came, but there was never any doubt. She longed for it. Sexual thrills she had not felt in nearly two decades came back to her; she was intoxicated by it.

Not daring to look at the boys, Kate slipped the blouse from her shoulders and placed it on the dining room table next to the groceries. The boys took seats on the stools around the dividing counter.

Kate slipped the sandals off her feet and edged them under the table with her toe, then unsnapped her jeans. She selected them that morning to be tight, showing off her butt, and also a little hard to get down. She started to pull them down a bit until she reached the widest part of her hips, then turned around to face away from her audience.

Kate worked the tight jeans past her hips so the boys could see that she was wearing a thong and get a good look at her ass.

She pulled on the jeans at the thighs to loosen them, inched them down further and further, then turned around as they reached her knees. Kate pulled out a kitchen chair and sat on it, facing the boys, and yanked the jeans past her feet. Standing, she laid the jeans on the table over the blouse, then took a deep breath.

Kate was scared. She was scared they wouldn't like her "hot" 38-year-old body once they saw it and compared it in their minds to the young women they'd had. She was scared that Jeremy would think her a slut and be ashamed of her.

But that sexual thrill of coming on to four handsome, fit young men with a strip tease in her own kitchen overpowered her. Kate ignored the fear and the guilt, figuring she had to take ownership of what she was doing.

"So do you like what you see so far?" Kate asked, holding up her breasts still contained in a semi-sheer bra, her dark areolas visible through the material and her erect nipples pushing out against it.

"You bet! Cool! Keep going!" came the responses, with a red-faced Jeremy silent but smiling.

"Are you sure you want me to keep going?" she teased. "I wouldn't want to embarrass you boys."

"Ok, hold on! Huddle up guys!" the jokester Cory said. They gathered in a tight group and rapidly mumbled a mock debate then she heard someone say "On three!"

They slapped their hands in unison at the count and turned to face her and Matt announced, "We decided we definitely want you to strip completely naked, and we want you to spread 'em, too."

"Well, I guess I'd better get going then," Kate said.

She reached behind to her bra snap, keeping her eyes confidently, almost defiantly on their faces. Matt was looking cocky, as if he were the one who made her do this, not knowing there was no way she would let him manipulate her into a strip show unless she really wanted to. Cory still had his smirk, growing into as full smile, his eyes transfixed on her about-to-be-revealed chest. Josh was quiet, slightly smiling, and also staring at her chest.

Jeremy was red-faced but smiling. But he wasn't looking away in embarrassment, but looking at her body. She caught his eyes checking her out from head to toe.

Kate unsnapped the bra and let it slip off her shoulders. She placed it on top of the other clothes, then turned to face the audience again. She lifted her breasts under her palms as if to present them, then sensuously ran her palms from underneath over the tops of her breast, brushing the erect and sensitive nipples on their way. She twisted her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers to wake them even further.

The boys were practically drooling.

"Almost done," Kate said, hooking her thumbs under the straps of the thong at her hips. No, there was never any doubt that she was going to do this, it thrilled her so much. She prepared to show her most private part, which she had carefully and thoroughly shaved that morning in anticipation of showing it off.

Her thong came down to her knees and she stood erect, letting it drop on its own to the floor. She stood facing them, legs together, shaved vagina with its smooth, neat vertical lips fully in view, and watched the faces of the audience that had all eyes sharply focused between her legs.

"Oh, wow! Jeremy, your mom shaves her pussy!" Cory said.

"Wow, is that ever hot!" Josh added.

Though still blushing, Jeremy couldn't take his eyes off of it. He wore a big smile, but not an embarrassed smile. Her son was lusting, she could tell.

Kate surveyed the gang, who were all wearing shorts for basketball, and was pleased to see they were all wearing hard-ons beneath those shorts. Jeremy's was most apparent, of course.

After a few seconds of standing there motionless on display, she stepped one foot out of the thong, which she then lifted up with her toe. She took it and placed in on the pile on the table.

"Ok, so you got me naked, but you want to see more?"

"C'mon, show it to us, Mrs. C.," Matt said.

Kate stepped toward them, running her hands up her thighs, meeting at her smooth mound. With her palms flat against her body, the tips of her thumbs met at her mound, and the tips of her index fingers at an angle below her moistening crack, forming a triangle frame around her sex. She pulled upwards and lifted her fleshy lips higher, spreading them slightly, while arching her back to thrust out her sex further.

"You want to see it? How about you, Jeremy? It's OK if you look. I don't mind."

She saw his huge cock twitch beneath his shorts.

Kate stepped from one to the other, displaying her most personal part to each of her son's friends, personally.

Kate stepped back and pulled out a kitchen chair and faced it toward them. She stepped up and sat on the back of the chair with her feet on the edges of the seat and her knees together. She put her hands on her knees, then slowly parted her legs, running her hands up the inside of her thighs as she did so.

She spread them wider and wider and her hands got closer and closer to the point where her legs met. When her legs were fully spread, she took her fingers and parted her lips.

"You want to see inside, don't you?" she said.

Kate ran the tips of her fingers along the edges of her inner lips, from bottom to top, until they met at the hood. She pulled it back and let her clit emerge. She massaged it a bit with her fingers, but stopped after a few seconds, not wanting to come in front of them -- at least not today.

Kate stepped off the back of the chair, slid it back just a bit, then, facing it, bent over and placed her hands on the seat. Her breasts hung straight down. She parted her legs far apart and let them look at her sex from behind as she spied on their faces, looking between her wide legs back at them.

She reached back and spread her ass cheeks and let them see her back there, then spread her pussy lips and showed her opening, widening as she became more and more excited.

"Oh, man, our own private porn show!" Cory exclaimed.

"You're really, really hot Mrs. C. That's awesome," Matt said.

"Way to go, Mom," Jeremy chimed in, getting everyone to laugh.

Kate turned around, put a hand on her hip, tilted her head to the side, and said. "OK, guys, you've had your fun and you've seen what you wanted to see. Now I want to see you get back outside and play basketball without bumping into each other with those things sticking out in your shorts!"

"Anyone bumps my junk, I'm calling a foul," Cory said.

"You could probably block a few shots with yours, Jeremy," Josh added, to more laughter from the group.

"Seriously, guys, I have groceries to put away and I think that little display makes us even," Kate said.

"C'mon," Matt said. "You helped us out when we were watching that porno. How about now?"

"No!" Kate said, and meant it. Putting on the show, and the anticipation of it, had made her incredibly horny, but she was now naked, and getting those four young men naked supposedly to give them hand jobs again could easily get out of hand into a four men -- one woman orgy, with her son involved!

"Go! Go play ball! Go take a cold shower! Jump into the pool! I'm not doing anything nasty with you after you talked me into getting naked!" she insisted.

"Ok, Ok," Josh answered, standing up. "But you guys got to play without me. I have to be to work in an hour and have to go home to change."

"Ok, let's play some one-on-one then," Matt said, still looking at Kate. "I'll take on Cory; then Jeremy can take the winner.

Matt winked at Kate as he said that, and turned to head outside.

There was something ominous in that wink. Kate felt that naughty thrill go through her once again.

"Jeremy, if you're going to be 'out' for the first game, why don't you help me put away groceries. It'll only take a minute.

"Ok, Mom," he said, but without the reluctant tone in his voice she might have expected.

Cory and Matt headed outside. Josh expressed his thanks "for everything," but the naked Kate denied him the hug he jokingly sought, although she secretly wanted to push her bare mound onto his crotch.

Kate stayed naked as she and Jeremy worked together to put away the market items. He kept stealing glances at his mother's naked form. She kept stealing glances to see if he were stealing glances at her body and to see if he maintained that hard-on that was so apparent before,

"What do I do with this?" Jeremy asked, breaking the awkward silence and showing a package of garbage bags.

"Down there," Kate pointed at a lower cupboard by the sink. "But don't break anything bending over," she added with a smile.

Jeremy stepped toward to cupboard, then did her one better.

"No, Mom, I'm afraid I might break something," he said, handing the package back to her. "Why don't you bend over and put it away and I'll watch?"

Kate laughed.

"You always were one step ahead of me. But. . .Okaaaaay," she took the package and stepped to the cupboard, bending low, keeping her legs straight, and slowly put it away.

"Thanks for looking out for my health, Mom."

Jeremy headed outside when they were done. Kate stayed naked and putzed around the house, but spent most of her time in the kitchen, trying to overhear the talk outside.

She couldn't hear anything but the basketball dribbling, but engaged herself in preparing a salad for later anyway.

After a while, Matt came in, the apparent loser of the previous one-on-one game, now sitting out while Jeremy and Cory played. Kate figured Matt must have wanted to lose, since none of the group of friends -- nor hardly anyone else in town -- was a match for him around the basketball hoop.

"Hey, Mrs. C.," he said, approaching her from behind. "Thanks for that awesome show before. We all thought you were hot. And are you ever."

"Thanks, but I shouldn't have done that. I shouldn't have done any of this. It's pretty embarrassing," she said.

He reached out and ran the palm of his right hand down her shoulder to her elbow.

"But you wanted to, didn't you?" Matt replied. "It made you horny, too."

Kate gasped at his touch, and held her breath when his other hand caressed her left arm. Matt stepped closer. She could smell the sweat from his basketball game. It was a sexy sweat, she thought. Kate suddenly felt more naked than she had been when she stripped completely for them and spread herself wide.

"Matt, no. . ." she mumbled.

His right hand reached her waist, curving inside across the stomach she worked so hard to keep flat, then started a slow journey upwards as he stepped even closer. She could feel the fabric of his shorts against her bare bottom.

"No, Matt, don't," Kate said. "I never said you could touch."

"But you want to be touched," he said, telling the truth. "Just like you wanted to show us before. You shaved your pussy so you could show it to us, didn't you?"

Kate reached up and grabbed his forearm, but instead of trying to pull his arm down, her hand just went along for the ride until his hand reached her left breast, at first cupping it underneath, then lifting and squeezing. The inside of his forearm brushed against her right nipple, calling it to attention.

Matt pressed himself against her and she felt his erect member pressing on her. She pushed back against it before suddenly fighting her way free.

"No, Matt!" she said, pulling his hand down and trying to move to her right to get away.

"Not here! I. . . I have to take a load of laundry downstairs," she stammered, slipping away and walking quickly to the bedroom.

Kate could have easily locked herself safely inside, but she grabbed a basket of clean towels she had just brought up from the laundry room but had not yet folded. She didn't look at Matt, who was still in the kitchen as she stepped onto the stairway and went down.

Kate's knees were trembling as she placed the basket on the table in the laundry room. She wasn't sure what to do next. There was no reason to bring those towels down. There was only one reason she was in that room, she knew.

She waited less than a minute for Matt to appear in the doorway behind her. She didn't turn to look, but instead started folding the towels, a task she always did upstairs on the bed.

He was more aggressive this time, approaching her from behind. Both of his hands came around and groped her breasts, squeezing them roughly. She didn't stop him. He stepped close and pressed himself against her again. He bent his head down far and kissed her ear. She lifted her cheek up to him and he kissed her again.

His right hand went down and her heart raced. She parted her legs and let him run his hand over her smooth mound and cup her sex. He traced his middle finger up and down along her slit, then pressed inside.

""Ohhhh!" Kate exhaled.

His finger moved in circles as he explored inside of her.

Her own hands were on the edge of the table His arms had come around the outsides of her arms, pinning her arms against her body.

Kate was still plenty moist from the show she put on before, and Matt's finger got her flowing again fully.

"Oh, man you're hot and wet down there," Matt said, withdrawing his finger and bringing his hand up. He anointed her right nipple with her own moisture, rubbing the entire areola with a circular motion. He went back down for a second dip, then anointed her left nipple in the same way.

"Oh, God!" Kate gasped. She pressed her butt back against him and even worked her hand back far enough to touch the outside of his thigh and encourage him to press in harder.

Matt went back to groping her breasts roughly with both hands.

"You've got great tits, Mrs. C." he said. His head bent down close again and he whispered in her ear. "And I'm going to make them swing!"

Matt pulled his shorts down, letting them drop to the floor. She reached back with her left hand and grasped his erection, being as rough in feeling him as he had been with her breasts.

Matt grabbed her by the hips and backed her up a bit. She willingly bent over as he did so, placing both her hands on the table, spreading her legs and arching her back to raise higher what she was offering him.

Matt slapped his 7-inch cock on her ass a few times, then traced the tip along her lips, up and down, making Kate wait and giving her plenty of time to object if she wanted to.

Instead she pressed back when she felt him press forward. He slid easily inside her.

"Ohhhhh!" Kate moaned.

Holding her by the hips, Matt began his thrusts. He immediately started to do her rapidly. He pounded back and forth fast and hard, his cock working in and out of her like a piston. With each thrust forward, his strong arms pulled her body backwards and his body forcing against her ass made a loud slapping noise.

Just as Matt had predicted, her breasts, hanging straight down, were waving back and forth, almost violently. He was indeed making her tits swing.

Her son's best friend was fucking her hard and fast in her own laundry room. She surrendered to it, reaching her right hand back to work her clit as Matt continued to work her cunt.

"Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhh!" Kate cried out, trying to keep the volume down in case someone came in the house.

He didn't last long. Kate recalled that often young men were like that, shooting off soon and hard.

"Uhhhhh! "Uhhhhh! "Uhhhhh! "Uhhhhh!" Matt grunted, pulling out and spraying his sperm on her ass cheeks.

"Oh, man, you really are hot, Mrs. C. That was great."

Kate felt sorry it was over so soon, but ashamed at the same time. She knew this was wrong and felt the same tinges of regret she felt after she had jerked off Jeremy and his friends.

Kate cleaned herself off with one of the towels, and handed one to Matt as well. She finally turned to face him for the first time since he came back into the house, apparently looking for a piece of her 38-year-old ass.

"Matt. . ." she began, with a pleading tone in her voice. "Please don't tell anyone. And please, please, don't let Jeremy find out!"

"No problem, Mrs. C. We'll just keep this our little secret," he smirked.

"Matt, you don't understand what and why I'm asking. It's not that if this got out how embarrassed I would be and what a scandal it could cause. I would deserve it if that happened. But I'm worried about Jeremy.

"Matt, when Jack died, you and the others were so great with him, how you took him under your wing and looked after him all these years. I am so thankful for how you boys befriended him and what a difference that made for him, growing up fatherless," Kate said, her voice cracking.

"If Jeremy finds out about this. . . if he knows that you fucked his Mom. . . it could ruin the friendship. I would feel just terrible if this made Jeremy lose his best friend. I don't care what happens to me. I just don't want to hurt him."

"Hey, Jeremy can take care of himself," Matt said. "He's a good guy; don't act like he's some fragile little kid who needs me. But I know what you mean. He doesn't need to find out what goes on between us, now or whenever. I've got a girlfriend, remember. I've got reason to keep this quiet too."

Kate felt a bolt of fear at the "now or whenever," wondering if Matt were hinting that he expected to get more action out of her in the future. Was it fear, or was it a thrill, or the thrill from the fear?

"Thanks, Matt. Please, go back to them before they wonder what happened to you."

"I told them I needed to get a drink of water and go to the bathroom before I go. I have to work, too," he said, and moved to leave. But, turning once more, he added, "And thanks again, Mrs. C. You're hot."

Kate cast her eyes down at her naked body, nipples still erect, red marks from Matt's hand prints where he grabbed her hips, and her pussy lips swollen with arousal.

After what she did before, it probably wasn't a big deal to walk around naked in front of Jeremy anymore, but she couldn't let him see her like this. Even if he wasn't sexually experienced enough to know how a woman usually looks after sex, he would certainly notice that her sex looked red and swollen. He would figure it out.

Kate took the towels she and Matt had dirtied and threw them in the washer, then added the rest of the clean ones to help cover the crime.

She went upstairs to her clothes, still draped across the table and put them on.

"Ohh! You put your clothes on again," Cory said jokingly when he came inside with Jeremy a few minutes later.

"As soon as you guys went outside to play," Kate lied. She worked on the salad as if nothing had happened and the boys seemed to be none the wiser.

Cory came in for water and the bathroom break, then he, too, had to leave. Kate was again alone with her son.

"So did I embarrass you with what I did before," Kate said, figuring she'd better address the issue, even though she wanted life to get back to normal as quickly as possible.

"Well yeah. It's hard not to be a little embarrassed when your Mom is putting on a porno show for the guys."

"You could have stopped it," Kate said. "I asked you if you wanted me to do it. And you even wanted me to bend over when I was putting away groceries."

"I said I was embarrassed. I didn't say I didn't like it. It is pretty cool having a hot Mom, though."

"That's sweet of you," Kate smiled.

The topic was dropped and life did get back to normal, for a few hours anyway.

Kate was still up at midnight, wearing her nightgown, as she finished getting ready for bed. She was in her private bathroom that adjoins her bedroom when she heard a tap on her bedroom door.

"Come in!" she said, knowing Jeremy was the only one in the house. He had an early morning summer job and was usually asleep by then.

Kate finished in the bathroom and walked over by the bed as Jeremy came in and stood by the door, as if afraid to come in any further.

"Hi, Jeremy. What is it? You're usually asleep by now. Don't you have to work like at 7 in the morning?"

"Uh. . .Yeah, Mom. But I couldn't sleep," he said. Jeremy was shifting his weight back and forth on his feet and twirling his fingers around, the way he always did when he was nervous to talk to her about something.

Kate sat on the edge of the bed. She figured something about the recent events was haunting him and he wanted to get it out in the open. She feared he'd guessed about her and Matt, and was expecting to be confronted with it.

"What is it, Jeremy?" she said quietly. She rolled over in her mind very quickly whether to deny it. If he already knew, her denial could make things worse.

What he actually said shocked her.

"Well, I was trying to get to sleep, but thinking about what all happened today, I couldn't. You know, it's hard to sleep when you're. . . So I. . ."

He blushed deeply.

Kate smiled a bit and her mother's intuition told her what the problem was.

"Go on. It's OK, Jeremy. Don't be embarrassed. I think we've been learning a lot about each other, and you should know by now I'm pretty open about things," Kate said. She wanted him to say what he meant, though she figured he was hoping she'd let him off the hook.

"Well. This is embarrassing. But I couldn't sleep thinking about what happened with you in front of all the guys today. I mean, it was really hot. And I couldn't stop thinking about how horny you made everyone."

"Were you masturbating thinking about it?" Kate said, helping him out.

"Uh. . .Yeah. But, you know, I stopped thinking about what you did today and kept thinking about what you did the other night when we were watching the movie. I mean, I can do it myself, but what you did to me that night. . . I never felt anything like it," he stammered.

There was a long, awkward silence.

Kate smiled. "Do you want me to do that again so you don't have to do it yourself so you can finally get some sleep?"

"Would you mind? I mean, don't think I'm going to ask all the time, but I figured if you did it once . . . and I really, really need it right now."

"Sure, Jeremy. I'd be glad to. Why don't you go get in your own bed, so I can tuck you in and kiss you goodnight when I'm done? I'll be there in a minute."

Kate sat on the edge of the bed for a couple of minutes. She loved the idea of handling that massive cock before she went to bed and took care of herself before going to sleep. The fact that he came in and asked for it removed most of the sense of guilt from her. She waited only to build a small amount of anticipation, then got her bottle of lotion from the bathroom counter and a hand towel and headed for Jeremy's room.

She paused before she reached her bedroom door and thought for a minute. Thinking it made little difference after the show she put on in front of Jeremy and the others that day, she went back to the bed, slipped her nightgown over her head, and headed for Jeremy's room in the nude.

He was nude on the bed, flat on his back, having worked his cock to full attention while waiting for her. She appeared in the doorway in all her glory and paused, letting him take in her full view.

"I figured after showing it all to you today, it wouldn't matter if I did it again. And if you were going to have to be naked for this, why shouldn't I?"

"Oh, Mom! You're turning me on," he said, holding his penis at the base.

"Thanks. But I have to say, you are really, really impressive. It's scary how excited you get me when I look at how you're built," she walked slowly toward his bed and stood beside it, at the head. She was not wrong in anticipating that he would look directly between her legs when she stood so close to his face.

"Would you like to look at me while I help you? It might make things go faster. Move over a bit," she said.

Jeremy slid over toward the wall and made room for Kate to sit down. She lay on her right side with her feet at the head of the bed and her left leg hiked up to give Jeremy a view of her shaven prize.

Kate squirted some lotion on her hands and took her son's enormous penis in both of them. She started to work him up and down, her fingers once again feeling all of the bumps and veins and the bulbous head and that beautiful length and girth.

She knew what he wanted, though, and it would be awkward from this position. Kate moved and straddled his legs, staying on her knees and facing him to let him get a good look at her full body before sitting down on her heels with his legs running between hers.

She applied more lotion, then started to do what he wanted, twisting her left hand at the base clockwise and her right hand at the top counter-clockwise, then reversing the direction.

"Ahhhh! Ahhhh! God, that feels good!" Jeremy cried out.

She continued to work him that way and he tried to trust his hips up, though she had his legs pinned down. She guessed he wouldn't come until she applied up-and-down motion.

Eventually, she did, and, eventually, she lost control.

"God, it's so much like your father's cock," she said, regretting the comment as soon as she'd made it.

Kate slid back further on his legs and bent forward. But she stopped suddenly and moved to resume her previous position, on her side, her feet at the head of the bed and her pussy near her son's face. She bent her left leg at the knee and kept her legs apart so he could see.

Then she took that massive member in her mouth.

She could hardly get all of it in, but sucked on the head and the first few inches while her hand pumped the base.

Perhaps emboldened by her move, Jeremy touched her vagina, gently running his fingers along her lips and parting them slightly, but still not bold enough to go inside.

Kate, though, lost all control and took him in as deep into her throat as she could. When she felt him getting close, she held the head on her tongue, just inside her lips, and felt the glans swell as it shot his sperm into her mouth.

"Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh!" he cried out as he came.

She took it all in, letting it cover her tongue, then she swallowed the whole load. He even tasted like his father.

She cleaned up any excess drops with the towel, licked and wiped him clean, then leaned over to kiss him on the cheek goodnight.

"Sleep well," she whispered, then slipped out of the room and back to her own bed to seek relief on her own.

Kate felt she had crossed the line but not the big line. One could fairly stop short of pinning the "I" word on what they had done so far, she justified.

But she didn't have any trouble bringing herself off thinking about it. She even feared she would awake Jeremy with her cries.

Jeremy's Mom's House Ch. 02
bykylejer©

Thanks to all who gave so much positive feedback on the first story. Please be patient for a Chapter 3.

*

Kate woke up with a major league guilt trip hangover. The thought that she had given her son a blowjob before bed was almost too much to bear.

But the fact that she just had with Jeremy and his friends her most thrilling sexual experiences in almost 20 years made her long for more - intensifying the guilt, which was still no help in suppressing the desire.

Kate stayed in bed and let Jeremy go off to work at his early morning summer part-time job before rising and going about her daily household chores.

Late that afternoon, Jeremy was not home yet, and she figured he wouldn't be. After work he usually hooked up with a few buddies, grabbed a bite to eat, and may or may not come home to spend the night before another day of work. That's the way 20-year-olds on summer break from college operated.

Caught up with her housework and still troubled by conflicting emotions, Kate fixed herself a drink and headed for the deck to take in some summer sun. It was unusual for her to have a drink at such a time. Years ago, she found herself with loads of free time and money and overcome with grief after Jack died, and she had to remind herself constantly of the danger of trying to drown the sorrows and fill the free hours at the same time.

But putting on her two-piece swimsuit and working on her tan was not unusual. She relaxed in the late afternoon sun on the deck and pondered how this all got started. Sure, she stepped over the line when she found the four boys lounging naked in her family room watching porn and sporting hard-ons. Giving her son and his three friends hand jobs was a little over-the-top and things escalated from there, and she had a feeling they hadn't stopped escalating.

But it went back before that, she thought. The reason Jeremy and his old high school buddies back for summer break from college were so comfortable sitting around her house in the nude in the first place was that she allowed them to skinny-dip in her pool back before they were teenagers. They had been running around her place naked in the summer quite often ever since.

Kate smiled to herself thinking of the innocence of that time, in contrast to her guilt-ridden and sexually charged situation today. She also recalled skinny-dipping with Jack, back when she was 16 and just beginning to experiment sexually. She was so in love with him. The exploration of each other's bodies that took place during and after that frolic at a secret swimming hole was one of her most arousing sexual memories.

It may also have been the night Wendy was conceived and Kate's life changed forever.

Kate hadn't been skinny-dipping since.

She eyed the pool and a sparkle came to her eye. Just for the sake of the memory and to feel the freedom Jeremy and his friends felt, she stood up and stripped off. The pool was set up just off the deck at the split-level house, in such a way that you could jump in from the deck. Kate did just that.

She dove underwater and swam to the opposite side before surfacing, then turned and floated on her back, gently kicking to keep herself moving while feeling the hot mid-June sun beating down on her bare breasts and still-bare mound.

She spread her legs and let the water cool the heat building between her legs, then kicked her legs together and propelled herself to the end where she jumped in. Kate stood and walked in the water to the middle. She held up her medium-large breasts, which she thought sagged too much, but the boys had marveled over them. Her nipples were erect, sticking out like the proverbial pencil erasers. They were her favorite part of her breasts.

She reached under the water and massaged her clit, thinking about what happened the night before with Jeremy, and how he gently and timidly touched the outer lips of her vagina. She had longed for him to be bolder and explore inside, even to pull back the hood and touch her most sensitive spot.

But he was a boy -- OK, a young man -- of 20 and they think about getting off. Women's bodies are mysteries to them, but a mystery they explore only with their own gratification in mind.

How she wished she could do it all over again, knowing what she knows now as a mature woman -- how many people have thought that over time? To be bold enough to teach a young man how to make love to a woman and awaken her desires would have paid great dividends -- but who has that kind of courage as a young woman? And who had the kind of wisdom as a young man to ask how to please his partner?

She suppressed the thought that entered her head and slipped out of the pool.

Kate found her swimming suit and light beach jacket were gone. Stealing someone's clothes while skinning-dipping was an old trick, and Kate figured she had just been victimized. At least it was at her isolated rural house.

This sounded like the work of Cory, the jokester among the gang of four. Kate figured she would find him with Jeremy, Matt and Josh inside.

She had forgotten to bring a towel, since swimming wasn't on her mind when she went out to the deck. There was a small one placed on the chair for her to sit on. She dried off a bit with that.

It was too small to wrap herself in. There was nothing to do but walk inside in front of them in the nude and give them the show they wanted to see. No matter. They had seen it all already.

She walked in through the patio doors that entered at the dining room and saw Jeremy sitting alone working on a sandwich with a sly grin on his face.

"So. . . Jeremy. Where are your friends and where is my swim suit?" she asked.

"My friends aren't here," he said. "And what swim suit?"

He was suppressing a laugh.

"So this was just your little prank to see Mom walk back in the house naked?"

"Well, at least I didn't lock all the doors," he said. "That crossed my mind, but I figured it loses its impact if you don't have any worries about someone coming along and seeing you naked. There didn't seem to be any point."

"But there wasn't any point to stealing my suit, either," Kate replied. "If you wanted to see me naked, you could have just sat on the deck and waited for me to come out."

"Yeah, but this way, you're still naked."

"Do you like me naked?" Kate asked, standing at the edge of the table and making no attempt to conceal any of her treasures.

"Yeah," Jeremy said after a pause. "I gave them shit for saying so, but I have to admit they're right. My Mom is hot."

"You're sweet," Kate said. "Well, for what it's worth, I like you naked too. And as a matter of fact, I am hot. I think I'll just go back out and jump in the pool again to cool off."

Kate turned and did her most seductive hip-swinging walk back out the patio door, hoping he'd take the bait. She felt at the same time she had crossed another line. At first, it was Jeremy's friends involved, and he was just there and worked into the game. Then he came and asked her for some relief. But now, unquestionably, she was coming on to her own son.

Kate dove in the pool and swam underwater to the other side as she did before. She surfaced and stood with her arms spread out resting on the edges of the pool, her breasts just below water in the shallow pool. She waited a moment, then swam back.

She headed back out of the pool and caught Jeremy on the deck , just finishing stripping off all his clothes. She had timed it perfectly, she thought.

"Uh, Jeremy. I forgot my towel again, would you run in and get me one? And why don't you grab a beer on the way out."

He ran inside naked and shortly reappeared with a couple of beach towels and a beer. She took one and dried off.

"Let's just sit down and talk," she said, taking one of the upright deck chairs.

Jeremy obediently took one too, almost facing her rather than sitting alongside of her.

"So that hint that you were going skinny dipping again was just a trick to get me to take my clothes off?" he said.

"Yes. It was to get back at you for stealing my suit and making me stand there naked talking to you. We needed to talk anyway, and if I was going to be naked it was only fair that you were too. Isn't that how the rule goes around here?" Kate said, referring to the excuse the boys used to get her to strip for them.

"OK, I get it," he said sheepishly.

"Well," Kate said getting the conversation started. "We certainly are getting to know each other better this summer."

Jeremy laughed. "I guess you could say that, as one naked person to another."

"So are you OK?" Kate asked. "Things have been pretty weird lately. How are you handling it?"

"Uh. . . Well, I found it feels better to let you handle it. I mean, I like to handle it myself, but you handle it pretty well," he said, looking down at his cock and suppressing a grin.

"All right, good one, Jeremy. But, seriously, it's not exactly normal for a grown son to come and see his Mom and ask for some sexual relief, and it's not exactly normal for her to give it to him. I'm still not sure if it's normal for them both to enjoy it, but I think we both did. But it's kind of like drinking too much. It may feel good when you do it, but the next day it doesn't feel so good."

"I know," Jeremy said with a serious tone to his voice, looking away from her the way men often do when it's time to talk about feelings and they're not too comfortable with the subject. "I've been doing a lot of 'I-can't-believe-that-just-happened' lately. And sometimes I wish it hadn't and sometimes I can't wait for it to happen again."

"That's a really honest thing to say, Jeremy. It took courage. I'm proud of you."

"How about you? Are you comfortable with everything that's happened lately?"

It was Kate's turn to look away, up above the treetops, then casting her eyes back down at her nude body. She hadn't felt the arousal, but noticed her nipples were erect. She wondered if Jeremy noticed. She glanced at his penis, which was swollen, but not hard.

"No," Kate finally answered, looking up again, then looking directly at his face. "I really can't be comfortable with it, because when I ask myself about it, I keep telling myself it's wrong. But I never set out on this path. I really was just fooling around and laughing about the situation when I first saw you all watching porn downstairs, and the joking around just went up to the next level."

Kate paused for a moment to consider her next words.

"That's when it got complicated with you. Because. . . there's another element present, and not just that I'm your Mom. I really can't tell you about it. But I'll admit that just being aroused by a bunch of handsome, fit young men is what led me to take my clothes off when you all urged me to. It felt good -- flattering - to know you were all interested and aroused see me, and I let the feeling take control of me."

"And last night was my fault," Jeremy said.

"No, don't think about it like whose fault it is. Honestly, Jeremy, that was the biggest sexual thrill I felt since . . ."

She didn't want to bring up Jack.

"I don't know when," she finished.

"But what's making it complicated with me, besides you're my Mom? Isn't that enough?"

"Yes, that's enough, but . . . Not now, Jeremy. I can't talk about that yet."

He let it drop, for now. "So if you're not comfortable with all of this, why are we sitting here naked together again?"

"I am really proud of you, Jeremy. You're really sharp and have a way of understanding the situation and getting to the point," Kate smiled at him. "We're sitting here naked because I was brave enough to go skinny-dipping not expecting you home, and you stole my suit because you like me naked. Then I tricked you into taking your clothes off because I like you naked. So here we are looking at each other naked and talking about how we shouldn't be comfortable naked together because we're mother and son."

"That pretty much sums it up," Jeremy said, letting his eyes wander to her chest and further down. Kate scooted her chair a bit and faced him even more directly.

"Actually, after last night and that afternoon with your friends, I know I don't have any more secrets from you, physically. I am pretty comfortable now just being naked in front of you. That's no big deal.

"I'm more concerned with how far all this goes," she continued. "I wish I had the courage to say we shouldn't let what happened last night happen again, but I don't want to say that, because I don't mind helping you out so you don't have to do it yourself, and it turned me on so much, too. It's. . . complicated," she said.

"There's that secret complication again," Jeremy observed.

"You haven't told me how you feel about all of this," Kate said, changing the subject.

"What you said sounds a lot like how I feel. I thought it was way wrong to go ask you last night to give me that hand job thing you did before. But I was sooooo horny and gave in to it. I was really scared. I was afraid you'd scold me and send me away and that really would have bothered me a lot. But I wouldn't have asked if I didn't think you'd do it."

He paused for a moment.

"And I'm not bothered by being naked in front of you now. After everything that's happened, seeing each other naked doesn't seem like such a big deal. Besides, I really do like seeing you naked. I always thought you were a great looking Mom, but didn't think it was OK to think that until lately. Now I couldn't wait for you to get out of the pool so I could check you out again."

"That's really flattering," Kate said. "And that's part of what's driving all this. I'm 38 and sometimes feeling my age. The fact that 20-year-old hunks find me 'hot' really turns me on, and sexual adventure is one thing that's been missing from my life."

She was watching and caught Jeremy's eyes cast down and linger on her crotch. She spread her legs wide for him. He looked away, then down again and blushed.

"You're busted," Kate said. "Here's a lesson for you, young man. Women notice these things, like when a guy is talking to you and his eyes go down to check out your tits. We know when guys are interested in our legs or our feet, because we see them looking at them. Guys don't think we notice, but we do.

"But go ahead," she continued. "You were trying to steal a glance at my vagina, but it's OK. I don't mind if you look. I showed it to you before."

Jeremy was still blushing, but looked down directly at her widely spread legs. His cock rose to full attention and he instinctively moved his hand in a futile attempt to hide it.

"One thing about you young guys. You're so easily aroused," Kate said. She closed her legs and tucked one foot under her, still giving him a pretty good view.

"Come on, Mom, spreading like that is pretty arousing."

"For a guy," she said. "Women are more complicated. It usually takes more than looking to get us going."

Kate recalled what she had been thinking before when she was skinny-dipping alone, about doing it all over again and having the courage to teach a man how to please her. The thought that she suppressed then came forcing its way back.

"I know that young men never want to take dating or relationship advice from their Moms," Kate said. "But there's so much more I could teach you about what the girls you're with are thinking."

Jeremy squirmed in his seat, his erection clearly making him uncomfortable. But his arousal would not allow him the will power to avert his gaze.

"Caught you again," Kate said when he looked between her legs. She hoisted both her heels up on the edge of her chair and spread her knees apart.

"Mom, you're making me crazy. And something you ought to know about guys. You don't tease us and leave us hard. We hate that."

"I know. I'm sorry. I won't leave you like that if you don't want me to. But, Jeremy," she said, closing her legs and putting her feet on the deck again with her knees together, "I know you're not a virgin, but I'm not going to ask about intimate details with the girls you've been with, but let me ask you this. Did you think about them at all and what works for them?"

"Yeah, I tried to. They seemed to have a good time."

"The size of your 'equipment' is going to get some attention from some. But if you just use it to slam away at them, or to shove down their throats, or, worse yet, up their asses, you're not going to be known as a very good lay, despite your size."

"Come on, Mom, I'm not going to be mean to a girl I'm going out with. You know me better than that."

"I know, but my mother's intuition tells me you've got a lot to learn. You like looking at my vagina, don't you?"

"Mom, guys like looking at women's pussies. I'm no different," he said, as if making an excuse for why he liked looking at hers.

"It's OK, Jeremy. I know that and I'm OK with it. But come with me," she said, standing up. "I want you to look, and I want you to know something."

Kate started walking toward the house and Jeremy got up to follow.

Kate led him to her bedroom, then turned to face her pale-faced son.

"First of all, Jeremy, don't get scared. I'm not going to ask you to make love to me. That's not why we're here. But I won't send you away frustrated either.

"Now. . . this is hard for me, Jeremy, because it's going to be the most embarrassing thing I've ever done, and you're probably going to be embarrassed too. If this is just too much for you, please, just say so and leave. I'll never even mention it again and pretend that it never happened. I promise you."

Kate sat at the head of the bed and propped herself up slightly with pillows, then drew her knees up to her chest and embraced them. She looked at her son, who looked confused and a little scared.

"I know you wanted to keep stealing looks between my legs. Well, I want you to look, and I want you to take a close look," she said. "Come on, sit down there."

She pointed toward her feet and when Jeremy sat there facing her she pushed her feet out, placing them on each side of him and opened her legs. Giving a deep sigh, she spread them wide and exposed herself fully.

"Go ahead and look, Jeremy. What do you guys call it?"

"Uhh.... a pussy," he answered tentatively, blushing.

"Some things never change," Kate said.

"Well, what you see here," she said, running her right hand over her outer lips, then pinching them together to emphasize the crack he was staring at, "is only the outside. To us girls the good stuff is inside. Think about it, Jeremy. Your stuff hangs out where everyone can see it and get at it when you're naked. For us, it's all tucked inside here and you have to go looking for it and know what you're looking at to appreciate it."

Kate spread herself open to let him look inside.

"See, there're a couple of more lips in here," she said, running the tip of an index finger along the edges of her inner lips.

"Umm. . . I know, Mom. This isn't the first one I've seen. And you're right, this is pretty embarrassing."

"I know, Jeremy, and I'll stop if you want me to, or just tell me 'no' if you want. But I have a purpose in mind, and it's not to be an exhibitionist," Kate said.

"Oh no, Mom, who would ever think you were any kind of exhibitionist," Jeremy laughed. "But I said it was embarrassing, not that I didn't want to look anymore."

"Ok, but tell me -- have you performed oral sex on a girl?"

"Ummm. . . Yes. Have you?" he smiled.

"Jeremy, please be serious."

"Ok, I will, but if you had I was wondering if it'd be OK if I watched sometime," he said, still joking around.

An image of that time with Sarah flashed through Kate's mind, but she was able to stay on subject.

"There is somewhere I'm going with this, Jeremy. I assume you've also touched her there and put your fingers inside?"

"Ummm. . . Yeah. Do you want me to do that to you?"

"If you want to," Kate said after a pause.

"Listen," Kate went on. "Most guys when they put their fingers inside a woman act like they're trying to find a set of keys or a quarter in their pocket. They dig around like they're looking for something. And when they lick you -- I was watching a movie once and the woman told her partner that he used his tongue like he was trying to paint a fence. She told him instead to imagine licking honey off a butterfly's wings.

"Well, these are the butterfly's wings," Kate continued, opening herself again and tracing her finger along her inner lips. "I like to be licked along each side of them, then right up along the edge here. Not with broad paint brush, but with the very tip of an artist's brush, delicately.

"And here," Kate went on, poking a finger in her opening below. "Guys try to see how deep they can get their tongue in, as if it can be as long as their penis or even their finger. But this is the part that feels a lot of the friction during sex, here around the edges instead of deep inside. If you use your tongue or your fingers to explore around here instead of seeing how deep you can go, you will please her a lot more.

"But don't think going further inside is bad. Just keep in mind, you didn't lose your keys in there. Think about caressing her opening and caressing her inside."

Jeremy stared unceasingly at his mother's sex as she held herself open and explained it all to him. He also didn't stop blushing, and his cock did not relent from its rigid state for an instant.

"And another thing, as you play around, her lips inside here are going to change. You guys aren't the only ones who have blood rush to your genitals when you get aroused. When a woman gets aroused, her vagina starts to swell and get more sensitive, just like your penis. That's why you'll see the inner lips sticking out from the outside lips when some women get aroused. If she's getting puffy down there, she's getting excited."

Jeremy didn't say a word, but reached out and started to gently caress first her outside lips, then the space between the outer and inner lips.

"Very good, Jeremy, that feels very nice," Kate said. "You see, I don't mind."

Kate opened herself more.

"And this is my clit," she said, rubbing her finger over the top gently. Jeremy withdrew his own fingers and watched some more.

"Mine's always covered up," Kate went on. She pulled back the hood and showed him. "See, mine's real small, just a tiny button, but it's pretty sensitive. With some women it sticks out quite a ways.

"This is where I rub myself when I want to get myself off, but I usually just rub it over the top of its little cover. When it comes to her clit, you really have to get to know your partner. Some women won't come without being touched there. Some can't stand to be rubbed directly on her clit because it's just too sensitive. Sometimes it feels better to be rubbed around it hard, but then just a very light touch right on the clit. That's kind of how I like it, but everyone's different."

"So, am I supposed to just ask, 'how do you like your clit rubbed?'" Jeremy asked, making the notion sound ridiculous.

"The short answer is 'yes,'" Kate said. "But of course you think of a better way to ask, like, 'is this too hard, or does it feel good?'"

Jeremy reached out and gently touched her clit, just resting his finger on the tiny spot.

"Is that too hard or does it feel good?" he asked.

"Not too hard, but too early," Kate said, recoiling slightly. "I usually like to be worked up to that, even when I do it myself. If a guy goes right for the clit, it doesn't feel right. Think of pleasuring a woman down there like playing a song. You don't get to the most intense part of the song right away, but build up to it."

Jeremy went back to gently rubbing between her inner and outer lips with the tip of a single index finger.

""So you want me to start like this?"

"That works for me, but I haven't been telling you this so you know how to touch me. I want you to know how to touch the girls you go out with and be a really great lover for them. For that, you'll have to learn what they like, but I was trying to get you to understand a little more about women's bodies down there. But the main thing is, Jeremy, that when young guys get a chance to touch a woman between her legs, they think 'Oh boy, she's letting me play with her pussy. This is fun.' -- as if it's all about what's fun for them. When you touch her there you should be thinking that that's the time to give her pleasure, and have some idea of how to do it. Believe me, she will reward you for it. It's Ok to like to touch her there, but focus on her when you're down there and expect her to focus on your pleasure when she touches you."

Jeremy gently caressed Kate between her inner and outer lips on each side, then gently touched them on the inside, making a circle around her opening. He had stopped joking about the situation like a teenager, and had stopped blushing, too, Kate observed. She really had done this to teach him things that would pay dividends with younger women later. Still, her own needs were on her mind, too.

"You can kiss me there if you want, but only do what you feel comfortable with," Kate said.

Jeremy lay down and slid up. He placed a light kiss on his Mom's outer lips, the way he might kiss an aunt goodbye at the family reunion. Then he did it again and again.

"This is a really weird way to be kissing your Mom goodnight," he said.

"I know," Kate said. "But it feels good to me, and if you enjoy it and can learn something from it, then go ahead. But I won't be offended if this is just too much for you."

Jeremy responded by running the very tip of his tongue along the crack between her outer lips, from bottom to top.

Then he spread her open and licked the space between her inner and outer lips, on each side.

Kate moaned and settled back into the pillows behind her.

Jeremy had listened well. He delicately licked Kate's inner lips along the outsides then traced the edges with the very tip of his tongue. He placed his index finger just inside her opening and slowly felt around in a circular motion.

Kate moaned and let out a deep breath.

"Oh, that feels so good, Jeremy. I so love a soft touch down there."

Jeremy worked his way in, gently licking the insides of her inner lips while his finger slowly slid all the way inside. He timed the slow back and forth insertion of a single finger with the pace of his tongue, still tracing and licking along her lips, which were swelling just as she'd said.

"My God, Jeremy, you're licking me beautifully," Kate said, breathing deeply but not yet rapidly.

Jeremy lingered a while with what Kate had responded so well to, then he replaced his index finger with his tongue at her opening, licking around the circle slowly. His finger meanwhile went up to her hooded clit, where he started to rub back and forth at the same slow pace.

"Ohhhhhhhhh!" Kate moaned loudly. "Jeremy. You're so sensuous!"

She could feel herself getting hot and wet, and knew he was getting a good taste of his mother's nectar. He was patient, continuing the pattern and feeling her warmth and her wetness build.

"Yes, Jeremy! Put your tongue in and taste me," she panted.

Jeremy already had his tongue out as far as he could, but he quickened his pace with his finger rubbing her clit, and Kate's breathing became more rapid.

Jeremy then licked all the way up to her clit while he slid two fingers inside her. Pulling back the hood to expose her small button, he started to lick around it while his two fingers worked around just inside her opening.

"Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Kate panted as she gripped the sheets beneath her fingers.

Jeremy started moving his fingers back and forth inside her and at the same time touched the tip of his tongue directly on her exposed clit. When he flicked it back and forth, Kate exploded.

"Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhhh!" she screamed as her orgasm overwhelmed her.

Not able to take the intensity any more, she pushed Jeremy's head down away from her clit and he dove his tongue into her hot hole, where a river of come was flowing out.

As Kate thrashed in her climax, she held the back of her son's head, pulling him back inside. He was lapping up her come as fast as he could.

She was coming in her son's mouth, Kate thought. In a moment, it would be her turn to taste his.

But she did not feel the guilt and regret she had felt before with him.

When the intensity became too much for her, Kate eased Jeremy's head back and lay spent on the bed, panting for a moment.

"Thank you!" she whispered, with feeling.

When Jeremy moved up on his knees, she reached and grabbed under his arms to encourage him to move forward. When she could reach it, she grabbed his cock and pulled him closer. He got the idea and straddled her prone body with his knees.

His cock was huge, bigger than she'd seen it before, and throbbing.

"Oh, you poor dear, you're ready to burst," Kate said with sympathy in her voice.

"Mom, my balls really hurt."

"We'll take care of that," she smiled as she placed his penis between her breasts. She pressed them together to make a tunnel for him. He began to thrust back and forth, almost by instinct.

Each time that big purple head emerged from between her mounds a sexual thrill went up through Kate, who once thought that kind of thrill was gone forever from her life. She was becoming intoxicated by it, and craved more of it.

"Have you ever done this before?" Kate asked.

"No, but I've seen it in a porn movie. It feels great. But I'm so horny, rubbing it on my pillow would feel great," Jeremy said. "I'm not going to last long, Mom."

"I can do better than that," Kate said, gasping his impressive member once more. She pulled him up, and he willingly walked his knees forward as she placed his huge cock into her mouth.

Kate started to pump him with her right hand while her left hand found his balls. She moved her head up to apply friction with her mouth, but realized he wasn't getting the hang of what should be happening. She had been explicit in describing how he could bring her off, so she decided to show him what would best bring him off.

Taking her hand off his balls, she placed in on his ass and encouraged him to thrust forward. He started to fuck her mouth.

She returned her left hand to his balls and squeezed. She let his thrusting motion provide the friction from her right hand around his cock, while at the same time using that hand and arm to keep him from thrusting too deeply and choking her.

She knew what to do with her lips and tongue as he made each thrust forward.

"Uhhhhhhh! "Uhhhhhhh! "Uhhhhhhh! "Uhhhhhhh! "Uhhhhhhh!" Jeremy grunted, and when she felt the head of that huge cock expand and his body freeze up, she pulled him a little deeper into her mouth.

She had to break it off when his first shot nearly gagged her. Pulling him out, she let the next couple of squirts fall on her face before sticking it back in and letting his seed flow over her tongue. She swallowed what he offered.

Kate planted a tender kiss on the tip of his penis after she withdrew it. Jeremy slid down, pulling it away from her face. He had been too caught up in the intensity of his long-building release to notice everything that happened. When he pulled away and looked down at his mother's pretty face, he saw his own come splattered across her face and lips.

Jeremy frantically looked around, then jumped up and darted to the bathroom and grabbed a hand towel, brought it back and, blushing, started to wipe his mother's face.

She took it from him and dabbed herself clean.

"Thanks, Jeremy. It's OK. That was fabulous and I loved every drop," she said. "C'mhere."

She led him down to lie beside her on the bed and lay on his side to face her. She put her arms around him and pulled him close, then pulled back and looked into his eyes.

"You were blushing again. I've made you blush a lot today. What was it this time?"

"C'mon, Mom, it's pretty embarrassing when you see your come on your Mom's face."

Kate gave a soft laugh.

"It's really OK, Jeremy. Women know that when they get naked with a guy sometime they're going to end up with come on their face. It's no big deal. In fact, I rather liked it."

That made him blush some more. Kate tenderly kissed him on the lips, a hand softly holding the back of his head. She stuck out her tongue and licked his lips without sticking her tongue all the way in his mouth. He reciprocated and licked her lips as well.

"Remember, you've had my come on your lips today, too," she whispered.

He blushed again, but at the same time those words made his deflated cock stir. What a virile young man, Kate thought. None of the men she had been with since Jack died could stir again so soon after a powerful orgasm.

"I know," Kate said. "This is a little too much to bear at times. We both know we shouldn't be doing this. But, Jeremy, we have to give ourselves permission to enjoy it. Even if it's something that's so taboo that it makes us uncomfortable in a lot of ways, our bodies still respond like they would with anyone else. And I, for one, had the most intense and satisfying orgasm I'd had since. . . I can't remember when."

"I think that was the most intense I've ever had, too. Mom, you really had my balls aching, I was so horny. It was scary how much I wanted you."

"It's OK to be scared about this. I'm scared too."

"But, Mom, what's this thing you said makes it more complicated for you, besides me being your son?"

"Oh, Jeremy, not now. I'm sorry I ever said anything. I'm not even sure whether you should know about it," Kate said, then quickly changed the subject.

"But don't worry, Jeremy. What happened today -- I'm the one who initiated it this time

, but I'm not going to apologize for it. For one thing, it felt really good for both of us, but, see, I didn't do it because I wanted you to get me off, that was just an amazing benefit.

"You kept looking between my legs and I wanted to satisfy your young curiosity, and teach you a few things that will really make you much more sensitive to your girlfriends' needs, and make you a lot more popular with them."

She reached down and took his semi-hard cock in her hand again.

"This is really, really amazing, and you ought to be proud of it. But, trust me, Jeremy, if you can make the girls your age feel the way you just made me feel, that's what they will be most impressed with. You will get a reputation as a tremendous lover." She released him before he could outgrow her hand.

"Thanks, Mom. I guess I had a good teacher," he smiled. "I wish my college classes were as much fun as this one."

"Well, Jeremy, I'm not going to use 'sex education' as an excuse to try to get your head between my legs when I'm feeling an itch. That wouldn't be fair to you. I really need to see men my own age for my needs, and you need to find another girlfriend. Still, we've already crossed a couple of lines. So, if you're going to bed horny some night and you're going to masturbate, it's OK to ask me for a little help once in a while. I don't mind."

"What if my friends come over and want some 'help,'" Jeremy said, bringing up an issue that had been in the back of her mind.

"I don't know," she sighed. "I was afraid I started something there, especially after I stripped for them all. I don't know what's going to happen when they come over and you're all jumping in the pool naked again. I can tell you this, Jeremy's Mom's house is not going to become a place where the guys can come over for a quick hand job and a peek at 'Mrs. C's' tits."

"Good," Jeremy said. "I'm afraid of things getting out of hand. I'll help you keep it under control."

"Thanks," Kate said. She kissed him tenderly on the lips again. "I really do love you, Jeremy. You've grown into an impressive young man, in lots of ways."

"I love you, too, Mom," he said, kissing her back, with just as much tenderness. He reached his hand down and caressed her breast as he kissed her. Then it was her turn to feel a stirring down below.

Kate got up and slipped on her robe at 8:00 the next morning. Jeremy had been out of the house for more than an hour with his early morning summer job.

It was the first time Kate put on clothes since stripping off her swimsuit and skinny dipping in the pool, only to be caught by Jeremy the afternoon before. After their intimate encounter in her bedroom, they got up and Kate fixed some supper. They ate together at the dining room table, both still naked, but relating to one another like an ordinary, clothed, mother and son.

It was unusual for them to sit around the family room together watching TV. He was always running around with friends or playing on the computer, off by himself at night. But they put in a movie and sat in separate recliners in the family room and watched it, eating popcorn and sipping soft drinks, all in the nude.

When Jeremy decided to go to bed because of his early job, he gave her a tender kiss goodnight and thanked her for a memorable day, but did not take her up on her offer to "help" him if he wanted.

Kate felt invigorated in the morning. She felt none of the guilt trip hangover she had the last morning after an intimate encounter with Jeremy. She felt they had somehow come to terms with it yesterday. They had become closer as mother and son, comfortable enough with each other to be casually nude in each other's presence without causing embarrassment or having it interpreted as a come-on. She wasn't going to solicit sexual relief from him, but her offer the help him once in a while seemed like no big deal. It was their little secret.

All that had happened with Jeremy and his friends had re-awakened Kate's sexuality. She felt attractive, sexual, and adventurous. She was anxious to meet some men to try out her new confidence as a seductress who knew how to awaken their passions.

So when she showered that morning, she took care to shave herself clean, and felt a little disappointed that Jeremy may have felt the unwelcome friction of a little stubble when he played with her the afternoon before. She rubbed herself down with a body lotion, painted her toenails and freshened her manicure. She selected a thong for her underwear and a pair of tight, high cut shorts, her favorite push-up bra and a sheer blouse.

She dabbed on some perfume and thought she might see if she could arrange a last-minute lunch date with her friend Sarah, the most seductive woman she knew.

It was about 10 a.m. and she was just about to call Sarah's office when she saw Matt's truck turning into the driveway.

In an instant, the implications flashed through her mind. He knew Jeremy would be at work then and that Wendy was studying abroad that summer. He would have no reason to come to the house with neither of her children home -- unless it was to see her.

She recalled how he came on to her when she was naked in her kitchen after doing that strip show for the four boys, while the others were outside playing basketball. He took command of her with his masculine presence, in a way that reminded her of Jack.

She surrendered to him in her laundry room and he had his way with her.

There was no doubt in her mind that Matt was coming back to repeat that encounter. She feared he would ever since it happened.

Now how was she to handle it? She had only a minute or two to decide. She shut herself up in a bathroom to buy more time.

He would no doubt come on to her in his take-charge way. She did not want to respond to that this time, as it would send the message that she was his to command and take any time he wanted her.

She could, of course, rebuff his advances and send him away, probably the wisest choice.

But the passions that had been re-awakened in her of late were strong that morning. She wondered how many women her age would be thrilled that a 20-year-old physical specimen like Matt wanted them, and wondered if she shouldn't enjoy this erotic ride while she could.

She wanted him, she knew, but on her terms, not his.

"Mrs. C.?" he heard him call from the kitchen. Jeremy's closest friends never had to knock before coming in her house.

"Is that you Matt?" she called from the bathroom. "Just a minute, I'm in the bathroom!"

Kate took a moment to do some final primping in front of the mirror, took a deep breath and unbuttoned the top button of her blouse. She slipped out of her simple shoes, whispering to herself "barefoot is sexy."

Kate emerged from the bathroom and found Matt sitting at the kitchen divider counter. She flashed her warmest, sexiest smile.

"Why, Matt, I'm so surprised to see you! Jeremy is working now, you know."

"I know, but I thought I'd drop over and see you," he flashed a devilish smile back as he stood up.

"That's so sweet of you!" Kate gushed. She stepped up to him close and gave him a quick, welcoming, hug, then stepped back, letting her hand linger on his strong arm. Matt wore a pair of baggy basketball shorts and sneakers, with a sleeveless yellow jersey with his old basketball number on it.

"Can I get you anything?" she asked, stepping to the refrigerator and opening it, then bending over low while keeping her legs straight. "I think I have some orange juice in here. It's too early for beer."

"No thanks," Matt said, stepping toward her.

Kate stood up quickly and spun around. She wasn't going to let him start grabbing her from behind again. Last time, he ended up taking her before she ever turned around to look at his face. He would have to deal with her face-to-face this time.

Kate looked up at him confidently, almost defiantly, as if to say she knew what his game was.

"Actually, I came to apologize," he said.

"Oh. . . and I suppose you regret what happened before?"

"Not so much that, 'cause I thought it was great. You were amazing, and I think you liked it to," he said reaching up to caress her cheek with his hand.

Kate intercepted the hand, not defiantly, but she controlled it. She rubbed her thumb into the palm as she intertwined her fingers with his.

"It's just that it was kind of rushed, with the guys outside and not wanting to get caught and everything," he said. Still wanting to be the aggressor, he placed his other hand on her shoulder.

"So I kind of did my business and took off. I didn't take time to make sure you were. . . you know. . . satisfied."

Kate brought Matt's hand to her mouth and slipped just the tip of the index finger inside her lips, which she closed around it, then pulled it slowly out, flicking the tip with her tongue. She released his hand and stepped away, turning toward the dining room and looking down.

She turned to face him again, resting her hands on the back of a dining room chair and spreading her fingers to show off her refreshed manicure.

"So you think you know how to satisfy a woman?" Kate asked.

"I do pretty well. I haven't had any complaints so far," Matt said.

"Matt, the women you bed are just thrilled that a tall, athletic hunk like you wants them. They're not going to complain and no matter how they come on to you, they're too shy to tell you what they want. I wouldn't call myself an 'older woman' at 38, but I am more mature, and more demanding."

"Hey, I've got what you need right here," he said.

"You think so, do you? Well, let's see if you can put your money where your mouth is -- or shall I say, put your mouth where the money is?"

Matt was approaching her again, but Kate turned and walked away, then looking back over her shoulder, said, "Why don't you go down to the sofa in the family room? That porn movie you were watching is probably still down there if you want to put it back in."

Kate disappeared into the bathroom again.

"OK," she thought, "I am almost twice his age. He's known since Jeremy was little that I am in charge of this household. This time things will be on my terms."

After a couple of minutes she emerged to find Matt gone, but his truck still in the driveway. She knew where to find him.

He was sitting in the center of the sofa in the family room naked, his legs spread, feet on the floor, and arms stretched out along the back of the couch on each side of him. It was the pose he struck the night this all began.

He was not yet hard, but was gently playing with himself to get it going in anticipation of her arrival.

"My, my, I see you've made yourself comfortable," Kate said in her best sultry voice, pausing at the entrance to the room. "It seems I remember this pose from that night when you were watching the porn movie. But that night, you looked a little more -- shall I say -- excited?

"You didn't put the porn movie in, so maybe you need a little other help," Kate said, entering the room. Matt started to stand up, but she admonished him.

"No, no, you just sit right there," Kate said, pushing down on his shoulders to return him to the seated position.

She stepped back again and started to unbutton her blouse.

"You guys always think you know what turns a woman on, but most of the time you don't have a clue. But women know what turns you guys on."

Kate tossed her blouse aside and walked up to Matt. Straddling his feet, which were on the floor in front of him, she leaned forward and braced herself with her hands on the back of the couch, thrusting her bra-clad breasts into his face.

She moved her hands to his shoulders when he started to raise his hands toward her, then seductively ran her hands down his arms to keep them in place at his sides, while rubbing her breasts lightly against his chest and abdomen.

She continued, letting her breasts lightly touch his thighs, but she dodged with both her breasts and her face his now fully erect penis.

"You guys are so visually stimulated," she said, though she figured the expensive perfume she dabbed between her breasts had its effect as well.

She stood erect directly in front of him, then unclasped her bra, removed it, and tossed it on the sofa next to Matt.

She lifted them up and displayed them for him, twisting the nipples to make them erect.

"Fuckin' awesome," he said.

"You like them?" Kate said, leaning forward and placing her hands on his shoulders once again. She again slid her arms down to signal him to keep his arms still.

This time, she ran her left breast across his face. He found the nipple and took it in his mouth and tried to hold it there.

"Don't bite," Kate instructed. "Run your tongue around the outside, then tease the nipple with the tip of your tongue."

He did as told and she presented him with the other breast.

Matt was not idle with his hands, which she kept under control with her hands on his arms. He was playing with his member with one hand and massaging his balls with the other.

Kate backed off and unsnapped her shorts, slowly unzipping them.

"There's more," she said seductively. "Or do you only want to play with what's on top?"

"Oh, man, keep going. Damn, you're hot! You're making me fuckin' crazy!"

Kate turned and wiggled out of the tight shorts, bending over to let him get a full view of her ass, then turned around and let him see the cameltoe outline under her thong.

"Almost done," she said, echoing her comment before removing her panties when she stripped for Matt and the others before.

Kate slowly peeled down the thong, tossed it aside and stood before him nude.

She ran her hand along her smooth vagina and up across her mound.

"You guys like us to shave down there, so you can see it better, don't you?"

Matt was working his member faster now.

"I just know I like looking, and touching," he said.

"Well, would you like a close look? Have you ever tasted a woman?" Kate asked, as she stepped up over Matt's legs, standing on the couch and straddling his lap.

""You bet,' Matt responded.

"I'm not talking about whether you've licked a woman down there. Have you ever really made love to her with your tongue?

"I do all right," he said.

"Hmmmm. Show me," Kate said.

She spread open her vagina and lowered herself down a little.

Matt sat up straighter to bring his face up higher and grabbed her hips to help support her weight. It was an awkward position to say the least, Kate thought, but it put her above him and him down below servicing her.

Matt ran his tongue up and down her crack, then pushed inside and licked back-and-forth. Kate had to stabilize herself by placing her hands on the wall behind the couch.

Kate's body responded, to a degree. She was getting wet, but compared to what Jeremy did to her down there this was disappointing. Matt was not trying to please her so much as just enjoying for himself the fact that he was licking her pussy.

"That's nice, but be softer and more gentle. Picture licking honey off a butterfly's wings," she advised.

Matt responded by doing the same thing, only slower.

Kate figured if she wasn't going to get a nice, sensuous bout of cunnilingus out of him, she would make the best of what he was doing.

She pushed herself harder against his face and rocked her hips back and forth, trying to get some friction on her clitoris, which he was ignoring. The effect was almost like wiping her pussy on his face, and Matt wanted none of it. Just as she tried to reach down with one hand and rub her clit herself, Matt stopped and started to stand up.

He put his arms around Kate's waist and picked her up with ease and deposited her on her feet in the middle of the floor, spinning her around at the same time.

"Ohhh!" Kate let out a yelp of surprise as he handled her body so easily and quickly.

Just as quickly, Matt looped his left arm along her waist and pushed on her back until she was bent over it. He lifted her with that one arm and with his free right hand grabbed his cock and quickly slid it inside a startled Kate.

"Matt!" she cried out, but her tone of voice sounded more like an expression of surprise rather than the protest she meant it to be.

It was happening too fast for Kate's mind to keep up with. Matt grabbed her waist with two powerful hands and lifted her up until she was on her tiptoes. He was so tall that he still had to crouch down a bit to get the right angle to be inside her, but his athletic body was easily in good enough shape to make it work.

He began to trust his hips, sending his member deep into her, while and the same time pulling back on her body so he was slamming her onto him as much as he was slamming himself into her.

Being on her tiptoes, Kate had no stability to try to walk away, and his powerful arms were controlling the movements of her body anyway. Unlike the last time he took her, she had no table in front of her to place her hands on.

She was bent almost in half, her arms flailing for something in front of her that was not there, her breasts slapping back and forth between her chin and abdomen and her pussy being drilled repeatedly and rapidly.

"Uhhhhhh!" she grunted in helplessness while Matt pounded on.

She was being handled like a rag doll. She was being fucked like a rag doll, dangled in the air.

And he was making her tits swing again, just as he had promised to do before their first encounter.

"No, this isn't right," she thought. "I don't want his cock. I want Jeremy's cock -- No, no, I mean Jack's cock."

"Uhhhhh! Please, Matt!" she pleaded as he slammed away at her.

He slipped out and pulled Kate back a couple of steps, depositing her over the arm of the couch, her face down on the cushions and her ass in the air. He entered her again and began to slam into her.

"Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh!" she cried out, her passion building, but so contrary to how she wanted her passion to build when she brought him downstairs.

"Yeah, Mrs. C., you like it rough, don't you?" Matt said.

It reminded her of the way Jack would aggressively slam into her, moving her around in various positions. Back then, she relished the passion, and loved to lose herself in the lovemaking, controlled by Jack. Still, even then, she longed for a tender, sensuous lovemaking, with attention to her needs.

She thought she could manipulate this younger man into giving her the sexual experience she wanted. She had been wrong.

She felt him spreading her ass cheeks to look at her asshole while he was pounding away at her pussy. Once again, Kate thought, she was being totally used by this young man who always demanded his way. It wasn't what she had in mind, but part of her liked being used by this young stud.

Matt stopped and lifted her again, throwing her down on her back on the couch. He placed her right foot on top of the back of the couch and held her left foot high in the air while he penetrated her again.

Kate's legs were splayed at an awkward angle, but it presented a new friction to her well-used opening. Kate closed her eyes and took in the sensations.

When he got close, Matt pulled out, placed one foot on the floor and brought himself forward.

"Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh!" Matt cried as he reached his climax.

He sprayed on her breasts, with some streams landing across her face, and the last remnants dribbling on her belly.

"Oh, man, that was fantastic," Matt said. "Mrs. C., you really are one hot lady. You turned me on so much. Damn! You are way better than those college girls!"

Matt sank down on the end of the couch, while Kate tried to clean his come off her face with her hand.

"Thanks, Matt, that's very flattering. But I didn't want it rough, at least not today, and you didn't get me off like that 'unfinished business' you came here for.'"

"Oh I'm sorry," he said. He reached and ran his hand down her inner thigh, and turned toward her. "Do you want me to --"

"No, I want you to go to the laundry room and find me a towel. Can't you see I'm covered with your come?" Kate said.

Matt jumped up and returned momentarily with a hand towel for her. He was wiping his cock with it on the way back before handing it to her.

"Hey, I'm sorry, Mrs. C. I was just doing what I thought would make you feel good. I guess I came too soon."

"Matt, sometimes a woman wants something different than what a man wants to deliver," she said, wiping herself clean.

After a pause, she added, "Please don't tell anyone about this either."

"I won't," Matt said, reaching for his clothes. "And thanks for. . ."

Matt stopped, now knowing how to finish.

"Thanks for putting out?" Kate said, finishing for him.

"No, I mean. . . You're great, Mrs. C."

"Thanks," Kate said, getting up and reaching for her clothes. "Just keep this between us, OK?"

"Sure," said Matt, fully dressed by then. "I'll see you," he added nervously, and left.

Kate stopped getting dressed, instead gathering her clothes in her arms and taking them to the laundry room. There was no reason why they should be dirty, since she stripped herself out of them before the sex. But something about this made her feel dirty all over and she was on a mission to feel clean again.

Kate threw the clothes in the wash and started the cycle, then headed to the downstairs bath for a shower.

She had every intention of fucking Matt, but wanted to seduce him in her way. Instead, he took her and fucked her his way. She had set out to relish in her own feminine powers to seduce, to teach Matt how to please her as she taught Jeremy.

Clearly, she was out of her league in trying to seduce Matt her way, but there were the others, she thought. . . But she shouldn't.

She lingered in the shower for a long time, then dried off and went back to bed for a late morning nap. She needed Jack, she thought, as she dozed off. She needed Jeremy. But he was part of this drama. And he was her son. Her beloved son. Her connection to Jack. . .

Kate felt sad and guilty when she got up and got dressed for the day for a second time. Strangely, she wasn't feeling guilty about what she had been doing with Jeremy, tough that haunted her when it first began. Now she was feeling guilty about her sex with Matt, absurdly feeling that she was somehow cheating on Jeremy.

It made sense, though, she pondered. Although Jeremy would have no legitimate claim on her sex life, he probably wouldn't like it that she had two liaisons with his best friend. It would break her heart if Jeremy started thinking her a slut.

Kate didn't see Jeremy or his friends at all that day, and she was still delaying her planned visit to Sarah for some advice. The next day, Jeremy was gone again before she got up -- if he ever came home at all the night before -- and Kate settled in to another lonely day at home.

That afternoon, she stripped down and went out on the deck. She sat in one of the deck chairs and imagined the boys running around naked, in and out of the water, guzzling their beers and goofing off, oblivious to how their cocks wagged as they ran back and forth, or how enormously sexy they were.

Kate spread her legs wide and started to work her fingers in and out of her pussy as she thought of it. Her mind kept coming back to Jeremy, and how well he pleasured her in her room the other night. She pulled back the hood and lightly touched her clit, recalling how Jeremy had touched it so gently with the tip of his tongue before he began to flick it back and forth.

"Ohhhhhh!" she cried out as she tried to imitate his tongue action with her fingers.

Kate thought of being taken so roughly by Matt, and how she kept thinking of Jeremy's forbidden cock during the passionate ordeal. She pounded her fingers of her right hand deep into her hole while continuing to work her clit with her left hand.

In the back of her mind, Kate was well aware that she could be caught out on her deck doing this, by Jeremy coming home from work, or by him and his whole group of friends. She wanted to get caught doing something lewd. She wanted to feel sexy. She wanted them all looking at her with lust in their eyes. Especially Jeremy. . .

"Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh!" she cried out as she released.

Kate had nothing to wipe her sticky hand on when her orgasm subsided. She flicked her nipples and wiped her wet fingers on her breasts.

She got up to go in the house and clean up and noticed what a large wet spot she left on the chair. She didn't want to clean it up. If it left a mark it would be her little secret.

Jeremy came home well after supper and found Kate alone in the family room watching TV. She didn't expect to see him again that day, since he was off the next day, and that's when he usually spent the entire night out with his friends.

"What y' watchin?" he asked, coming into the room.

Kate was lying on the couch, but made room for him on the end as he sat down to join her.

"Sleepless in Seattle," she said. "I always relate to the man in this one, because he lost his spouse and has a son to raise."

"Why do women always like tear-jerkers?" Jeremy observed.

"Why to guys always like violence?" she retorted.

"So, how are you doing, Mom? I haven't seen you since that night in your room."

"I'm OK. Have you been avoiding me?" she asked.

"Not at all," he said. "But I've been playing defense. They guys are anxious to come back over and use the pool. . . and stuff. I've been stalling, not sure how you've been feeling about everything."

"Thanks," Kate said. "I have needed some time. But it's not just how I feel about everything. I've been wondering how you feel. I know when your friends come back over they're going to wonder what's going to happen next, and I don't know what you're comfortable with, either."

Kate sat up all the way and swung her feet around to the floor so she was sitting right next to her son.



"First I need to know how you feel about what's happened with us," Jeremy said.

"You know," Kate said, looking away as if lost in the thought. "I spent a lot of time feeling guilty and tormenting myself over it, but after that last time with you, I'm surprised that I'm kind of OK with it. I know we shouldn't be doing it, Jeremy, but it felt marvelous, and I felt so close to you and. . ."

"And it's complicated, isn't it Mom?"

Kate didn't reply. Her eye caught the scene on the TV, where Tom Hanks' character is recalling his departed wife, and he imagines sitting on the sofa having a conversation with her, missing her so much.

"Mom, I need to know. I deserve to know. I'm not a little kid anymore, Mom. You can't blow me off like this is just grown-ups' business and I don't need to know. This involves me, Mom. It's been a pretty big step for me, too, fooling around in bed with my own mother. I need to know how you feel and what you're thinking, and it isn't fair for you to keep it from me."

Kate put her head on Jeremy's shoulder and broke down and cried. He put an arm around her to comfort her.

"What is it. Mom? What's wrong?"

Kate wept harder. She realized that even when it happened she kept her grief under control, and did not show Jeremy how much she was suffering from Jack's death. She was trying to be strong for her kids. She now knew she needed to grieve with them, which she never did.

"What is it Mom? I want to help."

"It's why all this happened, Jeremy," she said, after a pause, continuing to cry, but beginning to gain control of herself. That night I found you and your friends watching that movie, I was just joking around. I expected Matt to stop me, or you to say something when I started playing with him. And I was really joking around with you.

"I wasn't going to touch you," Kate went on. "I was just playing it for a laugh. But. . . Jeremy. . . You looked just like your father."

More tears flowed down Kate's cheeks and she dabbed them with some tissue she had handy.

You're every bit as big as he was. And -- you look exactly the same. I know I'd seen your penis many times before and knew you were well endowed like your father. But that night I first noticed that you look exactly like him down there. I couldn't resist the temptation and reached out and took it in my hand and -- Jeremy, I really felt like I was taking Jack in my hand again. I kept joking around, but that's all I could think of.

"You have no idea how much I miss him still, and when I saw you like that, it was like I had this piece of him back. And I was so thrilled when you came to my room and asked me to help you that night, because I thought I would get to touch Jack again.

"Jeremy, what I haven't wanted to tell you is that this all happened because I was trying to get a piece of your father back. And each time we've been intimate, I wanted so much to feel him inside of me again. I know that's so wrong. And I haven't told you because it's so unfair for me to be trying to get your father back through you.

"I haven't been fair to you. I'm. . . I'm so sorry this every happened, Jeremy," Kate finally stopped, leaning her head on Jeremy's shoulder and crying some more.

"No you're not, Mom. You're not sorry about what's happened and neither am I," Jeremy said. "It's OK, Mom. I don't care that you were thinking about Dad when you were touching me. I can see where you didn't want me and him to get mixed up in your mind or your emotions, but you didn't need to keep it secret from me.

"I don't remember much about Dad. I remember that you were really sad about what happened to him and was trying not to show it. But if it made you feel better to think about Dad when you were with me, I don't mind. I love you, Mom."

Jeremy pulled her close and let her cry. He kissed her hair and squeezed her hand while she let it all out.

Finally, when she had settled down, she said, "All those years, I told myself I would do anything to have just a piece of him back. And I guess messing around with my own son is how I proved it. I could have a piece of him back if I was willing to take that step, I figured. But it wasn't fair to you."

"Mom, I don't see how it's all that unfair. It's OK; really, it is."

"Thanks for understanding," Kate said, kissing him on the lips. He held her like she was a sad girlfriend until the movie ended.

Kate kissed him and thanked him again when she headed off to be later that night. She was still puzzled as to why he was even there, having the next day off, and puzzled, too, why he wasn't taking calls on his cell phone.

Not that it mattered, Kate thought as she started to take off her jewelry to prepare for bed. She felt strangely sad, in a different way than she felt after her disappointing time with Matt. Then she had failed to get her way with him, and it was sadness from defeat. Now she felt sadness from some sort of loss.

She thought back to her confession to Jeremy, and was touched at how well he accepted it and how sweet he was with her, sitting and watching a 'chick flick' with his weeping mom. But she sensed the intimacy she had recently shared with Jeremy was over, particularly with her admission of wanting him inside her each encounter they had. That, she was sure, would be too much for him.

And it was just as well, she thought. It just wasn't right pushing their playing around any further.

She gave a sigh of resignation just before she heard her door open.

Jeremy had always knocked before, but this time he came in directly, but slowly, not barging in. He wore the baggy shorts he had been wearing before, but was shirtless and barefoot.

Jeremy walked up to her silently and placed his hands on her shoulders, then lightly kissed her on the forehead.

He then lowered his hands and pulled his shorts down past his hips, letting them drop to the floor and stepping out of them. Her son stood before her nude, that beautiful cock already half hard.

"Jeremy?" Kate said softly, with puzzlement in her voice.

"Shhhh!" Jeremy replied, placing an index finger on her lips and kissing her lightly on the forehead again.

His hand reached down and undid the top button on her blouse.

"Oh, Jeremy. . ." Kate said, understanding at once his intention, though he had not spoken a word of it.

"Jeremy, are you sure about this?" Kate said as he continued to work his way down the buttons on her top.

"Shhhh!" he replied again, this time following it up with a tender kiss on her lips. "Let's not speak of it," he whispered, finishing the last button.

Kate cast her eyes down timidly and dropped her hands to her sides as he glided the garment off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. She reached forward and cupped his huge balls with one hand while wrapping her fingers around his growing cock. He reached behind and unclasped her bra.

Kate let it fall forward and down her arms. She released his manhood to let he bra come off her arms, and she tossed it aside.

Kate let her arms dangle at her side while she allowed her son to finish undressing her. She felt like a schoolgirl again, surrendering to the advances of her soon-to-be lover, the nervous knot in her stomach reminding her of how wrong it was, or how wrong it was supposed to be, but with the dampness between her legs signaling her willingness -- her desire -- to submit to her desires.

Jeremy unbuckled her belt and unsnapped and unzipped her jeans. Not anticipating such an encounter, Kate had not put on a pair of her tight and sexy but hard-to-get-off pair, and was glad of it, as Jeremy easily slid them down. He knelt in front of her and helped each leg out of her pants separately, then reached for the waistband of her simple pink panties. He slowly eased them down and let her step out of them.

Before standing up he held his face near to her sex and looked closely at it. He placed his hands on her hips and planted a tender kiss on her bare mound, then stood up.

His cock was fully erect by then and pointing straight out at her belly. Kate took it in her hand and also cupped his big balls once again.

Jeremy reached a hand down and ran his fingers along the crack of her outer lips, then slowly moved inside to caress that sensitive area between her inner and outer lips. He had not forgotten what she taught him about how she liked to be touched. They stood facing each other, both looking down and playing tenderly with one another.

Kate looked up at him.

"Jeremy, are you sure?"

"Shhhh!" he replied for the third time. "Let's not speak of it."

Jeremy pulled her close and kissed her passionately on the lips. His massive cock folded in and pointed up, pinned between their bodies. She felt the dampness of the precum on the tip near her breasts, and felt her own dampness on his right hand now pressed against her back, pulling her close.

When he pulled away he knelt down suddenly and fumbled for something in the pocket of his shorts. He stood again and guided her toward the bed just two steps away.

Kate saw what he was holding.

"No, no," Kate said, taking the wrapped condom from his hand. She was glad he thought of it. If there was ever a time when he should make sure he had protection, it was now.

But she explained. "I. . . I had my tubes tied after you were born. You won't need this.

"But, Jeremy," she continued. "I want to feel you, but -- at least not at first -- I don't want to look up and see my son. Could you lie down on your back for me?"

He let her guide him down to the bed. Kate lay next to him, but with her feet dangling off the end. She took his cock in her hands and felt it, examining it, feeling every vein and bump. It was all there, she imagined, just as she remembered it all. She took him in her mouth, inside as far as she could, having to lock her jaw far open to accommodate his girth.

Kate didn't look up at his face before she sat up and straddled him, facing away from him toward the foot of the bed.

The forbidden moment had arrived. The forbidden moment she had longed for.

She ran that huge cock head up and down across her lips, then let it part her to make contact with her inner lips. She rubbed it across herself there and even up to touch her clit.

Then she held him at her opening and slowly lowered herself.

"Ohhhh!" she whimpered as her vagina expanded to accept him. The friction of him sliding past the opening and deeper inside sent sensations throughout her body and awakened a deep lust she knew she would be unable to control.

She kept lowering herself, slowly, feeling his massive member filling her, reaching deeper and deeper until the very base touched her outer lips. She paused for a moment, taking in the sensation of being fully filled. A fleeting thought passed her mind about her son touching the entrance to her womb once again, but it was not her son who occupied her thoughts.

Yes, she thought, as she started to raise herself up, then down again when he was halfway out. Yes, this is Jack. He was back with her once more. He was inside her once more. She didn't want him ever to pull out and be gone again. She wanted to capture him, take in his entire manhood, absorb his essence, be one flesh with him once more.

Kate rode the huge cock, up and down, allowing him to nearly come out of her before plunging down, much faster than she had initially. She pulled back the hood with her left hand and with the fingers of her right hand found her clit. She rubbed it furiously as she rode him.

"Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh!" she cried out. Somewhere under her cries she heard Jeremy as well.

For his part, Jeremy watched fascinated as his mother rose and lowered herself repeatedly on his cock. Not being one who ever cared for hard core porn, he had never observed sex in such graphic detail before. From his position he could see himself plunging inside and knew from his own length and the incredible sensations just how deep his member was probing her.

When Kate rose up, he could see the skin of her opening running the length of his cock, then that same skin tuck inside as she lowered herself down, letting his cock push into her again. He saw his cock glistening with her moisture, and took in the aroma of her arousal. He couldn't help but see his mother's asshole bobbing up and down in front of all of the action.

Kate was so glad he let her control things to start out, but she didn't want to finish this way, and didn't want him to finish with her impersonally facing away from him and riding him so hard. This time she wanted to be taken, to be made love to, to feel a man plunging himself into her.

Kate dismounted and kissed Jeremy as she lay on the bed to his left side. She spread her legs wide apart and bent her knees up as he took his position between them.

Kate reached down and pulled her pussy lips wide apart, letting Jeremy see it all. He took his cock in hand, placed the head at her opening, and slid inside.

He did not enter her slowly the way she first lowered herself onto him, nor did he slam into her with no regard for her feelings. He entered her, established his rhythm, then lowered his body until their chests pressed into each other.

Kate wrapped her legs around him.

It took them several thrusts to get it down right. Jeremy followed Kate's lead as the more experienced one, sexually. She thrust her hips up to meet him while using her legs and her arms around his back to pull him in on his downward thrusts. She pulled back when he did. Soon, their movements matched.

Matt's face was to the left of Kate's and he would kiss her neck and ear and occasionally lift his head up to kiss her lips or her forehead as they made love.

Their breathing became in sync, too, and their panting became faster. They could smell and taste each other's sweat.

They were making love, not just fucking, Kate thought. It was perfect. It was what she wanted, what she longed for, and everything that she imagined it could be.

"Ohhh! Ohhh! Ohhh! Ohhh! Ohhh!" Kate panted, with Jeremy matching her.

They somehow knew when each other was ready and quickened their pace at the same time without interrupting the rhythm. They moved together faster and faster.

"Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh!" Kate shouted.

"Uhhhhhhh! Uhhhhhhh! Uhhhhhhh! Uhhhhhhh! Uhhhhhhh! Uhhhhhhh!" Jeremy was right with her.

Kate felt her orgasm explode at the same time he exploded inside of her. His body stiffened, his cock buried fully inside her. She could feel his muscles tighten as each stream of come came shooting out of him, deep inside of her while her own internal muscles continued to spasm.

When their orgasms subsided they held each other tight and caught their breath, Jeremy still inside Kate while his member started to deflate.

Jeremy kissed her tenderly.

"I love you," he whispered.

"I love you, too, Jeremy," she said. "That was fantastic Thank you. It was better than any fantasy I ever had!"

Jeremy kissed her and held her for a moment, then rolled off. Kate kept her legs spread wide and lightly touched herself between her legs, feeling her come flowing out, mixed with Jeremy's.

He found a small hand towel on her nightstand and handed it to her, but she merely wiped the sweat from her brow and handed it back. She loved all that come between her legs, which she continued to hold wide open, enjoying the feeling of the air around her hot and sticky sex, and enjoying how sexy she felt being uninhibited in how she left herself on display.

She caught Jeremy glancing down between her wide open legs.

She rubbed herself there, feeling the slickness.

"I love how it feels," she explained, as if some explanation for her position were called for.

"Jeremy, I don't think you realize how special that was. We came together. Couples make love all their lives and never manage to come together, but it is so special when they do!"

"Are you saying sex will never get any better than this?" he asked. "But that's OK, because if it's this good once in a while, I'll be happy."

"I hope that every time you make love in your life that you will feel it was the best ever," Kate said as he lay down next to her. She kissed him and they put their arms around each other.

They snuggled for a long time, and Kate got the feeling that Jeremy was being polite, like a typical man who wants to either roll over and fall asleep or run off after even the most passionate lovemaking. But that was OK. It is one way in which men and women differ, Kate thought.

She let him have his space, and ran her fingers through his hair and smiled at him as she pulled away.

"You really did this for me, didn't you? Because of what I said before."

"You had been making me hot, too, Mom. You were afraid saying I was like Dad would scare me away, but I didn't care if that's what you were thinking. If you wanted to feel him again through me, I was OK with that," he said.

"But what's next?" Jeremy went on. "Are we going to torture ourselves about this in the morning? I suppose we're going to be asking if it was worth it?"

"Let's not," Kate said. "We've both struggled with this, but tonight was beautiful. Thank you. You came in to me and gave me what I wanted because it was OK with you, and I wanted it because I was OK with it. It's supposed to be so wrong; we know that. But let's keep it between ourselves and accept what's happened as something we both wanted, and something that turned out lovely for us both."

"Mmmm. Nice speech," Jeremy said. "It's a deal. So we won't torture ourselves or each other about this and whatever happens next with us happens. But what else happens next?"

"What do you mean," Kate asked.

"Well, we're all off tomorrow and they guys want to come over."

"Well. . . " Kate said. "You tell them to come on over. You've awakened my passions, Jeremy, and I'm ready for all kinds of fun, but absolutely nothing that you're not comfortable with. We need to talk about that. Are you prepared for your Mom to get wild?"

Jeremy's Mom's House Ch. 03
bykylejer©

The sexual antics at Kate's house intensify, but Jeremy grows up, and breaks out on his own.

Author's note: The Jeremy's Mom's House stories were very well received three years ago. My apologies to the fans of those stories for making them wait so long for the conclusion. If you have not read those stories, you can still understand and enjoy the sex in this long conclusion, but to get to know the characters and the situation, reading the first two chapters will help you enjoy this story more.

Kate woke up wet between her legs and with her sheets soaked. She and Jeremy had agreed not to torture themselves over what they had done, but Kate had trouble suppressing that "What have we done?" feeling.

Nevertheless, desire overcame that feeling. Jeremy had gone back to his own bed during the night and Kate wanted so much to go to him and feel that magnificent member inside her again. Making love with Jeremy was as close as she had ever felt – or ever could feel – to having Jack back with her, so many years after his death. She missed him so much.

But mostly she was just plain horny.

Kate had given permission for Jeremy's friends to come back over that day, and she knew that after what had happened there would be sexual tension in the air. She wanted them to get naked and swim in the pool so she could look at their cocks again. She recalled how she stripped off all her clothes in front of them and the sexual thrill she got from watching them watch her.

She wanted to strip for them again, spread her legs and watch their cocks get hard, then take them, one after another, and after they were spent and had gone home, take Jeremy into her bed once again.

It frightened her. Only a couple of weeks before, Kate had taken no notice of when Jeremy's friends were over, or of them swimming in the nude and walking in and out of her house undressed. They had been doing it so long, ever since they were young boys, that she learned not to look on the situation as sexual at all.

Sex had not been a big part of her life. She seemed to be doing Ok with the occasional romp with a man who wanted to take her out.

But now she thought about sex constantly. Suddenly seeing her son's extremely attractive friends as sexual beings and feeling their appreciation for her body awakened passions that carried her away.

She needed to take her mind off what she and Jeremy had done and off the sexually charged situation with his friends, so she jumped out of bed and into the shower.

Kate was dressed in a flash and off to meet her Saturday morning coffee clutch friends, who she had been neglecting for a while.

As a way of taking her mind off things, it didn't work. As she entered the coffee shop, she was thinking of how wonderful Jeremy's 12-inch cock felt sliding in and out of her and her thoroughly satisfying orgasm that followed.

"Well, look who's back, and with a story to tell!" Sarah chimed in as Kate sat down. "It's so good to see you again and I can't wait to hear what you've been up to!"

"Nothing much," Kate tried to brush off the question. "No big stories to tell here."

"Now, don't give me that 'Oh, nothing!' business," Sarah said, mocking Kate's response. "You can't walk in here glowing with a just-fucked look on your face and tell us that nothing has been going on!"

That damned Sarah, Kate thought. She was incredibly perceptive, along with being incredibly seductive. Kate wondered if those two skills the fiery redhead possessed in abundance somehow went together. But Sarah certainly had a way of wrapping people, particularly men, around her little finger.

"Come on, girls, am I right? You could tell something was up with her as soon as you laid eyes on her, couldn't you."

"Well, you did have a certain satisfied smile on your face as you came in the door, before you even saw where we were sitting," said Pam. The gorgeous blond smiled a brilliant white-teeth smile, set off by her bright red lips. Kate always wondered how much time Pam spent doing her makeup in the morning. Pam wasn't too heavily made up, like a grotesque streetwalker would be, but she left little to chance, from her full lips to her beautiful blue eyes, her long manicured nails and perfect pedicures. In her mid-30s and divorced, Pam got plenty of attention from interested men.

"And I detected a little bit of a blush when Sarah called you on it," said Joni with a sly smile. A very pretty brunette with a slightly freckled face, Joni seemed shy in the eyes of many people

. But Kate saw how wild she would get in a club after a few drinks, and she remembered her on the basketball court back in high school.

Kate and Joni were the same age, and were friends back then. Extremely tall for a woman at 6'2", Joni still kept herself in great shape, and had the most beautiful, long, athletic legs anyone had ever seen. She never married.

"So, tell us all about it, especially the dirty parts!" Sarah said. "Who is he, and does it look promising?"

"No, it's not like that!" Kate said, realizing immediately that her response was not a complete denial and would get her into further trouble. But she could scarcely tell them that her fabulous lover from the night before was her own son, whom she was thrilled had inherited his late father's magnificent cock.

"So what is it like?" Pam probed. "You're not going to tell us his name?"

"No, there's no man," Kate protested. But before she could get out another word, Sarah interrupted.

"Oh no! Kate, you mean you finally explored your 'bi' side? I always knew you would someday."

The others laughed.

"And I wanted to be your first," Joni pouted.

"You guys! Stop it! I haven't been having sex with any women either," Kate protested. "Look, some really weird things have been happening around my house lately and . . . well . . . they've been fun, but it feels really strange."

"Now you're really got us intrigued," Pam said.

"OK, out with it. What kind of weird things? And I dare you to mention anything kinkier than what I've already done dozens of times," said Sarah.

"It's just that some things that have been going on at my house for years, that were no big deal, suddenly turned. . . erotic."

"We're listening," Sarah said, encouraging her to go on.

Kate had to extract solemn promises not to tell anyone before she went on.

"Well, since they were little, Jeremy's friends had been coming over and swimming in our pool. And when they were, like, 12, they asked if they could go skinny-dipping, and I said they could. Well, that was all right when they were that young, but over the years they did it a lot, to the point that they just normally swam naked. I just kind of got used to having these naked teenage boys around my house and never paid much attention. Well, they're 20 now, and they're all pretty hot."

"You. Have. Naked. 20-year-old. Men," Joni said deliberately, pausing after each word. "Hanging around your back yard all summer, and you haven't invited us over?"

The recriminations came from all sides, as did the accusations that she had nothing to complain about. Of the three, only Sarah was married, and the others said seeing 20-year-old hunks naked all the time was more action than they'd been getting lately.

Kate confided in how she caught them watching porn and in a playful situation ended up giving them all hand jobs, though she lied and denied having done so for Jeremy. She even told them about what happened with Matt, but nothing about sex play with Jeremy.

And she lamented the guilt she felt over having sex with one of Jeremy's friends and how he might feel if he found out.

"Well, I would love to get my hands on this Matt fellow to teach him a little respect," Sarah said. "He needs to learn that women are not there for him to control."

"Well, I'd love to get my hands on any of them!" Pam said.

All of the women were in their 30s, but Kate and Joni were the oldest at 38. The idea of naked 20-year-old men excited them to no end.

Kate finally relented and agreed to propose to the boys a little party, with her friends invited, though she made her friends promise that if the party came down, it would be hands off her son.

Secretly, Kate wanted to keep him for herself.

Kate killed some time after the morning coffee gathering. She got a pedicure and had her hair done. The significance of her spending time making herself more attractive was not lost on her. Far from taking her mind off things, the talk with her friends refocused her mind and energy on sex. The fact that they envied her with those sexy young men in her house so much and wanted to be a part of it emboldened her.

But she was still frightened when she pulled into her driveway.

She shut off the car and sat for a moment. She could tell from the cars that Jeremy's friends were over, though Matt's truck wasn't there. He could have ridden with one of the others, but Kate hoped he really wasn't there. He frightened her.

No, Kate reflected. She was frightened all right, but not of Matt, despite the rough way he handled her.

Kate knew the fear she felt was fear of herself. The resentment she felt over how Matt had taken her had long passed, and when she thought of that young, powerful, naked body handling her like a rag doll and fucking her hard, her juices flowed and her breathing quickened. She wanted him again.

She wanted to see Cory and Josh naked again, to feel their hard cocks in her hand and revel in bringing them to release. But she was suddenly afraid of what she might do with them, and how that might be a betrayal of something special she had shared with Jeremy.

Kate found Jeremy, Cory and Josh sitting around the kitchen counter sharing a frozen pizza and cans of beer. Matt was not there.

"Hi, Mrs. C. Jeremy said he didn't know where you went, but said it was OK if we came over," the polite and handsome Josh said.

"Josh, you know you guys have always been welcome here and haven't had to ask for permission to come over since you were. . . let's see. . . since you were still wearing swim suits in the pool," Kate smiled.

"That was a long time ago – except for when we brought girlfriends over," Cory said.

"So, how long have you guys been here?" Kate asked.

"About an hour. We had to wake up lazy butt here," Cory said, nodding toward Jeremy."He said he had a long night, but wouldn't tell us what he did."

"I didn't really want frozen pizza for breakfast, even at 2 in the afternoon," Jeremy said. "But they pulled one out when I said I had to get something to eat."

"You slept until 2?" Kate said.

"One, actually," Jeremy replied looking away. He looked up and looked his mother in the eye.

"I had a hard time falling asleep last night," he said.

Kate wanted to smile at him, but feared sending any signals that she had any idea why he would have been sleepless.

Kate went to the refrigerator and grabbed a can of beer for herself. She could feel dampness between her legs as she contemplated what might happen next.

"Where's Matt?" Kate asked, knowing it was something of an odd question. This group of friends wasn't always together.

"He had to help his dad with something today," Josh said.

"Hey, I'm gonna hit the shower, guys. I'll be right back with you," Jeremy said, taking one last piece of pizza with him.

"We might be in the pool," Cory said.

"So, how about it, Mrs. C? You want to go swimming with us," Cory continued after a brief pause.

He had a devilish little smile on his face that Kate found incredibly sexy. She wondered why he wasn't more popular with the girls, just because of that carefree attitude and those strong shoulders.

Kate met his gaze and gave an impish, I-know-what-you're-thinking smile back at him.

She felt a thrill go through her loins and knew she was positively leaking into her panties.. She knew what she wanted to do, but would have to summon the courage to do it.

Her eyes darted over to Josh, who looked a little uncomfortable, while Cory continued to grin at her.

"Well, I don't know," Kate said, trying to sound innocent. "I'll have to look for my suit. . . I think I might have it. . ."

She pulled on the top of her blouse and peered down, as if looking to remind herself of what she was wearing underneath.

"Oh, yes, I think this one will do nicely."

Kate began unbuttoning her blouse, continuing to look down rather than at the boys. She trusted she had their full attention. She slipped the garment off her shoulders and laid it gently on one of the counter stools in front of her. She was wearing one of her sexy bras, which lifted her nicely and let part of her areolas peek over the top of the beige lace.

"Mmm. . . I really don't want to get this one wet," she said, undoing the back snap. She looked up at her audience as she let the straps slide down her shoulders. They were both grinning ear-to-ear, with Josh clearly blushing.

Kate placed the bra with her top, then unsnapped her shorts. They were tight and she had to wriggle them down past her hips. As she slid them down, she saw an obvious dark wet spot on her beige panties, and she noticed her own aroma immediately.

It embarrassed her, but she wanted the boys to see that she was aroused. It aroused her more. So when she stepped out of the shorts, she snagged them with her toe and lifted them up to reach them. It caused her to momentarily spread her legs apart and make more apparent the sign of her arousal.

She put her shorts with the rest, then, with a quick movement pulled her wet panties all the way down to her ankles, bending over and letting her breasts swing freely below her.

"Yes, this is my favorite swim suit," she said. "It also doubles as my birthday suit – but you guys have seen it before. I hope you brought your suits. I'm going to get some towels," she said.

The boys were speechless as the completely nude Kate walked around the counter and right past them toward the hall. She stopped at a hall closet and gathered four full-sized towels and some sunscreen, then stopped outside the bathroom door, where Jeremy had not yet stepped into the shower.

"Jeremy, we'll be in the pool. I'm wearing the same suit you saw me in when you came home the other day. You can just come out and join us when you're done if you want."

Kate held the towels in front of her breasts, but could see the boys were focused directly on her bald pussy as she came back down the hall and turned toward the patio door behind the dining room that led to the deck and pool.

The security stick placed in the track to keep the door from sliding open was still in place. Kate bent low at the waist, just a few feet from Josh and Cory, giving them an obscene view of her ass and pussy, to remove it.

She slid open the door and walked out, winking at the boys as she closed the door.

She wanted them hard when they stripped off to join her.

Kate really didn't have a plan beyond that point. She knew she had teased them unmercifully and was anxious to see if they took the bait and would get naked in the pool with her. She really just wanted to have a naked party with them on the deck, relishing looking at their bodies and letting them look at her, then perhaps do a little fooling around later.

She didn't want to look back to see what they were doing, but figured they probably hadn't taken their eyes off of her. Rather that jump in the pool, Kate stopped at the big patio table, put the towels down and picked up the sunscreen.

She squirted a little on her right hand and started to rub down her arm, all the while avoiding looking back at the patio door. She finished and did her other arm the same way, then squirted a generous amount on her left hand. She distributed it evenly between both hands and got to work on her bare and pale breasts, white from a summer spent hidden under swim suit tops.

Kate rubbed down over her breasts several times, then back up again, lifting her "girls" and rubbing underneath the sag that she lamented had just appeared in the last 10 years. Still, she thought she had a nice pair, and she hoped the boys noticed as she rubbed up and down, making her nipples erect in the process.

Kate gate them each a pinch, then rubbed around the sides of her mounds. She wondered what was taking the boys so long. She hoped they would strip naked and run out behind her.

Kate worked lotion down her belly and around her sides, and did not neglect her bald pussy. She lingered there, rubbing up and down her slit until she heard the patio door open.

Jeremy walked out, with a towel from his shower wrapped around him.

Kate smiled a little, then calmly sat down in a poolside reclining chair, trying to act as if nothing unusual were going on. She wondered if she had overplayed her hand. After an intimate night with Jeremy to suddenly come on to his friends so boldly was probably more than a little over-the-top, she thought. But she was so damned horny!

"Mom, what are you doing?" Jeremy protested.

Kate almost gave him and innocent "What???"

But she felt she owed him honesty, and if the night before meant anything at all, she had to be honest.

"I...I'm sorry, Jeremy," she said. "I wasn't really trying to start anything with your friends. I was just trying to entice them to come out and swim nude. I woke up so incredibly horny after last night and I just felt like sitting back and watching them run around with their dicks flopping around. I wasn't going to do anything but watch. . . and it kind of turned me on all the more to let them watch me."

"Oh, come on, Mom," Jeremy said. "You know you can't act this way in front of some guys without them thinking it's going to lead to something. And you've been around long enough to know that stuff like this gets out of hand in a hurry."

Kate blushed. She knew she had instigated all of this, right from the start. Now she was pushing the envelope further.

She looked away and searched for words.

"So I come out of the bathroom and find Corey and Josh stripped down to their shorts and watching you rub oil all over yourself. Of course, they're too embarrassed to come out with their hard-ons pointing out. Plus, they have to be wondering with you coming on to them how I feel about this."

Kate stopped thinking about the dampness between her legs as her eyes welled up with tears.

She grabbed a towel to cover herself.

"I'm sorry, Jeremy," she said. "You're right. I'm letting things get too out of control, with them, and you.

"Maybe I should just go back inside," she said, starting to stand up.

"No, Mom, they'll think that I'm mad, at you or at them. I just don't want you fooling around with my friends in front of me. I mean, it really complicates things with my friends."

"What do you want me to do?" Kate asked, in a tone that begged for a way out of the predicament.

"Just – just sit down and relax and stop being a tease," Jeremy pleaded.

"Ok – I tell you what, just go inside and get me my book from next the recliner in the living room and bring it out to me. Tell Josh and Corey that I'm just going to get some sun and I'm not going to bother them if they come out to swim. It will be like old times."

As Jeremy walked back to the patio doors, she thought it would be like old times, except that she would be sitting there nude. She had changed things forever, and she couldn't put things back the way they were, even if she wanted to.

Rightfully chastised, Kate sat quietly and read her book in the nude. She didn't know what Jeremy told his friends, but they came out, swam nude, and out of the corner of her eye she would watch their magnificent cocks bouncing around as they ran in and out of the pool.

She saw the boys stealing glances at her – even Jeremy, nude like his friends. Their cocks would grow a bit, then settle down as they swam and took their minds off of her.


Feigning modesty, and heat from the sun, Kate covered her sex with a towel, before they could notice that she was visibly leaking.

After a while, Kate quietly got up and walked inside. She could not resist leaving her towel behind and wondering as she walked away how many eyes were on her 38-year-old ass.

Kate went upstairs to lay down, first stopping at her daughter's vacant bedroom overlooking the deck below. The boys had settled down and were sitting around having a beer, no longer swimming, but still nude. She couldn't see their softening tools very well from that vantage point, so she went to her own room to lie down and snooze.

It was late afternoon when she awoke. She went downstairs, still nude, and found Jeremy and his friends gone. She searched the refrigerator for something to eat and, feeling lazy, settled on a cold piece of leftover pizza and a beer. The house seemed so empty to her and she suddenly felt terribly alone. She recalled how she woke up so incredibly horny, how she behaved in front of Jeremy's friends, and how it all ended with her just taking a long nap.

She started missing Jack again and thought of how nice it would be to have a man around again to seduce – or to have take control of her, as Jack often did. All that had happened lately had awakened that sexual side of hers that had lain dormant for so many years.

Kate got dressed, settled down, made some popcorn, and watched TV, having a few drinks while waiting for Jeremy to come home.

Jeremy sat on the deck overlooking the lake at a cabin owned by Beth Conrad's parents. Josh and Corey were by the bonfire at the lakeshore, near the tap. He had come with them, following in his own car, though he really felt like being alone.

Things had been moving too fast for him, he thought. What happened with his mother had made him feel closer to her, but how she behaved around his friends, enticing them, bothered him deeply, and made him wonder if what was between him and his mother was special or just as lurid as what she wanted to do with his friends.

How could it not be lurid? It was his own mother. But he wasn't supposed to torture himself over that, they had agreed.

"So, Jeremy, why so deep in thought?" he was suddenly interrupted.

It was Beth, who flashed her big smile at him. She was about 5'5" with a terrific build. Her white blouse was tied at her waist, revealing a flat stomach and cute little belly button. She had it unbuttoned enough on top to show an ample amount of cleavage. Her face and hair were as gorgeous as her body, making her one of the most sought-after young women in the small community.

"Oh, Beth," Jeremy snapped out of it, somewhat taken aback that she talked to him. "Sorry, I've just had a lot on my mind."

"Like what?"

"Oh, family stuff. You don't want to know."

"Ok, but I'll tell you what I really want to know," Beth said. "Is it true?"

"Is what true?"

"The rumors about you."

"What rumors?" Jeremy asked, horrified.

"You know," Beth teased. "About. . . you know. . ."

"What???"

"Don't get weird. It's nothing bad. In fact, I heard it's really, really good," she continued, smiling broadly.

"Well, I haven't heard. What are you talking about?"

"Well, I heard that . . . well, you just like to say that you're 'gifted.'" Beth said.

Suddenly realizing what she was referring to, Jeremy felt relieved that she wasn't talking about rumors about him and his mom. But he didn't know how to respond to what Beth was saying.

"Well, I. . .I. . .I, um. . ."

Beth started to giggle. "Jeremy! I embarrassed you! Don't stammer. All you have to do is tell me – how 'gifted' are you?"

Beth held up her hands and put "quote" marks around the word "gifted," then moved her hands further apart and did it again.

Jeremy wondered which of his friends had been talking about him. He didn't appreciate it. But he did appreciate the attention from Beth.

"Well, you did catch me off guard with this," Jeremy said. "But I'm not one to brag. Notice that other people are talking about me. I'm not going around saying anything."

"So it is true?" Beth asked.

"What do you expect me to do, stand up and show you?"

"That'd be nice!" she exclaimed with a huge, hopeful smile.

"What would be nice?" asked Stephanie, a friend of Beth, who walked up obviously a little inebriated.

"Uhh.. . . If Jeremy would go get me another beer," Beth said, handing him her empty plastic cup. "It looks like he needs one too!"

Jeremy smiled, took the cup and headed for the tap, leaving Beth and Stephanie on the deck.

Jeremy got back to the deck with Beth's beer, and one for himself, but she was nowhere to be found. He walked around the inside of the house a bit and still didn't find her. Going back to the deck, he settled back into a chair and waited for Beth to return. Could it really be that she was hitting on him? But then where was she?

Jeremy's cell phone rang with a text message. He pulled it out and didn't recognize the calling number.

It was a photo – a close shot of a beautiful pussy, the lips clearly visible through sparse light blond hair. The message read, "I showed you mine. . . Upstairs. 2nd room on right. Locked, but knock 3X."

Jeremy rapped lightly three times and momentarily the door opened just a crack. One of Beth's blue eyes peered out with enough of her bright red lips with freshened lipstick to reveal a slight, sexy smile. She opened the door enough for him to slip in and she quickly clicked it shut again.

Beth locked her fingers behind Jeremy's neck and pulled him close into a passionate kiss. Their tongues intertwined, but he loved to nibble on her lower lip, then her upper in turn, feeling with his own lips their fullness, their firmness – their youth.

His right hand reached up and cupped her breast, and she did not move away, but instead pulled him closer. He knew what she was up to. His body had already responded to her kiss, and the thought of what might come to pass.

Being shorter, Beth had to raise herself up on her bare tiptoes to try to press her pubic bone against him, but couldn't quite manage. But putting a hand on his backside, she pulled him tight and felt with her belly the enormous bulge in his pants, pointing straight up toward his beltline.

Jeremy unbuttoned the three buttons on her blouse and she let it fall off her shoulders. He fumbled like the amateur he was looking for the clasp on her bra before she reached back and unhooked it for him.

"Oh my God!" he gasped, taking her two huge mounds in his hands. The one girlfriend he had had small breasts. Beth's were big, larger than his mom's, but he was most amazed at how they stood so erect, with no sag. He ran his hands over the smooth, white skin and felt her nipples rise as his palms crossed over the large areolas.

Jeremy kissed her again. "My God, you're beautiful!" he said.

She smiled at him, then kissed him back, while her hands started to fumble with his belt buckle. He gave no resistance as she opened his pants and plunged a hand in to take out his enormous member.

Jeremy helped her by sliding his pants down past his hips and stepping back enough that his full manhood could point straight back at her and she could take in all its length. It was her turn to marvel.

"Oh my God! Is it ever true!" she said.

She took it in both her hands and rubbed its full length, then ran her soft fingertips over it, tracing the line of a bulging vein with an index finger. She outlined the edge of the head with the same fingertip, holding him steady with the grip of her other hand.

"Oh my!" she said again. "You are absolutely beautiful."

Jeremy kissed her hair.

"No, you are absolutely beautiful," he answered. "Probably the best looking girl I know."

"Do you really think so?" she asked, looking up at him.

"You're the best looking girl most guys around here know," Jeremy assured her. He hugged her close while she still held his cock in both hands. Their lips met and their tongues intertwined until she broke the kiss.

"I think it's time for me to kneel," she said, beginning to go down.

"No, Beth, you don't have to."

"But I really want to," she smiled at him as she settled on her knees.

"Mmmmmm," Beth moaned as if getting a dish of her favorite ice cream. She cupped his balls with one hand and started to jerk on his cock back and forth with the other, her fist gripping him tightly.

She planted a kiss on the tip of his cock then looked down as if to see if she had left a mark. She cast her eyes up toward Jeremy, smiled, and with her eyes still locked on his, closed those full red lips around his swelling cock head and began to bathe it with her tongue.

"Oh God!!!" Jeremy exclaimed. She felt Beth take in more and more of it until he felt her tongue licking him about a third of the way down. She backed off and pressed hard with the tip of her tongue on the underside of his cock head, just below tip.

"Ohhhhhh!!!!!"

"Are you sensitive there?" Beth asked, taking him out of her mouth and looking up at him again.

"It just feels so good! So intense!"

"I love making you feel intense!" she replied, taking him back in her mouth and resuming.

Jeremy could scarcely believe the lips of this beautiful girl were closed around his cock. He never thought he stood a chance with someone as beautiful as her. No, girls like Beth were for guys like Matt and Josh. He always stayed in the back, hardly noticed by the popular girls.

Beth started to jerk him swiftly with her right hand while her left squeezed his balls tight and her mouth furiously worked the limited part of his full length that she could fit in without gagging.

"Beth, no, you're going to make me. . ."

"Beth! Beth!" a female voice started to shout from the hall. They heard knocking and doors opening until there was a knock on the room they were in. The intruder found the door locked.

Jeremy struggled to get his pants up and his throbbing member hidden while Beth went looking for her top.

"Beth, are you in there?!! Come on! Your parents just pulled into the driveway!"

"Oh my God!" Beth hollered. "Tell everyone to get out. I'm coming!

Turning to Jeremy she said, hurriedly, "Hurry up, you've got to get downstairs before they come in!"

Jeremy was buckling his belt already while Beth, her breasts still visible through an unbuttoned top, unlocked the door to let him out.

"What about your friend out there?" he asked.

"No time, just run!" Beth said.

Jeremy spilled into the hall, with Stephanie out in the hall to see him emerge. She smiled as Jeremy ran by, falling in behind him. Jeremy wondered if Stephanie had noticed the bulge in his jeans going halfway down his leg. He reached the bottom of the stairs just as he saw two middle-aged people come through the door from the garage. He was certain that they did not see that he had come from upstairs.

Jeremy bolted out the back patio door and circled the house among a scrambling bunch of young people, few of them over 21 and a handful not yet 18.

There would be trouble over this, he was sure. He just hoped his interrupted encounter with Beth did not cause her trouble with her parents. But Stephanie, he was sure, would start the rumor mill churning some more.

Kate finished watching her movie and went upstairs to her bedroom. She undressed and reached for her robe, but paused.

Shutting the door to her room, she looked at herself in the full-length mirror. She was still attractive, "hot" as the boys said. She lifted up each of her full breasts and recalled when they were so firm they stood up on their own. Jack marveled at them the first time he saw them, playing with them with wonder in his eyes. She remembered how he looked in her eyes and she looked in his.

And she remembered how she soon felt his member in her hands, and how it was her turn to marvel.

She reached down and dipped her fingers between her legs. She was still unbelievably horny, ever since that day in the family room.

She went to the bed, lay down and spread her legs wide. It took only a few minutes to bring herself off, but it didn't satisfy the itch she felt. She dozed off a bit.

Jeremy pulled into his mom's driveway with a serious case of blue balls. When they were interrupted, he was about to come in Beth's mouth, and was trying to warn her of it. Then all hell broke loose. His cock had calmed down on the drive home, but not his balls, which seriously needed emptying.

He found his mom up, wearing a bathrobe and snacking on some grapes at the counter. He needed relief, and seeing her at the counter hardly dressed made his cock stir, but he was disappointed to see her, in a way, because he didn't want to hook up with his mom again right away. He wasn't sure whether he ever should go there again.

"Hi," she said. "So what time did you guys pull out of here?" she asked.

"I don't even remember, mom. What's the difference?"

"Nothing, just curious. Been to a party or something?

"Yeah, at Beth Conrad's. I'm sure you'll hear about it. Her parents came home unexpectedly and everyone ran. Not everyone is as cool as you are about underage drinking."

"Well, I'm only cool about 19-and-20-year-olds and drinking, because the legal age was 18 back when I was that age," she said. "Were there high school kids there?"

"Probably a few," he said, grabbing a couple of grapes for himself.

There was a slight pause, and Jeremy circled around the counter as if to head upstairs or to the bathroom, then Kate began, "Listen, Jeremy, I'm sorry about how I behaved before with your friends. I needed to be reined in. It's what I was telling you last night. Jeremy, I hardly ever thought of sex for the longest time. When I did, I would put it out of my mind or take care of myself. Then that thing happened with your friends, and . . ."

Kate paused, nervous about bringing up the subject again. Jeremy turned to face her, and she spun around in the tall counter stool. She forced herself to just be honest.

"And I saw how much you reminded me of your father. Since then, it's been like a floodgate opening and I can't stop thinking about sex.

"I think you were probably right. If you hadn't said something, I would have kept teasing your friends until we really got into it and I was jerking them off again – or more. You were 100% right to put a stop to it."

"Well. I think the guys appreciated you just lying around without your clothes, since you were used to seeing them that way, but I think they left a little frustrated."

"Well, I went up and took a nap a little frustrated," Kate said with a smile. She turned in her chair again and went back to snacking.

Jeremy came up behind Kate and put his right hand on her shoulder, his left settling on her hip.

"Well, I wore a towel outside to hide what you were doing to me," Jeremy explained. "I could hardly walk around showing that my Mom was turning me on."

Kate took her left hand and took Jeremy's hand on her shoulder, intertwining their fingers.

"You're sweet," she said.

Jeremy moved his hands up and started to pull Kate's robe off her shoulders. She let it drop from her back and leaned each way to get her arms out of the wide sleeves. Jeremy reached over her shoulders from behind and cupped both her breasts and lifted them. He couldn't help but think about Beth's perfect pair and wondered if his mom's were that way when she was younger. Still, they were very nice breasts and tweaking the nipples and feeling them respond between his thumb and forefinger made him respond as well.

His ache had not gone away. He needed release.

Kate leaned her head against his firm, young chest, closed her eyes and smiled.

She felt his manhood, a living replica of her late husband's, rise and nudge her in the small of her back and he continued to caress her breasts.

Kate reached her right hand back and searched for his cock. She felt it swell and become fully erect. Her breathing quickened as she massaged him through his jeans.

He put both hands to work massaging her breasts, began to kiss her neck and ears, just the way Jack used to do it, she thought.

Jeremy turned her around on the swiveling stool, grasped her waist and pulled her forward toward the edge of the stool and opened the bottom part of her robe to reveal her full nudity underneath.

Kate knew what he wanted, and did not object. And she thought of how much like Jack he was. So like Jack, taking control, and forcing her to a decision from which she knew there was no turning back.

She allowed him to part her knees, and simply watched as he unbuckled his pants and let them drop. It's what she would have done with Jack. He didn't like her to try to undress him. He undressed himself when he wanted her, and when he did so in front of her like that, it was her signal to submit.

Jeremy pulled down his underwear and his erect cock sprung out, precum already dripping from it.

The fingers of his right hand probed her, and the fingers of her right hand felt the tremendous length of what was about to be buried inside her.

Voluntarily, Kate lifted her knees up and held them with her hands far apart, offering her sex to him.

Jeremy rubbed the tip of his cock up and down along the length of Kate's pussy. He looked up and their eyes met as he slowly entered her.

"Oh!" Kate gasped quietly as she felt his huge member moving ever deeper inside her.

Jeremy did it on purpose, making an incredibly slow entry so he could feel her wetness and warmth enveloping him as he moved forward.

It took him a few seconds to get all the way in, but to both he and his mother it felt like minutes. Kate's eyes became wider and her jaw dropped as she felt him plunge ever deeper, sliding so slowly past her outer and inner lips. She remembered the first time Jack entered her and how surprised she was she was able to take all of him in.

She gazed into her lover's eyes, which also had the look of a long-ago memory, as he began to move in and out of her, still slowly yet very deliberately, taking so, so long to pull nearly out before easing back in.

The pace heightened the sensations. Kate could feel her lips swell with arousal, and felt Jeremy's tool swelling even larger and harder inside her. Jeremy felt the desire build inside of him and his balls rising and tightening. He knew he would not last long. He picked up the tempo.

"Uh. . .uh. ... uh. . . ." Kate panted as Jeremy started to pound into her with greater force. She, too, sensed he wouldn't last long.

She reached her hand down to massage her clit as he made love to her.

"May I?" she asked permission as she began.

When she asked, a sudden feeling of thrill and fear went through her. She knew immediately why she had asked. Jack never liked her to pleasure herself while he made love to her. To bring her off was his job, he always thought.

She had forgotten that detail about her lovemaking with Jack until the old memory made her ask permission before doing it with Jeremy.

Jeremy did not respond, put plunged even harder and faster, while Kate rubbed herself furiously.

Jeremy could not hold the gaze into Kate's eyes long. He looked down and watched himself moving in and out of her and thought about what might have happened had he and Beth not been interrupted, and wondered if there was still a chance to finish what they started.

Running through Kate's mind were images of Jack mounting her, of herself mounting Jeremy's cock the night before, of Josh and Corey's cocks swinging as they ran around the deck in and out of the pool that afternoon, of Matt taking her so forcefully.

"Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhh!" Kate screamed as she gushed in orgasm.

Jeremy pushed all the way in and froze as he felt the inevitable build-up of his ejaculation; Kate pulled him closer.


"I want all of you!" she said.

"Uhhh!" Jeremy gasped as he shot his load into her.

Kate held him close, pushing her pelvis into him, letting him fill her with his hot cum.

Jeremy leaned forward and braced himself on the counter behind her.

'"Oh, God! That was intense!" he said.

"For me too!" Kate whispered in his ear.

Jeremy withdrew and turned to grab a kitchen towel and hand it to his mother. She took it and started to wipe her son's penis.

He recoiled a bit.

"Oh! Careful! It's a little sensitive now," he said. "I meant the towel for you."

Kate said nothing but continued to gently clean off Jeremy's massive member. She didn't want to get so graphic as to tell him that she always loved the feeling of a man's cum inside of her, and the feeling right after sex of his hot seed leaking out of her.

She stood up and embraced Jeremy, knowing full well that her still-flowing juices would wash out his thick semen.

Kate pressed her breasts into him as she pulled him tight to her. She felt herself dripping, the sexy fluids running down her inner thighs.

"Oh, thank you, Jeremy," she said. "After last night, I didn't know what to think. It made me so horny today, but I still felt guilty, and at the same time I was afraid it was just a one-time thing, when I so much wanted to feel you again."

"I needed some relief, too," Jeremy said after a pause.

Kate pulled back a bit and looked at Jeremy.

"I don't know where this will end, but I just know I don't want it to end yet," she said.

He kissed her tenderly.

"I love you, Mom," he said.

"I love you too."

Jeremy pulled up his pants and excused himself. He really did love her, but felt horrible about having used her. He knew what he did was to relieve himself of the sexual pressure his encounter with Beth brought on. But at the same time, he wasn't entirely sure of who was using whom.

Something else reminded Kate of Jack – a trace of red lipstick and the precum on Jeremy's cock as soon as he pulled his pants down, how quickly he erupted in her, and the sheer volume of his fluid, as if he had been building up the load instead of just having a seemingly quick encounter.

She wondered what Jeremy had been up to before he came home – just as she wondered about Jack so many years before.

Going back to his room, happy to have had release without using his own hand, Jeremy's thoughts went back to Beth. He pulled out his cell phone and texted her:

"I'm sure you're going to be in big trouble over this. I'm sorry. Let me know if there's anything I can do. I loved the photo you sent, but deleted it so no one ever gets a hold of it. You really should be careful with that kind of thing. Some guys would send it around and post it on the web and stuff. I won't. It's gone."

Jeremy wanted to preserve the memory, thinking he probably would never get that kind of chance with her again, but saving it didn't seem worth the risk. She was in enough trouble without a photo of her pussy getting around if anyone got a hold of his phone.

The boys were already nude and jumping in and out of the pool before Kate's friends arrived. They already had a few beers, and a shot of tequila each, by design. It was Sarah's idea.

It was also her idea that Kate bounce the idea of the party inviting the "girls" off of all of Jeremy's friends instead of asking Jeremy to approach them.

When they were all over, Kate behaved herself, remaining fully dressed, served them some burgers and a couple of beers, and asked them if they would like to have a party. She would provide all of the beer and drinks and all the pizza they could eat. They just had to have a good time on her deck and in her pool as they always did.

Only, this time, she would invite a few friends over – three to be exact. She named them. The boys remembered Jeremy's description of his mom's hot friends.

"Will they be swimming with us?" Matt asked.

"Well. . . they'll bring the same kinds of suits you guys always wear. Whether or not they'll jump in the pool wearing them I can't say for sure," Kate said with a wink. "But I have no doubt that watching you guys will give them more than a few ideas."

Matt, Josh and Corey immediately agreed. Jeremy looked at his mom and said, "Well, OK."

And so Sarah led the way through the patio door that Kate opened for them.

The pool was above ground, but large and deep as such pools go and installed to have the top level with the deck, possible because of the slope of the yard.

"Oh, my! Well, you weren't kidding," Joni said as the three took in the sight of Matt, Josh and Corey in the pool, throwing around a volleyball. They were obviously not wearing swimming trunks.

"This is so cool," Pam said.

"Well, it's about time you invited us over for this," Sarah said. "You obviously need help taking full advantage of the situation."

The women came out carrying cocktails they made inside, and settled down into chairs around the patio table, all sitting with a good view of the water. A tray of hors d'oeuvres sat in the middle of the table.

Kate sat with a slight smile on her face, knowing how much her friends were enjoying this. The other three women were beaming with huge grins.

"I just can't believe this," Joni said. "So this is what you've been doing all summer. Sitting on your neck enjoying the view."

"I do not!" Kate protested. "I just go about my business. Do you really think every time they come over and swim that I sit out here and drool over them?"

"That's what I would do," said Pam.

"You'd be staring out at them with your hand in your pants the whole time," Joni retorted.

"Oh yeah, right," Pam shot back. "Tell me this isn't making you wet!"

"It is not making me wet!" Joni protested with a slight blush.

Aware that they had company, the boys glanced over now and then, checking out their audience and wondering what might transpire later.

It was no surprise to Kate that Matt was the first one to be bold. He climbed out of the pool bare naked and stood in front of the women, water dripping from him, his cock not hard, but engorged enough to be impressive. Kate glanced at her friends, whose eyes were clearly locked on Matt's manhood, watching a bead of water drop off the tip.

"Hey, Mrs. C., get Jeremy out here. We want to get a game of water polo going and we need a fourth," he said, then after a pause looked at Kate's friends and added. "Unless one of you wants to come in the pool and play with us."

That got them laughing at first.

"Maybe later," Sarah said.

"No, we'd like to see Jeremy play. It'd be a better game that way," Pam said.

"Yeah, Kate, go get Jeremy," Joni added.

Kate knew Matt was simply showing off. He had no need to get out of the pool to say that. She started to get up when Jeremy, possibly having overheard, came out the patio door, wearing a bulky pair of swim trunks.

"What's with the suit?" Matt asked.

As soon as Jeremy got past the women he peeled it off and plunged in the pool, revealing only his youthful butt in the process.

"He's a little bashful, I guess," Matt said. "No one can figure out why. I damned sure wouldn't be if I was him."

Matt jumped back in, and Joni promptly corrected herself. "Ok, now I'm getting wet!"

The boys started to play, their cocks buoyant under the water. The women started to chat, watching the boys as they did so. After a bit, the boys came out, with the bold Matt leading the way, followed by Corey, Josh and Jeremy.

That stopped the women's chat cold as all eyes turned toward the dripping wet, naked young men on display before them. Kate heard a couple of barely-audible gasps as Jeremy emerged from the water. Then three sets of eyes stole glances over toward her, though her friends were discreet enough to make no comment. Jeremy was blushing just a bit.

"Beer break!" Josh declared, heading directly for the cooler, which Kate had strategically located next to where the women would be seated.

"So who won?" Pam asked, making conversation.

"Matt and Jeremy are ahead. Matt's team always wins," Josh replied.

"But we think they were cheating. I think I saw one of those big polo mallets Jeremy snuck into the pool," Corey joked.

"Actually, I thought he was riding a horse," Josh added. "I thought I saw part of one anyway."

Everyone laughed, even Jeremy, the moment seeming to loosen him up.

"You guys are just jealous! Way jealous!" Sarah declared. "Jeremy, don't let them give you a hard time. They just wish they were like you!"

"She's right, Jeremy," Matt said. "It's kind of like kicking ass out on the field and some guy from the other team starts giving you shit. You just point at the scoreboard. You're a fuckin' walking scoreboard. Just point down at it."

"Actually, I do let them give me a hard time, but I don't have to say anything," Jeremy responded. "Just keeping quiet is the same as pointing to the scoreboard."

"Actually, all of you boys – or shall I say 'young men' are – are absolutely beautiful," Sarah said. "Thanks for letting us come over and sharing yourselves with us.

"Am I right, girls," Sarah continued, turning toward her friends. "Aren't they all just beautiful?"

She started a round of applause for the boys, and Corey started a clowning-around bowing that the others joined in on. Matt motioned with an open palm toward Jeremy's crotch the way a conductor elicits applause for a soloist. The women roared in laughter and increased their applause, and Jeremy bowed all the deeper, laughing too.

Kate was relieved for the lighthearted moment that broke the ice about what was at that point a bit of a CFNM party.

The boys were guzzling their beers and helping themselves to the food on the table. Kate kept her eyes on Jeremy, who seemed to relax and become more comfortable with the situation. He knew the women were eyeing him appreciatively and had lost his embarrassment about it.

Jeremy pulled up a chair next to Sarah, which blocked the view of his cock from anyone but her. Kate recalled the comment he made about her "hot" redheaded friend back in the downstairs family room when she was listening around the corner.

Sarah smiled at Jeremy and from the movement of her right shoulder, it looked to Kate as if she had just patted him on the knee.

Corey and Josh sat down by the beer; Matt went in to the bathroom. Conversation went on between people like at a regular party, as if everyone was oblivious to the fact that the boys were completely naked.

Sarah was asking Jeremy about college, if he had a girlfriend there, making general small talk, and more than occasionally glancing down at Jeremy's lap. Most every woman Kate knew would have tried to steal glances, afraid of getting caught, but that wasn't Sarah. She didn't care if Jeremy noticed, almost as if she wanted him to.

Jeremy did notice, and at one point, out of the view of his mother, responded by spreading his legs a little wider. He felt his cock stir a bit under her gaze. Sarah smiled at him again.

He really did think Sarah was the most beautiful redhead he'd ever seen. Everything she did seemed sensuous to him.

Matt came back and stood talking with the other guys while they each started on a second beer. Soon, he announced, "Well, I'm getting hot again. Time to get back in the pool. Don't any of you ladies want to get wet?"

"I think the better question is, which of them are already wet," Kate quipped.

"Speaking for yourself?" Pam said.

"Come on, you mean none of you are brave enough to go swimming with four naked guys? We went first," Matt said.

"Well, I wouldn't mind a little dip," Sarah said. "Kate, would you mind if I used the pool, too?"

"Uhhh. . . Go right ahead," Kate replied.

Sarah stood up. "Excuse me, Jeremy," she said, sliding out of her chair toward him.

Jeremy slid back, then just stood up out of the way.

Sarah was wearing a yellow floral mid-length sleeveless summer dress that buttoned down the front. It was cut tight across the chest, squeezing her ample breasts together and emphasizing them.

She started to unbutton the tiny buttons from the top down, and conversation stopped as all eyes turned toward her. Kate knew Sarah well and had no doubt she was in the process of stripping naked and her next moves would liven up the party in probably some dangerous ways.

When Sarah unbuttoned to her midsection, she was able to slip her arms out and let the garment drop, stepping out of it with feet left bare when she first sat down and slipped off her sandals. A light pink lacy bra designed to give good lift to her large breasts and a matching thong were all she wore underneath.

She slipped the bra off her shoulders with some difficulty, spun it around and unclasped it from the front. She immediately bent over, letting her breasts dangle down in front of her as she picked up the dress and laid it gently across the back of her chair, placing the bra on top of it.

Her breasts sagged down a bit once free from the bra. Sarah's breasts were the kind that a man could lift and feel their weight, and squeeze together with his cock in between. Yet her nipples pointed straight forward, not down as they do for women whose breasts sag more.

Her areolas were the size of silver dollars and a pale pink, topped by bright pink nipples that stood out and erect.

Like many redheads, her skin was a pale white. Her hips were no doubt broader than she would like them. Sarah clearly carried a few extra pounds, but she carried them well. The word "voluptuous" seemed made for her.

Kate tried to view the whole scene from an objective viewpoint. The boys were mesmerized by Sarah's strip, and their cocks rose quickly – men of that age had as difficult a time keeping them down as older men do getting them up. Meanwhile, the women, more embarrassed by their friend disrobing than they were over the nude boys, turned their eyes away from Sarah, and quickly noticed what was happening to the boys.

It became even more evident when Sarah lowered her thong, stepped out of it, and placed it with the rest of her clothes.

She displayed a completely bald pussy, as smooth as if she had never had hair there at all. In fact, there was no trace of hair on her body from the red curls around her shoulders to her feet.

"Have I embarrassed you boys?" she asked. "Come on, I have a birthday suit, too!" She motioned with her hands to emphasize her nudity. "You showed us yours. Why does it embarrass you if I show you mine?"

Of course, she knew it really didn't embarrass them, just excited them. Matt's seven cut inches stood out, and he didn't care who noticed. Corey's average-length uncut cock with impressive thickness came fully erect, with the head poking out through the foreskin. He tried to hide it with his hands without being too obvious about it, which is the same thing Josh did. His cut member was not as big as Matt's, but longer though less thick than Corey's.

But their cocks got little notice from Pam and Joni, who could not take their eyes off Jeremy.

His 12 inches stood out in all its glory. He didn't notice the women staring at his cock, even his mother, because he could not take his eyes of Sarah, who clearly captivated him. Sarah, ever the seductress, knew this, and strategically ignored him when he wanted most for her to look at what he had to offer.

"Well, I hope the water's cold, because you guys could use some cooling off," Sarah said, walking toward the water, making her hips swing and drawing attention to a beautiful, plump ass. She dove in and swam underwater to the opposite side. Four young men, their cocks at full mast, followed her.

Joni and Pam looked at Kate.

"Why did none of that surprise me?" Joni said. "That's Sarah."

"Get out of here, Joni. You weren't even looking at Sarah, no more than I was. You were staring at Jeremy the whole time, weren't you?" Pam said, then she looked at Kate. "Kate, he is something else!"

"I know. Takes after his father," Kate said with a wink.

Sarah swam to the other side of the pool and back, with the boys just watching her, as if they weren't sure what they were supposed to do with a naked woman in their pool with them.

When Sarah reached the side by the deck again, she called out, "Come on, now, girls. You're not going to let me have all these naked boys all to myself, are you?"

Kate and Pam said nothing. Joni gave a deep sigh, stood up and peeled off her t-shirt.

"I am probably going to regret this, but I know if I don't do it, I'll be laying in bed tonight masturbating and asking myself why in the world I didn't take advantage of this when I had the chance.

Joni pulled her tight sports bra over her head and let it fall on the deck floor with her shirt. Her breasts were on the small side and widely separated, with small, manly nipples. The light freckles on her pretty face extended down just above her breasts. She yanked down her shorts and panties with one move, stepped out of them and headed for the water. The tan lines showed that she ran a lot in sports bra and gym shorts. Her long, athletic legs were probably her most attractive feature, along with her flat, toned stomach. Joni didn't shave the hair between her legs, but it looked like she trimmed it shorter to keep it from getting too bushy and sticking out from a bathing suit bottom.

"All right!" Corey shouted as he watched another naked woman dive into the pool.

""Hey we're even again. We can get back to our game," Josh said. "We'll take Joni and you guys can have Sarah."

"Does that mean I can have Sarah?" Jeremy asked, feigning excitement in his voice.

"Oh, wouldn't you love to," Sarah said. "Maybe later."

"She will eat him alive, Kate," Pam said, hearing the banter from the pool.

"That's what I said," Kate answered, recalling those exact words going through her mind when she first heard Jeremy refer to Sarah as "hot."

"So are you brave enough to join them?" Pam asked.

"I would feel kind of weird being naked in the pool with Jeremy, his friends and my friends," Kate said, though she knew she was lying. She wanted to get in there in the worst way, but thought it would look bad. "I think Jeremy and I would be Ok with it if it were just the two of us, but in front of everyone – I don't want to embarrass him."

"I know what you mean," Pam said. "I'll keep you company here and we'll just enjoy the view."

While they were talking, Sarah was plotting.

"Ok, if we're going to play a game, we have to make it for something," she said quietly. "I say the winning team gets to throw Pam in the pool and take her clothes."

Everyone loved that idea.

The game wasn't much of a contest, because Sarah had other things on her mind. She managed to back into her teammates Jeremy and Matt fairly often, letting their cocks rest or poke between the cheeks of her full buttocks. Her buoyant breasts got in the way a lot too. Meanwhile, Joni was more than a match for the distracted Matt. She took command of her team, got them to be aggressive, and showed off her own athletic talents, not to mention her lovely breasts, which were above water a lot due to her long legs.

When they decided to give up the game, Corey and Josh climbed out of the water and Joni stayed behind.

"Beer break!" Corey called out as he and Josh headed for the cooler.

"So who's winning?" Pam asked.

"We won." Josh said. "Want to know what we won?"

"What?"

"You."

The beer was a diversion. They jumped her, with Corey grabbing her arms and Josh her legs.

Pam screamed as they picked her up.

"You guys no!!! Kate! Make them stop!!! Ahhhh!"

She went in with a sudden toss and Joni was there to greet her, keeping her off balance while Corey and Josh got back in the water and grabbed her by her hands and feet again, keeping her floating on her back. To Pam's screaming protests, Joni grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it over her head and off, with Corey temporarily using it to keep her hands tied together. 


Joni dove under the water to unhook the bra, then grabbed the waistband of her shorts and swam south with them. The boys finished pulling off the shirt and shorts – and thong with them.

Just for good measure, when they had her bottomless, Matt came over and grabbed one of Pam's ankles and, understanding what he had in mind right away, Josh pulled in one direction and Matt the other.

"Noooo!!!" Pam protested, realizing she was being spread open for all to see. She tried to thrash around, but found herself helpless.

"Come on, Pam, don't be shy," Joni teased her. "It's a naked pool party, and you were practically the only one left with clothes. See, the boys want to see."

Pam was spread wide, revealing a pussy that was so clean shaven it gave no clue as to how close her bright blonde hair was to her natural hair color. They spread her wide enough apart that the noticeable color was pink. Noticing, Joni teased her some more.

"Shall we see if we can make the boys hard?" Joni said, reaching down and spreading Pam's pussy apart

"Joniiii! I'll get you for this!"

Joni let her go but grabbed the bra, still partially on Pam, and pulled it free as the boys released her.

The naked Pam stood up in the pool, taking the classic pose, one hand between her legs and the other arm across her breasts.

"That was mean! And nasty!" she complained.

"Well, you know what they say, a party where everyone is naked is nasty only if it's done right," a giggling Kate said from the sidelines.

"I'm the mean one, Pam," Sarah confessed. "It was my idea that we play the game, with the winner getting your clothes."

The clothes were handed off to Jeremy, who ran them into the house.

Kate followed him.

Everyone piled out of the pool and headed for the beer cooler, and by then everyone was comfortable with the mixed-sex and mixed-generation nudity. Everyone except the pitiful Pam, of course. She stood in the pool trying to cover herself and looking up at the deck at three half-erect cocks, excited by the display she was forced to put on, and the overall sexually-charged situation.

Sarah was being naughty, reaching back and tickling Matt's balls when no one was looking. He jumped back, startled, but then reached around to do the same on her crotch. Instead of jumping back, she grabbed him hand and held it to her. He inserted a finger as she looked up at him with the slightest of smiles. She pulled his hand away after a couple of seconds and he promptly licked his finger as he looked down at her.

Joni witnessed the exchange, and blushed slightly.

"Come on, Pam," Sarah called out. "We're sorry. We're also all naked. After what Joni did you don't have any secrets left, so come on up and join the party."

""Hey, you're as hot as anyone here. Don't be shy," Josh encouraged.

Still holding her arm across her breast, Pam came out. "I need a drink," she said.

Josh handed her a beer.

"Really, we didn't mean to bum you out. It was all in good fun – under the circumstances, I guess. If we'd known you take it hard, we wouldn't have done it," he said.

"Speak for yourself, Josh," Joni retorted. "I owed her one, and got back at her. Now she has to get back at me. We've been doing this back-and-forth for years."

Pam released her breasts to take the beer. "And I WILL get back at you," Pam said. "You seem to forget, I do your taxes. I suggest you start investing in something you can barter. And YOU, Sarah. This was your idea? I'll get you, too."

"Well, why don't you just do the same to me?" Sarah said. She spread her legs apart and held up her arms, making sure her nudity was apparent. "Come, take my clothes away. I'm still waiting to meet the person who can embarrass me."

"Wow," Josh said at Sarah's bold display. "I can't believe this is happening."

"Well," said Sarah, going up to him and putting an arm around his waist. "What do I have to do to make a believer out of you?"

Corey grabbed his beer bottle and held it like a microphone and started to sing loudly, "Then I saw her tits! Now I'm a believer! Not a trace! Of doubt in my mind!"

"I'm in lust!" Matt joined in with the same line Corey sang, as if they had done this before. "Ohhhhhhh I'm a believer! I wanna fuck her! I'm gonna try!"

There were some chuckles all around, but hardly peals of laughter.

"That sounds kind if high school to me," Joni groaned.

"That's exactly where it came from," Matt said. "Did you make that up, Corey, or did someone else? We all knew it."

"I don't even remember," Corey said. "But I don't want to take the blame for it."

That got more people laughing.

Meanwhile, Sarah's hand wandered down to grab a feel of Josh's butt. He glanced up at her smiling face, and she gave him a sexy wink.

Inside the house Jeremy had thrown Pam's wet clothes in the drier, then went looking for his mom, first in the family room where it all began, then around the first floor and upstairs.

"Mom?? Mom??"

"Here, Jeremy," she replied, from Wendy's seldom-used room.

Still naked, he went in to join her.

"What are you doing in here?"

"Just watching. I got the feeling things were about to get out of hand. I seemed to have my choice between stripping down and getting in the pool with the rest of you and coming inside."

The window from Wendy's room overlooked the deck. Jeremy came up behind and looked over her shoulder at the scene below.

Three naked 30-something women were mingling with three naked young men barely 20. One could tell from looking that the atmosphere was sexually-charged, though no obvious sex was going on at the time. They were naked, singing, and drinking beer.

"So why did you choose coming inside? You hadn't been that bashful lately?" Jeremy asked.

"Well, you and I are obviously comfortable being naked with each other, but my friends don't know that, and I was afraid to get them started wondering by getting in the pool naked with you and all your friends.

"Didn't you think of that before you invited them over?" Jeremy asked.

Kate didn't answer, as then she was transfixed by the scene unfolding below her.

Sarah had subtly moved over toward Matt and took his erect cock in hand. She led him by it toward the corner of the edge of the deck. She didn't lead him all the way that way, but released his cock and put her arm around him and seemed to be saying something to him as she led him away.

"What's she up to?" Kate asked.

Jeremy said nothing, but wished it was his cock Sarah was leading away.

Matt stood on the edge of the deck, placed there by Sarah, who walked down the few steps on the side of the deck, then down the sloped lawn and around the corner of the deck until she stood on the grass in front of Matt, the outside edge of the above-ground pool to her right. Matt stood above her, his erect cock on the same level with her face. Kate, watching above, saw that that was the idea.

"Oh, my God, she's going to do it right in front of everyone!" Kate said.

Sarah took Matt's cock and looked up at him with her seductive green eyes, smiled, then took him in her mouth. She got his cock nice and wet and squeezed his balls uncomfortably tight until Matt winced and Sarah smiled up at him with a look in her eyes as if to suggest she had him just where she wanted him.

"She's got him in the palm of her hand," Kate said. "It's amazing how Sarah can do that to men!"

"I've noticed," Jeremy said.

Sarah, still holding Matt's cock, said something to the group watching them and motioned with a finger to invite others over. The boys came running immediately and stood next to Matt in a line, all cocks pointing straight forward.

Sarah put Matt's cock back in her mouth, then moved on to Corey, saying something to the women before taking him in her mouth. Joni and Pam moved down to join her.

"Oh, it's getting hot down there!" Kate said, standing up and reaching back to find Jeremy's huge cock. She backed up a bit and pulled him by his cock closer to her, pressing her butt against him before bending over again.

Down below, the scene was set. Pam was on the end, taking Matt into her mouth, followed by Sarah servicing Corey, and Joni, bending over slightly because of her height, taking Josh.

Upstairs, Kate pulled down her shorts and stepped out of them. She stood and pushed back so Jeremy's cock, pointing up, could rest between her ass cheeks while she pulled off her top and bra.

Down on the deck the women switched, each getting a new cock to suck. Upstairs, Jeremy entered Kate from behind.

Sarah directed the scene, winking at Corey as she gave him a playful gentle kiss on the tip of his cock.

"OK, girls, time to switch!"

She moved on to Josh.

"You are one lovely young man!" she said, licking around his head then closing her lips around him. Josh tried to thrust, his excitement level reaching the bursting point. Sarah gently placed her hand on his flat stomach to signal him to stop. Men always seemed to obey her.

Her tongue danced circles around Josh's member. "Oh God!" he exclaimed. He reached for the back of her head to pull her in, but she grabbed her hands and stopped that too. She would be in control of this sexual escapade.

Next to her, Pam was trying to deep throat Corey, letting him pull her head in to drive deeper into her mouth. Joni alternated between sucking Matt and folding him, admiring the look and feel of his manhood.

For the boys, college students who would love any kind of blow job, it was a feast of different styles of how a woman could adore their cocks. For the women, it was a feast of a different flavor.

Above it all, Jeremy's enormous cock repeatedly slammed into his mother, who pushed back at each of his thrusts, incredibly turned on by the feel of what felt to her like her late husband's cock and the view of her friends enjoying Jeremy's friends.

Jeremy was turned on to, more by the sight of what was going on below and his wish to be part of that rather than inside his mom once again. He was too charged up to do anything but continue his thrusts.

"Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh!" Kate could not tone down her excitement.

"Slow down!" Kate said suddenly. "I don't want you to finish too soon."

Jeremy stopped his pounding and slid in and out of Kate slowly, which actually did little to slow his approaching climax.

Outside, the timing of orgasms was on someone else's mind.

"My you are absolutely throbbing," Sarah said as the women switched again, putting her back at Matt.

She took his member in her hand and gazed up at him as she closed her lips just around the head. She licked circles around it and felt it pulse.

"I think I'd better give it a rest for a couple of minutes," Sarah said with a false lament in her voice. "I have something else in mind for your friend here and I want him to be awake for it. Wait right there a minute," she said with a wink.

Sarah walked back around and to the steps up to the deck, approaching Matt, who turned to face her, his cock bobbing up and down and as stiff as Sarah had ever seen one. She grabbed him by it and started to lead him toward the house.

"Oh, maybe I shouldn't touch it yet! It might go off!" Sarah said. She instead wrapped her arm around him, placing her hand firmly on his ass, squeezing it, and continuing to walk toward the house.

Matt put his arm around her shoulders and down toward her naked breasts. She took his hand gently and simply controlled it.

"She's going to take him inside and fuck his brains out!" Kate exclaimed.

Her declaration led Jeremy to start slamming into her fast once again. He felt a build-up of anger, and wanted this latest session with his mom to be over.

He felt angry because it seemed to him that he was being used by his mom for her own pleasure, and his friends were being used for her friends' pleasure, all set up by Kate. He felt angry because he always had a fascination with Sarah, but it was Matt – always Matt – who would get her in the end. How many times had he been at a party and saw Matt run off with the girl he was talking to?

Jeremy needed release, but he was tired of all of this, as sexually exciting as it was.

Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh!" Kate shouted again. "Jer-e-meeee, stop! They'll hear!"

"Then shut up," Jeremy responded.

He heard the patio door open downstairs, and at that moment, bent over his mom, grabbed her ample breasts and suppressed his own vocalizations as he erupted into her.

"Ahhh....." Kate started to scream before Jeremy covered her mouth. He bent over her, panting and sweating, and almost crying. He released her breasts and stood up, then withdrew and wiped his huge, sticky cock on her backside.

"Well, I'm sure Matt'll enjoy whatever she has in store for him," Jeremy said in a matter-of-fact fashion.

He went to the nearby bathroom to finish cleaning himself off, then to his room, where he sat on the bed and buried his head into his arms, folded across his bent knees. He heard his phone beep and went to check the message.

"Thanks for deleting the pic and offering to help. I feel awful about how I treated you. I'm really not like that. Can I see you sometime? Beth."

Jeremy sat back on the bed and responded immediately. "I'd love to see you. What are you doing now? I really have to get out of here. It's getting crazy."

"I am in big trouble at home, but they are gone now if your want to come over," came the quick reply.

"I'll be right there."

Jeremy quickly got dressed, grabbed his keys and headed out. Kate was in the bathroom washig his cum out of her pussy so she wasn't leaking in front of company.

Jeremy walked softly down the stairs and heard the moans of two different women coming from the living room. He figured Josh and Corey were getting laid right in front of each other in there. On a hunch, he eased his way down the stairs and listened to what might be happening in the family room.

He heard a woman panting, but not loudly. "I hear you like to get rough," Sarah said. "I hear you got rough with Kate, just fucked her and took off."

A wave of nausea overcame Jeremy. So Matt had done his mother, and did it to her rough. But why did that make him sick thinking about it, when he was doing his mother, too? Wasn't that sickening? Still, he felt betrayed by both of them.

"Well, I don't let men get rough with me," Sarah said. "But I like to get rough with them sometimes."

"Uuuumph!" Jeremy heard Matt grunt.

"Hold still! You're young, but you're old enough to know that when someone has you by the balls it's best not to fight back," Sarah said.

Jeremy wondered just what was going on. Figuring they were too engrossed in each other to notice, he decided to risk a peak. Luckily, Sarah's back was to him, her body blocking matt's view of the door. Matt was flat on the floor, with Sarah raising and lowering herself over his cock, with her right hand twisting behind her and squeezing Matt's balls tight.

Hasn't a woman ever done this too you? Oh, that's right, you've probably only been with young girls who don't know their way around a man's body – that and Kate, I guess," Sarah went on. "Don't you know men have very powerful orgasms when their balls are being squeezed? But maybe later."

Sarah released his balls but continued to ride him. She leaned forward, swinging those beautiful pale breasts in Matt's face. From his vantage point, Jeremy got a good look at Sarah's asshole and her pink pussy lips sliding up and down on Matt's rod.

Jeremy had seen enough. He started to ease his way quietly back up the stairs when his phone beeped. He rushed the rest of the way up and practically ran out the door. He took the nearest exit, the patio door out onto the deck, where women's clothes were strewn all around. He ran around the house and to his car.

The message was from his mom: "Where are you?" He didn't answer.

What Sarah said about Matt and his mom haunted Jeremy as he drove toward Beth's home. It had all come so far since his mom gave everyone hand jobs in the family room. He remembered the first time he made love with his mom – and at that time it felt like making love. He felt like he was sharing something with her, giving her the feel once again of what it was like to make love to his late father, since she was so awed by how his big cock looked just like his dad's. It seemed special, even though he knew it was wrong. Now it seemed as if they were just fucking, whenever he or his mom wanted a good fuck, they turned to each other.

And now it was naked parties on the deck and sex in the living room and family room between his friends and hers – sex that he didn't get to take part in. No, he got his mom like the teenage boy who had to sit at the kids' table at Thanksgiving.

He tried to put it out of his mind, because he was heading to see Beth, and he was thrilled she wanted to see him again. He thought it was a one-shot deal that night and he had the bad luck to get interrupted.

But his heart sank as he thought about it. She probably doesn't really want to see me. She wants to see my cock, he thought. Well, I guess that's something. She was the hottest chick around and if she wanted him, it was better than having to get his rocks off with his own mother.

Beth greeted Jeremy outside as soon as he got out of the car. She was stunning in the daylight, wearing a swimsuit top that showed a lot of cleavage, a pair of gym trunks that Jeremy guessed covered the swimsuit bottom, and a pair of flip-flop sandals. Her long blond hair was tied up on top of her head.

Beth put her arms around Jeremy and hugged him close, her lovely breasts pressing against his chest. She gave him a tender kiss on the lips.

"Thanks for coming over, and thanks for being so nice. When all hell broke loose at that party and I had to deal with angry parents I didn't even think about it until the next morning, and I worried so much that it was going to be going viral – at least around this town. I was so relieved when I checked my messages and found you'd deleted it."

"It seemed like the thing to do," Jeremy said. "I figured you were in enough trouble already without having to deal with someone finding that. So what happened? How much trouble did you get in with your parents?"

"Well, they sure were mad, and still are, but I'm 20 now, so they really couldn't ground me like they used to. They took my car keys, though, since the car is in their name and they paid for it. I had to do a lot of housecleaning. I can't believe they came back a day early."

Beth put her arm around Jeremy and led him into the house. He couldn't believe she was that affectionate with him. It wasn't as if they had ever been close. They just got interrupted in a sexual interlude.

"Let's go sit on the back deck," Beth said as they made their way through the house. "I can't offer you a beer. That's another side effect of getting busted. There's no alcohol in the house. I have some sodas in a cooler out there. I was getting some sun so my tan is still strong when I head back to school."

"So where do you go?" Jeremy asked.

"Well, I was at state, but I didn't really like it. I've transferred to Western for the new term."

"Really! That's where I go!" Jeremy said. "Where are you going to be staying?"

"I'm going to do my second year in the dorms. I'll be in Chancellor's Hall."

"That's where I am!" Hey, that's great!"

"Yeah! I'm so happy to hear you're going to be close! Will you take me under your wing and show me around?"

"I'd love to!" Jeremy said, then quickly added, "Beth, any guy in that college would love to be seen with you."

"You're sweet," Beth said, taking his hand. She suddenly turned somber, with a serious look on her face.

"Jeremy, I'm so sorry about how I acted at that party. I'm so embarrassed. I feel terrible about treating you that way."


"What?" Jeremy looked puzzled. "Beth, you don't have to apologize. I wondered what you meant by that in your text. What do you mean you feel bad about how you treated me?"

"Coming on so strong to you." Beth said. "Jeremy, I never knew you very well back in high school, but I always liked you. I always wondered why you weren't hitting on me like all your friends were. But then to bring up that rumor about. . . about your. . . penis. . ." she said blushing a bit. "That was pretty rude. I was really drunk, and horny, and felt like doing something wild."

"I didn't know there was a rumor going around about my 'gift' so I actually appreciated the tip," Jeremy said. "I was just surprised you were talking to me. I always thought you were out of my league."

"Jeremy!" Beth said, interrupting. "I'm not like that! You know, a lot of guys ask me out, so I end up turning a lot of guys down, and then they go around talking like I'm 'stuck up.' I would have loved it if you had shown an interest in me."

"Really? You wondered why I didn't hit on you like me friends did? Well, it's because if Matt was hitting on you I figured I didn't stand a chance."

"Matt is a jackass," Beth declared. "I don't think I've ever met anyone so full of himself. I'm surprised you're that close of friends with him."

"Well, he sort of took me under his wing back in elementary school after my dad died."

"But he's the type that would hit on me because he wants to get a look at my boobs. He doesn't care about me, or about any women, except for what they can give him in a little action," Beth continued.

She was still holding his hand, and brought it to her lips and kissed it.

"And that's why I wanted to apologize for how I acted," Beth explained. "I know what it's like when a guy hits on you because he wants sex, or is fascinated with a couple of body parts. It's really insulting, not flattering at all. And that's what I did to you. But I'm not like that, really. Will you forgive me?"

"Beth, I was never offended. Guys just don't get hung up on stuff like that. I guess if it leads to sex, we don't care what the reason was, for the most part. But if it makes you feel better, yes, I do forgive you. And. . ." Jeremy felt himself getting a little choked up.

"What's wrong?" Beth asked, sensing his emotions getting the better of him. "You can tell me."

Jeremy knew that wasn't true. He dare not tell anyone what was going on with his mom, and his friends and her friends. But he started to realize that despite his declaration to Beth that 'guys don't get hung up on stuff like that,' her words were ringing true to him. With all that had happened lately, he was in need of someone showing interest in him for a reason other than his generous endowment.

"I'm just so happy that you want to be with me, and it's not just because of what you saw the other night. I guess I kind of need that."

Beth bent over and kissed him. "I'd love to spend time with you," she whispered.

Jeremy put his hand on the side of her face and petted her gently. Then he bent over and kissed her. This time their kiss was more passionate.

"So would you like to go out tonight?" Jeremy asked. "We can go grab a bite to eat and maybe catch a movie.

"That'd be fun! I'd like that! Come on! I'll get ready."

She stood up and they headed back into the house holding hands. Jeremy stopped at the bottom of the stairs and was going to sit down on the couch to wait.

"Jeremy. You don't have to wait down here," Beth admonished gently. "After the other night, I don't have anything left to show you. Come on up and we'll talk some more while I get changed."

Upstairs, she did have him wait in her room while she went to the bathroom to let her hair down and put some makeup on. Jeremy paused to think about what a day it had been – from a naked pool party and more sex with his mother, to a date with the most beautiful girl in town, who, he now knows, likes him and has no time for the all-powerful Matt.

Maybe he didn't need or want to be under Matt's wing anymore. Or between his mom's legs. And Beth was going to college with him. Perhaps this is a signal that it's time to move on, he thought.

Beth came back in the room, and as if to complete his thought, said, "That's great that we're going to be in the same dorm! We can even make plans to move back to college together. Let's go early, a week before classes start, so we can hang out and you can show me around."

"Sounds great!" Jeremy said.

Beth crossed in front of Jeremy, who was sitting on her bed, and went straight to her closet. She pulled off her swimsuit top and in a couple of very quick motions dropped her gym shots and bikini bottoms, kicking both into the laundry pile inside the closet.

Jeremy was captivated by her casual nudity and marveled again at that beautiful body as she walked over to her dresser and started fumbling inside a drawer.

"I really liked college life – I mean the social scene and all that – but at State there would be like 300 students in a class in a huge room, being taught by some graduate assistant or something. It all seemed so impersonal after going to such a small high school. I decided to go to Western just to get a more personal setting. It's more my style."

She turned toward him and bent over to pull on a thong, her breasts hanging down. She smiled at him.

"You should see the look on your face!" Beth teased.

"I'm sorry," Jeremy said, looking away. "I was leering. But you are gorgeous."

"Thanks. And you don't have to look away," she said. "I didn't mind. I just thought that look on your face was cute."

She continued to get dressed, pulling out a bra and putting it on as she spoke, really not minding him watching her undress and dress. But she did notice the bulge in his pants.

"I guess I got your attention," she said. "I'm sorry. I just didn't mind you watching. I wasn't trying to come on to you again. I guess that can come later."

"Will you stop apologizing to me for things that don't offend me? But another thing about guys is our friend down there seems to have a mind of his own."

"Do you want me to help you with it before we go?" Beth said, pulling on a pair of tight blue denim shorts.

"How about later? I'm good." Jeremy said, knowing he had just blown a huge load into his mom and wanted to have plenty left for possibilities later.

Beth finished dressing and off they went to a restaurant then a movie theater. They talked like old friends. They held hands and snuggled close like a couple. Like boyfriend and girlfriend.

Later that evening, they drove around a bit. Beth's parents were due back and she wasn't allowed to bring friends over since the big bust. Jeremy wanted no part of taking her back to his mom's house, where he didn't know what kind of situation he'd find.

It seemed so high school, but they went 'parking,' making out in the car and feeling each other up a bit. They ended up at Chapman Park, by the lake, sitting on an isolated park bench with the full moon rising over the water. Beth marveled at the romantic scene.

Jeremy marveled at her breasts when she let him unbutton her top and slip it off, then take off her bra. He caressed her mounds gently, rubbing his fingertips along the smooth skin and contours, touching each of her nipples and watching them respond. He tasted each one in turn. Beth reached down and felt of his enormous cock through his jeans, then coaxed him out of them, starting by unbuckling his belt for him.

As Jeremy was pulling off his jeans, Beth stood up and stripped off hers, taking her thong with them.

"This place is deserted," she said. "Let's do something fun!"

She got Jeremy out of his shirt so they were both nude, then started walking down the trail , taking up his hand in hers.

"Let's see how far we are brave enough to walk away from our clothes," she said.

Jeremy's cock was sticking straight out as they made their way. It had been hard since he got her out of her bra, and he found this nude walk quite titillating. Still, he was scared.

"Relax. We won't get caught," Beth said. "Besides, it's so sexy to go walking through the park nude in the moonlight, it would be almost worth it!"

At one point, Beth began to laugh at how his 12 inches sticking straight out made a shadow on the trail in the bright moonlight.

They got about 100 yards before Beth decided they should turn around, about 50 yards past where Jeremy would have turned.

When they got back to the bench and their clothes, Beth led him to a grassy area by the lakeshore and turned toward him.

"Thanks for indulging my exhibitionist fantasy," she said. "I think you've been suffering long enough. It's time for me to kneel again."

Beth dropped to her knees and took Jeremy into her mouth, as deeply as she could without gagging. She felt its great length, stroked it, licked it, and adored it.

"This really is beautiful, Jeremy," she said, looking up at him. But please don't think this is why I like to be with you."

"And I love to be with you," he said. "And not just because you're the most beautiful woman I know."

Beth stroked him hard and fast, sucking on the head of his cock, until he erupted. She took his whole load, lessened by the experience with his mom earlier, into her mouth, and down her throat. Beth stood and they kissed, and Jeremy wasn't afraid to stick his tongue in her mouth.

Jeremy got home about 2 a.m., and was happy to see that his mom didn't wait up. He was up early, despite it being a Sunday, hoping to get out of the house before his mom was up. It didn't work.

"My, you're up early," Kate said, coming into the dining room in her robe while Jeremy was trying to wolf down a bowl of cereal.

"Places to go, people to see," Jeremy said. He was feeling a bit upset about his mom and how far she had taken things, while still keeping the reins on him. But he was overjoyed and excited just thinking about Beth and the realization she could actually become his girlfriend. They were going to get together for lunch.

"What happened to you yesterday? You disappeared in a hurry."

Jeremy said nothing at first. Kate sensed he was upset about something.

Jeremy thought about Beth, who was all and everything he wanted then. Why should he care if his mom didn't like it if he spoke his mind?

"My friends were fucking your friends in a living room orgy and Matt was fucking Sarah – excuse me, Sarah was fucking Matt's brains out in the family room, and you seemed to keep me away from it all so you could keep me to yourself," Jeremy said sharply, looking straight at her. Having finished his cereal, he stood up and picked up his bowl.

"Even though it seemed like all your friends were more interested in something about me," he continued, grabbing his crotch. "But, no, that's mom's big playtoy. I felt like the boy who had to sit at this little kids' table."

Jeremy rinsed his bowl in the sink, put it in the dishwater, and walked out, leaving Kate behind too stunned to know how to respond.

Jeremy realized he hadn't timed his plans very well. He really didn't want to see his mom, which is why he got up early. Now he was out early, just after 8, with no plans until close to noon. He drove to Chapman Park and sat on the bench where he and Beth left their clothes the night before, and reflected.

Jeremy thought he had enough of the wild sexual escapades at his mom's house that summer. What he really wanted was Beth. But should he be so sure so soon that Beth really wanted to be his girlfriend back at college? It would break his heart at this point if she didn't, but, even so, he started to realize that there was no need for him to live in the shadow of Matt and his other friends. If it didn't work out with Beth, it could work out with someone else. It was time to grow beyond them, and especially beyond his mom's fantasies of bringing a part of his late father back into her life.

He really wanted to make it work with Beth.

Jeremy jumped up and headed into town. The supermarket had a case for flowers, and he thought a dozen roses were a bit of overkill at this point. He picked out a bouquet of a few roses and other mixed flowers, then went shopping in the deli area.

Beth was overwhelmed by the flowers. She looked up at him with her gorgeous blue eyes, which were tearing up, and insisted no boy had ever bought her a bouquet of flowers before, except for the usual corsage at high school prom. She took them inside to put them in a vase, avoiding the awkward first-meeting-with-the-parents that gave Jeremy some pause.

He took her back to the park, to the bench where they disrobed the night before. He had a blanket in the trunk of his car for winter emergencies and spread it on the ground. He unpacked a picnic lunch of cold shrimp and dip, a French bread, fruit, sandwiches, a fancy cheese and a little bit of sushi, which they both despised, but Beth said the thought was nice.

"I can't believe you did this! No one ever brought me flowers like that and put so much thought into taking me out for lunch! And at our special, sexy place! You're a special guy, Jeremy," Beth kissed him.

"You're too special a girl not to try to please," he said. "I only regret my effort to get a bottle of wine failed. They checked my ID. I never had the courage to try to buy alcohol myself because I would just be too embarrassed."

"You tried to buy me wine? Now I'm REALLY impressed. So what did you do, pretend you forgot it?"

"No, I flashed it, hoping the clerk would figure if I was showing it, I'd be old enough and not really pay attention to the birth date. It didn't work."

Beth laughed. "Well, nice try. Just a couple more months and you can impress me with your wine selection. But I think I'll already be impressed."

"So am I," Jeremy said, bending forward to kiss her.

Jeremy felt so much more confident in himself because he was able to relax around this beautiful young woman, who relaxed around him. He thought of an idea, and was bold enough to present it.

"So would you like to go swimming this afternoon?" he asked.

"Uhh... sure, where?"

"My place."

"You have a pool?"

"Yeah, haven't you heard about it?"

"No, I guess I was never invited over for to swim at your house."

"Well, my friends and I and a lot of others have been partying there since mom had the house built after dad died. We all spend a lot of time there in the summer. Have for years."

"OK, but we'll have to go back to my place so I can get my suit."

"You won't need one. I can't remember the last time someone wore a suit in our pool."

"What? Everyone swims naked? Or do they jump in with their shorts on?"

"When I was, like, in grade school, my friends made me go ask my mom if we could skinny dip in the pool. She said we could, but she would be going about her business in the house and we had to be OK if she saw us. Well, the guys went for it and people have been swimming naked ever since."

"And your mom sees them?"

"Well, it was no big deal back in those days, but, yes, she's seen us grow up swimming naked in the pool, and it's no big deal."

"Have there been girls over to do that"

Jeremy wasn't sure how to answer. Some grown women had done it recently.

"Usually not, but it has happened when mom was away."

"Is she home now?"

"I don't care," Jeremy said, being honest. "We're 20 years old and in college. I know she's not going to try to kick us out. The worst that could happen is that she'll go hide in the house and try to ball me out later, but since people swimming naked in the pool is normal and we're old enough, she should mind her own business."

Beth winced. Brushing off her parents' feelings so easily was not something that came naturally to her. Still, she had an exhibitionist streak, and agreed to go see if his mom was home and figure it out from there.

At Beth's urging, Jeremy called his house and his mom's cell phone, but got no answer at either. He explained that wasn't unusual. She could be out on the deck, and she is notorious for not having her cell phone handy to answer.

Kate wasn't at home. Jeremy put away the leftovers in the refrigerator, grabbed a couple of towels and a couple of beers and an ice bucket, and went out on the deck. He had texted Matt, Josh and Jeremy that Jeremy's mom's house was closed for the day, and they were not to come over.

Beth was sitting in the beach chair his mom used for working on her tan. She smiled at Jeremy as he approached.

Deciding to be bold, Jeremy placed the beers and the towels on the patio table and, cheerfully said, "Well, you ready to take a swim? Let's go!"

He pulled his shirt over his head and bent down to untie and kick off his shoes. Beth looked at him with a look on her face with a mix of thrill and apprehension as Jeremy started to unbuckle his belt. He dropped his pant and his underwear while standing right in front of Beth and she took a good look at his cock when it was still soft. It hung down beautifully far below his big balls, its head a soft pink, much lighter than it looked when fully erect. She smiled at it, then up at him.

"Well, come on, let's go for a swim," he said, turning toward the pool, allowing Beth a look at his firm, young ass as he walked toward the water.

"Are you sure your mom isn't going to come home?" she asked.

"No, I'm not sure," he said. "But I don't care much if she does. Come on, join me."

Jeremy jumped in the water and beckoned to Beth.

Beth was a bit nervous about being caught by Kate, but she got a thrill showing herself to boys she liked. She stood up, and stripped down, smiling and looking at Jeremy the whole time.

She didn't run or trot toward Jeremy, but, completely nude and showing a new fully shaved look, walked slowly toward him, consciously emphasizing a little swing to her hips.

Jeremy was at eye level with her newly balded pussy as she eased herself into the pool.

"You shaved," he said.

"Yes, I did it for you. Girls hear that guys like us shaved, so I thought I would give you a treat. But maybe I should have asked first," she said with some uncertainty. "Do you like it?"

"I love it," Jeremy said, reaching below the water and feeling the smoothness. "I mean, I like it either way, but I think I like this better. It's so pretty when I can see all of it."

Beth reached under the water too, and felt Jeremy's now hard member.

"Oh, it got big again," she said with a tinge of disappointment in her voice.

"You don't like it big?"

"No- I mean, I love it big, but it looked so cute just before you jumped in, I wanted to feel of it while it was soft."

"That's going to be hard – I mean, uh, no pun intended, but uh..."

"Beth started to laugh, even as she continued to fondle him.

"I mean, it will be hard for you to feel it when it's not hard, because you touching it. . ."

"Makes it hard," Beth finished. She let go of it. "I understand. Maybe if we just swim for a bit I can think of a way to make it soft later."

She winked at him then dove underwater for a swim.

They frolicked in the pool, splashing each other, and even getting a two-person game of dodgeball going, though neither of them kept score. Jeremy was more interested in keeping an eye on those perfect breasts bouncing around water level. After a bit, they toweled off and sat down to enjoy their beers. Jeremy sat in a deck chair facing Beth and they chatted like old friends, talking about the upcoming term at Western, and Jeremy telling her about campus life and certain professors. Jeremy went back into the house for a couple of more beers, still with no sign of his mom, and sat down again.

It seemed they had almost forgotten that they were nude, until Beth watched Jeremy's now-soft cock swing back and forth as he walked back on the deck with the fresh beers. She continued to look at it when he sat down. He noticed, and it started to stir.

When it became clear he was becoming fully erect, Beth looked away, hid her eyes in her hand and said, "I'm sorry! My God, just looking at it makes it hard?"

"It's OK, Beth. It's not you looking at it, it's just that I wasn't thinking about sex until I saw you looking at it, which made me look at you and remember how naked we are, and that makes me think of sex and—here you go!" he said, waving toward his straightening member. "And besides, you know us 20-year-olds and our raging hormones."

Beth didn't reply, but continued to gaze at Jeremy's cock, and, as if to be fair, hiked both of her feet up onto the edge of the chair and spread her knees far apart to give him all the look he wanted. They sat there in silence for a minute or two, looking at each other's genitals.

"My God, Beth you have the most perfect body!' Jeremy finally said.

"Thank you. I love your body, too, and not just the obvious part. But I'm totally fascinated by it, sitting here and watching it grow and wondering what that feels like for you. It doesn't hurt?"

"Not at all – unless it stays big and doesn't get any attention. But that makes my balls ache."

"I'll be happy to give it plenty of attention," Beth said with a laugh. She ran her right hand over her breast and down her side. "I couldn't be a stripper, or go flashing guys in a crowd, but I kind of like to show my body to guys I like. It makes me feel sexy."

She ran her fingers down and across her pussy before returning it to its perch on top of her knee.

"Would you like to. . ."

"Yes," she said, interrupting him. "I'd love to see your room."

Leaving their beers almost untouched, they walked hand-in-hand toward the house. Beth leaned her head over to rest on his shoulder as they walked. They left their clothes outside, and Beth allowed Jeremy to lead her by the hand up the stairs. They both thought that this was about to be the moment for them.

They embraced as soon as Jeremy shut the door behind him. The kiss was long and passionate, and followed by a gaze into each other's eyes. Jeremy then gave her a tender kiss and led her to the bed and laid her down. They hugged and kissed more, with Jeremy slowly moving down to her neck, then her lovely breasts.

He kissed each nipple, circling and flicking them with his tongue, and delighted on how each came erect under his caress. He loved how goosebumps appeared and Beth cooed when he gently blew on each one, drying off the moisture and creating a chilling effect. He got to know her cute belly button and the tiny pearl-like jewelry that adorned it.

He loved the smoothness of her mound, so smooth it was hard to believe there had been light blond hair there just the night before. He petted and licked the mound, then gently kissed the wonderfully bare lips below it. She spread her legs for him, and he got between them.

He kissed her lips the way he would kiss the lips on her face, from a gentle peck to a tender kiss, then lightly parted them with the tip of his tongue, getting his first taste of her dampness. She cooed again. He spread her lips apart and saw in the daylight streaming through the window the glistening of her generous moisture. Her aroma filled his nostrils and he breathed it in deeply.

Her inner lips were quite small, and had remained hidden behind her puffy outer lips. He remembered his mom trying to teach him about a woman's vagina when she was naked out on the deck with him so soon after all of this began. He didn't want to think of his mom right then, but he recalled that she told him when he licked a woman, he should think of licking honey off a butterfly's wings. He licked the very edges of the lips inside, as if being careful that he might injure them.

"Ohhhhh!" Beth moaned.

When he licked around her opening she moaned even louder and the thick liquid came running out of her pussy. He plunged his tongue inside and her juices flowed across it. He lapped it up, wanting to devour every drop she could give him.

When he circled her clit with his tongue, she grabbed his head as if to pull him inside her.

"Ohhhhhh! Ohhhhhh! Ohhhhh!" she cried out.

And when he finally flicked her clit with his tongue she erupted, her hips thrusting up while a stream of cum came flowing opening onto Jeremy's lips. Startled, he pulled his head back. He didn't know girls could cum with that much of a flow. His hesitation was only temporary. He dove in with his face and drank what she generously offered.

"Jeremy, no, stop," Beth panted. She leaned forward enough to take him by the hands and guide him up to her. "Make love to me," she whispered in his ear.

He kissed her, letting her taste her own cum on his lips.

Jeremy slid up onto his knees and held his cock at her opening, which was overflowing with her juices. Beth was panting as if she had been running a race.

"Go slow," she said.

Jeremy poked the head of his enormous cock into her opening and she let out a little gasp. In addition to being very long at 12 inches, his cock was of an impressive girth, and Jeremy could tell immediately that she was much tighter than his mom, or the one teenage girl he had had sex with before. He entered her very slowly. Her eyes widened as she looked into his eyes and felt the sensation of being entered by something far larger than anything she had ever experimented with.

For Jeremy, the sensation was like none other he had ever felt. Her small pussy gripped him tightly, yet she had supplied so much natural lubrication that he was going in easily, if at a slow pace. What struck him most was her temperature. She was hot inside and the feeling was exquisite on his member. He felt her heat penetrating his cock.

Beth's mouth widened into a broad, silent "O" until a soft sound came from deep in her throat. "Ohhhh!" she suddenly cried, but not the way she had cried before. She recoiled slightly, then held him back with her hands at his waist.

"Ohhh! I...I can't take all of you in," she said. "Just this far."

She held him at the desired depth and he started to withdraw, then slowly entered her again. After a few thrusts, he picked up the pace, and she responded by meeting his thrusts with upward thrusts of her hips. They established a rhythm. Still, it was not a fast and furious rhythm. He liked this slower pace. It felt like they were making love, whereas slamming into a woman felt more like fucking her. Still sexually inexperienced, he started to understand the difference.

"Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh!" Beth cried with each thrust. Jeremy could feel both of them building at the same time. But Beth stayed aware enough of the situation to gasp out, "Not inside of me, Jeremy, please!"

Beth started to cum first, wrapping her legs around him in her ecstasy and making it hard for Jeremy to do his duty and pull out. When Beth sensed that he was trying to get out, she relaxed her legs and he pulled free, shooting his load all over her belly and breasts, even reaching her face.

"Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh!" he gasped with each spasm.

"Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh!" Beth's gasps matched his own, and he could feel her pussy pulsating and soaking the sheets below as they came together.

Jeremy collapsed on top of her, and when he went to kiss her in the aftermath and found his sperm on her face, he stopped. "Oh, I'm sorry," he said and started to get up to find something to wipe her off.

"No, no, it's ok," she said, wiping it with her fingers, then licking it off. "Just hold me."

He held her tight, looked in her eyes and wanted to tell her that he loved her, but felt it was probably too soon for that, and right after passionate sex might not be the right time.

"That was fabulous . . . and very special," he said, petting her hair.

"It was the best ever!" she replied. "You felt so good inside me. I was afraid you were going to be too big for me, but it felt great."

"I'm so glad to hear that. Most of all, I wanted you to enjoy this."

"That's how I felt about you," Beth said.

The bedsheets were soaked with sweat and Beth's cum. Jeremy's cum was a slippery mess between them in their embrace. The room was filled with the aroma of sex. They snuggled for a long time, and even drifted off to sleep a bit.

They got up about an hour after they lay down together and started to clean up. They took a sensual shower together. Jeremy washed his sheets and made up his bed, with he and Beth just hanging around the house naked together and making it seem comfortable and natural. After the bed was made, they went back to the deck to gather their clothes, dressed and left without ever seeing Kate.

They talked, and were officially not only lovers, but boyfriend and girlfriend, and Jeremy was as happy as he had ever been. He spent so much time with Beth over the next few days he didn't see his mom at all. He ignored his friends' texts, but eventually replied:

"Have a new girlfriend. Going out with Beth Conrad. Better call before coming over. We might be busy."

"Beth Conrad! No way!" was the typical response.

He got texts from his mom, too. She said she was sorry about how she kept him away from her friends while his friends were enjoying them. She asked what he was up to and he replied "Spending time with Beth Conrad."

On Friday she texted him, "Sarah and Joni want to come over tomorrow if that's OK."

Beth was going to be away at a cousin's wedding. Jeremy didn't know what he was going to do.

"I don't care," he responded. He assumed they were coming over to see his mom, having no thoughts of any kind of repeat of what happened the previous weekend.

He didn't think about it when he finally rolled out of bed at noon on Saturday and found Pam over, picking up his mom.

"We're going shopping in the city. Back tonight sometime," Kate said.

"Have fun!" Pam waved and winked as she walked out the door with Kate.

Jeremy saw the rain falling outside and considered his options. Beth was out of town. No day for bringing the guys over to the pool, beside the fact he wasn't sure whether he wanted to talk to them about what happened between them and his mom's friends last Saturday. But they were his friends. He had to get together with them sometime, even if all he really wanted to do was hang out with Beth. He wished for the start of the college term, where he had a different set of friends and his new girlfriend would be close. It seemed his life was starting to take shape the way he wanted to see it, though he felt a tinge of regret over the idea that he was outgrowing his hometown friends, and his mom's house.

None of that settled the issue of what to do that day. He started with a shower, but skipped the shave, threw on some jeans and had a beer for breakfast, sitting at the kitchen counter, looking out at the rain-soaked deck. On the patio table he saw a beer bottle someone neglected to pick up. He had noticed the empty bottle in front of him.

The brew was called "Totally Naked." It was his mom's favorite, made by a craft brewery in New Glarus, Wisconsin (look it up!).

"Totally Naked on the deck," Jeremy said to no one there. It was really how all this got started. But the bottle on the deck was empty.

He needed a refill, and one beer was hardly enough breakfast.

He had another, still trying to figure out what to do with his rainy day. He heard a knock on the side door just as he was about the grab a third. He figured it was probably one of the guys, but when he opened the door he found Sarah standing there with a big smile on her face and the tall, lovely Joni right behind her.

"Hi Jeremy!" Sarah chirped. "Can we come in out of the rain?"

"Uhh. . . sure," he said, standing out of the way and letting them in. "But Mom's not home right now."

"We know, she went shopping with Pam, but she said we could come over and use the pool. Unfortunately, it's not much of a day for swimming. We'll have to think of something else to do," Sarah smiled, with a twinkle in her eyes. "Here, we brought you some beer."

Sarah handed him a 12-pack of Michelob, a favorite of the local youth.

"Uhh... thanks," he said, taking it. He immediately saw what this was all about. His mom knew he was upset about being kept away from her friends while his friends got to have some hot sex with them. He remembered getting the text from her saying they wanted to come over and asked if it was alright. She had apparently relented, and was letting him have some alone time with these women.

But he also figured out immediately that this probably worked both ways. In fact, he was sure of it. His mom's friends no doubt complained that he and his "gift" had been kept from them.

"Well, come on in and sit down and have a beer," Jeremy said, breaking open the cold 12-pack. He handed each of them a beer and took one for himself, storing the rest in the refrigerator.

"Thank you," Joni said. "Too bad about having a pool party ruined."

"Yes, we even brought our suits," Sarah said, with a tease in her voice.

They sat on the stools around the counter. Jeremy stood at the corner and took a big swig of what was his third beer.

"Let me guess. The same suits you brought last weekend," he said, matter-of-factly.

"Your mom always says you're smart," Joni said with a smile.

Jeremy found he really did not appreciate this new opportunity to see Sarah and Joni naked and fool around with them all by himself. What was this? Had his mom really gone so far as to set him up with a threesome with her hot friends? They were hot, and a week ago he was disappointed at being left out of the fun, but now he only missed Beth. As attractive as these women were, they had nothing on Beth, who was his own age and interested in more than sex with him. To him, this whole thing with his mom, her friends and his friends was all sounding pretty disgusting, particularly since Sarah let slip that she knew Matt had come over and had some rough sex with his mom. He wished he were with Beth at that moment and could forget about all of this.

Then again, he didn't have anything to do, and they were there – for some reason.

"Yeah, I'm even smart enough to know that the real reason you came over last weekend was to watch me and my friends model our swimsuits," he said.

"And what lovely suits they were," interrupted Sarah. "Especially yours."

She reached out and tapped him on the thigh.

"Thanks. I liked yours, too. And Joni, yours is really great too," Jeremy went on. "So, what, Pam didn't want any of this today?"

"Maybe she knew what the weather was going to be like," Joni said.

"She can be a little timid sometimes," Sarah said.

"Well, what should we do?" Jeremy said, as if daring them to come out and say it.

"Well, we could put on our 'swimsuits' and go outside and splash around in the rain and the puddles like we did when we were little kids," Sarah offered.

"That sounds kind of fun. . . but a little silly," Joni replied.

Jeremy took another big swig of his beer, and not being much of a drinker, was starting to feel the effects of putting down his third in such a short period of time, on an empty stomach. He was feeling bold, and the security of having a great girlfriend in his life made him confident. He really didn't care if he said the wrong things and these women ran away mad, but he didn't have any problem fucking them if that's what they came over for.

"Well, before we strip off our clothes, why don't we strip away all the pretense and get to the bottom of what brings you here today," he said. "Now, can either of you be honest enough to tell me whether my mom mentioned anything to you about me not liking how I was kept away from all the fun while you two and Pam were hanging around the house fucking the brains out of my friends?"

Joni fell dead silent and looked down. Sarah glanced over at Joni, but didn't let Jeremy's question wipe the slight smile she had on her face since the moment she walked in.

"Jeremy," she said, reaching for his hand, holding it and tapping it gently with her other hand, "it certainly wasn't our idea to keep you away. I think your mom was uncomfortable with it."

Jeremy pulled his hand back. Sarah didn't know the real story.

"But she changed her mind and said it was OK for you to come over today to sort of make it up to me, didn't she?"

"She didn't say that," Sarah said. "But I'd be glad to make it up to you if you'd like." She rubbed the side of his leg gently while looking in his eyes.

Jeremy looked at Joni, who was looking uncomfortable. "So, Joni, do you want to make it up to me, too? Or maybe you're just here to watch?"

Joni fidgeted. "We're sorry, Jeremy – or I'm sorry, anyway. I guess the plan was to come over to use the pool, get naked in it and see if it led to anything. We decided to come over anyway, even if the weather ruined that plan."

Jeremy downed the rest of his beer and went to the refrigerator to get another one.

"How about we strip away the rest of the bullshit," Jeremy said. He stopped short of the counter, out of Sarah's seductive reach. "I may be only 20 years old, and to guys my age, even hot women like you are considered 'older' women because you're over 30. You've been around more than I have. But instinct tells me that you two hot 'older' women didn't hear what my mom had to say and decided to come over and comfort the sad boy and 'make it up to him' after he was so unfairly left out of the fun last weekend. You might have thought that was cute in some kind of patronizing way, but it wouldn't have brought you over here.

"No, I think it's much more likely that you were a lot more disappointed than I was. You two couldn't get enough of looking at my 'swimsuit' last weekend. 'Wow, that Jeremy sure is impressive,' 'Yeah, takes after his dad,' I'll bet my mom said. And I'll bet someone said something about not getting to play with the big toy when it was all fun and games."

Even Sarah looked a little stunned.

"In the business world, I think they call this 'leverage' – when you've got something someone else wants and they want it more than you want anything from them. Well, I got your 'leverage' right here," Jeremy said, grabbing his crotch. "And I think I'll go down to the family room right now. Anyone's who's interested in being moved by Jeremy's big lever, come on down."

Jeremy walked by them and down the stairs, not knowing whether they would follow, and being OK with it either way.

"Sarah, I think he's on to us," he heard Joni say as he headed down.

Jeremy moved the coffee table from in front of the couch and put it next to the recliner, which he turned to face the opened area of the room with the couch against the wall. He had set up a nice little area to play if they took him up on his offer.

He sat in the chair and waited. In less than five minutes, Sarah and Joni came down the stairs.

"Nice of you to join me," Jeremy said as they entered the room.

"My, you have become quite feisty all of a sudden. You always seemed a little timid before," Sarah said. "But that's good. Confidence is such an attractive quality in a man."

"Well, thanks, Sarah. It seems word has spread about me, and all of a sudden I'm getting a lot more attention. I don't seem to have as much of a problem anymore getting girls to pay attention to me. That does a lot for a guy's confidence. I'm just saying I could go off and find some girls my own age. But you are both beautiful women, and I don't have anything to do today anyway, so I'll be glad to play if you want to. I just wanted to be honest about it."

"OK, so I'll be brutally honest like you," Sarah said, sitting on the arm of Jeremy's chair and running her soft fingers through his hair. She leaned over as if to whisper in his ear, but said, loud enough for Joni to hear, "I've been plotting to get my hands – and my lips – on that magnificent cock of yours since the first time I saw it in all its glory. I would have found a way to have it, even if we had to sneak behind your mother's back."

She slid off the arm of the chair and onto the floor, and reached for Jeremy's belt. He grabbed her hands.

"Well, I appreciate your honesty," he said. "But, I really feel like using my leverage right now. I can tell you like to be in charge, but Jeremy wants to do this his way."

"And what way is that?" Sarah asked with a seductive smile.

"I want to see your 'swim' suits first," Jeremy said. "I want to sit here and watch both of you strip naked for me."

"Sarah. . ." Joni said, as if she had heard enough of this.

"You can wait upstairs if you want," Sarah said.

"No deal," Jeremy replied, betting on Sarah's dominant personality. "I want both of you naked as the day you were born, or nobody plays."

"It's what we came for," Sarah said, looking at Joni. "I'll go first."

Sarah stood up while Joni shrugged her shoulders and sat down on the couch.

Sarah stood in front of Jeremy, looking down and smiling seductively. "I'd love to get naked for you," she said, reaching for the top button on her peach colored summer blouse. She slowly unbuttoned it, then looked down to grab the next button. Keeping her chin down as if watching what she was doing, Sarah raised her eyes to look straight in Jeremy's eyes.

Jeremy felt his cock start to rise. He really did think Sarah one of the sexiest women he knew. He couldn't believe he had pulled this off to this point. They didn't leave, but were starting to do what he said.

Sarah worked her buttons down with her eyes still on Jeremy. She stopped when she got to her belt, then looked down, playing as if confused. Instead of pulling her shirt out, she unbuckled the belt on her tan slack, then undid the snap, and opened the front. That allowed her to unbutton the last button and pull her shirt all the way open. It also revealed a very low thong just covering her pubic mound.

Sarah slipped the blouse off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She was wearing a white lacy bra that lifted her breasts and pulled them together, emphasizing her greatest assets. When she reached behind her to unclasp the bra, she gently twisted her hips a bit and her loose pants dropped to the floor.

Sarah feigned surprise, as if she did not expect that. It didn't fool Jeremy, but he enjoyed the show. He loved her pale skin and broad hips, even the extra pounds that made her look voluptuous. Sarah smiled broadly when she saw his eyes move from top to bottom to check out her frame.

Sarah found the clasp and released it. She let the bra slip off her shoulders and join her blouse on the floor. She stepped out of her pants, with feet left bare when she took her wet sandals off at the door. Sarah lifted her breasts and bent forward slightly, as if to offer them to him. They were easily large enough for her to lick each pink nipple, which she did.

Jeremy was hard by then. Sarah, of course, noticed.

"I can see your leverage already," she said in a husky voice. "But I still have to finish."

She turned and showed her bare ass, bending over and running her hands over it. She turned around, and slowly pulled down the thong until her hands were at her ankles and her breasts hanging low in front of her. She stood up holding the thin thong panties, sniffed them, then tossed them toward Jeremy's face. He smiled at her and sniffed them too, and could feel and smell the dampness she left behind.

Sarah stepped forward and quickly thrust her knees up onto the arms of the chair. She ran her hands from her breasts down to her thighs, then lifted her breasts and thrust them into Jeremy's face. He kissed and licked at them, and with his right hand he reached up to find her pussy. He thrust a finger into her.

Sarah gasped. Using Jeremy's shoulders to stead herself, she straightened her back. Jeremy probed her with his finger and petted her smooth mound with his other hand. He pulled his finger out and stuck it into his mouth.

"You're wet, but not wet enough," Jeremy teased. "Why don't you go sit on the couch and work on making yourself wetter? It's Joni's turn."

"Mmmmmm. A little more warm up time?" Sarah said. She stood directly in front of Jeremy with her legs well apart, reached down and spread herself open, giving Jeremy a full look at her pinkness contrasting with her pale redhead's skin. She looked down and said, "Oh, no! Not dripping yet! I guess I do have work to do. Not to worry. Watching Joni strip for you will make me hotter!"

Sarah went to sit on the couch and Joni stood up.

"I am NOT as big a slut as Sarah and won't put on that kind of show," she said. "But you saw me naked last weekend, so I guess this isn't that big of a deal. So, not to disappoint you or Sarah. . ."

Joni was true to her word, making no show of it. She pulled her pull-over blue top off, showing a black sports bra underneath, and unsnapped her beltless jeans.

"No lacy, sexy bra, no pants than fall off by themselves. No lap dance. Hope you aren't disappointed."

It took her a bit to get the tight jeans off those long legs. She struggled to get them off while standing, but managed and threw the jeans behind her. Joni pulled off her bra as fast as she pulled off her shirt, then dropped the plain pink panties and stood nude before Jeremy.

"You're lovely, Joni," Jeremy said seriously.

"Oh, was I supposed to do something lewd too?"

Joni spread her legs like Sarah did, then spread her lips too. "Am I wet enough for you?"

"No, Joni," Sarah said. "You have to come sit down with me and work on it some more."

Joni turned to sit down on the couch, looked over her shoulder at Jeremy and said, "Isn't it your turn?"

"Yes, Jeremy, it's your turn," Sarah agreed. She had her feet up on the couch and her knees spread wide. She had two fingers of her right hand deep in her pussy, making a squishy sound. The room was filling with her aroma.

Joni sat down with her feet on the floor. "Come on, Joni," Sarah said, using her left hand to try to part Joni's legs.

Jeremy stood up and pulled off his sweatshirt. He didn't know how to do any kind of stupid male strip routines, but after the show Sarah put on, he felt like doing more than just taking off his clothes like he was in a locker room.

He had to bend down to untie his shoes, then kicked them off. His loose jeans fell down quickly once he unbuckled his belt. Jeremy always wore boxer shorts because briefs were too tight for him. Beneath them, his huge cock made a tent in them on the left side.

"Oh! It's trapped! Let it out!" Sarah pleaded.

Jeremy stood at a profile to the women and pulled down the shorts and kicked them aside.

His cock stood not straight out from his body, but at an upward angle, the girth as impressive as the 12-inch length. He looked first at the resistant Joni, whose gaze was firmly fixed on his member.

"So is this what you came to see?" he asked, and began to stroke it slowly.

"I want to do more than see it, but show it to us first, Jeremy," Sarah said, continuing to finger herself with her legs spread wide.

Jeremy turned to face them. He grabbed his whole package at the base in a ring formed by his thumbs and middle fingers, lifting his balls and his cock away from his body to hold them out for display.

"God, that is beautiful," Joni said. Her hand drifted between her legs. "I don't think I've ever seen one so hard."

"Stroke it for us some more," Sarah said.

Cupping his balls with his left hand, he stroked with his right, arching his back backward a bit to thrust out his hips.

"Come on, Joni," Sarah said. "Everyone else is looking and masturbating. You have to show us how you do it too."

But Joni had already taken herself in hand. She didn't respond to Sarah, but did spread her legs wider, showing herself to Jeremy.

"You're really hot," Jeremy said to Joni, encouraging her.

They watched each other for another minute or so before Jeremy dropped to his knees in front of Sarah. She slid herself up to the edge of the couch immediately and leaned back. Jeremy tossed aside all he had learned about "licking honey off a butterfly's wings" and dove in. Sarah was dripping by then, and he shoved his tongue as deep as he could into her vagina and started to lick it all up while Sarah held her lips wide open with her fingers.

"Oh God!" she gasped. "Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh!"

Jeremy replaced Sarah's hands with his own hands in holding her open. She grabbed both sides of his head and pulled him in, digging her fingertips into his scalp.

"Sarah had her first full orgasm of the day the instant Jeremy attacked her clit.

"Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh!" Sarah gasped for air. Jeremy lapped up some of her cum holding it on his tongue, then moved over to Joni. He stood up and leaned over. Joni seemed confused at first, but then accepted his soft kiss on the lips. Jeremy kissed her harder, and when his tongue entered her mouth she realized his ulterior motive. He gave her a taste of Sarah's cum he saved on his tongue.

"Oh, well", she thought. "It's not as if I haven't tasted it before."

Jeremy flicked each of her nipples with his tongue on the way down.

Joni's pussy was much smaller than Sarah's. He did not think of it before when she stripped, but noticed now that she had shaved. A week before around the pool she showed a light, trimmed, bush – perhaps one that was growing back from a previous shaving. He liked them bare.

Joni had been in a different mood than Sarah, so Jeremy went at her slowly. He kissed her outer lips, then parted them. He licked tenderly along the inside, and on the very edges of her inner lips, just as he had done with Beth before.

Joni was plenty wet, though not as wet as Sarah. He was out to change that, and got a good start. By the time he dug his tongue into her opening and circled her clit with is tongue, she was flowing and panting, and a bit frustrated when he moved back to Sarah.

"Mmmmmm," she mewed as he went back to work on her, giving her a post-orgasmic treatment much like what he had just given Joni.

"Oh my!" Sarah cried. Jeremy was gently licking her swollen inner lips. "Oh, Jeremy! You're so sensuous!"

He rimmed her pussy then sucked her clit, and brought her off again.

Joni had been playing with herself the whole time, and when Jeremy got back to her he attacked her as aggressively as he first did Sarah.

"Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh!" Joni cried out as Jeremy spread her open and made her engorged clit dance with his tongue. She came in his mouth, too.

When he moved back to Sarah, he looked in her eyes as he positioned his now-throbbing cock at her cunt hole.

"Yes! Please!" Sarah begged.

Jeremy's 12 inches entered her slowly, almost excruciatingly for Sarah. His cock crawled into her, inch by inch.

"Oh my! Oh! Oh!" Sarah panted. She was arching her shoulders forward with her head looking down, watching as that beautiful organ disappeared inside her body. Joni watched in fascination too.

"All the way in!" Sarah pleaded.

Jeremy continued to plow forward until all of him was buried in Sarah's vagina and his balls were bumping against her ass. Joni couldn't believe Sarah could take all of that in. She was quite sure that she couldn't.

Sarah grabbed Joni's hand and squeezed it. "Oh, God, I've never been so filled!"

Jeremy started to withdraw, then plunged back in and picked up the pace, seeking a rhythm.

"Oh, yes! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Sarah begged, squeezing Joni's hand tighter.

Jeremy complied, pulling about halfway out before pushing back in, all the way. Sarah leaned back on the couch again and tilted her head back. Her body convulsed into another orgasm.

Jeremy left her to come down from that high and moved over to Joni.

"My turn," Joni said. She positioned herself similar to what Sarah had, but with her long body and athleticism, she could arch her back forward more and look down to watch what was happening to her. She grabbed Jeremy's cock, glistening with Sarah's cream.

"Please, let me," she said. "I'm a lot smaller than Sarah there."

Jeremy smiled and let Joni take his cock and rub it against her opening. She pulled it toward her and into her. "Oh! I've never had one this big around either!" she said. She drew in some more of him, then released his cock and said, "Ok, go slow like you did with Sarah."

Jeremy noticed the extra tightness right away. Joni's petite pussy gripped him, even more than Beth's had, and much more than Sarah's or Kate's. He loved the tight feeling.

"Oh God! You just fill me!" Joni said then Jeremy got just past halfway. "Oh, that feels so good!"

Jeremy's cock crawled into her and was in about three-quarters of the way when she jumped back and gasped.

"Ow! Stop! I can't take all of you!

That's it! Now a little faster!" Joni said as Jeremy found the right depths for entrance and exit and met the pace that worked for Joni. Jeremy found it strange that Joni, who seemed so disdainful of his aggressive approach in getting them naked and making them do things his way was now giving instructions on how best to fuck her. But he liked how she told him what she liked so he could give it to her.

And he gave it to her.

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!" Joni cried out. Jeremy plunged in and out while Joni reached down and worked her clit. Her spasm came quickly, too.

Jeremy had them stand up and bend over with their hands on the back of the couch. He loved how he made Sarah's tits swing by slamming into her repeatedly from behind. Joni was too small up top to get a real swing going, but the grip of her cunt from that angle felt fantastic for Jeremy. He knew he wasn't going to last much longer.

He had them get down on the floor, forearms and faces to the carpet, with asses his in the air.

He took Sarah first once again, slamming balls-deep into her. She reached back and played with her clit and erupted in another orgasm. Jeremy respected Joni's depth, but also fucked her furiously, but he was back at Sarah before she came.

Joni came again when Jeremy came back to her, then it was back to Sarah. The cries and the aroma of girlcum filled the room.

Jeremy started to wonder which one would get his load. He figured it was his choice if he timed it right. He took Joni again rather briefly, then back at Sarah for a short time, and when he felt it welling up inside, he plunged into Joni again. Joni was pushing her backside back at him to meet his thrusts.

"Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!" Joni screamed. She let loose with another orgasm as soon as Jeremy bent over her back, grabbed her nipples, and squeezed and twisted them.

"Uhhhhh!' Jeremy grunted when his body seized up. He was inside Joni as deeply as he dared when his huge cock exploded. He held still, about halfway in, and filled her. Exhausted from his thrusting, Jeremy leaned over her back and reached under to tweak her perky nipples. He kissed the back of her neck.

"You're fabulous, Joni," he whispered before he withdrew and collapsed on the carpet.

"Is it halftime already?" Sarah moaned, as she got up from her position where she was waiting for her turn. "Well, I get the next load!"

Jeremy and Joni laughed hard. The trio sat on the carpet sweating, smiling, and still totally naked.

"Halftime?" Jeremy asked. "You mean I have to go back out there?"

"No, you have to go back IN there," Sarah corrected. They all laughed again.

Jeremy grabbed his now-warm beer and took a swig.

"Seriously, Jeremy, you are incredible, and I'm not just talking about size. I can't believe how good you are at this for someone so young," Sarah said.

"Thanks. I guess it's because you're both so hot," Jeremy said.

"I can cross that one off my bucket list," Joni sighed. She was laying flat on her back and panting, with her left hand cupped over her pussy, which deep inside contained Jeremy's sperm.

"Exactly what item on that list?" Sarah teased.

"Well, let's just say it was a BIG item," Joni said. "Jeremy, I'm really not this big of a slut like Sarah, but what you've got is an offer I couldn't refuse at my age."

"Oh! You are, too!" Sarah challenged. "I'm a little more aggressive, but you want it as much as I do!"

"I'll leave you ladies to argue about who is the biggest slut. I'm going to the bathroom and to get another beer," Jeremy said.

He went upstairs and straight to the refrigerator. He had to come down a bit before attempting a beer-filled piss. He caught his breath, cooled down with some beer, then went to the bathroom. Holding his cock over the toilet, he noticed how the public hairs around his cock were wet, with plenty of white cream from the women matting the hairs together. Jeremy emptied his bladder, then lifted his hand for a sniff of their combined aroma. Beth's smelled better, he thought. But he loved their taste and smell.

Jeremy was stunned at what he saw when he went back downstairs. He had heard about this, seen it in porn, and fantasized about it. He never thought he would actually see it.

Joni was still laying on her back with her knees up and spread as before. But both her hands were on her own breasts, kneading them furiously. Sarah's head was between her legs, licking at her cum-filled cunt while Joni writhed in a mounting arousal.

Jeremy's young cock started to stir again immediately. He sat down in a recliner facing the scene and wasn't even sure if they were aware of his presence since Joni was facing away from him and Sarah was busy. When he reached about half staff, he couldn't resist stroking it a bit to get it the rest of the way up. It was tender from all the recent friction.

"Oh God! I'm cumming again!" Joni panted. "Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh!"

Sarah relented as Joni's orgasm subsided, then planted a little kiss on her pulsing pussy and looked up, smiling with a wet chin, at Jeremy.

"That was incredible to watch," Jeremy said. "So, what , are you guys gay?"

Sarah and Joni both laughed.

"No, we like men – a lot," Sarah said. "But sometimes girls aren't as afraid to fool around with each other as guys are."

"Sarah would seduce anything that moves. She seduces me once in a while," Joni confessed. "But she doesn't compare to you."

Joni turned and looked at Jeremy.

"Oh, look! Our friend is back already," she added, looking at his erect cock. "Sarah, we turned him on!"

"That was the idea," Sarah said.

Joni turned back toward Sarah. "You mean that was to turn him on and not me?"

"Hey, you got off. Don't complain," Sarah said as she crawled on her hands and knees over to Jeremy.

Sarah took his cock, and, casting her eyes up toward him, kissed the head, licked around the rim, then put his thick cock tip in her mouth. She slid her head down, taking in more of him, but still wasn't able to take much before her gag reflex started to protest. She sucked on as much as she could take in, but after a few strokes, she pulled her lips free and started to lick the entire length of the shaft.

Sarah squeezed his huge, heavy balls, then with an evil look in her eyes, moved lower and started to lick them. Jeremy tensed as she tried to force one in her mouth.

Joni joined in and took over the licking of the shaft while Sarah licked and sucked on his balls.

Sarah suddenly stopped. "Keep him hard, Joni, but don't you dare bring him off. I'll be right back."

Sarah stood and headed upstairs naked.

"I finally have you all to myself," Joni said, continuing to lick and fondle Jeremy's package.

"I wouldn't mind getting you all to myself," Jeremy responded.

"Mmmmm. . . I'd like to say that could be arranged," Joni said between cock kisses. "But we promised your mom this would be a one-time thing. I think that's why we're trying to get the most out of it. . . At least that's what I'm thinking. I'm really not this big of a slut."

"You keep saying that," Jeremy said, stroking her hair. "I don't think of you that way. I think of you as sensuous."


"Thanks," Joni said. "But Sarah is a slut."

"I like to think of her as seductive."

"Well, she's a seductive slut, and a dominating one, too."

Jeremy relaxed and enjoyed Joni's gentle ministering of his cock and balls, none of it intense enough to get him close to popping again. He sipped on his beer, petted her hair, and waited for the next stage of this erotic adventure.

"So if you're afraid of me thinking of you as a slut, why are you here?" he asked.

"For the same reason as Sarah," Joni said, stopping with her mouth but still holding his cock. "Jeremy, we're both in our late 30s and never had a cock as big as yours. This really is a sexual 'bucket list' thing for us. Thanks for doing your part."

"No problem" Jeremy chuckled.

"Nice job, Joni," Sarah said, bouncing back in the room. "Look what I found in the medicine cabinet."

She held up a small jar of Vaseline.

"You think we need lube?" Joni asked. "You don't seem that dry to me."

"No, but I have a special request," Sarah said, approaching the side of Jeremy's chair. She put an arm around him. "Have you ever done a woman in the ass?"

"Sarah!! You can't be serious! You know how much that would hurt with a cock that big?" Joni was aghast.

"It will hurt deliciously," Sarah said, kissing Jeremy on the cheek.

"It will hurt tremendously!"

"Joni, I'm just bolder than you are. Fucking a guy with a big cock was on your bucket list. I'm just taking it a step further. I may never get a chance again to know what it feels like to take someone so big back there."

"You may never get a chance to fuck a horse either! That doesn't mean you do it just because Secretariat's great-grandson just walked in the room."

"Well, ask me about that when he gets here," Sarah said. "C'mon Jeremy."

Jeremy had started to laugh at the exchange.

"Have it your way," Joni said. "But I'm not done yet either."

Joni turned to Jeremy. She happened to be still casually holding his cock while this conversation went on. "Jeremy, you had your fun and we let you fuck us the way you wanted. I'm not trying to be bossy about it like Miss-Stick-It-Up-My-Ass over here, but there's a part of this still on my bucket list. Would you let me 'ride' you around the room a little?"

"What, you want a piggy-back ride? You're too tall to ride on my back when I'm crawling around , and I don't think I'm strong enough."

The women started rolling around the floor laughing. Jeremy started to laugh too when he thought about it and realized what Joni meant.

"No, Jeremy, don't worry. I'll be doing all the work. All you have to do is lie there."

"But what about me?" Sarah pleaded.

"You don't think I'm going to ride his cock after her pulls it out of your ass, do you?" Joni said.

"Good point. Well, go ahead, but if you make him cum, I'm going to fuck you in the ass," Sarah replied.

"Whoaa!" Jeremy tossed his head back. "I'd like to see how that works."

"Well, go over to Sarah's sometime and she'll demonstrate with her husband!" Joni exclaimed.

"Man, this is getting too weird for me!"

"Joni!!" Sarah scolded. "Maybe a little too much information?"

"I guess so," Joni said. "C'mon Jeremy. Let me introduce you to your first cowgirl."

It would be too much information to tell them that she wouldn't be his first. His mom had that honor. Jeremy got up and allowed Joni to lead him to an open area of the floor and had him lie flat on his back.

With her feet flat on the floor, Joni straddled Jeremy. She took his huge cock in hand and guided it to her entrance. She panted as she rubbed his cock head along her lips.

"Oh, God! Here we go again!" Joni said. "You feel so good!"

She pushed the head inside and when her muscles gripped it, she slowly started to lower herself down.

"Ohh! I loved being filled like this!"

She got almost 10 inches of it in before gasping again and backing off.

"Can't take it all?" Sarah teased.

"He bumps against my cervix," Joni said. Jeremy had no idea what that meant.

As Joni raised and lowered herself, riding him as she said she would, Jeremy was impressed at how athletic she was. The muscles in those long legs tensed, showing the definition of her well-toned body. She was doing this the hard way, with her legs and back muscles supporting her weight and movement instead of resting on her knees for the ride. But this way, the only part of Jeremy that touched her was his cock.

That is, his cock and his hands. Jeremy rested her hands on her feet, and noticed how pretty they were. He wasn't at all one of those foot guys, but liked holding her feet and rubbing them while she rode him.

Jeremy's eyes took in her whole body and he appreciated the beauty and power of an athletic woman. When his eyes focused on her face, she was looking into his eyes with a look of intense pleasure on her face.

"You're really beautiful," Jeremy said.

Joni continued to ride him and said softly, "Thanks."

"Joni, don't go too far. I still get my turn," Sarah said.

"OK," Joni said.

She started to work her clit with her right hand.

"Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh!" Joni cried out, picking up the pace.

"Uhhhhh!" Jeremy grunted and tensed as her faster rhythm brought him close to the edge.

"Joni stop!" Sarah shouted.

Joni pulled herself off and rolled over on the floor in a fetal positing, with both hands buried between her legs. She continued to cry out a few more seconds until she brought herself off.

"Jeremy, that was fantastic!" Joni panted.

"I can't believe you could do that. Wasn't it hard on your legs?" Sarah asked.

"It hurt deliciously," Joni said. "Jeremy, can you come to my gym sometimes? When I need to do my squat exercises, I'd like to do them that way."

Sarah and Jeremy both laughed.

"That would be an interesting career," Jeremy said. "A piece of exercise equipment at a women's gym. I could do worse. I wonder what the pay would be?"

"I bid $100 an inch," Sarah offered.

Jeremy and Joni laughed again. "He's not a whore like you," Joni said.

"Speak for yourself, 'cowgirl,'" Sarah shot back.

"Will you girls behave?" Jeremy said. "Or am I going to have to spank you both?"

"Ahhhh. . . Sarah will do all the spanking around here," Joni said. "She's good at it, and quite experienced."

"Joni, too much information again!"

"Man, I touched a nerve again," Jeremy said.

"You get spanked if you're naughty," Sarah said.

"And we've all been naughty," Jeremy finished. "But maybe the naughtiest one should get spanked first."

"Well, I've got one more naughty thing to do," Sarah said, crawling over to Jeremy and taking his cock in hand.

In the interim, Jeremy's shaft had dropped a bit from its near-orgasm level. Sarah rectified that with her mouth.

When Jeremy was ready, she stopped and declared, "It's time, Jeremy. This will be a first for both of us. Or have you done a woman back there before?

"A FIRST for YOU," Joni shouted. "Don't make me laugh! Jeremy, she's had more cocks back there than you've had girlfriends."

"I mean a first time for me with someone this big," Sarah said, waving Jeremy's cock like a wand.

Jeremy didn't answer the question about whether it was going to be his first, but it was. He was a little worried about how messy this would be. It didn't want anything nasty on his dick.

"Don't worry, Jeremy, Sarah said, as if reading his mind and answering him. "I take extra steps to make sure I'm clean back here."

She had grabbed the Vaseline and was working a generous scoop of it back between her ass cheeks. Jeremy knew she was serious. He was even more sure when she took a gob and started working it into his cock.

"Ok, Jeremy, you have to take this slow and follow my direction. This is really a big deal for me – no pun intended. It's going to hurt, and you have to let me control that."

Sarah turned and put her head on the carpet, sticking her ass high in the air. Jeremy positioned himself behind her and Sarah reached back and spread her cheeks far apart.

"Joni, will you help me here? I'm going to need some support," Sarah said.

Joni positioned herself in front of Sarah, going face to face with her.

Jeremy placed his lubricated cock on her asshole and started to push.

"Slow. Slow," Sarah said. She released her cheeks and reached her arms forward and took Joni's hands in hers.

Jeremy had to push fairly hard against the resistance of her sphincter muscle.

"Ahhhh!" Sarah cried out as her as started to give way and open to the invasion. "Keep going, but slow!"

Jeremy felt the resistance, then the grip.

"Owww, owww, back off!" Sarah said. "Now go again!"

They went through that procedure one more time, and on Jeremy's third thrust, he managed to get past her resistance and penetrate the head of his cock inside.

"Owwww! God, you're stretching me! No! Don't pull out! Go slow!" Sarah clutched Joni's hands, squeezing hard. "God, that hurts!"

"It's what you wanted. You can do it," Joni said. "Jeremy, give it to her. She wants it to hurt."

Jeremy kept pushing deeper and deeper. Her asshole gripped his cock tighter than he expected. And she was hot inside. It felt good, and he plunged deeper.

"Oh, that's right! I was right; it hurts deliciously," Sarah said. "Ohh, it's crawling into me!"

"You're insane," Joni said. She kissed Sarah on the lips.

Jeremy was almost home now. He thrust forward a little harder at the end.

"Ahhhhhh!" Sarah screamed when she felt him fully in with his balls banging against her upturned pussy. "Stop! Don't pull out yet! Oh my God, Joni, I did it! He's all the way up my ass! Oh, it hurts so good! Ok, start to pull out."

Jeremy backed off as slowly as he went forward.

"Ohh, that feels good going out!"

When Jeremy felt the grip of her ass right behind his cock head again, he reversed course and plunged in again. Sarah moaned.

"Ohh! Fill me! Fill me!"

Jeremy went all the way in, then back out again, then moved faster.

"That's right! Fuck my ass! Fuck my ass!" Sarah thrust back at him as he moved forward. Jeremy made his strokes shorter, and they got into a rhythm. "Oh, that feels good now! Oh, Joni, this is the best ass-fucking ever!"

Jeremy thrust all the way in once more, bringing a cry of sudden pain from Sarah, then established a new rhythm, slapping his body against her ass cheeks, pulling about a third of his great length out, then slamming in again. Sarah got up on her elbows, but she stopped her backwards thrusts and just knelt and took it. Jeremy's balls were slapping against her cunt, and for the second time that afternoon, Sarah' breasts were swinging

.

Jeremy noticed how her asshole didn't grip him quite so tightly as it loosened up. Still, it was tighter than a woman's pussy, and felt good.

"Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhh!" Jeremy grunted, feeling his orgasm building inside. His balls tightened.

"Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Cum in my ass!" Sarah cried.

With a final thrust, Jeremy buried himself all the way in and emptied his balls 12 inches up Sarah's ass.

"Ohhhh!" Sarah cried, dropping down.

Jeremy slid himself out, noticing how Sarah's asshole did not close all the way, but remained open as if waiting for him to go back in.

Sarah turned on her side and put a hand between her butt cheeks.

"Oh, that was fabulous. My ass is going to be sore for a month!"

"Serves you right," Joni said. "Don't expect me to kiss it and make it better."

"You ought to try this, Joni. It hurts a lot, but, God, it's fun!"

"No thanks," Joni said.

"I think I'm all in for the day anyway," Jeremy said. "But that was fun. Thanks for letting me know what that feels like. I hope I didn't hurt you too bad."

"I love how you hurt me," Sarah cooed.

Jeremy picked up a hand towel Sarah had brought down with the Vaseline and cleaned himself off before tossing it to Sarah. Joni did the honors of cleaning up her friend.

"Well, thanks for coming over," Jeremy said. "You women are hot. I'll count this as my first three-way, if not my first outright orgy."

"Your second starts in an hour," Sarah said.

"No, I think I'm done. I'm going to go clean up."

"Thanks, Jeremy. You made two 30-something women very happy," Joni smiled.

Jeremy walked upstairs nude and went right to the shower, paying a lot of attention to his dick. As much fun as it was learning how to take a woman in the ass, he was still a little disgusted thinking of where his dick had been. When he finished, he jumped on his bed, grabbing his phone on the way down. He had a text message and a photo from Beth.

She was wearing her bridesmaid's dress and looked absolutely stunning.

"Miss you. It's a fun wedding, but I'd rather be with you. What have you been doing today? See you tomorrow?"

Jeremy's heart sank. He had been feeling a little proud of himself. He had surprised himself with the confidence he showed in demanding Sarah and Joni strip and have sex his way. That was really unlike him. He lost all his inhibitions and took part in a sex party with two beautiful women that was probably unlike anything any of his friends had ever done. That all made him feel very good about himself, and he had a great time having great sex, in ways he had never even imagined having.

But seeing that picture of the gorgeous Beth and her tender message made him realize he had just cheated on her. It didn't feel like that at the time, but if she knew about this, she would certainly look on it as cheating, and she'd be right.

Jeremy started to cry. It was Beth who had given him the confidence in himself, making this wild day possible. He wanted nothing more than to be with her that day; instead, he betrayed her.

When he composed himself a bit, he texted back.

"You're beautiful in that dress – and beautiful out of it! I miss you too and can't wait to see you tomorrow. Love you."

There. He said it for the first time in a text message, though regretted he didn't wait until they were face-to face.

He drifted off to sleep for a short time. When he got up, he got dressed in his room rather than go back downstairs to retrieve what he had been wearing. He didn't want to see Sarah and Joni again. He wanted to sneak down and find out where they were. He still had a good portion of the day to kill, but didn't know if he should leave them in the house alone.

From the top of the stairs, he thought he heard something coming from outside. Looking down from Wendy's room, he saw Sarah and Joni, outside on the deck in the rain. Sarah was dancing naked and squealing on the patio table, her red hair soaked with rainwater. Joni, equally naked, stood on the side looking up at her.

Jeremy's phone beeped. Message from Matt.

"What's up J?"

"Nothing much," Jeremy started to type. Looking down again he saw Sarah standing on the table with her legs spread and Joni kneeling on a chair facing her and eating her.

"Couple of leftover naked women playing on the deck in the rain if you're interested. I'm going to split."

"No shit?" Matt shot back as Jeremy was headed downstairs to get his car keys from his other pants.

"Sarah and Joni. Mom's gone. So am I."

"We're coming over," Matt responded.

"I don't care," Jeremy wrote from his car.

Jeremy didn't know where he was going. He just knew he had to get away from there, and he didn't want to know what might happen if his friends came over and found Sarah and Joni.

Jeremy ended up at his father's grave. Feeling depressed over his betrayal of Beth, he stood at the grave in the rain and choked back tears. He wasn't going to let his dad see him cry. Certainly none of this would have happened had dad not been killed in that industrial accident, but then mom wouldn't have had the money to live the way they did. How would his life have been different? Would he have grown up more confident under a father's guidance?

How much was he like his father? He heard enough comments over the years his mom made in conversations with friends and relatives to suspect his dad cheated on her, and was sometimes rough with her. Was he taking after his father by cheating on Beth? All he knew for sure was he inherited his particular "gift" from his father, and it had been the cause of this thing with his mom – and what led Beth to approach him.

He felt a growing anger at his mom. It wasn't right luring him to take his dad's place in her bedroom. If wasn't right for her to fuck Matt, or to set up a sex party between her friends and his. He had fooled himself into thinking what he and his mom shared together was somehow tender. It was really lurid and obscene. When he thought of tenderness, he thought of Beth.

Jeremy walked away from his dad's grave without any answers. He brought some beer with him from the house and drank it in the car at the cemetery. He and Beth texted back and forth. All he told her all he did that day was "miss you." She sent pictures of herself having a good time at the wedding dance. He wandered at the mall, grabbed a bite to eat and stared at his phone hoping to hear from her again.

In one of her last messages of the night, she texted.

"I caught the bouquet!" with a picture of herself holding it by her pretty face.

"What a great omen. Still miss you. Can't wait till you're back."

Jeremy went home late, hoping his mom would be in bed. Instead, she wasn't even home. He found the house straightened up. His clothes, left in the family room, were in his room folded on his bed. A note was on the dining room counter.

"Kate: Thanks! Come see us at Joni's and we'll tell you about it. Sarah."

Jeremy went to bed.

Although he got up at 11 in the morning, Jeremy found his mom at the counter, wearing her bathrobe. He knew she wasn't wearing anything underneath. It was her first step at another seduction, he thought. Jeremy resolved that this affair with his mother and her friends was over.

"Well, I'm glad to see you got plenty of rest. I think you probably needed it," Kate chirped as cheerfully as she could. In her mind, she was sure Jeremy would be walking on air, happy and appreciative of the gift of her friends, making up for her keeping Jeremy away from them before. She was ready to use his good mood to her advantage.

Jeremy grunted on his way to the refrigerator, scratching his balls through the thin boxer shorts he came downstairs wearing.

"Sarah and Joni didn't tell me everything. They just said you were fantastic and they both had these beautiful glows on their faces. They said Matt and Corey showed up just as they were leaving, but they were too sore from you. I'm sorry I missed this party."

"No you're not," Jeremy said, his head inside the refrigerator. He picked out a beer for breakfast. He stood up and looked at her. "You missed this 'party' on purpose. You invited them over so I could have sex with them, and took off so you weren't in the way, and Pam gave you the excuse you needed by being too timid to join in the orgy herself. Does that pretty much sum it up?"

In her mind, Kate dismissed Jeremy's slightly angry tone. Closer to the front of her mind was his choice for breakfast. It was his dad's choice when he got up in a dark mood. She knew what settled such a mood.

"Ok, you're right, Kate smiled, walking up to him. But my friends complained about me pulling you away and you complained about me pulling you away. I thought I would make it up to all of you."

Jeremy took a big gulp of the beer. He thought she probably meant well, but was missing the big picture of how this was all so out of control, and not what he really needed – or wanted – in his life.

"I know I complained, mom – but that's not the point." He felt conflicted, part of him boiling up in anger, part of him wanting to flee, part of him wanting to. . . but he wasn't his father, as much as his mom wanted him to be.


Kate slowly walked up to him and locked her hands behind his neck, looking up into his eyes. "You don't have to make a point, Jeremy. Did you have fun yesterday? From what I heard, you really took control and had a pretty hot time."

Kate slipped an arm around Jeremy's waist and walked with him from the refrigerator toward the dining room. "I did make a point to get lost, but I only meant that having that hot of a time is something that sounds fun to me too."

She turned to face Jeremy, pulled him closer with her right arm while her left hand traced down to his cock, a single finger running down its flaccid length over the shorts. It started to respond.

"Since I heard about it, I've been kind of anxious to feel what they felt," Kate said.

Jeremy sighed deeply, then stepped away and took a big slug of his beer. "What's wrong?" Kate asked.

"Do you really want to feel what they felt? Do you want to feel what Sarah felt?" Jeremy asked.

"Well, they didn't tell me everything, but they sure talked about how hot and intense it was. They were really surprised at how you took charge."

Jeremy walked away to the hall bathroom and returned with something in his hand, but Kate couldn't tell what it was. Jeremy reached around her and placed it on the counter, then grabbed the front of Kate's robe and jerked it open, revealing her breasts. He untied the rope at the waist, then pulled it off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. Kate stood in front of her son totally naked. She smiled slightly, giving Jeremy as sexy look.

"Do you want me to take charge like I did with them? Would that turn you on?" Jeremy asked. He reached up and grabbed Kate's nipples, squeezing them hard.

'Owww!" Kate responded. "Did Sarah teach you to get kinky or something?"

Jeremy pulled Kate a step forward and, pressing on her upper back, quickly had her bent over the dining room table.

"This has to stop, mom, and it's going to stop right now." He slapped her ass cheeks hard.

"Owwwwww! Jeremy!! What are you doing? She tried to stand up but a left hand on her back kept her down while he gave her a second firm spank.

"It all seemed so playful, giving my friends handjobs, and making me take one too while they held me down. Wasn't that bad enough? But what all did it lead to?" Jeremy's voice rose. He gave Kate two more spanks and she realized he was serious, and angry.

"You start seducing me, trying to get that BIG piece of dad back," Jeremy went on, slapping her ass again. "Then you fuck Matt. Yes, I heard about that!"

Jeremy started to spank her in earnest. Kate was shocked – not just that Jeremy would throw her over the table and spank her, but at how he had suddenly become a living image of his father, who bent her over the table or a chair back more than once. She recalled the first time, after he caught her giving a blowjob to one of his friends.

"Before you know it, you're setting up sex parties between my friends and yours, then set me up with your friends! What's next, mom? Joni seems to like girls as much as she likes guys. Are you waiting for my sister to get home from college so you can fix her up with Joni?"

Kate did not resist the spanking, responding as she used to with her late husband. She reached ahead of her and grabbed the edge of the table and braced herself. The table shook as Jeremy continued to hold her in place with his left hand and spank her ass hard with his right.

Jeremy's hand was getting sore. He reached over to the counter where some kitchen utensils were stored in a decorative vase, taking the wooden spoon.

"Ahhhh!" Kate cried out when she felt its sting. Jeremy alternated on each of her ass cheeks. "Jeremy! Please! I'm sorry! You're right! I've been horrible!"

"What's the matter, mom? You wanted me to be like dad, didn't you? Isn't this what you did to me whan I was naughty? Isn't this what dad did when you were bad?" Jeremy said. He didn't know why he blurted that out. It was just a hunch.

How did he know Jack used to spank her, Kate wondered.

After about a half dozen swats with the spoon on each cheek, the thin handle broke off and Kate was spared.

"Do you still want to feel what Sarah felt?" Jeremy asked, reaching back to the counter for something else. Kate realized what Jeremy had brought back from the bathroom when she felt a cold jell being spread between her ass cheeks. Jeremy kicked Kate's bare feet apart wider and rubbed the Vaseline on her asshole.

"Jeremy?? What are you going to do?"

"Sarah asked for this. In a way, you asked for it, too," Jeremy said, dropping his shorts.

Jeremy started to bring himself up with some strokes on his dick. Kate felt a wave of fear move through her whole being – not at the thought of the pain of what Jeremy planned to do, but the kind of fear one feels when seeing a ghost. This was exactly what happened with Jack, starting that first time when she blew his friend. Jack bent her over a table, spanked her ass hard, then gave her her first-ever ass fucking with that huge cock. Only he in his anger did not give her the benefit of any lubrication. When she was bad - and she acted like a slut a lot in those days before the kids were born - he would spank her, and end it with this indignity if he was angry enough.

How did Jeremy know this? And why was she submitting the way she would have with Jack? She knew she could have resisted this enough to prevent it. But she also knew Jeremy was right. In her own way, she asked for this, just as she asked for it by blowing Jack's friend so many years ago.

Jeremy positioned his cock between her ass cheeks and started to push. He was kind enough to go slow – not as slow as he did with Sarah, at her instructions, but far from the rapid, extremely painful push Kate felt at the thrust of his father.

Unprompted, Kate obediently reached back and spread her ass cheeks.

Jeremy penetrated past Kate's initial resistance, while she gritted her teeth and suppressed a cry of pain. She had not felt herself stretched like this since Jack died.

"Mmmmmmm!" Kate moaned with her lips tightly closed, trying her best to keep from screaming in pain. Tears were streaming down her cheeks, and she didn't know if it was from the pain, from her still-unsettled grief over the loss of Jack, or from Jeremy's justified words against her.

When Jeremy settled into a deep-thrusting rhythm, it started to feel good to Kate, who had braced herself with hands on the opposite edge of the table again.

Jeremy, meanwhile, didn't like the smell of this in more ways than one. He had let his anger at his mom overcome him. Something seemed to take possession of him, leading him to this awful scene. When he woke up that morning, he thought of nothing else but seeing Beth that day, trying hard not to think about the cheating on her he had been guilty of the day before. As he thrust in and out of Kate's upturned ass, he realized he was as complicit in this as she was.

Kate was getting close to orgasm. She always found submitting to Jack arousing and sometimes came when he punished her like this.

But Jeremy started to grow soft and pulled out, leaving her relieved of the stretching pain, but deprived of satisfaction.

"It's over, mom. I'm sorry I did that. I'm sorry about all of this, that any of it ever happened," Jeremy said, choking back tears himself. "But I can't go through with this. I don't need the sex with your friends, and especially not with you. I have a girlfriend now, the best looking girl in town, that even Matt doesn't have a shot at. She's the one I want. I deserve my own life. I don't want to be dad anymore."

Jeremy pulled up his shorts and walked away, heading straight for a quick shower.

Kate stood up and rubbed her sore ass. She took a cloth napkin from the table, wiped her tears, blew her nose, and wiped her tender ass. She felt terribly, terribly sad. When Jack punished her like this, she knew it would all be OK the next day. He always let it go. He spanked her when she was unfaithful, or trying to be unfaithful, but never beat her. He always turned from anger at her back to a loving but firm husband. But Kate knew this affair with Jeremy was over, as it should be. She missed Jack so much, but it wasn't fair for her to expect Jeremy to bring back part of him.

Kate walked nude to the living room, and to the corner where she had a shrine set up in memory of Jack, with pictures on each wall, and the flag that draped his coffin folded and in a case on a small round table.

Jeremy showered as quickly as he could, dressed and came down the stairs. His mom was still standing in the corner when he headed out the door.

He grabbed a beer from the refrigerator on his way out. He got in his car and tried to twist off the cap as he drove away, being reminded once more that this Totally Naked beer did not come with twist-off caps. One had to find the right tool to open it and see the white foam spout from the opening. But he had one on his keychain, for emergencies.

Jeremy pulled over, took the keys out of the car and opened his beer, taking a big gulp before restarting his engine and heading on down the road.

He took another drink and thought of how his disapproval of his mother had boiled over to anger, and how he had treated her shamelessly. He looked down at the beer, held in his left hand that also so held the steering wheel.

Jeremy heard enough of the hints and stories from his mom and sister over the years to know that his dad liked his beer too, and sometimes his fondness of beer affected his temper. Perhaps that huge cock that drew Jeremy so much attention was not the only thing he inherited from his father. Maybe he just picked up where his father left off.

Jeremy felt suddenly frightened. He had punished his own mother for having started all of this. He sensed how his father used to treat his mother, and felt from that instinct that it was OK for him to treat her that way, too. How long before he started thinking he needed to punish Beth?

Filled with horror at the thought, Jeremy slowed and pulled over again, weeping. This time there was no need to shut off his engine. He looked at the bottle of "Totally Naked" and decided he didn't need it. He didn't need the deck at his mom's house. He didn't need to fill in for his father and have sex with his mother; he didn't need to have sex with his mom's friends to satisfy their cravings, or his. He didn't need the beer that seemed to fuel his anger.

He needed Beth. And he needed to be a good man for her, better than his father was, and better than he had been lately.

Jeremy rolled down the window and hurled the bottle out, across the road into the opposite ditch. He drove on, leaving it behind. He headed for Beth, and couldn't get there, or to a new life in college with her, soon enough.

Back at Jeremy's mom's house, Kate stood with tears streaming down her cheeks. Jack used to make her stand in the corner after he punished her.

Now she stood there again, her ass bright red and blazing, her rectum sore and swollen. She wanted Jack back so badly, and almost had him. But he was gone forever, and it wasn't fair for her to expect their son to take his place. She deserved to feel this misery for having invited Jeremy to fill that void in her life. Kate could no longer stand, sinking to her knees and weeping bitterly when she recalled how she used to goad Jack into punishing her for her wanton behavior with other men. Lately, she pushed the envelope until her behavior goaded Jeremy into being both the other man, and his own father.

Jeremy was gone now, too – not from her life, but on to his own life. He deserved it, just as she deserved her shame.

It was time for Jeremy to move on.