Mom & Sis Drunk and Horny from CFNM
bySusanJillParker©

This is a Summer Lovin' contest story. Please vote.

*

Horny son has summertime fun with his whore of a mother and his slutty sister.

My name is John but my mother, Jenny, calls me Jack, probably because that was the name of my biological father, her prom date when she was only 18-years-old. Conceived in the backseat of a 1990 Pontiac Trans Am 24-years-ago, she gave birth to me nine months later when she was barely 19-years-old. Now 42-years-old but looking ten years younger, my Mom is a real MILF with a stripper's body and a movie star's face. She told me that before her prom date could put a ring on her finger to make me legitimate instead of the bastard that I am today, he joined the Marines, went off to war, and never returned. Being that she can't even remember his last name, she doesn't know if he's alive or dead.

My kid sister Emma, half-sister actually, was born two years later when my mother got a job stripping off her clothes while dancing around a pole for tips to support me. One of her special lap dance, private customers got her pregnant. Even then, with her having more than a few special lap dance customers, she doesn't know which one of her private customers was my sister's Daddy. Being that she was so fertile, my mother should have kept a notebook of who she had sex with when. I'm just glad she had her tubes tied with the birth of my sister. One bitch of a sister is enough.

A good looking woman who lived alone with two small kids without a job, unable to work and on welfare, she always had some man sniffing around her and willing to support her in exchange for sex. I guess men would rather give money to her than to waste their money at a strip club for a special lap dance from a stripper who had God knows what diseases. At least they saw that my Mom was trying to do the right thing by raising and caring for her children. Still, when seeing my Mom out in the world without us tagging behind, probably because she was so young and looked more like a teenager than she did a twenty-something-year-old, ex-stripper of a woman , one would never think that she had two kids.

* * * * *

As far back as I could remember, I'd hear her moaning and, whichever new man she was with, I'd hear him groaning while they had rock star, mattress squeaking, and head banging against the headboard sex. Humping one another so hard and so fast, my venetian blinds kept time with their humping by bumping against my window. Sexually excited listening to my mother having sex and being that I always wished that I could have rock star sex with her too, I never viewed her as a normal son would view his mother. Much like every other man she's been with and she's been with many, I viewed her as a sexual object to be lusted over and desired. Especially at my testosterone filled age, always horny, believing that sex is all that I wanted, I never considered that what I really wanted was to have incestuous sex with my mother.

Not a typical childhood and grateful for that, at least she didn't abort us or put us up for adoption. A loving mother, always cooking and cleaning, she always tried to make the best home that she could for us. Now that I'm of age and earn decent money, I help support her and my sister. It's the least that I can do for all that she's done for me in raising me and in making me the man that I am today.

Maybe because we don't share the same father but instead of her calling me John or Jack, my sister calls me jerk because she's a bitch. Notwithstanding her calling me names, the fact that I hate her doesn't stop me from spying on her and peeping on her while trying to see her naked. Then, whenever I see something of her that a brother shouldn't see of his sister, I ogle her while masturbating over her. Like mother like daughter, my sister is a good looking broad. Much like my mother, like mother like daughter, she has a wicked hot body. Again, much like my mother, like mother like daughter, she's a slut too.

* * * * *

After a long, cold, boring winter, summertime sexy fun is finally here. Today is the first day of summer.

"Hooray!"

A voyeur's dream come true, I love the summer's hot, humid weather where sexy, slutty women wear less clothes and show more skin. As if my voyeurism hibernated with the cold and with women wearing pants and pantyhose under their long skirts, the selfish bitches that they all are not to show their legs, women's exhibitionism was non-existent in the wintertime for the sake of them keeping warm. The summertime is the opposite with women taking it off instead of putting it on. Rather wanting to be cool than to be hot, oxymoronic to me, when they remove their clothes, the cooler they are the hotter they are.

No more coats and jackets to hold down short, light skirts that blow up with the summer breeze in the way of a loose leaf floating on a current of air. Short skirts with panties instead of pantyhose for me to see what I shouldn't see when women bend, stoop, sit, and climb up a flight of stairs ahead of me are my summertime memories to make. Low cut blouses, especially those without a bra, that give me down blouse, side blouse, and up blouse views are all part of my summertime, entertainment fun. Bathing suits that show too much and bikinis that show it all, summer is my best season to voyeur women.

"Women, women, women, I love hot, sexy women, especially and specifically my whore of a mother and my sexy, slutty sister."

Even with all of the women that there are out in the world, I don't know what it is about my mother and sister but I'm so very sexually attracted to them. If I could have sex with them, without hesitation, I would. If I could make them my sexy bitches and my sexual slaves, without thinking about the repercussions of having incestuous sex with my mother and sister, I would. But too confident and too strong willed, they have minds of their own. Being that as it may, going with the flow, anything to have sex with them, I wouldn't mind them making me their sexual slave.

They are two women who will never allow a man to control them. They are the ones who take the control by teasing men while flaunting men their hot bodies while acting so innocent by making their flashes appear accidental. Every day I masturbate over making love to my mother and fucking my sister. Every day I masturbate over imagining them blowing me. Wishing I could have an incestuous threesome, I'd love for my mother and sister to suck my cock while I fondled their big breasts and fingered their nipples.

In addition to it being the first day of summer, a day to celebrate semi-naked women, today is my slutty sister's twenty-first birthday. Never seeing it coming but hoping that one day it would, today is the day that changed my life forever. Never will I have another day to match this day. Masturbating about it daily, as if it all happened yesterday, I'll remember this first day of summer for the rest of my life.

* * * * *

"Happy birthday Emma," I said giving her a birthday card and a gift, some perfume, along with a kiss on her cheek.

When I kissed my sister's cheek, something I've never done before, being that I don't like her as a person, nonetheless my personal feelings for her, a flash of sexual excitement hit me in the way of a glass of cold water being thrown in my face. With the both of us growing up in a broken home and having a troubled childhood, it was then that I realized that I've never been as physically close to my sister as I was then when I kissed her cheek. Because she has such a smoking hot body with such a pretty face, I've always wanted my sister, ever since she turned eighteen but it was then that I wanted her in the way that I never wanted her before. Instead of her being my kid sister, she was a woman now and I was a man.

"Thank you Johnny," she said beaming and looking up at me with her big, blue eyes in the way that I imagined her looking up at me while on her knees with my big, hard, hairy cock buried in her sweet, pretty mouth.

Maybe because I gave her a gift, she called me Johnny instead of jerk. For the first time, she looked at me in the lustful way that I look at her. Perhaps wishful thinking on my part, maybe in the way that I had sexual feelings for her, she had sexual feelings for me too. It's amazing the things that go through my mind when sexually fantasizing about having sex with my naked sister and, for that matter, when thinking about having sex with my naked mother too. Suddenly, a sexual, incestuous fantasy like no other controlled my mind and I couldn't think of anything else but my mother and sister naked. Naked, naked, naked, I'd so love to see one or the other or the both of them naked.

Instead of kissing my sister on the cheek, I wished I could have lifted up her short skirt, pulled down her white, bikini panty, put her across my lap and paddled her round, firm, naked ass twenty-one times with another hard slap for good luck. I wonder what she'd say or do if I dared do that, pull up her short skirt, pull down her white, bikini panty, put her across my lap, and paddle her round, firm, naked ass twenty-one times with another hard slap for good luck. Would she like me doing that to her or would she be angry? Would it sexually excite her or would it gross her out that her brother spanked her naked ass?

"Wow!"

Just the thought of pulling up her short skirt gave me an erection. Just the thought of pulling down her white, bikini panty against her will made me wild with sexual desire for her. Just the thought of forcing her across my lap to slap her round, firm, naked ass made me wish that I could have sex with my sister. I had an erection just thinking about spanking my sister. I had an even harder erection just thinking about having crazy, wild sex with my sister after spanking her.

Setting the precedent, if only I could spank my sexy sister on her birthday, I imagined doing the same to my mother on her birthday. I imagined pulling up my mother's short skirt, pulling down her white bikini panty, putting her across my lap, and slapping her round, firm naked ass on her birthday too. As if I was really doing it instead of just thinking about doing it in my mind, I could really imagine her reaction if I did spank her naked ass. I could really imagine what she'd say if I spanked my mother on her birthday on her naked ass in the way that I wanted to spank my sister on her birthday on her naked ass too.

"Johnny? What the Hell are you doing?" I imagined my mother trying to turn away from me to deny me a peek of her panty clad ass when I pulled up her short skirt and held it there in place. "What the Hell has gotten into you? Put down my skirt this second," I imagined her saying with the back of her short skirt raised up to her lower back.

A futile attempt, I imagined her trying to swat my hand away. Another futile attempt, I imagined her trying to pull, turn, and twist away from my grasp.

"Relax mother. Today is your birthday. Happy birthday mother. I'm just giving you your birthday spanking," I imagined saying to her while reaching beneath her skirt to pull down her panties.

Then, in one sexually excited swipe, I imagined pulling down her panty all the way down to her ankles. As much as her pussy was exposed to me, there a sight to behold was my mother's shapely, naked, ass ready to be spanked. So round and so firm, this wasn't just anyone's ass, this was my mother's ass.

"Oh my God! How dare you pull down my panties?" Controlling her by tightly holding up and onto the back of her skirt hem, I imagined my mother feebly protesting while struggling to free herself from my horny hold. "Don't you dare look at my naked ass." Pushing on her upper back, I imagine bending her forward. "Don't you dare look at my pussy. I mean it Jack. Don't you dare look at your mother's cunt."

"It's okay mother. I'm not going to rape you. It's your birthday Mom. My birthday gift to you is forty-two slaps on your naked ass with one extra hard slap for good luck. Then, later, knowing how much being spanked will sexually excite you," I imagined saying while sliding a slow hand over her pussy lips and a stiff finger inside, "just like your slutty daughter did on her birthday, you can blow me."

* * * * *

Instead of kissing my sister on the cheek, I wanted to take her in my arms and French kiss her as if she was a woman I picked up at the bar and who had invited me home for hot sex. Instead of kissing my sister on her cheek, I wish I could have kissed her ass and tossed her salad before licking her pussy while reaching up to feel her big tits and finger her erect nipples. Instead of merely kissing my sister on her cheek for her birthday, I wish I could have made love to her and really pounded her pussy to give her a happy fucking birthday orgasm. I'd love to watch and hear my slutty sister cumming.

"Johnny! Oh Johnny. I'm going to cum. I'm cumming. Lick me faster. Finger me deeper. Don't stop. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God."

"Happy fucking birthday Emma," I imagined saying to her while she was still in her bed naked while reveling in the afterglow of having an orgasm.

"Oh Johnny, thank you. I've been so looking forward to this day, my birthday and the first day of summer, when you pound my pussy and give me a happy fucking birthday orgasm," I imagined her saying with wild, sexual enthusiasm while basking in her sexual afterglow.

"Is there something that I can do for you?" I imagined my sister feeling my erection through my jeans while looking up at me seductively.

"Yeah, you can suck my cock bitch," I imagined saying to her while unzipping myself, pulling out my cock, grabbing a handful of her hair, and jamming myself in her mouth. "Suck my cock Emma. Suck it. Suck it bitch. I need to cum in your mouth."

Alas, nothing more than a sexual fantasy that was motivated by her twenty-first birthday today and the first day of summer, I'd love to do to her all that I imagined doing to her. Instead of her being my bitchy, sexy, slutty sister, I wish I could make her my bitchy, sexy, slutty lover. A love/hate relationship, I suddenly wanted my sister in a way that I've never wanted my sister before and in the way that I've always wanted my mother. Consumed by incestuous sexual thoughts, if only my sister wanted me as much as I want her, I'd do her.

If only my mother wanted me as much as I want my mother, I'd do her too. In the way that so many men have experienced one or the other, if only I could have a threesome with my whore of a mother and slut of a sister, this summer would be the best summer ever and I'd be a happy man. Alas, knowing that I'd never have sex with my sister or with my mother, I knew it was all just a sexual fantasy. Alas, knowing a threesome with my sister and mother was out of the question, the only time I'd have sex with them is in my dreams. At the very least, being that the summer was finally here, I could ogle their nearly naked bodies out by the pool while masturbating myself in my room.

"Happy birthday Sis," I imagined holding my cock in my hand to show her my special birthday gift that I wrapped especially for her. "Think of my cock as a special Hostess Twinkie," I imagined saying to her. "I tied a bow around my cock for you to untie before you suck me to reveal the creamy surprise inside."

"Oh thank you Johnny. I can't wait to unwrap your cock and suck it. Yum, I can't wait to swallow your creamy surprise," I imagine Emma saying while being so appreciative of my birthday present and grateful to not only suck my cock but also to swallow my cum.

A family tradition, if only once a year on our birthdays, how hot would that be for my sister to suck my cock on her birthday and on my birthday too? What better birthday gift can I give my sister than having her blow me and what better birthday gift can my sister give me than by blowing me? I can't think of anything better than that either, unless it's to bang my sister and give her a Happy fucking Birthday orgasm. In the meantime, being that today is her birthday and being that I'm so tempted, how hot would that be for me to lift her short, skirt, pull down her white, bikini panty, and feel my hand all over her naked ass while spanking her?

'Slap! Slap! Slap!'

"Johnny! Don't. Let me go!"

If only I could, I'd slap her tight, little, naked ass.

'Slap! Slap! Slap!'

"Mom! Help!"

How hot would that be for me to so sexually abuse my sister on the pretense of giving her good luck birthday slaps?

'Slap! Slap! Slap!'

I can just hear her screaming now while struggling to get away from me.

"Johnny don't! Let me go! Stop it! Mom! Johnny pulled up my short skirt, pulled down my white, bikini panties, put me over his lap, and is spanking my naked ass," I imagined my sister calling for my mother to rescue her from me.

"That's nice dear," I imagined my mother saying. "I can't wait for my birthday when your brother does the same to me too. I can't wait for his birthday when I fall to my knees and suck his cock while seductively looking up at him with my big, blue eyes."

'Slap! Slap! Slap!'

Wishing I could see her with my big, hard, hairy cock in her beautiful mouth, I'd do anything to fuck my sister and to watch her suck me while looking up at me with her big, blue eyes.

"Johnny stop. You're hurting me. My ass is all red and sore."

'Slap! Slap! Slap!'

Alas, just a sexual fantasy, my sister, even the slut that she is, would never do me, her big brother, or allow me to do her. She'd never even allow me pull up her short skirt, pull down her white, bikini panty, pull her across my knee and allow me to slap her round, firm, naked ass twenty-one times with another hard slap for good luck.

'Slap! Slap! Slap!'

"Oh my God, Johnny, I'm going to cum," I imagined my sister being so sexually excited from me spanking her.

I'd so love to slap her naked ass twenty-one times.

'Slap! Slap! Slap!'

"Johnny! I'm cumming. I'm cumming."

I'd so love to give her one, hard, last slap as a good luck slap.

'Slap!'

"Ow! Asshole," I imagine her saying while rubbing her red ass.

* * * * *

Now of legal drinking age, no matter that she's been drinking for years already anyway, my whore of a mother took my slut of a sister, where else, to an all-male revue, strip club. Unbelievable with them being the sluts that they both are and with me being so horny, just what is my mother teaching my sister by bringing her to a strip club on her twenty-first birthday? A long time sexual fantasy, I just hoped to God that they'll come home so drunk and so horny that they won't know or care who I am and give me incestuous sex. A dream come true, I'd love to have sex with my drunken, naked mother and drunken, naked sister.

'Wow,' I thought to myself. 'Wouldn't that be something if they came home so drunk and so horny that they practically raped me instead of me having to rape them?'

Yet, much in the same way of the spanking their naked asses, knowing that would never happen either, nothing more than a sexual fantasy, it was exciting nonetheless to masturbate over the thoughts of having sex with my mother and my sister. If nothing else and at the very least I imagined, too drunk to notice while talking to me, maybe they'll strip naked in front of me while readying themselves for bed. Two for one, I'd love to compare my mother's naked body to my sister's naked body. With their adjoining bedroom doors wide open in the way they've been leaving their bedroom doors open lately while undressing, I imagined standing in between their bedroom doorways while watching them undress and stripping themselves naked in readiness for bed. Distracting them with conversation while staring at their naked bodies, I imagined asking them questions about their CFNM adventure.

As if watching a tennis match, going from watching my mother undressing to my watching my sister undressing, I imagined them both removing their blouses and short skirts to stand before me in their low cut bras and revealing bikini panties while telling me all that happened and all that they shamelessly did at the strip club. Then, mindlessly moving their hands behind their backs while incessantly talking while drunk, I imagined watching them remove their bras, first my mother and then my sister, first one cup and then the other, to show me their big tits. How hot would that be to see my mother and sister standing before me topless? Four breasts, four areolas, and four nipples, I'd love to see them both standing there topless at the same time. Then, as if synchronized swimmers or symbiotic strippers, with a downward push at the same instant, I imagined watching them remove their panties to show me their blonde, trimmed pussies and firm, round asses. 

"Wow! Naked, naked, naked, I wish I could see them both naked."

* * * * *

Having masturbated over the thoughts of my mother sucking me for years, visualizing her poised on her knees in front of me while looking up at me, I've always wanted her to blow me while I reached my horny hand down her nightgown to fondle her big tits and finger her hard nipples. Having imagined it so very many times while masturbating, I've always wondered what it would feel like to have my hard, hairy cock buried in my mother's warm, wet mouth while she stroked me, sucked me, and stared up at me with her big, blue eyes. I've always wondered what it would feel like to feel my mother in places where a son should never feel his mother as she sucked and stroked my cock.

While stroking me to an even harder erection, with a hand behind her blonde, pretty head, my sexy dream come true, I imagined shooting a warm, oozy load of cum in my mother's mouth and watching her swallow. If only just my sexual fantasy, it's one that I've masturbated to countless times over the years. If only just my sexual fantasy, I hoped to realize more than that tonight when my mother and sister return home drunk and horny from the CFNM club.

Having masturbated over the thoughts of having sex with my sister for years also, I've always wanted to fuck my baby sister. I've always wondered what it would feel like for my cock to be inside of her while I kissed and kissed her. She's got such a hot body and a tight, little ass that I'd love to pound her, really bang her pussy. In the same way that I'd love to see my mother on her knees, I'd give anything to see my sexy sister sucking my cock as I reached down her nightgown to feel her big tits and finger her hard nipples.

Like mother like daughter, in looking at my mother, no one would believe that she's forty-something and not thirty-something. I'd love to bend my mother over a table and fuck her like the whore that she is. It's always been my sexual fantasy to lift up her short skirt, pull down her white, bikini panties, and slide my cock deep inside my mother's cunt. It's always been my sexual dream to strip my mother naked while she feebly fights me and verbally protests. If only she'd allow me to fuck her, I would.

Getting my mother's genes, with her barely looking eighteen-years-old, no one would believe she was twenty-one-years-old today, of all days, the first day of another long, hot summer. In the same way that I'd love to do to my mother, I'd love to bend my sister over a table to fuck her like the bitch she is. It's always been my sexual fantasy to lift up her short skirt, pull down her white, bikini panties, and slide my cock deep inside my sister's pussy. It's always been my sexual dream to strip my sister naked while she feebly fights me and verbally protests. If only she'd allow me to fuck her, I would.

Maybe tonight or this morning, being that it's already after 1am, I'll have my chance to do one or the other or both of them together. How hot would that be to do mother and daughter together in an incestuous, sexual threesome. At the very least, maybe I'll get to see one or the other parading around in their underwear, their sheer, nearly see-through nightgown, topless, or even naked. Whether oblivious to me living there too or purposely teasing me, leaving their bedroom doors open while they dress and undress, they haven't been as careful as they should about their modesty lately.

I wonder what my sister would say or do if she caught me having sex with my mother. I wonder what my mother would say or do if she caught me having sex with my sister. I'd love to show one or the other, or both of them, my erect cock. Pulling out my cock in front of them to stroke myself as they stared, I'd love to masturbate myself in front of them. I'd love for them to watch me cum. A motherly hand job or a sisterly jerk off, maybe one or the other would give me a helping hand. Then, when ready to cum, maybe they'll allow me to cum all over their face and/or across their naked tits. When ready to cum, maybe one or the other will take me in their mouth and swallow.

Continuing my sexual fantasy while masturbating myself, I wondered what they'd do if they saw my big prick. Would they stare or would they look away? Would they reach out their hand to touch me, fondle me, and stroke me? Would they fall to their knees to suck me? Would they climb on the bed ready to fuck me? Realizing that it was just a sexual fantasy, I'll never have sex with my mother and/or my sister. Only, I wish I could.

Recently, they've both been having some sexy fun teasing me by flashing me up skirts and down blouses. Acting as if they didn't know that they're showing and pretending that they don't notice me looking, just as they are both exhibitionists, I'm a voyeur. As if sexually teasing me was their personal game to play or their private joke to make, they have no idea that they're playing with fire by making me so hot and horny. Maybe in sexually teasing me, they're waiting for me to make the next move. Maybe they both want me as much as I want them.

Leaving their bedroom doors open purposely or inadvertently while changing their clothes, they've been giving me nightly striptease shows before mildly protesting. Then, when I notice them undressing and stand there and stare too long, as if I'm the pervert and they're the innocent ones, they slam shut their bedroom door in my face. As if it was all my fault for looking at what they were so immodestly showing, at least seeing them in their bra and panty or topless gave me plenty of masturbation fodder.

* * * * *

With neither one of them shrinking violets or wallflowers, I imagined them having sex with strippers and the strippers sexually having their wicked ways with them in the way that I'd love to have my wicked way with my mother and sister. Imagining the both of them having sex, I spent the night wondering what they were doing and who they were doing while at the strip club. Being that they're both nasty whores, I know they weren't going there just to drink and to ogle the nearly naked men. I knew they were going there for sex. I could just imagine them sitting in a chair sucking the cock of whichever stripper walked over to them or sucking the cock of whichever stripper they knelt in front of while he held a towel behind their heads and while they stroked and sucked him.

Wishing I was a fly on the wall, I'd love to watch my mother and/or sister in sexual action. That would be so hot to watch my Mom and/or my sister suck some stranger's cock. Wishing I was a male stripper myself, I know what goes on in those CFNM clubs. I know the strippers have their cocks sucked while they have their wicked sexual ways with the ladies, a loosely based term, sarcastically used to describe their lack of morals by calling my mother and my sister ladies. If I was a male stripper and invited my Mom and sister to the club, a favorite fantasy of mine to have while masturbating, I wondered if they'd suck me while allowing me to grope them where a son should never grope his mother and/or sister. How hot would that be for my mother and/or sister to suck my cock under the pretense that I wasn't their son or brother but just another stripper?

Still so very horny, I spent the night masturbating without cumming to the thoughts of my mother on her knees and sucking the cock of a stripper while he reached his hand down her low cut blouse and inside her bra to feel her tits and finger her nipples. I wanted to cum but I didn't want to waste my cum, not now, not yet. I decided to save my cum in the hopes that my mother and/or sister would give me hot, incestuous sex, should they come home as horny as they'd be drunk and as horny as I was now.

Even though I so wanted to have incestuous sex with my mother and/or sister, I knew sex with my mother and/or sister would never happen. My Mom may be a whore and my sister a slut but they weren't incestuous whores and sluts. If they were incestuous whores and sluts, they would have given me hot sex a long time ago. Yet, if only I could, I'd have sex with my mother and/or with my sister.

* * * * *

My Mom has big tits and after seeing plenty of down blouse views and down nightgown glimpses of her cleavage and of most of her tits, I've always wanted to touch them, feel them, fondle them, caress them, and suck them while fingering, pulling, turning, twisting, and biting her big nipples. With her not sexually shy and with her working as a stripper when she was younger, I can't imagine how many hands touched and felt her big tits. I can't imagine how many men had their wicked, sexual way with her hot body. I can't imagine how many men she's sucked and fucked while earning a living as a stripper. She's such a whore but she's my Mom and I love her.

Imagining my sister laying on the stage floor on her back with her long, shapely legs wrapped around his broad, muscular back while being fucked by one of the strippers, I stroked my cock to the image of my sister having sex in public. I could just hear the other women cheering her on after finding out that today was her twenty-first birthday. I could just imagine her squirming around the dirty stage floor while being licked and fucked. After she sucked the cocks of a couple of strippers before being fucked herself, I could just see her sexually excited and hear her having an orgasm.

All of my friends and nearly every man that I know has been sexually intimate with my sister. She's such a slut. I wondered if my mother and/or sister would tell me all that happened at the CFNM strip club or if they'd be too embarrassed to tell me. I couldn't wait to hear the dirty, sexy details of all that happened so that I could masturbate over the imagined images of them having sex with the strippers. She's such a slut and a bitch but she's my little, kid sister and I love her.

* * * * *

Selling tickets at fifty bucks a pop and serving drinks at inflated prices, those CFNM clubs would make so much more money if they allowed men to watch what the women do. As if looking down on a hockey ring from the second floor balcony, I imagined a glassed off, soundproofed, darkened area where husbands and boyfriends are allowed to watch their wives and girlfriends through one way glass doing the strippers. How hot would that be? No doubt inhibited and not wanting their man to know that they're sexy sluts and dirty whores, women don't want their men to know what they do when they aren't around. Their dirty, little secret, actually with so many videos posted online, we don't have to imagine what happens at a CFNM strip club, we already know.

Yet, if only just for the sake of pillow talk, there are plenty of men who'd love to watch their women giving some hot, young, sexy, hard bodied, male stripper one-time sex. Imagine you fiancée being taking out by the women for a bachelorette party. With you thinking your bride to be is a virgin, imagine her sucking strippers and being fucked by strippers. How hot would that be to watch your wife, your girlfriend, your mother, and/or your sister being stripped naked and willingly giving men blowjobs before fucking them? Oh my God, I'd love to see some stripper strip my mother and/or sister naked. I'd love to watch my mother and/or sister having sex with the strippers. Fucking one while blowing another, with strippers taking turns, I'd love to watch my mother and/or my sister pull a stripper, gangbang train.

"Wow," I said for no one to hear while I continuing to stroke myself and while imagining my mother and sister having hot sex with the naked, male strippers.

I only hope they come home drunk. I only hope they come home horny. The only chance that I'll have of having sex with my mother and/or sister is if they come home drunk and horny.

* * * * *

"Finally, they're home," I said when hearing a car pull up to the house.

I turned off the TV and got up from my chair to look out the window. Able to hear them laughing through the closed windows of the cab, it was them coming home in a taxi. If they had gotten a ride home from someone and invited them in the house, ruining my hoped for plans of having incestuous sex with my drunken mother and sister, I was glad they didn't get a lift home from a couple of strippers. Obviously figuring that they'd be too drunk to drive, I was glad they took a cab there and home.

Worried about them coming home safely, especially if they had too much to drink, I was happy that they were home. Even though I've lusted over my mother and even though I hate my bitch of a sister, being that they are the only family that I have except for my Aunt Kathy, my mother's sister, and my Cousin Diane, I still love them. After being so horny all night while imagining what they were doing, I was happy they were home. I couldn't wait to ask them if they had a good time. I couldn't wait to question them while interrogating them as to what they did to the strippers and what the strippers did to them. I couldn't wait for them to tell me all that happened. I couldn't wait to masturbate later over all that they told me.

Wishing that I was drunk too, my excuse to meet them at the front door naked in hopes they'd take the hint, I so wanted to show them my erect cock. An immediate sexual fantasy to have, one that gave me an instant erection, I'd so love to greet them at the door with my cock in hand ready to masturbate in front of them while they told me all that they did. Pondering the idea of pretending that they had just awakened me from a sound sleep, it took all the self-control that I had for me not to strip off my clothes and meet them at the front door naked. Naked, naked, naked, I was horny enough to strip naked and exposed myself to them. Naked, naked, naked, I so wanted to show my mother and my sister my erection. Naked, naked, naked, I wondered how they'd react to me opening the door naked.

Having seen quick, furtive glimpses of my cock before, not a stretch of my incestuous imagination, they both knew that I sometimes sleep in the nude. With them possibly so drunk and so horny, as if I was one of the male strippers, I wondered what they'd do if they saw my hard prick sticking straight out to welcome them home. Maybe, hopefully, they'd ask me to give them a private show. With one or the other perhaps shy about one or the other watching me getting a blowjob from my sister or my mother, I'd so love to put a towel behind one of their heads after they've fallen to their knees.

* * * * *

As if watching someone else, instead of my drunken mother and sister, as if watching a porn movie, I watched them falling out of the cab talking and laughing. They were so drunk. With her short skirt hiked up to her crotch and her legs spread wide open in the way of Britney Spears emerging from a limousine without wearing panties, no doubt, my mother gave the cab driver a nice view between her legs from the backseat of the cab. Then as she climbed from the cab, my mother gave me a spread legged, up skirt, between her legs view while slowly alighting from the cab.

I wondered if my mother knew that I was looking. Did she know how much I could see of her? I wondered if she flashed me her pussy deliberately. Was she teasing me by flashing me her cunt on purpose? As if she was Britney Spears, Paris Hilton, Kim Kardashian, or Lindsay Lohan, after spending a drugged and drunken night on the town, she wasn't wearing any panties, the whore. God my mother is such a whore. Giving me so much to masturbate about, I'm so glad that my mother is a whore.

"Wow!"

'Yet, even though I deemed my mother a whore, so sexually enamored with the view of her pussy,' I thought to myself. 'What did that make me when I couldn't stop myself from staring between my mother's legs? Was I a whoremonger or just a perverted, incestuous son?'

She must have removed her panties in the club because noticing her panty line through her skirt when she was leaving, she was wearing panties when she left the house. Even though it was dark, it was still light enough outside to see what she was showing the whole neighborhood. As if looking at a Playboy magazine centerfold spread, literally and figuratively, instead of watching my mother climb out of the cab, I could clearly see her pussy from the shine of the street light.

From the light of the first day of summer's super, full moon that lit her up as if she was a prisoner at a police station standing in a lineup, I had no difficulty seeing my mother's cunt. If I could see my Mom's pussy, I knew the cab driver saw my Mom's pussy too. If I could see my mother's pussy from my bedroom window, I knew whichever neighbor who was still awake and/or who she had just awakened, with all of the noise of her coming home, could see her pussy too by just looking out their front window. Worried that something would happen to them, I was just glad they made it home in one piece.

Talking loudly and laughing hysterically, they barged in the front door as if they were two drunken ranch hands leaving a bar in Dodge City. In the way they acted, they made me laugh. Holding one another up with an arm around each other's waist and coming in the door singing, making me wish that I was drunk too, they seemed so happy that I wanted to share in their excitement too. With the blouses halfway unbuttoned and their cleavage and tops of their breasts exposed, I could only imagine how many male stripper's hands reached in their blouses to feel their big tits and finger their erect nipples while they stroked and sucked their cocks. I couldn't wait for them to tell me all that happened.

I wished that I was drunk with them. Using my drunkenness as my excuse, I'd be touching my mother and feeling my sister where no son should ever touch his mother and no brother should ever feel his sister. They must have had a really good time and I was happy that they were so happy. I couldn't wait for them to tell me all that happened. Figuring they were drunk enough, I hoped they'd strip off their clothes in front of me while telling me all the details. Only, hoping they were as horny as they were drunk, their drunken behavior added to my horniness.

* * * * *

"Jack!"

My mother surprised me when she threw her arms around my neck and looked me in the eyes as if to tell me that she wasn't drunk enough for her not to know that I was her son. Then, even though I was her son and she was my mother, she planted a big, wet kiss on my lips. My mother kissed me. I couldn't believe my mother just kissed me in the way she kisses all of her men.

Now no longer able to use the excuse for her incestuous behavior that she was too drunk to know who I was, she could still use the excuse that she was horny after attending the CFNM strip club. Then, perhaps with the alcohol removing what little sexual inhibitions she had, she looked at me again but this time in the way that she looks at other men. As if giving me the eye, she gave me a sexual look that my mother has never given me before. This time as if I wasn't her son and for that moment she wasn't my mother, she looked at me as if she knew that I wanted her. She looked at me to tell me that she wanted me too before revealing with her kiss that she had to have me.

Too hot to imagine, even in my wildest sexual fantasies of her, never has my mother kissed me like that before. Determined to demonstrate her sexual passion for me by French kissing me, not taking no for an answer, a sexy dream come true, I couldn't believe it when I felt her part my lips with her tongue. Lost in a sexual fantasy and difficult to tell if I was dreaming or if her kiss was real, my mother was French kissing me. As if she was trying to steal my gum with her tongue and as if she was my much older girlfriend instead of my Mom, my own fairy God mother of a cougar, my Mom continued French kissing me as if we were alone and my sister wasn't even there in the room with us. 

Her body was pressed tightly against mine in the way that I imagined her holding and hugging one of the strippers before kissing them. With not even room between us for her to slide a crisp, new, dollar bill down my pajama bottom in the way that I imagined her sliding a dollar bill in a stripper's G-string before feeling their cock, I couldn't believe my Mom was French kissing me. Certainly not a mother and son kiss, this wasn't just any French kiss. This was an opening up the door to incest between two consenting adults type of a kiss.

This was my mother giving me the permission to have my wicked way with her shapely body. This was a real French kiss between a man and a woman instead of between a whore of a mother and her horny son. This was a passion filled, I want to fuck your brains out after I suck your cock kind of French kiss. This was a French kiss that I'd give a woman on the dance floor at a club before taking her home for sex at her place. Yet this was my mother and not some slutty party girl French kissing me. No doubt, this one kiss would have everlasting ramifications. No doubt, I'll remember and masturbate over this kiss for the rest of my life.

Even if nothing else happened other than that hot, French kiss, even if my mother nor sister gave me sex, a longtime sexual fantasy of mine, I was content that my mother French kissed me. Adding to my masturbation fodder for later, I couldn't count how many times I fantasized over French kissing my mother while having sex with her. Yet, not wanting things to prematurely stop there with just a kiss, hoping for more but wanting to take control, I pushed my Mom up against the front door to return her kiss with my passion while pressing my hardening erection against her soft belly.

Something that I only thought I'd be doing in my sexual fantasies, I was dry humping my mother while French kissing her. As if we were dogs in the street and as if my next move was to strip her naked and make love to her before fucking her, with her returning my humps with her kisses, I continued dry humping my mother while kissing and kissing her. With her lips temporarily satisfying all of my incestuous lust for her, so preoccupied in French kissing my mother, lost in her kisses, I didn't even think to feel her curvaceous body. What was I thinking or not thinking? She was willingly giving her body to me and I didn't even so much as feel her tits.

Returning her passion with mine, in the way that I kissed my prom date as a horny 18-year-old senior in high school, I French kissed my mother. I couldn't believe that I was French kissing my mother. Figuring it would all end there with just a French kiss, I couldn't believe it when she reached her hand down and felt my erection through my pajama bottoms while kissing and kissing me. As jolting, mind evoking, and sexually provoking as it was exciting, my mother's hand felt my cock as if I was one of her lovers instead of her son.

She slowly felt the full length of my erection before she cupped my balls with the gentleness of a mother feeling my forehead for a fever. Teasing it and squeezing it, her manicured fingers felt so good on my hard cock even through my pajama bottoms but I was so hoping that she's reach her motherly hand inside and pull out my cock. Something I've wanted to experience for years and masturbated to while imagining my mother feeling my cock, it was then that I knew that she wanted me as much as I wanted her. No doubt about it, it was then that I realized I'd be having sex with my mother.

Obviously getting lucky tonight, by the mere fact that my mother was French kissing me while feeling the hardness of my cock through my pajama bottoms, I couldn't wait to strip her naked. Wishing she'd reach her hand inside, pull out my cock and stroke me before falling to her knees to suck me, instead she continued grabbing my stiff prick through my pajama bottoms as if she was holding onto her dildo. Having never touched my cock before, inside or outside of my clothes, something that I've always imagined her doing, my mother was feeling my cock now.

Having never touched and felt my mother before, as soon as she felt my cock, taking that as my personal invitation to respond in kind to touch and feel her, I felt her tits and fingered her nipples through her blouse. Never so sexual aroused with any woman as I was with my mother, my brain was on fire. A sexual fantasy overload come true, I was feeling my mother's tits and fingering her nipples while my mother was feeling my cock. I couldn't wait to feel my cock inside of my mother.

'Wow! Holy shit,' I thought to myself. 'I can't believe this is really happening.'

Even though I was enjoying myself immensely, in the back of my mind, creeping in with my guilty conscience, I couldn't help but wonder what kind of mother French kisses her son? Tit for cock, what kind of son French kisses his mother? More than just a kiss, what kind of mother feels her son's cock through his pajama bottoms? Unable to stop myself from touching her and feeling her, what kind of son feels his mother's tits and fingers her nipples through her blouse while kissing and kissing her?

Lost in a fever of incestuous desire, in that moment unable to tell up from down and right from wrong, she wasn't my mother and I wasn't her son. We were just a man and a woman about to have hot sex. Yet, if we continue to cross this forbidden line, if we go from here to the bedroom and have sex, with no turning back, what kind of people have we become? I didn't know and I didn't care. I just wanted to fuck my mother.

I couldn't help but think of all the trailer trash people who routinely appeared on Jerry Springer, sons lusting over their mothers and mothers having sex with their sons. Only we weren't like that. We weren't trailer trash. We weren't like them, I told myself while truly believing that there were extenuating circumstances that separated us from them. Having mitigating circumstances, our story was a different story than just a mother and son having sex. Our story was more of a love story, a son and mother so dependent upon one another that they can't imagine their lives without ever not being together, even in bed.

"I love you Jack," whispered my mother in my ear as if on cue.

"I love you Mom," I said responding in kind as if the word love was the key she needed to open her mouth to suck me and spread her legs to fuck me.

* * * * *

Not thinking about what's right and what's wrong until later, too sexually excited to even question the experience, especially after my mother told me that she loved me, I really didn't care what kind of mother and son we were. I was just glad that my mother had made the first move down the forbidden path to French kiss me and before feeling my cock through my pajamas. Sexually excited that she wasn't wearing a bra, a sexual fantasy come true, I was just glad that she allowed me to feel her tits and finger her nipples through her blouse without pushing my hand away and/or slapping my face. Just as I had a difficult time realizing that my mother was feeling my cock, I had a difficult time realizing that I was feeling my mother's big tits while fingering her hard nipples.

It was then that I knew that my mother wanted me to touch and feel her as much as I wanted my mother to touch and feel me. Hoping that it would go that far, I couldn't wait to get her in her bedroom, strip her naked, and make love to her. I couldn't wait to lick her while fingering her. I couldn't wait to fuck her, really fuck her. I couldn't wait to give her an orgasm. I couldn't wait to watch her and feel her coming while locked within one another's arms. After hearing her having sex with so many different men, it was my turn to give her venetian blind banging, rock star sex while she screamed her passion for me to hear.

"Jack! Don't stop. I'm cumming! Mommy's cumming," I imagined her saying while I pounded her pussy fast and hard.

Having seen enough down nightgowns of my mother and having routinely seen the impressions her erect nipples make through her nightgown, my mother has big tits and big nipples. Glad that she wasn't wearing a bra, I couldn't believe I was feeling my mother's big tits while fingering her erect nipples. I should have known that she wasn't but she surprised me that she wasn't wearing a bra. She was wearing a bra when she left the house and must have removed it at the CFNM club to give the strippers better access to her naked tits. God she's such a whore but I'm so glad that she is.

When I reached my hand inside her unbuttoned blouse and felt her breast and slid my finger across her erect nipple, first one and then the other, expecting her to do so, she surprised me when she didn't push my hand away. She surprised me when her kisses became more passionate as I felt and fondled her tits while fingering her nipples. So firm and yet so soft, the feel of her weighty breasts in my hand was just amazing. Allowing me to touch and feel her, it was amazing for her to French kiss me while she fondled my cock and while I felt her tits and fingered her nipples. I couldn't wait to strip her naked. I couldn't wait to get her in bed. I couldn't wait to fuck my mother.

As soon as I felt her big tits and fingered her hard nipples, her obvious erogenous zones, encouraging me to feel more of her, she squirmed and swooned. Making her more of a woman than just my mother, she surprised me with her sexual passion. She surprised me that she was as sexually aroused as I was. With her being my mother after all and me being her son, I still had a hard time believing that she wanted to have sex with me as much as I wanted to have sex with her. Was this real or was I dreaming?

With her allowing me to feel every curve of her shapely body unimpeded as if she was just wearing a flimsy nightgown, with her not wearing any underwear, no panties and no bra, I wondered if she had sex with a stripper. My mind was suddenly filled with my mother on her knees while sucking the cock of a stripper as he had his wicked way with her tits and her pussy. Maybe the reason why my mother was so horny was not only because she was drunk but also because she was so sexually aroused by the strippers. I couldn't wait for her to give me some hot pillow talk in sharing all of the details of what happened at the strip club. Obviously, even though she may have given some man an orgasm, he didn't return the favor. With me the beneficiary of her horniness, I was more than ready to give my mother what she wanted, an orgasm.

With her still fondling my cock and still French kissing me, a bold move on my part, I reached beneath her short skirt and between her legs to cup her naked pussy in my hand. Even while I was moving and positioning my hand between her legs, I couldn't believe that I was about to touch and feel my mother's cunt. Just as it was one thing for me to French kiss my mother, it was another thing for me to feel my mother's tits while fingering her nipples while she felt my cock. Yet, seemingly and entirely quite another thing, it was an even more serious, incestuous violation of her for me to feel her pussy.

An incestuous point of no return, going where no son should ever go with his mother, I was about to finger my mother's cunt. Becoming so turned on by her kisses and by her expert touch of my cock through my pajama bottoms, I cupped my mother's pussy in my right hand. There I felt her. Yet, as if poised at the precipice of opening Pandora's Box, afraid to move my finger for fear that I'd unleash her inner sexual beast, I was about to embark in the Devil's incestuous playground. Summoning the courage to part her clam, I couldn't even imagine wiggling my finger once inside of my mother. About to finger my mother, I couldn't believe I was touching and feeling my mother's cunt and about to part her pussy lips.

Such a bold move on my part and a sexual fantasy come true, while still feeling my mother's tits with one hand, I was feeling my mother's pussy with my other hand. I couldn't believe that I was holding my mother's blonde, trimmed, pubic haired cunt in the palm of my right hand. Having gone this far and no doubt believing that she would, I needed to know if she'd allow me to finger her. With a gentle but firm and deliberate swipe of my index finger, slowly moving my finger back and forth, as if my finger knew her combination, I traced the outside of her pussy lips before my finger parted her clam and fell deeper inside of her to feel her warm wetness.

Oh my God, as if I was dreaming this in a sexual fantasy, I couldn't believe that I was fingering my mother's cunt while kissing and kissing her and while feeling her tits and fingering her nipples as she continued fondling my cock. Her cunt was so wet that she made my cock so hard with the anticipation of licking her pussy before fucking her pussy and before having her suck my cock. Right there and right then, I was finally having sex with my mother.

Yet, I couldn't help but wonder if she was wet for me or if she was wet from having sex with the strippers? No matter who she was wet for, I fingered and teased her clit with my fingertip before pushing myself deeper inside of her to impale her pussy with my long, stiff finger. Tightening her hug around my neck, she gasped as my finger probed her deeper. As if I was her lover instead of her son and at this point I was her lover, I made my mother sexually gasp. Wow.

"Oh my God, Jack," she whispered in my ear. "You know just where and how to touch me."

A sexual fantasy come true, something that I always imagined doing, I couldn't believe that I was finger fucking my mother. Rubbing her clit, while pushing my finger deeper in and out, now that I was inside of my mother while she was French kissing me and still fondling my hard prick, I knew she was wet for me. I felt her wiggling her body while encouraging me to slide my finger deeper inside of her. In and out and all around, while rubbing her clit and wiggling my finger, I was probing and finger fucking my mother's pussy as if she was just another drunken woman that I picked up at a club.

Finally breaking off her kiss to breathe heavily in my ear as I still fingered her pussy, fondled her tits, and fingered her nipples, I felt her squirming her sexual desire for me. Then, when she stuck her tongue in my ear, telling me what I was wanting to hear, she whispered her desire for me.

"Fuck me Jack. Stick that big, hard cock in my warm, wet pussy. Make love to Mommy."

A son who always obeyed his mother, I couldn't wait to get her in her bedroom, strip off her clothes, and have sex with her. I needed to get my mother naked. I needed to see my mother naked. I needed to see her looking at me with sexual passion as I needed to look at her with incestuous horniness. Needing to make love to her first instead of fucking her, later, after I've had my loving way with her naked body, I'll really pound her pussy. Then, after we fucked, my longtime sexual fantasy come true, I needed for my mother to suck my cock while looking up at me with her big, blue eyes, so that I could put a gentle hand to the back of her head cum in her mouth.

* * * * *

"Hey, give me a turn," said my sexy sister interrupting us by pushing my mother out of the way.

As horny for me as I was horny for her, my sister was as horny as I imagined she'd be while having sex with the strippers. When Emma showed how much she wanted me, she inflamed my incestuous desire with passion for my sister as well as for my mother. She surprised the shit out of me when she pushed my mother out of the way to plant one on my lips. Just like mother like daughter, I couldn't believe my bitch of a slutty sister was French kissing me too. Then, when she reached down and felt my cock through my pajama bottoms in the way that my mother had just done, I took that as my invitation to feel her tits and finger her nipples through her blouse.

I knew she wasn't wearing a bra because I saw her bra sticking out of her pocketbook when she fell out of the cab, the slut. Reaching my horny hand down my sister's blouse in the way that I had just done with my mother, I felt, fondled, and caressed my sister's big boobs while pulling, turning, and twisting her nipples. The more that I felt her tits and fingered her nipples the more sexually aroused she became.

As much sexual passion that I had for my mother, I had even more for my sister. Obviously repressing my incestuous, sexual desire for my sister because I disliked her as a person, I put my feeling aside to feel her outrageously hot body. Firmer and softer than my mother's body, there was something that aroused me with having sex with my mother that having sex with my sister couldn't nearly approach. In the way that I felt so naughty doing my mother, I didn't feel the forbidden taboo for my sister that I felt for my mother. Nonetheless, had my mother not been first, I definitely would have more enjoyed making out with my sister.

Then, with my mother watching my sister's display of incestuous, sexual affection, shocking me even more, my sister did something that even my mother didn't do. She reached her hand inside my pajama bottoms, wrapped her fingers around me, pulled out my cock, and started stroking me. My sister was giving me a frigging hand job while French kissing me and while allowing me to feel her big tits and finger her hard nipples as my mother watched. As if it was all a sexy, incestuous dream, I couldn't believe that I was having sex not only with my mother but also with my sister. First my mother sexually attacked me and now my sister was having her turn.

'Wow! I don't believe this. This can't be happening,' I thought to myself while kissing my sister, feeling her tits, and fingered her nipples as she stroked my cock. 'I must be dreaming.'

Better than any incestuous, sexual fantasy that I've had of them while masturbating, I couldn't believe it. Unable to fully wrap my brain around the fact that I was finally living my sexual fantasy, I wish they had attended a strip club three years ago when my sister turned eighteen. Had they been like this three years ago, I'd already be fucking and licking them both by now and they'd be fucking and sucking me. Only, a time for everything, maybe we would have been tired of one another by now.

"Hey, don't hog him Emma. I want to have some sexy fun with him too," said my mother grabbing me by my arm, as if I was a pull toy or one of the strippers while pushing my sister away.

My mother and sister were fighting over me. Is this how they acted at the strip club fighting over the strippers? I couldn't believe my whore of a mother and my slut of a sister were fighting to have sex with me. When my sister tried claiming me for herself, my drunken mother pushed her drunken daughter out of the way again. When she did, Emma fell against the door and slumped to the floor in a sitting position in the corner with her skirt up to her waist and her legs spread wide open. Her blonde, trimmed pussy was exposed to my horny, incestuous eyes. The first time seeing my sister's pussy, I couldn't remove my eyes from staring in between her shapely legs.

'Damn,' I remember thinking. 'My sister's cunt is right there not ten feet away from me. Holy shit. I'd love to finger that. I love to lick that. I'd love to fuck that.'

Even though I so wanted to have sex with my mother, I couldn't help but stare at my sister's pussy. I so wanted to fall between her shapely legs and finger her while licking her before fucking her. With her long, shapely legs spread so wide open, she was showing me a lot of pink. The fact that her pussy was glistening told me that I had gotten to her by kissing her and feeling her big tits while fingering her nipples as she stroked my cock. Or who knows, maybe it was one of the strippers who got her so wet? Whether it was a stripper or me who had made my sister so horny, I was just glad that I was the beneficiary of her sexual excitement. As much as I imagined my sister blowing a stripper, I couldn't wait until she sucked my cock.

With my cock sticking straight out at eye level of my sister, something I always wanted to do, expose my erection to my sister, I watched her stare at my engorged prick. Better than any sexual fantasy that I've had of her, I never expected what she'd do next. As if she was alone in her room, I watched her reach her experienced hand between her legs and rub and finger herself while staring at my cock and while fingering her nipple through her blouse with her other hand. Something that I always wanted to do in front of her, masturbate myself to cum all over her face and tits, I couldn't believe that my slutty sister was masturbating herself in front of me.

Watching her masturbate herself made me want to pull away from the clutches of my mother to move my cock closer to my sister's mouth. With her masturbating herself over the sight of my cock, definitely, I knew she'd suck me. In the way that I now knew my mother would, I knew Emma would give me a blowjob too. No doubt, she'd allow me to cum in her mouth. Without question, she'd swallow my cum. Eager to hump her mouth and fuck her face, I couldn't wait for my sister to blow me.

Having my hands full in getting my sexy wishes, with one jealous over the other, as if reading my mind in my desire for my sister, my mother didn't waste any time in solidifying her sexual feelings for me. As if she's done this a hundred times before and certainly she has, she fell to her knees and took me in her mouth. Sucking my cock while stroking me, my Mom was blowing me. I couldn't believe my mother was sucking my cock. The warm, wetness of my mother's mouth was something that I could never have imagined no matter how many times I masturbated over the thoughts of her blowing me. An experienced cocksucker, immediately I felt her tongue going around the head of my cock as if her tongue was motorized.

A long time sexual fantasy come true, just as I couldn't believe my mother was French kissing me and feeling my cock while allowing me to have my horny way with her tits before allowing me to finger her pussy, I couldn't believe my mother was blowing me. My mother was blowing me while stroking my hard prick. Unable to wrap my mind around the fact that my mother was giving me a blowjob, I just stared down at her to watch her as if I was watching someone else receiving a blowjob. Then, as if she wanted me to cum in her mouth, she started sucking me longer and deeper me while stroking me harder and faster. Showing me her cock sucking skills, my mother was sucking my cock, really sucking my cock now. I've had more than a few blowjobs in my twenty-three years on the planet but I can say without hesitation and without reservation that the blowjob that my mother was giving me now was the best blowjob that I've ever had.

* * * * *

I imagined that I was one of the male strippers and my mother was sucking me in the way that I imagined she sucked him. Maybe because it was my mother on her knees and looking up at me with her big, bright, blue eyes while blowing me that her blowjob was so awesome and better than I had even imagined. As if I was someone else other than her son or perhaps because I was her son, maybe because my mother was so drunk and so horny was the reason why her blowjob was so passionately sexual. Maybe because my mother was so drunk and so horny that she finally revealed that she wanted me as much as I wanted her. Maybe because my mother was so drunk and so horny that she was sucking my cock with such brazen exuberance.

Making all of the cock sucking sounds that men love to hear to show that the woman wants to suck his cock as much as he wants her to suck his cock, this blowjob was truly magnificent and something that I'll be masturbating over the memory of it for the rest of my life. Passionately submitting herself to me as if I had just conquered her to make her my slave, I loved seeing my mother kneeling in front of me. I loved seeing my hard dick buried in my mother's mouth while she stroked me and while she looked up at me with her blue eyes to see if I was enjoying being sucked as much as she was enjoying sucking me. I loved watching my mother suck me while I reached down inside of her blouse to feel her tits and finger her nipples. Controlling myself from unloading a volume of cum, holding back to savor the moment longer, I couldn't wait to cum in her mouth.

"Suck me Mommy," I said removing my hand from her blouse to put my hand behind her head. "Suck my cock. Blow me, Mom," I said while reaching my hand down inside of her blouse again to feel her big tits and finger her hard nipples.

Bigger than my hand, her tits felt so big and her nipples felt so hard. More exciting that these were my mother's tits and not some woman's tits that I picked up at the bar, the fact that this was my mother sucking my cock added to my sexual excitement. Trying to hold back, I didn't want to cum in my mother's mouth. I mean, I really did want to put a gentle hand to the back of her blonde, pretty head and cum in my mother's mouth, I've always wanted to cum in my mother's mouth, but I was holding back to save my cum.

Needing to preserve my strength and conserve my energy and my sexual passion for my sister, who was still sitting in the corner with her legs spread while fingering herself to my mother sucking my cock, I wanted to fuck my sister first. I wanted to pound my sister's pussy before cumming in my mother's mouth. Moreover, if only for comparison sake, mother and daughter, I wanted to give my sister a crack at sucking my cock too. Making the most of this unprecedented, sexual opportunity, I need to save my strength to give my sister the brotherly fucking that she so deserved before switching off of her to fuck my mother. Going from one to the other in a threesome of incestuous possibilities, I couldn't wait to fuck them both.

After having intercourse with my sister, my plan was to fuck my mother, really fuck her hard and bang her with all the pent up passion that I've had for her. With not a chance of getting pregnant, my Mom had her tubes tied and she'd be safe for me to cum inside of her cunt. Yet first I so wanted to cum in her mouth, that is, after I fucked the both of them. Then, after I had intercourse with them both, I imagined them blowing me, really sucking me, until I came off in their mouths and we fell asleep naked. As if controlling them and making them my sexual possession, I needed to cum in both of their mouths.

I wondered what their reaction would be when waking up sober and seeing me in my mother's bed naked. Would they remember what happened? Would they hate me or would they embrace me? Would they be sexually excited or would they be shockingly embarrassed. Would they have sex with me again? Maybe this is something we can do over and again. Or would they throw me out of the house?

Maybe they wouldn't have the shocked reaction that I expected them to have. Maybe they both wanted me all along and after waiting patiently for me to make the next move, when I didn't, they did. Definitely, they could blame their incestuous passion on being sexually aroused by the strippers. Definitely, they could blame their incestuous passion on being drunk from all of the alcohol they consumed. Definitely, they could blame their incestuous passion on not only being aroused by the strippers but also by the alcohol. Yet whatever their excuse to give me incestuous sex, I knew the real reason for them wanting to have sex with me was because they wanted me as much as I wanted them.

* * * * *

As if they were two hired prostitutes paid to entertain me for the evening, my mother and sister took me by my hands to my mother's bedroom. My mother pushed me back on her king sized bed, while my sister pulled my pajama bottoms down and off. With me naked and my hard cock pointing straight up in the air, I watched my sister standing in the light from the hall that lit her up as if she was a stripper on stage. A sexual dream come true, I couldn't believe my sister was stripping for me. Finally just for me as if she was my sexy girlfriend instead of my sexy sister, she was removing her clothes. Finally, getting naked expressly just for me, she was about to give me hot sex.

She removed her blouse while my mother watched the sexy striptease show of my sister undressing. Then, she unbuttoned and unzipped, and shimmied herself out of her short, skirt. Having removed her panty and bra at the CFNM show, with only two articles of clothing left to remove, she was naked. Naked, naked, naked, my sister was naked. Naked, naked, naked, I was finally seeing my sister naked. Naked, naked, naked, I couldn't believe I was seeing my sister naked.

Ready to embrace my sister and feel her naked body in my arms, my mother interrupted us by standing to strip off her clothes too. Being that my Mom was once a professional stripper, she gave me a much sexier striptease show than my sister's striptease show. Gyrating her hips while staring at me lustfully, my mother had all the sexy moves of the professional stripper that she once was. Like mother like daughter, my mother only had two articles of clothing to remove, her low cut blouse and her short skirt and she was naked too.

Slowly and seductively removing her blouse and skirt, now she was naked too. Naked, naked, naked, my mother stood before me in the way she's stood before me naked as she did in all of my incestuous, sexual fantasies. Naked, naked, naked, my mother was naked. Naked, naked, naked, I couldn't believe I was seeing my mother naked. Ready to have sex with the both of them, my sexual fantasy come true, the three of us were naked and in bed together.

* * * * *

Being that it's been a longtime fantasy of mine to have sex with my mother, I started with my mother first. Kissing and kissing her, my hands were all over her big tits. Feeling them while fingering her nipples, I couldn't wait to suck her tits. Finally, my mouth was all over her big nipples while I reached down to rub and tease her clit before finger fucking her wet pussy. She was so wet. She was as wet as I was hard. Ready to lick my mother in the way that she sucked me, I worked my way down her body until I was positioned between her legs. About to lick while fingering my mother, I was on incestuous overload. Gently rubbing her clit, with a long lick here and a stiff finger fuck there, I had her squirming on the bed in no time.

Nothing could ever top what I was doing now by having a threesome with my whore of a mother and my slut of a sister. When I think of my best sexual day, I will remember this day above all others, even my Honeymoon, should I ever marry. Then, when I looked up to feel her tits and finger her nipples while eating her pussy, I was shocked at what I saw. Even topping the excitement that I felt seeing my sister and mother naked, even more exciting than my mother sucking my cock and my eating her pussy, I couldn't believe my eyes. Never expecting such an incestuous display, I couldn't believe my sister was making out with my mother.

"Oh my God," I said out loud.

They were French kissing. My sister and my mother were going at one another. Never would anyone suspect that they were mother and daughter. Instead, as if they were two lesbians in heat, they were really making out while feeling one another's tits and fingering one another's nipples. Seeing two women making love was somehow hotter than seeing a man making love to a woman. Women were so much more lovingly sexual than were men.

The sight of them locking lips added to my sexual excitement and, the recipient of my sexual, incestuous passion while eating my mother's pussy, I devoured my mother's cunt. Licking her while fingering her and while reaching up with my other hand to finger her nipples all the while I watched them making out, it didn't take my mother very long to have an orgasm. Rather than to mount my mother and fuck her then and there, I rolled over to my sister. It was my turn to eat my sister and my sister's turn to be fingered and licked.

While they were still making out and with my mother obviously enjoying her afterglow, I was fingering and licking my sister's natural, blonde pussy. With my hands positioned beneath her ass, I lifted her body to my lips. Breaking off their kiss, my sister took two big handfuls of my hair as I licked her pussy. I ate her as if I was a vampire sucking on someone's neck. My little sister is such a slut and she was wiggling, squirming, and verbalizing her enjoyment of me eating her while my mother rested on her elbow to watch her daughter with her son.

"Eat me Johnny. Eat me," said my sister. "Lick my pussy big brother."

As far as I can remember that was one of the few times she called me Johnny, when I gave her a birthday gift and when I was licking her cunt. Most times she calls me jerk.

"Lick her pussy Jack. Eat your sister," said my mother. "More tongue. Let me see some tongue. Lick her Jack, lick her. Finger fuck your sister."

With my Mom coaching my having cunnilingus with my sister, for the first time in a long time, I felt good that we were finally doing something as a family, even if it was having forbidden, incestuous sex.

"Oh my God, Mommy, I'm going to cum," said my sister taking my mother's hand in hers as if she was about to deliver a baby.

"More finger Jack. More finger. Finger fuck your sister Jack. Deeper, faster, finger fuck your sister. Really ram your finger up inside of her," said my Mom.

As if I was Scottie on the USS Enterprise, I had the sudden urge to respond, "Aye, Aye Captain."

"Oh, oh, oh! I'm cumming. I'm cumming. Mommy I'm cumming. Johnny lick my clit faster. Lick my clit harder," said Emma. "Oh my God, I'm cumming."

As soon as I was temporarily done with my sister, I focused on my mother. With my sister still reveling in the afterglow of having orgasmic sex, something that I was destined to do, I finally mounted my mother. Immediately, I felt my mother's hand reach down to position my cock in her pussy. This was it. I was finally about to have sexual intercourse with my mother.

Sliding right in, it was as if I was born to fuck my mother. So warm and so wet, I felt her pussy muscles latch onto my cock as if she had an alien hand inside of her. Without a doubt, this was a woman who had been fucked many times before. Slowly but steadily, as if I was glued inside of her, I humped my mother while she returned my passion with her humps. Unbelievably, I was having sexual intercourse with my Mom. I couldn't believe I was fucking my Mom. Humping her harder and humping her faster, we developed a rhythm. In between her praying to God, I had her calling my name in no time.

"Oh my God! Oh my God! Jack, oh my God. Fuck me. Fuck Mommy, Jack. Hump me harder. Hump me faster. Fuck Mommy. Fuck Mommy. Fuck me Jack. Fuck me. Jack! Jack! Jack!"

With her calling my name, I couldn't help but wonder if she was fucking me, her son, or if she was fucking Jack, her prom date from twenty-four years ago. Just as my sister did with me eating her and just as my mother did with me eating her, my mother had another orgasm from me fucking her. Still able to hold back, not wanting to cum just yet, I wanted to cum in either my mother or my sister's mouth first. Now that I was finished making love and fucking my mother, it was time to make love before fucking my sister. For all the times she called me names, for all the times she was mean to me, and for all the times she was such a bitch, I wanted to put her in her place by mounting her and fucking her like the bitch she is.

Only, she surprised me. Instead of allowing me to mount her, she mounted me. She reached down and inserted my cock inside her wet pussy as if I was her personal dildo. Sitting on top of me as if I was the mechanical bull at the bar, she rode me. Forget about making love to me, my baby sister was fucking me, really fucking me. Pounding me into the mattress, I watched her big tits bounce as if she was on a bucking bronco. Finally, able to harness them both in my big hands, I held my sister's tits while she held my cock in her pussy. Much tighter than my mother, I feared she'd make me cum. Yet, thinking of baseball, anything but fucking my kid sister, I was able to save my cum when my sister had another orgasm.

"Fuck me! Oh my God, Johnny. You're going to make me cum again. I don't fucking believe this. Don't stop. Faster. Harder. Oh my God Johnny. Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Don't stop. Oh my God don't stop. Oh, oh, oh!"

* * * * *

She collapsed in a sweaty heap and the three of us laid there breathing heavily. Never have I had sex with two women at the same time and for me to have sex with not only my mother but also my sister was unbelievable. We stayed like that for some time until my mother spoke.

"Did you cum?" Such an odd question for a mother to ask her son, my mother looked at me with motherly concern.

"No," I said sounding disappointed but sexually excited at the same time.

"Emma," said my mother lifting her head to look at my sister. "Your brother didn't cum."

"He didn't?" She looked at me before looking at my mother. "He got me off twice, once with his mouth and a second time with his cock," said Emma still swooning.

"Me too," said my mother. "He gave me two wonderful orgasms."

"That's not fair that Johnny didn't cum," said my sister.

My mother leaned over to me to whisper her words in my ear while slowly stroking my cock.

"Would you like Mommy to suck you?"

"Yes," I said.

"Can I suck you too Johnny?" My sister looked at me as if she'd be disappointed if I said no.

"Sure," I said.

'If I died and went to Heaven now, that is, as soon as my mother and sister made me cum, I'd die a happy man,' I thought. 'Surely after having sex with my whore of a mother and my slut of a sister on my sister's twenty-first birthday, the first day of summer, albeit now that it was the next day already, I'll remember this day for the rest of my life.'

As if I was in my room masturbating while having a sexual fantasy, if it wasn't enough that my mother was sucking me, it was crazy that my sister was sucking me too. With both women sucking my cock nearly at the same time, syncopating their sucking actions, whenever their lips met, they stopped sucking me to French kiss while still stroking me. Then, my mother really started sucking me. Taking me in deeper while stroking me faster, as if teaching her daughter how to give a better blowjob, she only stopped sucking me to give Emma a turn. Obviously ready to please me as much as her mother, Emma copied my mother's moves when sucking my cock. After a while I couldn't tell one from the other.

"Tell me when you're ready to cum," said my mother, "so that we both can put our mouths on your cock and you can cum in both of our mouths at the same time."

After she said that to me, inviting me to cum in both their mouths at the same time, unable to hold back any longer, I couldn't wait to cum in not only my mother's mouth but also my sister's mouth too.

"I'm ready," I said.

With that, with my mother on the left side of my stiff prick and my sister on the right side, they took turns sucking me. First I ejaculated in my mother's mouth and then I ejaculated in my sister's mouth. Still sexually excited, even after cumming a warm, oozy bucket full in my mother's and sister's mouths, as soon as my sister released my cock from her mouth and swallowed my cum, I shot a load of cum across my sister's face and all over my mother's tits. Never in my life have I ejaculated so much cum.

After having this first, unexpected, albeit long awaited, incestuous sex with my mother and sister, if the first day of summer was already like this, I could only imagine what the rest of the summer would be like. For sure, with me and my sister in my mother's bed, this would be one sizzling, sexy, steamy summer.

Only just one more thing. It wouldn't be an official birthday celebration without giving my sister her twenty-one birthday slaps on her ass, plus an extra one for good luck, something I've always wanted to do. Just in case my mother felt bad for my sister and interceded on her behalf, I waited until my mother got up from bed to go to the bathroom. I coaxed my sister to move from her back to her stomach, not an easy thing to do when she was still so comfortable in the afterglow of sex. With me directing my attention to her shapely, firm ass, perhaps she thought I was going to have some ass play with her but as soon as she turned over, I slapped her hard.

"One," I said holding her in place with a heavy hand.

"Ow Johnny that hurt."

"Two," I said.

"Fuck! What are you doing?"

"I'm giving you your birthday slaps. Three!"

"Oh no you're not," she said moving her hand there to protect her naked ass but I moved it away before trying to squirm away but I put her back in her place.

"Four!"

"Jesus Johnny, stop slapping me."

"Five!"

"Mom!"

"Six!"

"Mom?"

"Seven?"

"What? I'm in the bathroom."

"Eight!"

"Johnny is spanking me."

"Nine!"

"What? I can't hear you over the bathroom fan."

"Ten!"

"Johnny is spanking me," yelled my sister.

"Eleven!"

"That's nice dear."

"Twelve!"

"That's nice?"

"Thirteen!"

"I can't wait until he spanks me for my birthday," said my Mom laughing.

"Fourteen!"

"Stop it Johnny," she said looking as if she was about to cry.

"Fifteen!"

"You're hurting me," she said with a tinge of sexual excitement.

"Sixteen!"

"Oh Johnny."

"Eighteen!"

"Slap me harder," she said wiggling her ass.

"Nineteen!"

"Slap me again lover," she said.

"Twenty!"

"Fuck! That hurts so bad that it feels so good."

"Twenty-one!"

"I going to cum. I swear to God I'm going to cum."

"And an extra slap for your birthday. Happy birthday Emma."

"Fuck me Johnny. Fuck me hard. Make me your bitch," she said.

THE END

This is a Summer Lovin' contest story. Please vote. 