Michelle Finds Out
by0ra11yfix8ed©

This story is about mild female domination. It is pure fantasy. While not purely CFNM it will be, you just have to start somewhere? If you care to comment and/or chat about the topic I truely appreciate all sincere responces. Criticism is welcome unless of course it is mean spirited.



"Is that it, dear? Is that what's bothering you? You don't have a problem little girl, you have an opportunity!" Michelle's mother was trying to calm her but she kept sobbing.

"Oh, Mommy, I just don't understand men. I thought we were so happy and then this!" Michelle had seen her husband of just three weeks masturbating the previous evening and she was upset. It made her start crying just thinking about it.

"Calm down, Micki dear, just take a deep breath and tell me exactly what you saw."

"It's so embarrassing....we have sex twice a day and then I see him doing that."

"Exactly what was he doing, Michelle Louise! Calm down and tell me what you saw. I can't help you if I don't know the details."

When Michelle's mother used both her names she knew she was serious. "Well,... I was preparing dinner like I always do.... and Allen came home from work,...right on time...and he said he wanted to take a shower like he does every day...and I went upstairs to get a book I left in our home office...and that's when I saw him!"

'Yes, dear, doing what?"

"He was naked, sitting at the computer, and ...you...know..."

"Was he jacking-off, dear?"

"Oh Mommy! You make it sound so vulgar."

"It is, dear. Vulgar just means common, crude, coarse. We could say he was masturbating but he was pulling his puddin in my book!"

"You never talked like that, before."

"Well maybe I should have, dear. I guess I sheltered you too much. If you had a brother it might be different but now that you are a woman, a married woman at that, it's time for me to make up for lost time. Some men are very sensitive; I mean they have very sensitive genitals... cocks."

"Mother!"

"I know, dear, I've always been rather clinical when talking about sex with you but lately I've discovered a few things about life and sex and men and women and...let's just say I am more comfortable talking dirty. Besides, it makes me a little horny!"

"Mother!"

"So, go on, he was sitting at your computer, reading something and jacking off. What did you do?"

"Nothing."

"How long did you watch him?"

"I don't know, a minute or two maybe."

"Did you rub your pussy?

"Mother, really!"

"Well..." You did, didn't you! Watching him jack-off made your pussy tingle and you played with yourself while you watched him. It made you horny didn't it!"

"Yes, Mother." Michelle quietly admitted.

"Honey, I don't think you have a problem at all. Allen just is afraid that he will cum too soon so he is only trying to take the edge off. He really wants to please you!"

"Do you really think so?"

"Let's check your computer to see what makes him horny. Then we'll know what to do.

Together they climbed the stairs to Michelle's home office. "Show me what you saw."

"Well, the door was open a little, just like this. Allen was seated over there, with his back to the door."

"I see...and you watched him from the hallway?"

"Yes."

"Did he ever look back?"

"No, but he did sort of lean back and sort of look off in the distance and kind of lick his lips."

"You noticed quite a bit, dear, but did you notice him watching you in this mirror?"

"Oh, Mother! No, I never saw that, my eyes were glued to his arm stroking up and down."

"Michelle, honey, I think Allen is a little bit of an exhibitionist, and I think he wants you to catch him.

"Why?"

"For one thing, he didn't close the door. Let's check his internet history.

Together they opened his browser and found that Allen had indeed been reading porn. Lot's of porn. They found stories like "Leo and Nature", "Ms. Andre Does My Dad", "Exposed by Wife", "Thank-you, Lisa", "How I met Your Mother". and "Who's the Boss Here". In each of the stories they found common elements; naked men, clothed women and masturbation, sometimes reluctant or coerced.

"These stories seem to indicate that Allen wants you to assume a little control, Michelle."

"But that's so unlike him, Mother. Allen's not like that!"

"On the outside you are right. In public, at work, with his buddies Allen is all man. But he is under a lot of stress, he longs to let go, he wants you to take control, at least a little."

"But how do I know how much, or what to do?"

"Michelle, Allen wants more than a wife; he wants you to be his Mistress. There is an old adage, dear; a good wife is a lady to the world, a chef in the kitchen and a whore in the bedroom. Besides, he will set the limits; he will let you know if you push him too much. Remember in any dominant/submissive relationship it's always the submissive that sets the limits"

"But how do I take control?"

"Why don't we make a copy of 'Leo and Nature" and we'll work out a plan!"

Michelle and her mother studied Allen's reading material and by Friday evening she was ready. She dressed in a long sleeve white blouse with lace cuffs and collar and a floor length plaid skirt. Underneath she wore a white lace teddy and thigh high white stockings. A dainty white apron completed her outfit. She was seated on the couch, reading, one leg crossed over her knee, her black pump dangling from her toes when Allen entered.

"Hi Honey! How was your day?" It had become his standard greeting. "I'm going to take a shower, I feel really grubby!"

"Horny is more like it." She thought.

"Dinner will be a little late, dear. We're having fish and I forgot to take it out to thaw."

"That's OK; I'll take my time and enjoy the shower."

"Yes you will, lover, yes you will." She thought.

Michelle gave her husband a few minutes to get comfortable and the quietly climbed the stairs, when she reached the spare bed room she checked to see that he was indeed jacking off and then gave the door a gentle push. The quiet creaking of a tight hinge startled him. "What is the meaning of this?" She asked in her sternest voice, trying not to laugh at his reaction.

"I'm just checking my e-mail." He stammered.

"Like hell you are, you're reading porn, aren't you?"

"No, dear..."

"Let me see." She pushed him away from the desk. Just what do you call "Tommy has a Babysitter" and what is Literotica?"

"It's not what you think, dear."

"I think you're jacking-off Allen, and I think this is porn, am I wrong?"

"Well not when you put it like that, but...."

"There are no buts here, Allen. Well," she smirked, "there is your butt. It's kind of cute actually. You've been naughty; Allen and naughty boys get spanked." She grabbed his wrist and pulled him over to the bed. Pulling her skirt up to her waist she exposed her stocking covered thighs. "On my lap, right now you bad boy." Allen meekly allowed her to pull him over her knees. She tucked his penis between her legs and put her arm under his chin to grab his arm pit and pull him closer. With her free hand she slapped his butt. "Now, tell me hat you were doing and why."

Allen couldn't believe how mad she sounded. "Honey, please..."

"Don't honey me you little pervert!" She scolded. Tell me what you were doing."

"I was just reading...."

"I saw that and I saw something else, you were playing with yourself, weren't you?" She slapped him three more times, harder each time."

"Well....maybe....just a little..."

"Allen, you leave me no choice!" She opened the nightstand drawer and took out a hair brush her mother suggested she hide there. She gave him four quick hard swats. With each swat his hips twitched and his penis rubbed against her stocking covered legs.

"Michelle, Honey... please stop... that hurts! Ok, I was jacking-off!"

"Quit fucking my legs you degenerate: don't you dare cum on my nice new stockings!" Six more times she spanked him. "Why, aren't you getting enough?"

"I'm sorry!" He sobbed. "I did it to make you happy!"

She spanked him again. "How is that supposed to make me happy, you pervert?"

"Sweetheart, you make me so excited, I thought I could last longer." He was sobbing, tears rolling down his cheeks. "I'm sorry."

"You are a sorry little boy, Allen! You should be ashamed. I don't know what I'm going to do with you but I'll decide after dinner." She pushed him off her lap, adjusted her skirt and stood up.

Allen blushed and picked up his towel. "You won't need that, dear. At least not until you explain yourself better, now go downstairs and finish preparing our dinner. Turn around, dear; you'll need this!" She put the apron around her husband's waist.

Michelle seated herself at their dining room table as Allen prepared their plates. She had started a baked Creole seafood dish along accompanied by tossed salad with honey mustard dressing and freshly baled dinner rolls. When Allen began to pour the wine, a sauvignon blanc, Michelle chastised him, "None for you tonight, dear. You've been a naughty boy and naughty boys don't deserve wine."

Allen was disappointed but didn't protest. They ate their dinner in silence and as Michelle excused herself she quietly instructed her husband, "It would be nice of you to clear the table, dear, and do the dishes. When you've finished you can join me in the living room where we can continue our discussion.

While Allen worked Michelle called her mother. "It went just as you said it would. He just meekly went over my knees. His penis... yes mother, his cock just kept fucking my thighs as I spanked him..... No!... Mother! He didn't cum on my legs! What ever made you think of such a thing?.... Oh, Mother....Daddy didn't!... Really! Well, anyway..when he finally confessed he was sobbing and very contrite....Yes, Mother...he's doing the dishes right now. When he's done I'm going to make him read that story we found, 'Leo and Nature', and then, if he hasn't cum already I'll masturbate....yes Mother, ...I'll jack him off! He's finishing the kitchen now, Mother, gotta go, I'll call you later.

"The kitchen is clean, dear. Can I get dressed now?

"No, Allen, you can't. I think you will be spending quite a bit of time without your clothes; it helps me monitor your penis! Excuse me, my penis. Until I can trust you again I want to be able to see whether or not you need help controlling your urges. Now, come massage my feet. But before you do refill my glass, for some reason the wine is very good tonight." Michelle watched Allen's butt as he returned to the kitchen; it was bright red and she felt satisfied, so far.

Allen returned with more wine. "Thank-you, dear. You can leave the apron in the kitchen." Allen returned briefly to the kitchen and took off the apron; completely naked he returned to the living room. "Now rub my feet, they're a little swollen." He knelt before her and started kneading the soles of her feet. While he worked on one she let the other rest on his penis. She watched his reaction as she pushed his semi-erect member against his lower tummy. "Do you like that, dear?" She said softly.

"Oh.h.h Ye.s.s." He sighed.

She smiled a knowing smile. "I thought you might." She picked up a small sheaf of papers and thrust them at him. "What is this, Allen?" She challenged. He blushed. Her voice raised, "It's a simple question, dear, answer me and tell the truth!" She wasn't shouting but her tone was stern. "What is this?"

"It's a story I read a few days ago."

Michelle had already read the story, three times in fact. She knew what it was about and she found it somewhat exciting herself but she asked anyway, just to embarrass her husband. "What is it about?"

Allen took a long slow breath, he knew she would make him talk about this eventually so he might as well take the plunge and humor her. "It's about a man who is lonely and goes out in a park and masturbates and is caught by a lonely woman who then helps him cum."

"That's the whole story?"

"Yes, dear."

"I don't get it. What's so interesting to you about that?"

"I don't know, dear."

"Really?"

"Yes, dear."

"Then I think you'd better read it to me. Maybe I'll be able to understand better if your little horny meter is working properly." She held his penis between her feet. "Read it to me, Allen."

Allen knew he was trapped; Michelle would never give up until he gave her what she wanted and since he was unsure just what that was he reluctantly started reading.

"It was the first really nice day of spring and Leo was hiking in the Metroparks. This was his annual salute to spring. He liked to hike to a secluded spot on a ridge above the river. He would sunbathe for a while and just before he left his favorite perch he would jack off. Leo liked being naked. He liked being naked in the woods. And he liked to stroke his cock, especially in the great outdoors. There was a special excitement about being on display for the whole world to see. Of course he never had a real audience just his imagination to spur him on. Leo was a closet exhibitionist. He would be mortified if any of his friends knew about his secret desires."

"Is that what interests you, Allen? Being naked outdoors?"

"Maybe...maybe just a little." he hesitantly admitted.

"Really! Allen! I never suspected. Have you ever really done that?"

"No...But I've thought about it." It was strangely cathartic to confess to his wife and he was starting to feel very comfortable.

Michelle knew he was telling the truth because she could feel his cock throbbing between her feet. She encouraged his erection by inadvertently moving one foot and then the other. Watching him squirm she continued, "Go on, Allen, read some more."

Allen read on, mostly descriptive paragraphs setting the scene. Soon he got to the heart of the matter."

"After a few moments Leo turned and laid himself on the towel. He would tease himself. He would get some sun on his back and ass first and then it would be time for the main event. The sun felt great; warming his body. He closed his eyes. The peace and quiet was glorious but he knew he could not afford to fall asleep. He turned. His half stiff cock was resting on his thigh. Slowly he began brushing his fingers across his stomach and chest. He lightly scratched his leg being careful not to touch himself too soon. He wanted his erection to grow without any direct contact."

"Is that how you do yourself?" Michelle asked. She could feel the throbbing increasing again.

"No, but it sounds like it might be fun."

"Why?"

"It just seems so peaceful and sexy."

"Read some more"

Allen continued and when he got to the part where Anne confronts him his breathing became very shallow and his cock began to dance as if it had a mind of its own.

"How long have you been here?" he asked.

"Since you poured your first glass of wine." She answered. "If you still have some I'd like a glass."

Leo couldn't look at her. He wanted to run but he was afraid to stand up.

Anne reached over and lightly stroked his back, "are you going to share your wine?" she asked again.

Her fingers felt warm but sent chills down his back. He was afraid to look but he thought his cock was coming back to life.

Leo retrieved the extra glass and poured the wine. Anne lightly scratched his back. This isn't how it's supposed to go he thought but "what the hey!"

Anne was getting the courage that Leo asked for. "Why don't you lie back and continue with what you started; only I want to help."

Leo objected, "I don't think...

"Don't talk." Anne commanded. "Just lie back and let me help you."

"Oh, Allen, honey. I think I know what you like in this story. He got caught. He got caught by an understanding woman who accepted him. That's it isn't it?"

Allen blushed.

Michelle reached for her husband and hugged him. "Sit by me Allen. No, turn so I can hold you." He joined her on the couch and turned so he could lay his head on her breast. She kissed his forehead and stroked his face. Allen was in heaven, or as close as he had ever been.

"Now it's time for me to take care of this for you." She held his cock and began stroking it slowly, deliberately, and gently. He would never forget this night, she would be sure of that!

Allen looked up into his wife's eyes as she stroked him with long deliberate strokes; running her fingers over the root of his cock and squeezing his balls. Massaging the tender area between his balls and his ass and then raking his nuts with her fingernails before once more gripping his cock and pulling as if she wanted to milk him. She used her thumb and fore finger to massage the swollen head and rub in the pre cum as it oozed in anticipation of his orgasm. Allen sighed and opened his thighs ever wider; surrendering completely to her, "I love you Michelle, I love you so much..."

"I know you do, dear." Michelle whispered as she felt his cock thicken. His balls were drawing ever tighter. She increased her pace and his hips began to twitch. "Cum for me, lover, show me how much you love me, nice strong spurts." Michelle had never seen Allen or any man cum quite like this and she was getting excited herself. She gripped and pulled, gripped and pulled ever faster, her eyes glued to her husbands cock. "Do it!" She urged. "Do it for Mama. Cum for Mama."

Allen's back arched and his first shot landed on his chest just below his chin. She lost control and the second hit her blouse just over her left breast. He groaned as she continued to milk him and the creamy love juice pooled in his navel. She watched as he began to relax; first he settled into her arms and then his facial muscles melted into a shy smile. He opened his eyes, "Thank-you, Michelle, thank-you...," he sighed.

"You're welcome, dear. Now wasn't that better that doing it alone?" She watched his eyes as he replied.

"Infinitely better!"

"I'm glad you like it, now you must finish my foot massage, they're still aching."

"Can I clean up first?"

"I don't think so. I want to wear your ...er...my sperm for a while. I'll let you wash up before bed. Get me some more wine and then finish my massage."

Allen went to the kitchen to get the last of the wine. His spunk drying on his chest and dripping into his pubic hair. "I must look like a real pervert," He thought, "But I feel so good!" He sighed.

Michelle was reading the story again when he returned. He poured the last of the wine and then knelt at her feet. As he rubbed them he became aware of a familiar aroma. It was his wife's scent! His cock began to grow in response to her arousal. Looking up she noticed his hardened cock. "Are you ready to fuck me already, you bad boy?" She giggled. "Let's go stud, I want you in me."

For the next half hour they fucked like bunnies; Michelle in her teddy and stockings, Allen naked. He gave her two strong orgasms and a little bonus one as he himself came in a way he had never experienced before. Michelle stroked her husband's hair as he nestled against her breast. "Wasn't that better, Allen?"

"Oh yes, dear. That was special."

"Tomorrow morning, when you get up, I want you to remain naked all day. Is that clear?

"Yes dear." Allen smiled.

"No more playing with yourself, agreed?"

"Yes dear." He wasn't sure he liked that.

"Why don't you take your shower now so you'll be nice and fresh in the morning?"

While Allen was in the shower Michelle called her mother. "He confessed everything, Mom. Yes...Mom. When he finally confessed I held like you said and stroked his cock....Yes Mother. I jacked him off. He came all over... It was fun to watch, just like you said. And then, Mother, it only took a few minutes before he was ready to go and we've been fucking the last half hour. He's done in the shower, gotta go!"

Allen came back to their bedroom, drying his hair. "My turn." Michelle said as she got up to take her shower. She squeezed his package on the way by and giggled, "Everything alright down here?"

Michelle Gets Help
by0ra11yfix8ed©

This story is a continuation of an earlier submission "Michelle Finds Out." It will be much more enjoyable to read the first story before this one but it's not really necessary!

*

It had been a little over a week since Michelle had confronted her husband Allen about reading porn and masturbating. Starting that evening she took control of his cock and balls. It was easy! One might think that Allen had let it happen and perhaps he did but the result was far from what he had anticipated. For one thing, he really didn't expect Michelle to be so ....shall we say.... enthusiastic. For another, Allen was now a full time nudist at home. Michelle insisted that she must be able to see his ...no... her cock. That's right. It was her cock now! She made good use of it too!

Allen happily settled into his role as the dutiful husband. He was content to follow Michelle's lead and why wouldn't he? Like all newly married couples they made love at least once a day.... twice on the weekends and Michelle had taken a keen interest in "exercising" his cock. Well, that was what she called it. She said she was concerned that there might be a "back up." She didn't want him to be "uncomfortable." And she said that he seemed to be a better lover... more "stamina" she called it!

At work during the day Michelle had even popped in once for a "quickie". She brought lunch and as he ate she gave him a hand job. A well placed napkin prevented Allen from making a mess. Little did he know that Michelle had confided their secret to Mrs. O'Rielly, Allen's secretary, and she was only too happy to prevent any intrusions. Life was good he mused. Allen was getting more sex than he had ever imagined possible. Michelle had even taken an interest CFNM. She liked to find stories for Allen to read to her in the evening. Their TV hadn't been on all week!

Michelle had purchased some new lingerie too! Sexier than anything she wore before the "incident." It was always so exciting for Allen to discover what was hiding under her outfits. Michelle had always dressed stylishly but now there was the mystery of what was under those outfits. Lace bras and panties, teddys, bustiers, garter belts and stockings! He loved those stockings! She had long sexy legs but those silk stocking made them even sexier.

It was little price to pay for losing his privacy at home. Doing the dishes in the evening was only fair. After all, she did cook their meal. And tidying up the front room, dusting and vacuuming the carpets only took a few minutes. Folding their laundry and putting it away wasn't so bad. When his chores were done it would be play time. He'd get her a glass of wine and massage her feet. Those sexy feet were attached to her sexy, stocking clad legs that led to her sweet, juicy pussy. She played with his cock as he read stories about naked men and clothed women.

Mornings were another matter. Michelle insisted on "helping" him every morning. She said she didn't want him to be "uncomfortable" during the day. For the first two or three days she did it in their bed but she decided that was too messy. Now she liked to do it in the kitchen. They tried the bathroom once. She jacked him off into the sink. It was convenient and the mirror was a plus but it was tight quarters. The first morning in the kitchen she jacked him off into the kitchen sink but that proved a little troublesome because the counter top was so high that Allen had to stand on a stool. To say it was precarious was understating the situation.

This morning Michelle had toast and coffee on the table. A rather large soup bowl was strategically placed to catch the load that had been building up over night. When Allen came into the kitchen he found Michelle talking to her mother on her cell phone.

"Yes, Mother! I haven't forgotten we are going shopping this morning. Can you hold on a sec? Allen just came in."

Michelle pointed to the bowl and said, "Stand right here, dear. That's good, now hands over your head." She took hold of his cock and gave it a squeeze. She let it drop and cupped his balls. "These feel nice and heavy! Have you got a nice big load for me, honey?"

"Hm.m.m.m" Allen moaned.

She held his cock again. "Now don't make me do all the work, big boy, let's see some hip action."

Allen began thrusting his hips as Michelle squeezed and released in rhythm with his efforts.

"Now where were we, Mother?" Allen kept thrusting as he tried to hear his mother-in-law.

"Oh yes, shopping. I remember now. I promised to take you to that new lingerie shop I told you so much about. That's right, it's called 'Naughty Nights'. Allen just loves the teddy I bought last Saturday."

Allen's motion slowed considerable as he listened to his wife talking on the phone. "For heaven's sake, Allen, you'll never be ready for work at this rate! Now pay attention."

Michelle went back to her conversation with her mother. "What was that, Mother? What am I doing? Ah...nothing really. Ah... just helping Allen get ready for work."

Allen's face was beet red. His wife was casually talking to her mother as she "helped" him get ready for work. He was having a hard time concentrating and his ability to deliver a load was seriously compromised!

Michelle noticed his lack of concentration and paused to scold him, "Pay attention, Allen, fuck my hand! Can't you see I'm preoccupied?"

She went back to her conversation with her mother, "What was that, Mother? You heard me say what?"

Allen could only hear half of the conversation but he was embarrassed as hell. How could he face his mother-in-law?

"All right, Mother! Yes I did say that, but it's not what you think....."

"Well, maybe it is what you think but really, Mother, it's a private matter between Allen and me!"

Allen's erection was fading, in fact, he was so embarrassed that right now the idea of getting his rocks off was the furthest thing from his mind.

"Allen, honey buns, what's the matter! You're getting all soft. You'll be uncomfortable all day if you don't empty those balls! Just a minute, dear...... Mother? I'll have to call you back........ Allen's having trouble finishing and I've got to let you go for a minute...... You're where? Oh Good!.....See you soon....Bye."

Michelle stood next to her husband and stroked his semi-erect penis. With one hand rubbing his back and the other bringing new life back to his cock it wasn't long before Allen's knees began to buckle. "Oh, yes! Yes! Yes! That's it Michelle! That feels so good! Yes! Oh.h.h.h Geeze! I'm coming, Michelle! Yes, I'm coming!

"Hi, kids! Whatcha do'in?" Michelle's mother knew exactly what they were doing. They'd been planning this surprise for Allen since the day Michelle saw him masturbating at his computer.

"I'm just taking a little pressure off for Allen so he won't be uncomfortable all day."

"Is that what they're calling it now? It looks to me like you were pullin his puddin!."

Allen felt like he might feint. "Keep those hands on your head, Allen. That's a good boy." Michelle handed a wash cloth to her mother. "Be a dear, Mom, clean Allen up so he can go get dressed. I gotta go pee!"

Michelle's mom cupped his balls in the warm washcloth and whispered, "It's alright, Allen. I know all about your interest in being naked in the company of clothed women. We're going to have so much fun! You're not going to have to read about it. You're going to live it. She kissed him on the cheek. "Off you go! You don't want to be late for work.

Michelle Gets More Help
by0ra11yfix8ed©

Saturday morning this week was going to be different, Michelle thought. She was going to test her husband Allen's commitment to his desire for a CFNM lifestyle. Just a few days ago she caught him masturbating to porn on their computer. Over the next few days she indulged him with nightly sessions of requiring him to be naked and serve her; pretty vanilla really. But surprising him by having her mother catch her jacking him off upped the ante and although he was extremely embarrassed he didn't run out of the room, in fact, he submitted completely when Michelle asked her mother to wash his 'package'!

Today she would double the stakes! When Allen entered the kitchen there was no bowl on the table. Michelle was having her coffee. He went to the cupboard and took out a soup bowl.

"What are you doing, darling?"

"I'm getting a soup bowl."

"Whatever for, lover boy?"

"You know!"

"Yes, I do know, but I want you to tell me."

"Ok....., it's for my semen."

"And?"

"And what?"

"What?"

"Don't be coy, dear. Tell me how you expect your semen to get into the bowl."

"You're going to masturbate me."

"Maybe....."

"What do you mean, maybe? I thought your rule was that I had to start each day by being masturbated?"

"That's right, sweetheart! Just not right now. First I want you to set the table in the dining room. I'm having a little brunch this morning and you're going to serve it!"

Allen's cock began to throb and within seconds was pointing up at his chest. "Who did you invite?"

"Never you mind, honey buns, you'll find out when you greet them at the door!"

"You wouldn't."

"I did and you will! This was all your idea you know. You should be careful what you wish for!"

Allen never dreamed that reading about CFNM would lead to this or that his wife would go to such lengths to humiliate him. He wanted to tell her that this was a mistake but his cock was telling him to do it.

Allen began setting the table. "How many guests did you invite?"

"Today? Just three; including my mother."

"What does 'today' mean he wondered? What else could she be planning?"

He set one place on each side.

"This won't do, Allen, put two places on the side by the bay window; and open the drapes; I want lots and lots of light."

Allen moved the place setting to the other side of the table.

Aren't you forgetting something, Allen?"

"What, dear?"

"Your soup bowl, Allen, it belongs on the side facing the window."

"You're going to jack me off in front of your friends?" Asked, incredulously.

"My mother saw you cuming, you liked that didn't you?"

"Well....."

"Admit, it Allen, when my mother saw me jacking you off it gave you a rush."

"But...."

"Just admit it , Allen, you like being naked for me and you like it when I masturbate you and it was a big turn on when my mother caught us and now it's going to be a dream come true for you to be naked for four women all at the same time. You want them to see you naked. You want them to see your hard cock and you want them to see me masturbate you! Admit it Allen!" She emphasized loudly.

Allen paused but admitted, "You're right, Michelle, but what will they think?"

"They will think that you are my little sex toy...my boy toy! They might even be jealous!"

Allen's cock was still very hard. It hurt so good! But still there was that nagging fear...who would be here...what would they think?

"Allen."

"Yes, dear?"

"When all three ladies are here I want you to offer them a drink. There's tomato juice and vodka for Bloody Marys and rum and orange juice for Screw Drivers and pomegranate juice. You are my naked butler....do you understand?"

"Yes, Michelle." Allen answered, resigned to his fate.

No sooner he had spoken that the door bell rang. Allen's face turned crimson as he walked towards the door and opened it. It was his mother-in-law.

"Good morning, Mother," Allen stammered, "so nice to see you."

"It's so nice to see you too, Allen!" She answered sweetly as she stared at his erect cock and then gave him a quick kiss on the cheek.

"Let me help you with your coat, Mother."

"Thank-you, Allen, it's a little chilly this morning but it doesn't seem to be bothering you!" She said in obvious reference to his throbbing cock,

Allen escorted his mother-in-law to the living room and called to his wife, "Your mother is here, Michelle."

"I'll be right there, Mother!"

"Take your time, Michelle, Allen is entertaining me." Just then the door bell rang again.

"Excuse me, Mother."

"By all means, darling, don't keep your guests waiting."

Allen went to the front door and opened it for his wife's sister Susan. "Please come in, Susan."

"Thank-you, Allen, it is a pleasure to see you. I mean, really see you!" She flicked his penis with her gloved finger and smirked. "But, Allen I didn't know how much you liked me." Allen's cock bounced up and down as his heart thumped in his chest.

"May I hang up your jacket, Sue?" Allen answered, trying to remain calm.

"Of course, Allen, but do you think that hook can support my jacket?" She teased him again. "Oh...., sorry, you meant in the closet, didn't you?"

Allen just blushed. He knew that he would be in for a lot more verbal abuse from his sister-in-law. "Michelle! Sweet loveable Sue is here!"

"Bring her in, dear." Allen escorted his sister-in-law to the living room where his wife and mother-in-law were already chatting and as soon as he left the hallway the bell rang again.

"That must be Mrs. O'Reilly." Michelle said, "She's the only one missing."

"Not my secretary, Michelle," Allen pleaded half-heartedly.

"Oh, Allen, she's known since I visited your office to jack you off."

"Really, Michelle! You go to Allen's office to jack him off? You're a lucky man, Allen!" Sue teased.

Allen didn't think he could get any more embarrassed as he went to open the door for his secretary.

"Good morning, Mrs. O'Reilly."

"Good morning, Allen! Michelle told me about your interest in CFNM but honestly I didn't know a thing about it! I'm learning though and I think it might be fun. Looks like you agree!"

Allen knew he was in for a lot of teasing but he hoped it might dwindle as the day went on. He put Mrs. O'Reilly's coat in the closet and took her to the living room. "Have you met my mother-in-law and sister-in-law, Mrs. O'Reilly?"

"Why yes, Allen, we met at your wedding, remember? How are you Mrs. Johnston? Miss Johnston?"

"Please, Mrs. O'Reilly, call me 'Marge.' I have a feeling we are going to be come much better acquainted."

"Oh yes, Mrs. O'Reilly, I'm Susan but please call me 'Sue.' All my friends do and I know we will be good friends since we're all here to support Michelle and Allen."

"Very well, ladies, then please call me 'Colleen'."

"I'm sorry to interrupt you ladies but Michelle has asked me to offer you a drink before brunch!" Allen said.

"Your choices this morning are coffee, orange juice, pomegranate juice or tomato juice! For those of you who are inclined to imbibe we have whiskey, rum and vodka which I will be happy to mix to your liking!"

Sue spoke up first, "I'd like one of those screwdrivers you make with a touch of pomegranate."

"Ooh! That sounds interesting! I'll have one of those too." Colleen agreed.

"Make mine a Bloody Mary but easy on the hot sauce." Marge added.

"Looks like you guys are in a party mood." Michelle observed, "Make mine a pomegranate and rum with a splash of lemon, please."

"Coming right up, ladies!" Allen went to the kitchen and prepared the drinks and as he did he relaxed. As he served the drinks his cock was still swollen but no longer pointing at the ceiling!

"Michelle, dear," Sue teased, "It looks like Allen has lost interest already." Allen blushed and his heart rate spiked causing his penis to bob up and down.

"That's better, Allen." Sue cooed, "It's much better when you constantly show us how much you like us!"

"Leave him alone, Sue, it's not nice to tease!"

"It's alright, Mother. I want you to tease Allen. If he wants to be an exhibitionist he deserves what he gets."

"What about at work, Michelle, it's not very professional to tease your boss in public."

"Of course not, Colleen, but I'm sure you can think of ways to remind him that you know all his secrets."

"Shall we take our drinks to the table, ladies? Allen, there's a nice cheese strata in the oven. Would you be so kind as to serve it?"

As Allen prepared their plates Michelle explained to her guests. "A few days ago I discovered that my husband Allen, a man who enjoys a fine reputation as an accountant, has a keen interest in something called CFNM. Briefly, it meant that Allen was exploring the idea of being naked in the company of clothed women! Men who share this particular interest fantasize about being naked and in some cases being masturbated by these women. Over the last few days Allen has read numerous stories about this activity to me and we've had great fun playing together while Allen is naked and I am not."

"What does this have to do with us?" Colleen asked.

"Quite simply, Allen is still a very highly sexed young man and he seemed to really enjoy being naked around the house. I can keep up with his needs at home most of the time but there will be time when I might need to call on you, Mother, or you, Sue to sort of help Allen take the edge off; if you know what I mean?"

"But that doesn't explain why you invited me, Michelle." Colleen interrupted.

"Colleen isn't it obvious, you're with Allen eight or nine hours a day! Who better to keep an eye on him at work?"

"I suppose." She thought about the proposition.

"So, Michelle, what are we here for this morning? Are you going to masturbate him for us?" Sue giggled.

"Not exactly, Sue, but it is a very special day for Allen." He was listening intently from the kitchen. "Allen, would you please join us?"

Allen came into the dining room. "What is it, Michelle?"

"Do you recall what you promised me, Allen?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Would you please tell the ladies just what you promised?"

Allen blushed, again his heart rate quickened and his cock began to swell and throb."

"It's so cute the way your cock bounces up and down when you are excited, Allen." Sue teased.

Allen took a deep breath and began, "I promised to not touch myself as much as possible and that whenever I became uncomfortable I would ask Michelle to help me become comfortable again."

"This 'uncomfortable', Allen?" Colleen mused, "What does that mean?"

"Tell her, Allen." His wife prodded.

"Well ....from time to time I have sexual thoughts and I get an erection that won't go away...."

"So...what you're saying is that when your nuts are aching you're either going to have sex with Michelle or she's going to get you off some other way." Colleen said plainly, interrupting him.

"Yes, ma'am."

She looked at Michelle, "And just what do you want me to do?"

"Well, Colleen, I can't be with Allen twenty four hours a day. I need someone I can trust to keep an eye on him at work. I don't want anyone taking advantage of him when he is vulnerable."

"So....when he gets horny you want me to call you?"

"I might not be able to come to his office."

"So...what do you want me to do?"

"I'd like you to be able to step in for me and masturbate him." Allen was blushing even more.

"Really!!!"

Michelle turned to her mother and sister. "And there might be times when I'll need your help too."

"I'm in!" Sue exclaimed wasting no time at all as she winked at Allen.

"You know I'm always there for you, Michelle." Her mother agreed.

"Can I count on you, Colleen?"

"Well...this is very unusual but I'll give it a try."

"So Michelle, what now? Are you going to masturbate him for us? Or.... are we going to masturbate him?" Sue asked a little too willing to 'help'.

"It's more special than that." Michelle explained, "Allen is going to ask you to help me, aren't you Allen?"

"Is that what you want, Michelle?" Allen blushed as he spoke quietly.

"Go ahead, Allen, ask them for their help!"

"Ladies, Michelle needs your..."

'Ask them one at a time, Allen."

"Michelle..." Allen pleaded.

"One at a time, Allen." She insisted, sternly.

Allen looked at his mother-in-law and swallowed hard.

"Don't be shy, Allen, I already washed your package once this week!"

Colleen covered her mouth trying to suppress a giggle.

"Mother, would you be willing to help Michelle keep my balls comfortable?"

"Yes I would." She replied warmly.

"Susan, would you be willing to help Michelle keep my balls comfortable?"

"You know I would!" She answered enthusiastically. She was so excited in fact that Allen noticed her nipples hardening against her cotton blouse.

"Mrs. O'Reilly, would you be willing to help Michelle keep my balls comfortable when I'm at work?"

"I'm willing to help at any time, Allen. Michelle can count on me." Her tone was all business but the gleam in her eye belied her calm demeanor.

"Ladies, thank-you for agreeing to help keep Allen from becoming so horny that he might be tempted to stray; in honor of this occasion; Allen has a special treat for us, today is the last time that Allen will masturbate himself." Allen's eyes widened. "As a token of his pledge to me I am going to have him masturbate for us right now!"

"Michelle...." Allen's eyes pleaded for mercy. "Don't make me..."

"Enough, Allen, your cock is all mine now, your semen is all mine now! I want you to prove your faithfulness to me by obeying me. Jack off, dear, right now!" she instructed, cheerily!

Allen looked around the table. They were all smiling. Not exactly a friendly smile. More of a knowing smile; they knew he was whipped. Pussy whipped!

ichelle Gets More Help Ch. 02
by0ra11yfix8ed©

This story is a continuation of a story line that begins with "Michelle Finds Out". A wife is fulfilling her husbands fantasy of living in a relationship where his wife and her female family and friends control him sexually. There is no real reason to start at the beginning...unless you enjoy longer stories with more happy endings!

Allen looked at his wife Michelle. It was a plaintiff look, sad, sorrowful humiliated look. He pleaded with his eyes for her mercy.

"Allen." She said sharply, "You will do this! Sooner or later you will jack-off for us."

"Why don't you just give in and enjoy yourself, Allen? It's your last meeting with 'Rosie Palm' so you should let her show you a good time!" Michelle's sister Sue teased.

"Don't be bashful now, Allen." His secretary, Mrs. O'Reilly exhorted.

"Oh, Allen! You haven't forgotten how to jack-off already have you?" Michelle's mother Marge wondered out loud. "It's really very simple, dear, just hold your dick in your hand and rub."

"Michelle?" Sue suggested to her sister. "These chairs are getting a little hard. Why don't we take Allen to the living room where we at least can be more comfortable and Allen can put on a real show!"

"Good idea, Sue! And Allen can freshen our drinks before he entertains us!" Marge agreed.

Michelle ordered Allen to the kitchen to prepare fresh drinks for her guests. She excused herself as she invited her guests to make themselves comfortable in the living room and followed Allen to the kitchen. "What is the meaning of this, Allen?" She practically hissed, angrily, as she slapped his bare buttocks.

"What do you mean, honey?" Allen replied, shocked at his wife's sudden physical attack.

"You know very well what I mean. Don't try to be coy. You've chosen this path, now you're going to walk it!" Michelle continued in an angry whisper. "Take the drinks to the living room and do as I have instructed."

"B.b.but honey, I didn't mean for this to go this far!"

"Then you should have thought about it sooner. Before I caught you. Before you read those stories to me. You let me see the real you. If you are having second thoughts it's all your fault. There is no going back now, Allen, your pecker is mine! I control it and your balls. Sex is going to be on my terms! But first you are going to show my mother, my sister, and your secretary just how happy you are to be my boy toy, my servant, and my slave!"

Allen knew she was serious. Her tone was deadly serious. Her words were carefully chosen, her voice clear and unemotional and her delivery crisp and stern.

She smiled, "Now be a dear and serve the drinks." The syrupy sweetness in her voice a direct contrast to the chastisement he'd just received.

Michelle turned quickly and rejoined her guests in the living room; taking a seat in the middle of the couch she crossed her legs demurely. As Allen served her guests she kicked off her shoes. "Ladies, I hope you don't mind. These heels are killing me!"

Mrs. O'Reilly agreed instantly. "Why do we torture ourselves?" She wondered out loud. "I don't think I've ever had a pair of heels that were comfortable!"

"Allen, dear, why don't you give Mrs. O'Reilly's feet a little massage? In fact, Colleen, I think Allen should massage your feet whenever they bother you at work; as a thank-you for helping him."

"That's not necessary, Michelle!"

"Yes it is, Colleen! Allen depends on you so much already. He's told me many times what a great help you are. And now you are going to help him even more so it's only fair that he have a way to express his gratitude. Don't you agree, Allen?"

"Yes, ma'am." He agreed sheepishly, imagining how it will look at the office, down on his knees massaging his secretary's feet.

"What about us?" Sue blurted." My feet are sore too!"

"So are mine!" Marge agreed.

"Very well, ladies; it's settled. As a thank-you for helping Allen he will massage your feet. Not just when you have helped him either, but whenever you need a little relief. Do you understand, Allen?"

"Yes, ma'am." Allen was beginning to see that this CFNM lifestyle was not quite the way he imagined it! But he knew he had no choice; he fell to his knees and began to massage Mrs. O'Reilly's feet.

The women continued to chat as Allen massaged their feet one by one. It took so long that Michelle asked if any of them needed their drinks freshened and of course they did. She offered them some cheese and crackers which Allen dutifully prepared and served. It was well after noon as Michelle asked, "Don't you think it's about time for your show, Allen?"

"Yes, dear." He answered meekly.

"You know, Michelle." Sue volunteered, "Your coffee table is very sturdy. Maybe we could all see better if Allen stood on it."

"That's an excellent idea, Sue." Marge agreed.

Mrs. O'Reilly just smiled. She had never even been to a bachelorette party or strip club on ladies night and now she was included in a little group of women who were taking sexual control of her boss. "Strange how things happen!" She thought.

"Allen." Michelle ordered, "Pull the table back so we can all have a good view. That's right, now climb up there but don't touch yourself just yet. We are going to direct you!" She smiled at her co-conspirators. "I've always known that boys masturbate, ladies. I don't know about you but I've even imagined it! Now we are going to get to see it live. And as a bonus we are going to be Allen's directors! It's going to be our little porn show!"

"Allen dear, you can start by rubbing your thighs, that's right, rub the insides. Spread you knees a little more. Use both hands. No! Don't touch your pecker, Allen, just your thighs." Michelle began.

Sue leaned forward. "Give us a little humping action, Allen! Oh, sorry, Michelle, I didn't mean to interrupt."

"Don't be silly, Sue. I want you to help me direct Allen! I want all of you to participate. Allen would probably just stand there like a statue and stroke his dick." She added derisively. "That would be fine with me." Marge giggled, staring in disbelief. "In all my years I never would have believed that I'd get to see something like this."

"Very nice Allen, now bring your hands up to your belly. Use one hand to rub your bush and the other to squeeze one of your boobs." Colleen suggested.

"Keep up the hip action, Allen, and slowly turn in a circle so we can see you from all sides." Sue added.

"Now switch hands, Allen." Marge continued. "Pet your thigh and squeeze your little booby, tell us how much you like being our sex object."

"Ah.h.h.h.h...." Allen moaned softly, his swollen cock swaying as he danced a tight two step on the coffee table. "Oh.h.h.h.gh.gh.gh..." His excitement mounted.

"Switch again, sweetheart." Michelle ordered.

Allen's cock was beginning rise to attention, poking almost straight out. Michelle knew it would almost touch his navel when it was completely aroused. "Use both hands on your boobs and pinch your nipples, lover-boy and tell us just what you want."

Allen's eyes were closed, his mouth slightly open as he bit his lower lip. His breathing was slow and shallow. "Please, Michelle, please jack me off!"

"Not just now, darling, maybe later after you've given my guests a nice show. Rub your balls now, Allen, but don't touch your dick!" Michelle was determined to make this last a long time.

"I wish I had my camera." Mrs. O'Reilly sighed.

"Use your cell phone." Marge suggested.

"Heavens no! I'd never have something like that on my phone. But I'd still like a memento, something to remind me of this party when I've retired."

"That's a great idea, Colleen!" Michelle agreed. "Don't you think so, Allen?"

"No, no, please, no pictures!" Allen pleaded as he continued to shuffle around in circles for his tormentors. But in the back of his mind buried beneath his inhibitions the mere thought excited him even more.

"Oh, honey! Look at you! I don't think you're telling us the truth. Your pecker is standing straight up!" Michelle chided. "Make sure he keeps it up, ladies, I'll get my camera." The faintest bit of a smile crossed Allens lips as his hips caused his cock to bob up and down as he mashed his man boobs and pinched his tits. If this was the last time he would ever masturbate he was making the most of it. He could only hope that maybe, just maybe his wife would put him on display again.

Michelle returned with her camera and began recording his dance.

Does that camera take video, Michelle?" Sue wondered.

"Great idea, sis! I should have thought of that myself!"

"Spank your booty, Allen. You're such a bad boy! Spank that cute little butt!" Allen gave himself a playful swat. "You can do better that that, Allen." Sue continued. "Or should I spank you? You know I would turn that butt bright pink!" Allen spanked himself hard enough to start turning his backside a rosy pink.

"Now put both hands behind your head and grind those hips." Colleen suggested.

"I think Allen's getting into this, ladies," Marge observed, "I see a little something on the head of his dick!"

"Oh oh, Michelle! Allen looks like he might make a mess!" Sue was staring wide eyed as she was clapping her hands and almost cheering.

"Dear me, Michelle, you don't want him to stain your carpet!" Marge warned.

Colleen smirked. "Give him a hanky or something."

"Then we won't be able to see him spurt!" Sue objected. "I love to watch guys spurt their spunk."

Marge's eyes stared in disbelief at her youngest daughter. "I didn't....."

"Mom!" Sue realized she had inadvertently given her mother a little too much information. "It's not like I have sex with all kinds of guys but I'm not above giving them a hand job when we make out."

"So you're still....."

"Please, Mom! This is about me and Allen." Michelle tried to rescue her sister.

"I know what to do." Colleen broke in, "Get an old sheet or table cloth or towel or something. We can cover the coffee table and Allen can stand at one end."

"Good idea, Colleen," Michelle agreed as she quickly ran up the stairs to their bedroom. "You're a fast learner! That way we can see for ourselves just how far he can shoot his stuff."

When she returned with an old beach towel she threw it to her mother and grabbed Allen by the balls. "Let me help you down, lover."

Colleen picked up his bowl as Sue and Marge covered the short table. "What should I do with this?"

"I know!" Sue blurted. "It can be his target! Put it on the table." Colleen put the soup bowl about a foot from the end where Michelle still had her husband by the balls.

"That's no challenge!" Sue laughed. "I'll bet he can shoot his spunk at least two feet....especially if he's standing at the end of the table."

As Sue was speaking Michelle noticed that Allen had stopped dancing. She turned and swatted his butt in one quick move. "Did any of us say you could stop?"

"N.n.o, dear." Allens cheek was crimson. As the women debated where to put the bowl Allen resumed his slow bump and grind. His hands were over his head and his prick was standing proud and tall.

"Michelle?" Colleen O'Reilly began timidly. You know it's been fifteen years since Arnold died. Would it be OK if you took a picture of me with Allen? You don't have to show his face but I'd like something to show my girlfriends. They think I lead a boring life and a picture might shut them up!"

"That's a great idea, Colleen! I want a picture too!" Marge agreed.

"Count me in!" Sue said thoughtfully. "I think I want my great grand kids to find it when I'm gone. They'll wonder what other secrets I might have kept from them!"

So one by one they took pictures; holding his cock, squeezing his balls and pinching his butt. Through it all they were careful not to push him past the point of no return. Finally Michelle placed the camera on the back of the couch and the four of them took a group portrait. After taking one last picture just to be sure Michelle took her husband to one end of the coffee table. "Straddle the table, Allen. That's it! Your knees should be gripping the edge of the table. Now, put Allens bowl on the other end Colleen."

"I don't think he can shoot his spunk the entire length of the table, Michelle." Sue doubted.

"Maybe not, Sue, but he's going to try! Aren't you, honey?"

Allens hands were still on the top of his head; he was still thrusting his hips, still making his dick wave lewdly for his tormentors.

"Are you ready yet, Allen? Are you ready to jack off for the last time? Tell us what you want to do!"

"Please, Michelle, please let me jack off for you. Please don't make me wait any longer."

"Tell Mrs. O'Reilly, Allen."

"I'd like you to watch me jack off for the last time, Mrs. O'Reilly!"

'I'd be happy to, Allen!" Colleen grinned.

"Tell my mom, Allen."

"Oh! Mother, please watch me jack off for the last time!"

"I wouldn't miss it for the world, Allen." Marge smirked.

"Now tell my sister."

"Susan, I want you to watch as I jack off for the last time."

"Allen, you can't possibly know how much I'm enjoying this! Michelle has given me so much to try with my boy friend!"

"Aren't you forgetting someone, Allen? Marge prompted her naked son-in-law.

"Please, Michelle, please let me jack off. Let me make myself cum one last time."

"And then what, Allen?"

"And then I promise to give you complete control of my penis and testicles."

"And?"

"And you will decide when or if I can cum."

"And."

"And?"

"And if I'm not available?"

"I'll ask Mom or Sue or Mrs. O'Reilly to help me."

"Very good, Allen! It's time to start. You may use just your thumb and one finger. Tease yourself. Doesn't that feel good Allen?

Allens eyes were half shut. He was only dimly aware of the women watching his every move. His reply was half sigh half grunt.

"Now rub your balls, Allen."

Allen rubbed his balls with one hand and his prick with one finger and a thumb.

"His cock head is getting really dark purple," Sue exclaimed. "Is that what it looks like when it's ready to explode in your pussy?"

"You can use your whole hand now, Allen. But don't go too fast....take your time."

Allen slowly stroked his dick as he rubbed his balls. It was painful but it was such glorious pain! A pain that would soon be relieved by the release of the fluids pent up in his balls. As the magical moment of release approached he entered a state of mind that approached unconsciousness. There was nothing except his cock! He threw back his head and closed his eyes. The burning at the tip of his cock was almost unbearable but the only way to quench the fire was to make it worse. His pace quickened.

"He can't stop, Michelle!" Marge stared in awe.

"Shoot, Allen, nice big spurts! Show us what happens inside Michelle's pussy when you fuck her!" Sue urged.

"Hit the bowl, Allen, you can do it! Show us how strong your balls are!"

The women were as eager for Allen to reach his inevitable climax as he was to relieve the pain at the tip of his cock. "Hit the bowl, Allen, if you miss we're going to spank your ass!" Colleen offered mischievously.

"Nice touch, Colleen! I like that!" Michelle agreed, "If you miss the bowl your punishment will be a spanking!"

Allen heard none of the conversation; he arched his back and held his breath as his semen raced from his convulsing balls! First one strong arching shot then another! He dropped his cock; it was too tender to touch. It throbbed again and again as semen spurted onto the towel covered coffee table. The ladies applauded in appreciation of his efforts.

Michelle was the first to speak. "Get some warm towels, Mom, Allen's a mess!" She held out her arms. "Come to Micki." She said tenderly. "Mama and Micki will make it all better!"

Allen curled up in her arms on the couch. She stroked his face and kissed his forehead. "That was beautiful, Allen, what a lovely gift! Thank-you, darling." She kissed him again and again as she whispered, "Thank-you, thank-you!"

Marge handed a towel to Michelle and she laid it over his still pulsing cock. The last of his semen was dripping from its tender head. "Let me clean you up, Allen, I promised to be careful."

"There's some hand cream in the lav, Sue, would you get it please."

When Sue returned Michelle asked Colleen, "Would you like to do the honors, Mrs. O'Reilly? We want Allens skin to be nice and soft! Don't we, ladies? What do you think, Allen?"

"Please, Mrs. O'Reilly, be gentle, I'm so tender."

"Speaking of tender, Allen, did you hit the bowl? If you didn't your butt is going to be in need of some lotion too!"

"About a third of that first spurt hit the edge of the plate." Marge observed.

"Aw, that's too bad!" Michelle lamented. "Maybe next time."

Allens eye's widened as he gazed into his wife's smiling face.

"I don't want to be rude, ladies, but could you let yourselves out? There's the matter of a little itch that Allen has to relieve. When they were finally alone Michelle stroked Allens face tenderly and whispered, "You owe me big time, lover!"

Allen kissed his wife full on the lips. His hand cupped her breast and found a rock hard nipple. "What have we here?" He wondered facetiously. "You enjoyed that almost as much as I did, didn't you? He nibbled her ear, his warm breath sending chills down her neck. He unbuttoned first one, then another as he exposed the tops of her ample breasts. He kissed her neck and teased her nipples. She moaned in approval. They were made for each other!

