Silent Submission
bykylejer©

This story is continued as "Sarah's Way" in subsequent chapters, having discovered that there is already a series under my original title posted.

*

Coming from the hall, I met my wife, Sarah, in the middle of the living room, dressed like she was headed out the door on her usual Saturday morning errands.

She stopped in front of me with a serious look on her face and said,

"Mark, today at 5 o'clock you are to meet me right here, in the living room, completely naked. You are to bring with you that tall stool you've had since college and a paddle from the ping-pong set with the game table downstairs. And, before then you are to go out in the yard and from one of the trees or bushes cut me a switch. More of a rod than a flimsy twig, actually. It is to be flexible, but firm, not brittle.

"You are to be caned," she said, without breaking her tone or increasingly stern expression. "And you are to provide your own instrument of your torture."

My jaw dropped further and further as she went on. I gazed at her with disbelief, not knowing what other emotion to show.

But when a fiery redhead fixes those bright green eyes in a stern stair at you, the idea that "she's kidding" does not seem to be one of the most likely explanations.

Sarah and I had been married for five years, dating for a few years before that and now in our late 30s without children, but still with a declining sex life.

Sarah had the kind of body I love, but not the kind that most men find ideal. She had long, bright red hair and a fair, freckled complexion. She carried a few extra pounds on that 5'5" frame, top heavy with large breasts.

Not that she was in the "BBW" category -- not at all according to my definition. But that little extra weight for me gave her a feel of authenticity, a real woman from strong country stock and not the drop-dead figure of a beauty that so often seems unreachable.

Still, those few extra pounds made her sensitive about her body, and uncomfortable being undressed in front of me. I wasn't even allowed in the bathroom with her and had grown to resent her physical bashfulness. So, too, did I resent her bossiness around the house.

Of course, resentment manifests itself in small ways that become large in a relationship, and our marriage was under some strain, though nowhere near a break-up point.

As we had grown more apart physically, I had taken to indulging in sexual fantasies on the Internet, including some long-held fascination with female dominant CFNM and BDSM scenarios. Sarah was quite a neophyte at using the Internet with search engines and web browsers, so it seemed easy to hide my secretive stuff from her view. Or was it?

With this out-of-the-blue declaration of what I was to do leading up to being caned (and I knew from the Web what that meant!) I didn't know how to process it.

Was Sarah displaying some hidden sexually dominant side of her personality? Was she angry over those little ways my resentment showed through and wanted to physically punish me for it?

Worse yet, there were those times that I half-heartedly dabbled in searches for casual sex or affairs over the 'Net. Had she discovered those with computer skills I didn't know she had and was ready to administer severe punishment for it?

Did she just discover my Internet porn surfing and find my interest in female domination fantasies, and decided to play the role because she thought that's what I wanted sexually? But fantasies are not realities, and I didn't necessarily want to experience anything like that for real.

So was this a sexual game? An attempt to punish me for wrongdoing? An outrageous step taken to force a breakup she wanted?

All of this flashed through my mind in a matter of seconds as she relayed her orders and maintained her demeanor.

Then it was my turn to speak and I had to process and think of something quick.

"You can't be serious," I laughed, though nothing in her demeanor suggested she was not serious.

"You want to cane me? Why do you want to cane me and why in the world should I let you? Is this some kind of joke?"

"She continued to glare at me in an enigmatic way, still impossible to discern if this were a game or revenge for wrong at play.

"I have good reasons for wanting to do it, and I think you know that. If you want to talk about it first, I suppose we can," she sighed. "But knowing how you hate talks about 'our relationship' or problems that we're having, it may be less painful for you to just bend over and take it rather than talk about it first. But if you insist, we can talk before your caning, if that's really what you want to do."

"Well. . ." I stammered, "What if I don't do what you say? Why should I let you cane me? That would hurt."

"A lot," she replied sternly. "Well, if you don't, I guess I might as well not be home tonight. I'm not going to talk about this now. I think you know what this is about. If you want to talk, let's have one of those talks you hate tonight at five, or just show up here naked like I said and we won't have to talk. You have a few hours to think about it, and to get ready for your caning.

"But you are going to be caned," she went on with a definitive tone. "I suggest you be careful in cutting the switch. Don't make me go out and find a good one myself. Right now I am going to Michelle's and we're going together to see Suzanne, who just got out of the hospital. You can think about what you want to say about this, or just get ready for it."

With that, she left me, dumbfounded.

How indeed was I going to play this? What was it all about?

I figured out that that was the key -- determining what her game was.

Was this some sort of sexual fantasy she had and decided to boldly act on it? That was an intriguing thought, as her lack of an adventurous spirit when it came to sex was perhaps my chief frustration with Sarah.

Did she discover that it was a fantasy of mine?

But I wouldn't even call it much of a fantasy. When I fantasized about sex, it was usually pretty conventional, if somewhat graphic. I got turned on by reading BDSM stories, but never thought about approaching Sarah about acting out those kinds of scenes, or looking for others to do them.

Still, she would have assumed it was a fetish I was drawn to had she probed my Literotica searches. Was she trying to reach out to me by fulfilling what she thought was my fantasy? Did she discover that we shared the same fantasy but had never communicated it with one another?

But maybe it wasn't really all that sexual. Maybe she discovered my probing for possible affairs and decided this extreme form of corporal punishment would be her response?

Perhaps she had discovered both at once -- a reason to punish me and to draw me closer by fulfilling my supposed fantasy?

Clearly, I could not be sure what this was about without talking.

And she had me on that point.

I really did hate talking about our problems or our relationship, because I always seemed to end up on the short end of those discussions, even when I was sure I was right.

Clearly, I wanted to avoid being confronted with my activities on the Internet. If she knew about them -- well, she was right. I'd rather endure a caning than that conversation, as long as I didn't have to endure both.

But what if this was just a sexual fantasy and she was taking a direct approach to making it happen?

There are times in life when realizations cause great anxiety, even fear. I felt that when a wave of fear went through me and lodged in the pit of my stomach. I admitted to myself that my cock stirred when she told me to be in the living room naked at a certain time. The obvious implication that some sexual situation would follow and the fact that she had ordered me to do it started to arouse me.

The paddle and the cane surprised me, scared me, and aroused me at the same time.

What would it be like to in reality submit to what had aroused me when I read those stories?

If I wasn't careful, I could talk my way out of a good sexual fantasy come to life and replace it with one of those annoying relationship talks.

Was I rationalizing what I was doing? As I leaned more and more toward complying it was while I was outside with a sharp pocketknife looking through the branches of trees and bushes for something that would be suitable.

At what point in my thought process did I come outside and start looking? I didn't even know. I seemed to justify the search by thinking I could process this all at the same time I was looking, but was that action a signal that I was looking for a justification for complying?

Most men would have told her off when the time came and demanded an explanation from her.

For whatever reason, I picked out a young branch from a Willow tree.

It tapered thin, as Willow does, but by cutting it off at its base at the trunk and about five feet in length, it retained the flexibility of Willow, but was still fairly thick and firm.

I took it back to my workshop, where I built my fishing rods, and sanded it down smooth. The top end had frayed a bit where I cut, but I lacquered the entire length, then wrapped some of the line I use for tying eyelets on rods around the end, securing it with the usual clear glue. I did the same on the thick end, wrapping a good eight inches of it in line, glued down, to make a fine handle.

There was plenty of time for it all to dry before Sarah returned.

She didn't return much before 5. She did not greet me or make any references to her demands of that morning. She didn't speak to me at all. Something told me she was as nervous as I was, perhaps afraid that I would confront her with her totally unreasonable demand.

But at 5 p.m., I walked into the living room nude, carrying the stool she ordered. She was sitting on the couch, and looked up from reading her magazine. I knew she was not really concentrating on it, instead focused on how I was about to react and perhaps wondering if she had overplayed her hand.

I placed the stool in the center of the room, where we had met some hours before, then returned to the bedroom.

When I came out, still nude, carrying the paddle and the cane I had made, she was standing by the stool, expressionless.

"Here is the paddle you asked me to find," I said, handing it to her. "And I made this."

I presented the cane, resting between my upturned open palms. She took it from me, her eyes widening and brightening.

"Wow!" she said, suddenly changing her demeanor and looking in amazement at what I had handed her.

"You made this?? I can't believe it!" she said. "This is wonderful. You even finished it -- and this is like a little handle," she went on, wrapping her hand around the widely threaded end. She waved it in the air as if taking some practice swings, a smile broadening on her face.

I felt a knot in the pit of my stomach, not understanding why I had made such a nice rod for her. I stood there entirely naked in front of her, having presented her with what she had earlier that day referred to as the instrument of my torture, which I had been made to provide for myself.

Unless I did something to put a stop to this she was indeed going to torture me with it -- for real.

"Why, this is just amazing," she said, still turning the instrument over and over and examining it, as if I had given her a wonderful piece of jewelry for Christmas.

"Thank you for putting so much work into this!" she gushed.

Then, after a brief pause, it began.

"Well, Mark, it's time," she said.

Sarah put an arm lightly around my back and guided me a couple of steps to the other side of the stool, then gently pressed between my shoulder blades to guide me down over the padded top of the tall stool. She had me scoot forward a little and showed me how to place my feet right up against the insides of the two legs closest to me. Moving to the other side, she took my hands and pulled them down as far as my arms would reach.

"Now grab onto the legs here," she said, placing my hands low down on the two legs on the opposite side. My body was stretched out, my butt high in the air, my cheeks and legs close together.

"Now, hold on real tight, and don't let go until I tell you you can stand. That's important," she said, the sternness returning to her voice.

She walked around behind me.

"I'm going to warm you up good with the paddle first. That will make you even more sensitive for your caning," she said, sounding like a dental hygienist explaining how she was going to floss her patient's teeth.

"That will be hard enough on you, but that's only the preliminary," she went on. "You're going to have to hold tight and concentrate on holding tight. Believe me, you don't want to start acting out on me."

I felt the rough edge of the paddle touch my right butt cheek. There were small, slightly raised bumps on the surface, designed to add friction for putting a spin on a ping pong ball. Those would add to the sting, I thought, the knot in my stomach getting tighter.

But at the same time, adopting this submissive attitude and the anticipation of what was about to take place, made my cock start to rise. I swallowed hard.

Whap!

The first impact of the paddle came down on my right cheek, stinging even harder than I expected.

"Ow!!!" I exclaimed, and instinctively reached back to protect my ass.

"Don't let go!" Sarah shouted. "That was nothing! You're going to have to be a lot stronger than that!"

I grabbed the legs again.

"Now concentrate!"

Whap!

Whap!

Whap!

Whap!

The blows came slow, but hard, alternating between the cheeks, with the last landing between.

"Uh! Uh!" I grunted in pain, reacting to each blow.

"Just getting started with the warm-up," Sarah said matter-of-factly.

Whap!

Whap!

I got two more, this time lower down on my butt. She was trying to cover the entire region, I could tell.

"Ok, hold on real tight, Mark. I'm going to start warming you up now."

I though that's what she had been doing.

Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!

The blows came harder, and in rapid succession.

"Ahhhhh!" I screamed, but still managed to hold tight to the legs. My ass was already on fire and she was continuing to pour it on.

"Sarah! Stop! Stop! Pleaaaaase! No!"

Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!

"Hold still!" she shouted, since I began to squirm, my feet starting to rise in the air, wanting to run.

Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!

"Please! Noooooo!" I pleaded. I had begun to cry from the searing pain.

Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!

I have no idea how many I took or how long it lasted, but I was crying like a baby when she stopped.

"Ok," Sarah said calmly, ignoring my tears and the pleading she had just heard. "I think you are about the right color now."

My ass must have been a very bright red by then.

Sarah knelt by my face and spoke softly into my ear.

"I know that was tough on you, but it's going to get tougher. You have to concentrate hard on holding on. This will be over soon, but the rest is not going to be easy. But you can do it. Just hold on."

I was still crying, and getting more and more afraid. I recalled again her words from earlier in the day: "You are to provide your own instrument of your torture."

If this was going to get worse, it would be torture in the truest sense of the word. And I had handed her a well-made instrument I created to do it. I realized she had picked it up.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The sounds of her practice swings made me whimper softly. I felt the length of the rod across my butt.

Whoosh! Crack!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!" I screamed and could not stop myself from standing up and reaching again to protect my sensitive, burning ass.

I didn't get all the way up before being pushed back down.

"Get down!" she shouted.

Sarah again knelt by my face. Later, I realized I could have easily pushed her away and put a stop to the torture then and there as having gone too far. But at the time the thought did not cross my mind. That she was in total control seemed to be a reality I accepted as inevitable.

"Mark, you have got to hold on! Mark, you are going to be caned! It is going to happen! It is happening! The best you can do is to hold on and get through it! Now concentrate! You can do this! You were to get ten, but that stunt has now made it 12. Just don't blow it and you will get through this."

I was crying, nearly in a panic, but somehow convinced that she was right and all I could do was hold on. I grasped the legs as tightly as I could and gritted my teeth.

Crack!

"Ahhhh!"

Crack!

Crack!

I stopped even hearing myself, but remember I was pleading for mercy.

The cuts of the cane did not come in rapid succession like the blows of the paddle. Each one was measured, deliberate, and carefully aimed, with time in between to anticipate the next.

Crack!

Crack!

I also lost all track of the count.

The pain was unbelievable. I would call it unendurable if I had not actually endured it.

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

"Ok, you've had your ten. Just a couple more to make up for you trying to get away. You're almost there, Mark."

Crack!

Crack!

I was crying harder than I have ever cried. Tears were dripping on the carpet, sweat rolling across my face.

"Ok, you can stand up now," Sarah said. "Your caning is over, Mark. You did well."

I slowly stood, and reached back to cup my butt cheeks in my palms to ease the pain. It did the opposite. I could not bear to touch myself there.

"Stand right there," Sarah said, then walked away toward the hallway closet by the bathroom.

She came back with a towel and a handkerchief for me.

I dried my tears and blew my nose, and tried to calm down while she moved the stool away and spread the towel out in front of me, reaching from my feet to the newly positioned stool. Sarah sat on the stool.

She allowed me a few moments to compose myself.

Sarah was sitting calmly and confidently on the stool, a very slight smile on her lips. I was standing naked and crying, in incredible pain, but with my humiliation not yet over.

Sarah was looking down toward me, and I realized for the first time that despite it all I had a raging hard-on.

"Now, Mark," Sarah said, nodding toward my penis, "I want you to take care of yourself."

When I did not move, being puzzled, she repeated.

"Go on now, I want you to take care of yourself," she nodded again toward my cock, not taking her eyes off of it. "Go ahead. Take your cock in your hand and finish yourself for me."

She smiled a slight bit more, still gazing between my legs.

I realized she expected me to masturbate for her.

I had never done that in anyone's presence. I was still sobbing a bit from the caning, but I reached down and started to stroke my erection.

"Don't look at your cock!" Sarah ordered. "Just look at me. Don't take your eyes off of me."

She kept her eyes on my cock, except for the occasional glace up to make sure I was looking at her.

"Now, Mark, when you get close to finishing, and you know you're going to come and can't stop it, I want you to let go of your cock and drop your hands to your sides. Then just stand there and let your cock squirt on its own."

She watched me stroke my cock, still with a slight smile on her face, seeming to enjoy the show, and as if the torture she had just administered to me had not happened.

I was in the position of the men in the femdom stories I had read, and I could not believe I was still aroused enough to masturbate for her, actually enjoying the fact that she seemed to enjoy watching.

"Uh! Uh!" I grunted as I felt it building.

When I reached the point of inevitability, I did what she had ordered. My hands dropped to my sides. A couple of seconds later, it started.

And so I stood there, completely naked, with tear-stained cheeks and eyes still swollen from crying, my ass burning with pain and no doubt bright red and covered with welts from my caning -- and my cock twitching as it squirted my cum onto the towel below, my dominant wife watching in amusement. "Ok, you can clean up now," Sarah said, smiling at me and looking in my eyes for the first time since my spanking began.

"Put your paddle and cane away where you can find them again, put the stool back and the towel in the laundry. Then go lay down on the bed for a rest," she went on.

I bent over slowly and picked up the towel, draping it around my neck. I carried the stool and the instruments of my torture back to the bedroom.

I took time in the bed room to examine the damage done to my still aching and burning backside. The sight frightened me. My ass was a fiery red, with the long, thin marks of the cane making parallel lines across, both high and low. Purplish welts raised up all around. It would take a while to heal -- even a while until I would be able to sit comfortably, I figured.

The ordeal had exhausted me, and Sarah was quite right that I should lay down to rest. I stretched out on the bed on my stomach. Momentarily, Sarah came in.

"Oh, you poor dear," she said, eyeing my sore ass. "You really did take a hard caning."

She said it as if she had nothing to do with it and it was something that just happened to me, like a fall.

She held a tube of some sort of ointment in her hand. She squeezed a little in her right hand, then put the tube down. With her lovely left hand gently caressing my back, she started to rub the cool cream on my wounds with her right hand. Her touch on those sensitive spots made me jump, and it did hurt to have her touch me there, but at the same time the cream and her touch had a soothing effect.

"This will make you feel better and keep you from getting any nasty infections," she said, now sounding like a mother taking care of a hurt child.

My emotions were hard to describe, and hard to accept. I deeply appreciated her loving touch, her concern and sympathy. I wanted to cling to her to be taken care of and comforted in this difficult and confusing ordeal.

Yet I knew all along that she was the cause of all of my pain and humiliation. I felt so much love for her as she comforted me but had a hard time reconciling that with the image of her looking amused as I, still in great pain, stood with my hands at my side and my cock erupting semen while she watched.

I recalled a story I heard about the terrible Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin. He was said to have brought a live chicken into a meeting with his top staff, and announced a demonstration on how to treat the Russian people. He then began to pluck handfuls of feathers from the live bird until it was naked and bloodied. He then threw the tortured bird on the floor at his feet, with a few kernels of corn. It huddled close to his black boots as if seeking comfort and protection.

"It's going to be OK. You did great," Sarah said. "Now you rest for a while, then come out to see me. Don't get dressed yet. Just think about anything you might want to say to me, then come out."

She left me there to process it all.

I still didn't know why I submitted. All those thoughts of how to play the situation to avoid confrontation about my secrets or talks about our relationship seemed now in hindsight as ways to avoid the deeper issue going on inside of me. Her demand that I present myself for a caning by an instrument of my own making was a demand that I submit to her, and I couldn't hide behind any temporary desire to avoid the discomfort of a conversation I didn't want to have.

I suspected that deep down all along I realized the choice was to submit or not and I just had to decide what role I wanted.

Still, why did she do it? Did she see what stories I read and figure I had a deep desire to be a submissive, so she fed that desire, or found it played into her desire to dominate? Or did she just feel her own desire to dominate and just demanded that I submit, and had I not the marriage would be over?

On the other hand. . .

I drifted off to sleep rolling it over in my mind, but not thinking for a minute about what I wanted to say to her.

I awoke about 90 minutes later and took about 10 more to clear the sleep from my eyes and stretch a bit. My butt felt better, but still sore, as it would be for days.

I didn't think about the situation, or what to do next, though I knew it was some kind of decision time.

I walked out to the living room and found Sarah sitting on the couch watching TV. She looked up at me with an inquisitive expression.

"How are you feeling?" she asked.

"Better," I said, then added, without thinking and for reasons I didn't understand, "Sarah, I'm sorry. And thanks for caning me."

"Come here," she smiled.

She pulled me down next to her.

Sarah was leaning partly against the arm of the couch and partly against the back, with her legs stretched out in front of her along the length of the long couch. She made room for me, still nude, on the edge and had me lean back against her shoulder. She put her right arm around me and held me close, then merely changed the subject.

She was watching a Comedy Central show, some stand-up comic, and started telling me about him and laughing. Soon we were watching TV together and were closer than we had been in years.

I ignored my sore ass, especially when, late in the comedy show, she reached down and started fiddling with my balls. She would rub my thigh, then play around with my balls or semi-hard cock, laugh along with the show, and gently caress my chest, brushing my nipples with her fingertips. Soon, I had a full erection that she made sure I maintained with her ministrations.

I started to look forward to getting to bed. The day had been confusing and painful, but arousing. I had images of an impassioned lovemaking session, fed by the kinky foreplay that had been going on all day.

But I was still imagining the old ways.

When the show wrapped up, Sarah sighed, " Well, it's getting late."

She killed the TV with the remote, then guided me up. She turned off the lamp, then grabbed my cock with her right hand.

"Come on, big guy," she said.

She started marching toward the bedroom ahead of me, still grasping my cock, leading me by it.

Without letting go in the bedroom she threw the covers on the bed back, then pushed me down toward the bed.

"On your back, big guy," she said.

Lying on my back on my sore ass wasn't my preferred position, but I complied.

I was amazed when my wife started to strip.

As I said, I had grown to resent her physical bashfulness through our marriage. For her to strip in front of me with the lights on was practically unheard of.

Yet she quickly peeled off her sweatshirt and unsnapped her bra. Those bountiful breasts bounced freely. Her nipples were already erect, and I cherished the rare sight.

It took her only seconds to unsnap and peel off her jeans, then her thong, leaving her nude, with that bright red bush beckoning to me. It would come to me soon enough.

Sarah jumped over me onto the bed.

After all the pain, it felt heavenly to have her warm, voluptuous body snuggle up next to me. Her breasts pressed into my side, her left leg curled up over my outstretched legs, then she stretched that leg out and rubber her lovely foot against my feet.

As her hand ran down my chest and belly until her fingers closed around my cock, she kissed me below my ear and bit the lobe lightly.

"You looked so sexy bent over that stool," she breathed heavily. "And you looked even sexier with your ass bright red!"

She crawled on top of me, still holding my now engorged cock. I was desperate for some pleasure to contrast all the pain and confusion that had taken place throughout the day.

Sarah rubbed her body up and down over mine. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her neck and ears, which she always loved.

She moved down a little, then guided my cock in to her hot and moist hole.

Sarah sat up and started to ride me.

I reached up and fondled those beautiful, big and pale breasts, but Sarah quickly took my hands, leaned forward, and pinned my arms down by my head as she continued to move back and forth, working my cock in and out of her.

"Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh!" she panted, working at a furious pace.

I realized that I was being held down and fucked. My ass still burned, rubbing against the sheets below me, but that discomfort was mild compared to the pleasure pulsing through my loins and I built toward a climax I felt would come from deep within me.

But suddenly she stopped.

In an instant she climbed up my body, placing her knees on my arms where her hands had held them tight before. With her hands now free, she pulled the lips of her sex apart the thrust her dripping cunt onto my mouth.

"Go for it, big guy," she said. "You know what to do. Get going!"

I plunged my tongue as deeply into her as I could, licked around her opening and pulled on her inner lips with my lips. I could not reach her clit, though. She leaned back, keeping that prize from me and her opening over my mouth. She rubbed her clit furiously with her fingers and I felt her sex getting hotter and hotter.

Her juices flowed freely, across my tongue and down into my throat.

She gushed when she came, and I swallowed, both as a defensive move to keep from downing in her cum, and because I savored the taste, and the erotic power of her essence.

She panted hard, and cried out, then pulled herself off my face, freeing my arms, and sliding down to lie next to me.

Mercifully, she grabbed by cock, and with a few short strokes had me erupting all over myself.

I could not see it; my eyes were closed. But I felt that same half-amused smile I saw when I last came, when my ass was so freshly burning.

"Good boy," she whispered. "Now go and clean up and turn out the light for me please," she said.

I did as I was told, as I had done all day, and perhaps in many more days to come.



Sarah's Way
bykylejer©

This story is a continuation of "Silent Submission," but under a new title because I found there is already another series under the original title. It would be helpful to read my Silent Submission story first, but not necessary, as its story line is summarized early on here. I appreciate feedback. Let me know if you like these stories, or what didn't work for you.

*

I awoke late the next morning, about 8, unheard of for me, even on a sleep-in Sunday morning. Sarah was already up, absent from the bed. My backside was still very sensitive. Even friction from the soft cotton sheets hurt.

With consciousness came the need to process all that had happened on Saturday. My lovely wife had caned me quite severely, and I let her do it; even made the cane for her. I still didn't know why, or why I submitted to it.

Yet somehow as the day ended I felt closer to my wife of five years than I ever had before. We had some comforting times after the torture, and some hot sex.

But what happened had to be addressed. I knew this, even though I also knew that one of the reasons I went through with it was to avoid having a conversation about our relationship and why she wanted to do that to me. It could have been her sexual fantasy, or mine, brought to life. It could have been punishment for wrongs real or perceived. Or both. Or whatever.

But no marriage can survive with partners wondering what such an unusual event was all about. I wasn't ready to give up on my marriage.

As apprehensive as I was about it, we had to talk. But I was hungry, so food was my first priority. With all the kinky sex I hadn't had supper on Saturday. I could faintly smell bacon frying. That was unusual. I was the main cook. Sarah almost never fixed breakfast, or any other meal that took actual cooking skills.

I arose, put on my robe, and made for the dining room.

"Good morning!" my wife beamed, with a morning attitude at bright as her long red hair. "You're just in time! I was about to come get you. I made you breakfast," she said.

I looked down at the table and saw a setting with bacon, biscuits, peach preserves, coffee and orange juice -- the comfort foods of my grandmother's house.

As I was looking, Sarah stepped toward me, planted a light kiss on my lips, and at the same time placed her hands at the opening of my robe, pulled it apart and slipped it off my shoulders. She smiled slightly as she folded the robe and draped it across the back of the chair at the head of the table, leaving me standing there nude.

Sarah had kept me nude since my caning, at 5 p.m. the day before. I took her immediately stripping me as an obvious sign she intended to continue her dominance. I needed to talk about it before we moved on, as much as I hated those relationship talks. But I had just walked into the room and wasn't ready to talk, especially when there was a hot breakfast for me at the table and I was a hungry man.

I sat down and began to eat.

"Thank you for doing this," I said. "I'm really hungry."

Sarah looked stunning that morning, her demeanor brighter than usual, with her beautiful, pale, freckled face seeming to beam, with a slight, enigmatic smile. Her long red hair was flowing about her shoulders, with a couple of stray strands across her face. She sat down and turned her chair sideways, stretching her feet out in front of her and crossing her legs at the ankles.

My gaze ran the length of her pink robe-clad body, remembering how her big breasts swayed over my face the night before as she held down my arms and rode me.

My eyes settled on her bare feet and I noticed for the first time that she must have taken time for a pedicure when she was out of the house before my caning Saturday. Sarah didn't know it, but I had something of a small foot fetish. When I see an attractive woman in sandals I always check out how she cares for her feet.

Sarah's had obviously been moisturized, with any calluses sanded away. They were even lighter than the rest of her fair skin, the nails neatly trimmed and sporting a soft and inviting peach-colored polish, not the red or black one might anticipate from a woman who showed signs of being a dominatrix some hours earlier.

"I figured you would be hungry" Sarah said, rubbing one foot slowly over the other as if she noticed that I checked out her pedicure.

Her bright and cheerful and even nurturing attitude was in stark contrast to the woman who had paddled and caned me so severely the day before.

"Did you rest well? How's your butt?" she asked.

"It hurts to sit down, but I did sleep like a log," I said.

"You had quite a day yesterday," she said. "By the way, I didn't get a chance to tell you. . ."

Sarah rambled on about the friends she went to see and the one who just got out of the hospital, whom I knew, too, but under the circumstances I barely listened. We just had the most significant day together since our marriage. I needed to know what was next.

"I'm really proud of you," Sarah said as I finished eating. "We had some nice times last night, despite the fact that I caned you pretty good."

She was probing my reaction, and I knew it.

"I just don't know why you did it. Or why I put up with it," I said. "Both are equal mysteries to me."

"Mmmm," Sarah mused. "I think I can help you with that, Mark. I know you need answers.

"Stand up," she said, standing herself.

I slowly rose, still naked.

"Trust me, Mark," she said pleasantly, but seriously. She lightly took my arms. "Keep your arms down at your sides. Don't touch yourself. Just do exactly as I say. Don't worry; I'm not going to hurt you."

She guided me directly in front of her chair and sat back down, her bare feet crossed closer to her now.

"Now, I need you to do this, Mark; don't just stand there and pretend, really do what I say and think about what I say. Now close your eyes."

She took a deep breath and paused.

"I want you to think about yesterday and all that happened," she began. "Think about how I met you in the living room and told you to appear there naked for a caning, and to bring me a paddle and a cane. . .

"Think about how you took the time and trouble to make that wonderfully nice cane for me to use on you. . .

"Think about bending over that stool and waiting for what was about to happen. . ." she paused after each line, giving me time to reflect.

"Think about how unendurable it was, but how you managed to endure it. . .

"Think about how I took care of you afterwards, soothed you, let you rest. . .

"Think about how we snuggled and were close later, and how the passion built up. . .

My cock began to stir as she went over it all. She paused for a longer time.

I felt her lightly touch the side of my left leg with her toe, beginning a slow caress.

"Now think about belonging to me," she went on with a sultry, sexy voice, again with a long pause as her toe continued to caress my leg.

"Think about being naked when I want you naked. . .

"Think about bending over when I want you to bend over. . .

"Think about those moments of anticipation when you know what's going to happen to you, but you don't know why. . .

"Think about having the courage to endure it, for my sake. . .

The gentle caress of her lovely foot had worked its way up higher to the outside of my left thigh.

"Think about being loved and cared for by me, who would value you as her most treasured possession."

I opened my eyes and watched that beautiful foot tracing against my leg. I saw my cock pointing straight out at her. I looked at her face, but she did not catch my eye. She was staring directly at my horizontal cock. With that caressing foot she lightly touch the tip of my cock with her toe, then raised her eyes to meet mine.

"It looks like your friend knows why you bent over for me yesterday," she said. "They say men listen to their cocks more than they listen to their wives. Think about what yours is telling you now."

She kept the tip of that toe on the tip of my cock and smiled a knowing smile. Her robe had fallen open a bit from lifting her leg high. She did not move to cover herself, as the old Sarah I knew would have. My eyes ran from that beautiful toe down the length of her leg to the triangle of red hair now visible between her legs, and up to those knowing green eyes.

"Run to the bathroom and get that little bottle of cucumber fragrance lotion that came in that gift pack you got me at Valentine's Day, and a hand towel," she said.

I was thankful for the break to think about what she said and my body's reaction to it. I felt that knot in my stomach again and realized I had not done very well at processing all this so far. I had become putty in her hands, and sensed she knew it and was gently pressing her advantage.

I returned quickly, my cock still bobbing in the air, sticking straight out. Sarah had opened her robe more, and now her breasts were exposed, allowing me to see the entire length of her body, something she used to deny me out of what I thought was annoying bashfulness.

She sat up a bit and pulled her legs closer to herself, crossing her ankles under her chair.

"Sit down on the floor in front of me," she said. I tried to hand her the lotion as I moved to sit down.

"No, no," she said. It's for my feet. Put some on your hands and massage my feet."

I sat down with my legs folded in front of me, but she had me stretch out my legs on either side of her chair, leaving me sitting on the floor with my legs spread wide. She stretched out her legs and presented her feet, which held down my throbbing cock.

I started to massage her feet with the lotion, taking one at a time, then moving back and forth to be thorough with each.

"You know, I've noticed how when we go out someplace and some pretty woman walks by with sandals or barefoot, you always look down at her feet. And if she has really nice feet, you keep watching as much as you can until she goes by. Now, I would say you might have a foot fetish. That's great if you do. I love having my feet rubbed. I had them done up nice so you would feel better about worshiping them," she said.

"I don't know if I would call it a fetish. But I do appreciate a nice pair of feet on a woman and take notice," I admitted. "Your feet are really lovely this morning."

"Why, thank you," Sarah said. "You usually don't complement me like that."

After concentrating on her ankles, which she always loved whenever I gave her a foot massage, I spread more lotion on the bottoms of her feet, which were smooth and soft after her pedicure. I worked my thumbs back and forth.

"That feels very nice," she said. "Thank you."

I reached lower and pressed my cock up against the soles of her feet.

"Go ahead, put some lotion on your cock and massage the bottom of my feet with it," Sarah invited.

It felt fantastic. I appreciated pretty feet, but never thought about making love to them; I couldn't imagine how it was done. But the feel of the lotion, the skin of her soles and the sight of her lovely feet was getting me more and more turned on. I sensed she knew all along that it would.

Soon, she pushed my hands away with her feet, then cupped my cock between her arches.

"Squirt a little lotion in there," she said.

I did, then leaned back, bracing myself with my now idle arms behind me, then watched as she started to stroke my member with her insteps.

She held my cock between her toes, pressed it against the top of one foot with the toes of the other, held it back against my belly with one foot, then slowly stroked its underside with the toes of the other.

I was getting my first foot job, and was in absolute heaven watching and feeling it.

Soon, she started paying attention to my balls, lightly massaging them with her toes.

"To be honest, I've always had a bit of a fetish about men's balls," she said. "I'm fascinated with those sensitive little glands hanging outside your body where anyone can get at them. I think I'm going to have some fun playing with yours."

I wasn't sure I liked the sound of that, but at that moment I was concentrating on the sensuality of a foot job. I didn't know my wife could be so sensual -- or so cruel, as I considered the contrast between this and the caning on Saturday.

She became more aggressive with my nuts, kneading them with the balls of her feet. It didn't hurt yet, but made me fidgety, even as the massaging of my cock brought me closer to eruption.

"Hold still," she whispered.

She pushed my cock back against my belly with her right foot, stroking it up and down, still lubricated by the generous amount of lotion.

Her left foot pressed my balls against the floor. She rolled them back and forth and seemed to try to feel each one independently with her toes. It started to hurt, and I groaned. She became more forceful, at the same time she quickened the pace on my cock.

I looked at those feet that turned me on so much, even when I first saw them that morning, looked up her smooth, fair legs to her red bush; her midsection that carried those few extra pounds that I actually liked; up to her big, inviting breasts, and to the emerald eyes focused on what she was doing to me.

I realized that at that moment I desired, more than I ever had before, this beautiful woman who had caned me so severely just a day ago.

Meanwhile, her left foot pressed ever harder onto my balls as her right foot masturbated me. My manhood was beneath the soles of her feet, giving me both pain and pleasure.

"Ahhhhh!" I screamed/shouted/moaned, not knowing if it was a cry of ecstasy or agony. She sensed my orgasm was starting to build, so she stopped the kneading of my hurting balls and just gently put pressure on them.

That intensified the eruption that shot my semen clear to the underside of my chin, after I threw my head back and cried out.

"Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhh!"

After catching my breath, I picked up the hand towel and cleaned her feet first, then my entire belly and chest and chin, and the drops that clung to my cock, which was starting to deflate.

She lifted it with the tip of her toe.

"He's shown you how he feels about belonging to me," she said. "Will you show me how you feel?"

She raised her right foot up and presented it to me.

I took her foot and kissed it, looking up at her eyes. She looked down on me and smiled.

Unbidden, I picked up her left foot and kissed it, too. Her smile broadened, even more as I flicked my tongue along her toes.

"Go jump in the shower, while I clean up from breakfast," she said.

I stood up and was about to walk off and do as I was told, but I turned and looked at her. Putting my arms around her, I pulled her close and kissed her tenderly on the lips. I wasn't sure that she would allow it, under the circumstances, but it was important to me. She accepted my kiss.

"I love you," I said.

"I know," she replied. "I love you, too. Now do as I said."

"What have I done?" I thought to myself as I stood under the hot cascading water. I had assented, by gesture rather than words, that I would belong to Sarah -- be owned be her. Submit to her way, and at that point I had little information about what Sarah's way would be like. So far, it had been filled with both intense pain and intense pleasure. Perhaps that was enough for me.

I bent over for my caning on Saturday because I wanted to, she had shown me. That thought scared me. There was no sense denying that I had kissed her feet in assent for the same reason. But what did that mean?

I bore the caning, but had read enough BDSM stories to know I might have agreed to something I really didn't want. I couldn't be a 24-7 lifestyle submissive like the fictional ones in stories I had read. I couldn't accept a relationship in which I was hung by my arms for hours at a time with nipple clamps tormenting me while a party of strangers laughed at me and took turns flogging me.

But I trusted that that's not what Sarah had in mind. We really did have a nice night together after I submitted to her caning. And this morning had been fantastic, from a sensual standpoint.

But what would be her rules? Did I really want a wife who set all the rules?

As if to keep me from thinking about it too much (was that really her strategy?), Sarah suddenly entered the bathroom, pulled off her robe, and opened the shower door. She was gloriously naked. For five years now I had wished she would open up and lose her inhibitions. Now she seemed to have lost them, as long as she was in charge.

"I'm going to join you!" she said cheerfully.

She stepped into the shower with me just as I had finished washing myself.

"This is my soap," she said, picking up from her soap tray the scented bar she bought at some fancy boutique. She handed it to me.

"Don't do my hair or my face; I need to take care of that myself, but do a good job of washing the rest of me," she said. I took it as an order, even though it was said in a friendly tone that did not come across as an order.

I had never stopped loving her, even during those recent months when resentment and disappointment ruled our relationship. I had never stopped loving her body, which she used to fear wasn't worthy of my worship. But now here was my beautiful wife naked for me, inviting me to run my hands all over her.

She was a master -- a mistress -- at giving me what I so longed for, after I paid with my obedience and submission to her wants.

I rubbed the bar first between her breasts, then circled them both, ran the bar over them several times, then across her belly before putting it down. I started to rub the soap into her skin, lifting her breasts and working the soap underneath, feeling her erect nipples rub against my palms. . .

"I want you to wash me, not fondle me," she admonished.

I reached around her back with the soap, down to her butt cheeks, then back around in front.

"My legs first," she said before I touched her pussy.

I thoroughly washed one at a time as she lifted them up for me, concentrating on cleaning those perfect feet.

Then I covered my hands in soap and cupped her sex. She taught me how to wash her there, then turned around and bent over.

"Now the other side," she said.

I ran the bar of soap between her butt cheeks.

"You'll want to wash me really, really good there," she said, spreading her cheeks on her own.

I ran my hand deep between her crack and soaped up her butt hole. She asked me to do it again, and when I mistook her urging for permission to go on sexually, she stopped me.

"No, I don't want your finger up my ass. You're bathing me, not fingering me."

After I made sure her entire body was well rinsed, she pushed down on the tops of my shoulders to have me kneel, turned off the water and raised her left leg to the edge of the tub.

Her hand pulled my head forward, but I knew what she wanted, and began to lick her honey pot, still sweet with her moisture, showing that she had been aroused by the foot job experience, too.

"That's OK, just a little," she soon stopped me, then turned around and bent over.

"Now the other side," she said.

Surely, she didn't. . .

"I've always wondered what it would be like to have a man lick me there," she said, spreading her cheeks for me. "You get to be the first."

I complied.

I ran my tongue the length of her butt crack, replaced her hands with mine in keeping her spread, then went deeper.

Tentatively, I touched the tip of my tongue to her asshole.

"Ohhhhhhh!"she exclaimed on first feeling the sensation.

I couldn't bear yet to aggressively lick her there, as I could do to her pussy, so I continued to touch and brush the very tip of my tongue around the puckered opening.

"Oh my god!" she exclaimed. "That feels fantastic! I can't believe it! What an odd and totally hot sensation!"


Wanting to please her more, I began to lick around her hole, and the areas around that, and up and down between her cheeks.

"Oh!!!" she cried out. I'm definitely going to have you spend more time back there!"

With that, she stopped me and had me stand.

"Don't worry, Mark!" she said, turning to me."There's no way I would have you do that to me unless I was really, really clean. I just wanted to know what it felt like, and I loved it! But I'm not going to make you do something disgusting just because I can.

"I love you, Mark," she said taking my hands. "Trust me."

She dried me off like a little boy getting out of the shower.

"I started a grocery list and left it on the table. Take a look at it and try to think of what else we need. I want you to teach me how to make your Shrimp Scampi tonight. Michelle and I want to make it for Suzanne," she said. "Now get dressed. We're going to the store."

The rest of Sunday was just delightful. In fact, all of Sunday was delightful, even taking into account the pain in my balls from her foot job. In hindsight it seemed only to heighten my orgasm.

It's like we were dating again. We went grocery shopping together and I told her how to select the best shrimp for making scampi, judge the freshness of garlic, and why unsalted butter was best. When we first met it was clear I was the cook. I wanted to teach her, but she never seemed to take an interest until now.

We also laughed together, as we did listening to the comic after my Saturday caning.

Back at the house, she asked questions and marveled at my skill as we worked on a gourmet dinner together.

It wasn't me preparing a dinner for her, only to be disappointed later by her falling asleep, before we could make love. Something better was happening.

I had prepared this meal many times for her, with an impressive presentation that by then she knew well.

"Ok, we're ready to serve now?" she said.

"Except that I forgot to slice some lemon garnishes," I replied, taking the rest of the lemon we used to squeeze the juice for the scampi.

"I can take care of that," she said. "I remember how you set it all up. I'll get it on the table. You go and leave your clothes in the bedroom and come back to join me. I'll pour the wine, too."

I paused a second because it was a sudden change of direction of the afternoon and evening.

"Go!" she said. "I want you undressed for dinner!"

I recalled her words as she ran her bare foot up and down my thigh: "Think about being naked when I want you naked. . ."

I left for the bedroom and took my time undressing. I knew from experience how much time it took to get everything on the table.

I timed it perfectly, returning naked to see my place set and Sarah waiting for me.

Sarah didn't have anything sexual in mind for dinner. We ate together like a newly married couple, only I was naked and she was not. She made no reference to me being exposed, nor did I.

When we finished, she helped me clean up the dishes. We had an unspoken rule in the house, that if one fixes the meal, the other cleans up the kitchen. Since I usually cooked, she usually cleaned up.

I took the gesture as significant. I was trying to feel out this situation. I had, while spent from a moment of erotic passion, made a gesture that demonstrated my willingness to be "owned" by her. She was not trying to make me a household slave responsible for all the work.

In fact, except for the fact that she caned me unmercifully, crushed my balls beneath her foot and had me lick her asshole, she had never been so nice to me.

I couldn't help bursting out laughing at the thought.

"What??" Sarah asked, puzzled.

"Nothing," I said.

"Come on now, it wasn't nothing. What are you laughing at?"

"Just something I thought of."

She pressed and I resisted.

"Mark!" she said with a tone of warning in her voice.

I told the truth.

"It just crossed my mind that except for the fact that you caned me unmercifully crushed my balls beneath your foot and had me lick your asshole, you had never been so nice to me," I said. "That just struck me as funny."

Sarah chuckled a bit too and seemed unsure at how to respond to what was an obviously ridiculous contradiction.

"Well, I think we're both going to be happier with Sarah's way," she said, referring to herself in the third person.

We watched TV and snuggled as the night before after my caning. I remained nude. She got ready for bed, and sat on the coach with me, wearing her pajamas.

Later, I slipped into bed first. She threw the covers back when she came, took her spot next to me, then surveyed my body from head to toe.

"You really are a sexy guy," she said, rubbing her hand along my chest and belly. "I know I was pretty mean to you at times this weekend. But I was only thinking of what would make us both happier. And you seemed to agree."

She started to kiss my chest and quickly worked her way down.

I marveled at the brilliance of the woman who owned me. Every step of the way she was ahead of me, and knew how to play me. I might have called it manipulative back when resentment instead of dominance and submission marked our relationship.

She had acknowledged what she had done to me, but before that could become an issue in our conversation, started to kiss my body. The same thought goes through every man's mind when a woman starts to kiss him and works her way lower and lower. And every man wants it to end the same way and doesn't want to say or do anything that will stop it.

I had gone from a man who let his wife cane him to avoid talking about our relationship to a man who wanted desperately to talk about the new relationship -- only to be silenced by my desire to take in the pleasure she was offering.

Earlier, I didn't complain about her crushing my balls because I so desired the pleasure she was bringing by cock.

I said not a word, and she took me in her mouth, an unusual move for a dominatrix, if the stories I read were any indication.

The warmth and moisture of a woman's mouth are sublime for a man. I groaned, caressed her soft red hair, and forgot about any moment of pain that had happened in the past 48 hours.

Sarah brought be off, and in contrast to Saturday night, it was she who swallowed my come.

"After all I put you through, I thought you deserved that," Sarah said. "Don't forget that I love you, Mark. And don't forget that you belong to me."

With that, she pressed her head into her pillow with a slight smile on her face, ready to go to sleep.

Monday started a new work week, the daily grind for married couples of working age, and I wondered how doing things Sarah's way would fit in with the necessities of daily life. Already, I got the idea that I wasn't to be a 24-7 submissive made to crawl around and eat from a dog dish.

The early part of the week was pretty uneventful. As days went by, I found that I was to sleep nude from now on. I the morning, I was to go about my routine shaving and having coffee and a bite to eat in the nude. Then I dressed for work as usual and went off, from now on not forgetting to kiss her goodbye before she left for work.

In the evenings she was again more loving and affectionate than she had been before. She did not for the most part interfere with my usual evening pleasures -- taking time to read, surf the Internet a little, or watch a favored TV show. At some point she would have me undress for bed.

On Wednesday, she had me undress a little earlier, with the simple command "Go get ready for bed," which by then I knew what meant.

She had me sitting on the couch rubbing lotion on her feet, but made no move to expand that into the foot job I enjoyed on Sunday. She went off to get ready for bed herself, and soon told me to turn everything off and come to bed.

I found her on the bed with her pajama bottoms and panties off, her knees up and her legs spread wide.

"Something I never let you find out about me is that every once in a while 'she' needs to come out and get some air," she said about her vagina, marking the first time I had heard a woman refer to her own sex that way.

She was rubbing herself lightly.

"I was always too embarrassed to let you know before, let alone watch. But now things are different. But right now it's not air that she wants, but attention. I'm glad I own a man who can give her some."

My cock rose on seeing her on display, but not so much at the erotic sight of a beautiful woman spread wide open, but at the idea that my wife had opened up to me so much.

I licked her slowly, the way she always liked it. I so love the taste and smell of a woman, and like to savor it, and have found that by working her slowly I enjoy more of her flavor and essence than I would if I tried to bring her off with furious tongue action early.

Licking the edges of her inner labia, I worked around the circle of her opening before circling her clit, then poking it deliberately with the tip of my tongue. I considered it a privilege when her come flowed over my tongue.

She cried out, thrashed about, thanked me, then turned on her side.

I snuggled against her, spoon-fashion, with my erection pressing against her ass.

When she made no move to respond, I pressed harder, and pumped my hips back and forth to signal my arousal. Married men know the routine well.

"Mark!" Sarah said, pulling herself away.

I was still thinking in the old ways, in which resentment ruled our marriage. I was still getting used to the idea that nothing about Sarah's way was fair, or was supposed to be. I had agreed to it for other reasons.

Still, thinking about the old ways, I tried to negotiate, albeit timidly.

"So I'm not allowed to come, then?" I said.

Sarah shot up in bed and turned the lamp on.

"Mark! You belong to me now!" she said, emphatically. "Your body belongs to me.

"This belongs to me," she went on, grabbing my cock. These belong to me."

She grasped my testicles.

"Your orgasms belong to me. You will never be allowed to come," she said, frightening me. "You will be required to come. When I want an orgasm from you I will ask for it or produce it in the way that I see fit.

"Mark, don't worry. I know you need release, especially after some of the things I do to you. I'm not going to run some kind or orgasm denial game just to drive you crazy. I know what you need and you will get it. But sometimes I have a bigger picture or other plans in mind, but I do not feel obligated to tell you what I'm thinking.

"But, OK, if you must insist on coming tonight, if you cannot sleep without it, go get a washcloth."

I wasn't sure if that was an order, an option, or an admonishment, or all three. But I got up and came back with an old washcloth.

She stopped me at the edge of the bed.

"Just stand there and do it; you don't need to get into bed," she said.

I hesitated, knowing that she meant for me to masturbate. The desire that built from my licking her started to wane.

"Sarah, it's OK, I don't need to. . ."

She rolled he eyes as if exasperated at me.

"Your orgasm is required," she said sternly.

I stood there and started to stroke my member.

I felt ashamed doing this in front of my wife, who was unwilling to help me out the way I had just helped her. But I belonged to her now, we had decided. It was an uncomfortable moment for me, masturbating for her again. But it was not a painful moment, and the erotic intensity of our relationship had never been so intense since I submitted to her dominance.

I told myself that that's why I went along, but the way she was able to manipulate me told me she had a deeper understanding of why than I did myself.

It was taking me a while. To help hurry me along, Sarah pulled back the covers and pulled down her top to show me those magnificent breasts.

I finished into the washcloth.

"Good boy," Sarah said. "Now go put it with the dirty towels and come to bed."

At least she had not paddled or caned me during the week, I thought. But a weekend was coming up, and something told me there would be some new experiences in store for me as I learned more about Sarah's way.

Sarah's Way Ch. 02
bykylejer©

Note: This is actually the third chapter in this series. The first chapter was called "Silent Submission." The title was changed because there are other series with that old title. I realize this relationship is different than what actually takes place among people devoted to the BDSM lifestyle, but it's a theme I wanted to explore.

*

It was coming up on a week since the initial caning that marked the beginning of Sarah's dominance of me. In the back of my mind was the realization that sooner or later she would go back there. Both the cane and the paddle were readily available in the bedroom.

I didn't know if she would spank me again because she enjoyed it, or thought I did, but I was certain that she would do so if I made her angry.

And in any marriage you irritate one another from time to time. Oddly, the fact that she had caned me so severely and also made my balls ache by crushing them under her foot did not irritate me, but seemed to draw me closer to her in a way I did not understand.

What irritated me was not being able to ask her why she did certain things, even simple things like having me get naked for dinner. She made clear in those first few days that I was not to expect her to explain what she was thinking. I was to just obey, and she would take good care of me.

And she had. She seemed to take a greater interest in what was going on in my office and progress in my hobbies, and was generally more affectionate and supportive.

But I knew another caning was coming. I wasn't sure how I would react. I didn't know why she was caning me the first time, and didn't know why I submitted. Would I be so compliant if I knew I was being punished but thought the punishment was undeserved?

I knew I would submit, but wondered if at that point her dominance would begin to irritate me instead of turn me on. Then what?

The situation didn't take long to play out. It was Friday, a day short of a week since that first caning, and I had recovered pretty well. She told me that morning that after supper she would be running to the mall to shop for a birthday present for her mom, and I would be on my own.

We had decided not to go out to eat. We just had a couple of sandwiches at home and were cleaning up when she asked, "So what are you going to do tonight?"

"I thought I'd get the tackle box cleaned up and clean my reels. Spring is about here, and I'm getting pumped for fishing season to start."

"Why don't you go to the 'Y'?" she said. "You were spending a lot of time there through most of the winter, and I could see the results. You were getting in better shape, but you haven't been there in almost a month. You're going to lose what you gained."

The YMCA membership came as an unexpected benefit from my employer and I had taken advantage of it. It had become a very minor issue between us because I had been urging her to come along with me, as I thought it was something we could do together, and we had been growing apart.

Now, I love my wife's body, even those few extra pounds that to me give her a feel of authenticity, a real woman and not some unreachable supermodel obsessed with thinness. My appeals to her to come along were honestly in the search for ways to spend some time together, not to suggest she needed to work off the pounds.

But to go back to that appeal post-caning, under life Sarah's way, was a major mistake.

"Well, I wish you would come with me," I said. "I'll admit I got a little lazy lately, but one of the reasons I was going there so much was in hopes of drawing you in to go with me. When you wouldn't come along I started to lose interest. I know I was getting in better shape, but you could stand to get in better shape, too."

I heard her gasp behind me after I said that, as I was placing some dishes in the dishwasher.

When I turned to look at her, I saw her mouth open in disbelief, her face reddening to match her hair and her green eyes widening in anger.

"Take. Off. Your. Clothes!" she said, very deliberately, emphasizing each word. In anticipation of leaving me alone for the evening, she had not had me undress, as she did at some point every night.

"Sarah, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. I was just encouraging you to come with me sometime so we can spend. . ."

"Take off your clothes! Right now, right where you stand! Leave them in a pile right here, then go get your paddle!"

"Sa------." I started to say her name to make another appeal that nothing was meant by that comment -- and nothing was. But I realized quickly that my choices were to make this the critical issue and try to end this dominance and submission game over it, or to comply as ordered. To try to talk her out of it would only make things worse if I was going to ultimately comply anyway.

Still dressed for work, I pulled off my tie and started fumbling with the buttons on my shirt.

I had made a commitment. I had agreed that I would belong to her. It brought me some painful, embarrassing and even some disgusting moments, but it also brought us closer. I didn't want to go back to the way things were.

I peeled off my undershirt and started to fiddle with my belt before realizing I would have to deal with my shoes first. I bent to take them off, peeling off my socks while I was at it, then dropped my pants and stepped out of them.

I still had not looked at her as I yanked down my underwear, and turned and walked away naked, my clothes in a pile on the floor where I stood, as ordered.

She did not request the stool or the cane, so I did not bring them, only the paddle.

I found her sitting in the center of the sofa, glaring at me as I returned, with an angry and hurt look on her face.

"Here," she said. "Over my knees."

She snatched the paddle from me.

"I'm so sorry, Sarah. I didn't mean anything by that," I said as I assumed a position across my wife's knees, my hands in front of me on the floor. "I only wanted to find a way to spend more time together!"

It all happened so quickly. We had a simple but pleasant bite to eat together and were chatting about evening plans. Suddenly, in less than two minutes, I was naked and across her knees about to receive a paddling I suspected would be severe.

I could not remember how young I was the last time I was taken over my mother's knee. Even then, she never used a paddle. Then, like now, the worst part was not the pain or the anticipation of it. It was the fact that, fair or not, you had to let her do it.

Sarah said not a word in reply to my pleadings, but shut me up with the first hard blow. She was not going to warm me up slowly at first as she had less than a week before. She started out fast and furious, each blow at full force, and in rapid succession.

"Owwwww!"I shouted at the first one. Instinct started my hands back, but I quickly repented of that thought.

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!"

"How dare you speak to me that way!" she broke her silence. "I cannot have you talk to me like that, Mark, and I won't! That is so insulting! To think that you would even think of saying such a thing to me! I am so disappointed in you!"

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!"

It went on and on. I cried out. My legs kicked back and forth in the air; my butt squirmed as if looking for a way off her knees and out of harm's way.

"Hold still!"

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!"

"I'm sorrrrrrrry! Pleeeeeease stop! Sarah! Please!" I was crying by then. The pain just wouldn't end.

She suddenly stopped. "I can't allow this, Mark," she said after a pause, as if searching for something to say. I realized she stopped not for me, but for her, to rest her arm and catch her breath.

I was about to fill the void with more pleadings, hoping to end it, but before I could get a word out, she resumed.

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!" Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!"

When she got tired again, she stopped.

"Get up!" Sarah said calmly but sternly.

She stood up with me, then grabbed my nuts hard. I tried to pull away by bending at the waist in the instinctive male protective move, but she had them firm and hard. She pulled back as I tried to pull away and the pain shot through me. She started to walk away, and I followed to keep pressure off my package. I was led by my balls to a corner of the room and forced to my knees.

She disappeared momentarily and came back with a box of tissues, which she threw in front of me. I reached for them immediately, wiping and blowing my nose, as she went away again.

I didn't have much time to clean up from my paddling-induced crying. She returned from the kitchen with my tie. She pulled my hands behind me and tied them at the wrist.

"This is to keep you from touching yourself while you kneel here with your ass bright red like some sort of room decoration," Sarah said. "Since obviously being spanked turns you on, I don't want you to get the idea that you were spanked to give you any pleasure."

She finished tying my hands, then moved forward, on one knee beside me, resting her right hand on my back. I was still avoiding looking at her.

"Now, Mark, I spanked you because I'm angry with you, to punish you for what you said. You said you're sorry, but that's not good enough. If you want things to be right between us again, then you have to think of a way to make it right, to show how much you regret what you've done and to show that you really want to make things right for me."

And so I knelt facing the corner, like a spanked little boy, only with my hands tied behind me with my own necktie and my cock mysteriously pointed at the corner.

It went down before too long. So did the lingering pain, in my ass and my balls.

Sarah got ready to leave on her excursion. I feared she would order me to remain in the corner until she returned.

She untied my hands after about an hour.

"Ok, you can get up now. I'm going to do my shopping. Think about what I said. You are not to get dressed. You can go ahead and fool with your fishing lures naked if you want, or go to the 'Y' naked, but you are going to stay naked, probably for the whole weekend. As a matter of fact, after tomorrow, you're going to be really naked."

Sarah left me wondering what she meant by that, and thinking about what I could do to make up for my transgression, as she ordered.

I rested from my paddling, fooled around with my fishing reels for a time, then did some minor preparations for Sarah's return.

As expected, when she came back she made no move to seek me out, but changed and went to her usual spot on the couch and turned on the TV. That's generally what she did when she was upset with me, before she started spanking me.

After she settled in, I went to her silently with a small tub of water, a washcloth, some lotion and a towel. I sat at her feet, pulled off her socks and started to wash her feet. She had worn sandals out, the weather being warm enough now.

Sarah made no comment, nor did she move to stop me. After I washed and dried her lovely feet, I lay flat on the floor, becoming a footrest for her. I embraced one foot to my upper chest and started to delicately kiss the other.

Yes, I have to admit, I do have something of a foot fetish, because I like the look and soft feel of women's feet. But it never extended to a desire for toe-sucking. Nevertheless, I kissed the tip of her big toe, then took it in my mouth and sucked on it gently, then circled it with my tongue, cleaning it thoroughly, and licking between her toes.

I took the next toe in my mouth and did the same, working my way across her foot, sucking on each toe in its turn. Then I embraced that foot while I did the other.

I held her feet to my face and kissed the bottoms softly. Still not a word transpired between us.

I sat up, took the lotion and rubbed it between by palms, and dabbed more on each foot individually. I gave her the most sensuous foot massage I knew how.

After an hour of worshipping her feet, with her casually and silently watching TV, I picked up each foot and planted light sensual kisses on each.

"I'm sorry about what I said, Sarah. Please forgive me. I want to make things right with you."

"Thank you very much, Mark. That felt lovely. But I think you really love worshipping my feet. You're not going to make things right with me by doing something you love."

I was crushed.

I looked down, picked up the things I had brought, and took them away to clean up.

In the bedroom alone, I tossed the bottle of lotion against a wall, punched the mattress on the bed, gritted my teeth and held back an erupting tantrum.

I had done nothing wrong. I was encouraging us spending time together!

In repayment, she paddled me into a crying fit, stuck me in a corner like a naughty boy and made me stay naked all night.

I repaid that by worshipping her feet, even sucking on her toes, something I did not particularly enjoy. Yet she rejected that kindness and wanted more.

I had to hold back from making noise that would draw her to me, and draw more ire from her, having felt what that was like.

The old resentments came rising back, for the first time since agreeing to do things Sarah's way. I long feared resentments would consume our relationship, but submitting myself to her seemed, at least for a week, to set those resentments aside. We had grown closer, despite the pain she sometimes inflicted.

I reached another decision point, as I did when I first made that cane for her and bent over that stool. I recalled how that wiped out the resentments, up until now.

In a calmer state, I thought about whether the resentments would consume us, or if my silent submission would save us.

How much I really adored her, even after that late afternoon paddling, brought me back to reality, and to what I really craved.

The knot in my stomach tightened more than ever before; I felt sick to my stomach thinking about it.

But I picked it up from its place, lying flat along the top of the bookcase in the bedroom, and carried it out to her, with the stool in the other hand. I placed the stool in the middle of the room.

I presented the cane stretched out on my open palms, my eyes cast down.

"I'm so sorry about what I said, Sarah," I pleaded. "Please cane me."

She took the cane from my hands.

"Thank you," she said. "I will. It really means a lot to me that you brought me this and asked me to cane you. That really shows how much you want things to be right, and shows that you realize belonging to me is what you really want. I really think we're going to be all right. This is a big moment, Mark.

She handed the cane back to me.

"But I'm not going to cane you now," she said. "Put the cane away, but leave the stool there. I want it there as a reminder of what's to come.

"I don't want a caning to interfere with what I have in mind for tomorrow," she said, seeming to think out loud. "I'll tell you what, come to me Sunday night and ask for an appointment for your caning. We'll figure it out then."

She came into the bathroom with a bright and cheerful attitude when I was getting ready to shave the next morning. She put her arms around me from behind and pressed her robe-clad body against me. I was still naked, of course. She ran her hands along my chest and belly and pressed her cheek against my back.

"Mmmmm," she moaned. "How do you feel today?" she asked, with a hand descending down, rubbing over my cock and massaging my balls.

"Pretty good," I said, though wary of what was up with this display of affection. "I think I slept pretty well."

"Good," she said, pulling her hands back and opening her robe. She pressed her now-nude front against my back, rubbing her breasts against me while her hands went back to work on my chest and cock.

"I need you to be strong and well-rested, because I'm going to fuck you tonight," she said. My cock started to rise as soon as she touched it, but with those words and those magnificent mounds rubbing against me I was at full staff very quickly.

"Why wait until tonight?" I said. "I'm ready now."

She chuckled.

"I'll decide when you're ready. Why don't you go to the 'Y' this morning? I'll need you back here this afternoon. Don't worry about changing and showering there. Your butt looks fine. The paddle doesn't leave obvious marks like the cane does."

She pulled away, closed her robe and left me to shave and anticipate some hot sex later. I hoped that she would let me mount her or take her from behind like we used to do, but I expected under the new order of things she would be on top. That was OK, though, for I always loved that position too, especially how her breasts bounced as she rode me.

So I went to the 'Y' and it felt good to work out again. We agreed to meet for lunch, having a couple of margaritas each with our meals at a fine Mexican restaurant. Sarah continued her bright and cheerful attitude, reached out and held my hands across the table, even slipped off her sandal and teased my leg with her foot.

We talked like normal married couple talk. I studied those bright green eyes as we conversed and fell more and more in love with this new woman who could both thrill me with her charms and punish me with severely.

Things seemed normal enough that I braved a question.

"So is it going to be sex your way tonight?" I asked.

The smile faded from her face and she looked seriously at me.

"Everything is my way now, Mark," she said. "I thought we were clear on that. Maybe I need to hear it from you again."

I felt bad about having disappointed her with the question and cast my eyes down. I lifted her hand up and kissed it tenderly, then whispered, soft enough to be sure no one else could hear.

"I love belonging to you, Sarah."

Her smile returned.

Out in the parking lot before we got in our separate cars, she checked her watch. "You have about four hours before I'll need you. I have to run and pick up a few things. When you go home it's OK if you want to work outside or something, but if you go in remember to undress. Remember you bought yourself a lot of naked time last night."

She gave me a kiss and announced that she would see me later, then took off.

This was so much different than the dominance and submission relationships I had read about in stories, where the mistress is always stern and the sub always subservient with no life at all except that of the humiliation of servitude. Sarah was being more of a loving wife than she had been in years, yet at the same time had a matter-of-fact attitude about my obedience to her and submission to whatever she wanted to do to me.

I found both sides of her personality extremely appealing and looked forward to whatever our time together later would bring me.

Be careful what you wish for.

It was about 4 in the afternoon when I was naked and building a rod -- a real fishing rod, not a cane for beating me -- in my basement workshop when she called to me.

"Mark, wrap up what you're doing. I need you upstairs in the main bathroom."

As I approached I was puzzled by the presence of the vacuum cleaner outside the bathroom door.

Wearing an older robe, Sarah stood holding a barber's electric razor plugged in. Sitting on the counter next to her were a ladies' shaving razor and a can of shaving cream. I was startled, but had no time to think about what was about to happen or to ask what was going on -- as if asking questions about her intentions was permitted.

"Ok, just stand still and I'll tell you how and when to move," she said as soon as I stood still and looked around. She turned on the razor immediately and applied it to my chest. With a quick swipe of the buzzing instrument she carved a path down the middle of my chest, then started to work to the left.

"Oh, no," I groaned. "Please."

"Don't start, Mark. It's best if you are just quiet for now. We'll have some supper together and chat a little bit after we're done here."

She shaved my chest hair, then had me lift my arms to get my underarms. I am not really a "bear" but have a bit of hair on my stomach and she took that too, working her way down.

Only the light hair on my forearms, hands and the hair on my head were left above my waist.

My public hair fell next, falling down onto the linoleum floor, which explained the presence of the vacuum cleaner.

She had me sit on the toilet lid and lift and spread my legs so she could get all angles all around my package. She squeezed my scrotum tightly between her thumb and forefinger to force my balls low in their sack, then ran the electric razor lightly over my balls.

The shaving of my butt felt the most humiliating. She took all the hair off my cheeks. I was being shorn like a sheep. Worse yet, I was made to bend over and spread my cheeks while she took all the hair around my anus.

My legs she worked from the bottom up, instructing me on how to stand or lift a leg.

She was thorough, removing all the hair on my body below my shoulders.

When she was finished, she instructed me to take the vacuum cleaner and clean up my hair, then left me to perform the task.

I surveyed my body, looking down and into the big bathroom mirror, not liking what I saw. It didn't matter how I felt. I belonged to her, and if she wanted be sheared, sheared I would be.

When I finished vacuuming, I put it away and came out to the kitchen where she was getting something in the oven.

"No, I'm not done with you yet. Go back to the bathroom," she said.

At least for the second part she got naked with me. She shed her robe and got in the shower with me and sprayed me down with the removable shower head.

She lathered up my chest first, getting what stubble the electric razor left. She shaved my underarms and belly, bypassed my crotch and ran the razor over my lathered-up ass. She shaved my legs like she would shave her own, then sprayed me down from head to foot with the shower head again.

After toweling me off a bit, Sarah had me sit on the toilet lit again and lathered up my public area for a cleaning up with the razor, reaching over to rinse the blade in the nearby sink. My balls were the delicate part, but she did not spare them, urging me to hold still while she ran her ladies' razor over the sensitive skin, pulled taught by forcing my balls low in their sack.

My asshole wasn't spared the touch of the blade, either. I was bent over and made to spread my cheeks and show it to her again.

"Now, take a good hot shower to wash everything away, then I want you to shave your face again. I know you shaved this morning, but I don't want any of that stubble tonight," she said. "Then come join me for dinner."

I hadn't felt so smooth since boyhood. Running my hands over my own body reminded me of running my hands over Sarah's smooth skin. I hated the feel. I hated the look. I wondered why, but was not about to ask.

I was seated naked as the day I was born for dinner, a nice baked chicken dish she made from a box recipe. She's not the cook, but did all right. She made no reference to my new level of nudity, but was instead as affectionate and personable as she had been at lunch earlier.

She had me clean up, saying she had some other things to get ready for later.

It was a full hour after dinner when she announced that she needed me back in the bathroom.

What I saw caused that knot that always accompanied a feeling of dread to return to my stomach.

Hanging from the shower head was a very full and bulging water bottle, with a long hose extending from it, down to an enema nozzle. It wasn't the thought that I was about to get an enema that alarmed me. It was the implication.

In an instant I realized what the enema bag really meant. She told me that morning that she was going to fuck me that night. I suddenly realized that I would be the one being penetrated.

As usual, Sarah gave me no time to think, not that it would have made any difference.

"Now I thought a lot about how to go about this, and ended up getting this exercise pad," she gestured at the floor to a mat, covered by some bath towels. "Now, first, I think it's best for you to lube yourself up good."

She handed me a small open jar of Vaseline.

It had not been an order, I noticed, but a suggestion that it would be best for me. Under the circumstances, I agreed.

I took the jar and reluctantly started to spread the jelly around my opening.

"You should probably work some inside, too," Sarah said, indelicately.

So I was made to put a finger up my own ass to prepare myself for things to come. When I finished, I washed my hands and she motioned me to the floor.

I was made to lie on the mat, my knees bent up to my chest, my back rotated backwards, lifting my butt hole higher.

Sarah inserted the tube and told me to "just relax." Yeah, right.

It was warm water that flowed into me and made me groan -- more of a whimper -- with the sensation. She pinched down on the tube to slow the flow, slowly increasing it and watching how I was doing.

When she saw some start to leak out, she stopped it and waited. When I started to cramp up and cried out, she stopped the flow altogether and massaged my belly.

Then she walked behind me, the tube still in my ass but the flow stopped and pulled my legs backwards until they reached the floor over my head. I had been turned upside-down.

She resumed filling me up and I started to cramp again. She massaged my stomach once more and had me turn on my side. There was so much water in the bag that she was trying to force into me that it was taking a while.

Sarah caressed my hair- practically the only hair left on my body -- as I lay on my side taking the last of my enema.

"OK, very good, Mark," she said as the bag drained down. She removed the tube and clamped it off, throwing the end to hang in the shower. "We'll just let this work in a bit."

She massaged my stomach some more, and I pleaded.

"Please, Sarah, it hurts, and I don't want to make a mess."

"OK, you can sit and empty it out now. Take your time. When you're done, fill it up again at a temperature to your liking and come out and get me."

So I was to receive yet another.

"Oh, and I do mean fill it up," she said, emphasizing that it was to be full, like the one that had just been emptied inside me.

It took a while, but I finished one, filled the bag as instructed, then hauled my shaved ass out to the living room to announce that she could give me another. She did. The second went easier.

"Now just to be sure, fill it up about half full and come get me again," she said as I sat on the toilet.

I felt crushed as I let the second bag flow out of me. I had so much looked forward to the "I'm going to fuck you tonight" declaration. Now I dreaded it.

The third half-enema went fast.

"After you've emptied it out, take a shower and clean yourself thoroughly back there, then come and get me again," she said.

Satisfied that I was cleaned, she did the lubrication herself this time. She had me bend over and spread my cheeks while she worked the Vaseline around my anus, then for the first time ever put a slicked-up finger inside. She added another finger, then a third, working the trio in circles, while I moaned in discomfort.

Still, there was an element of thrill to it that this beautiful woman put her fingers up my ass.

When she was satisfied with that result, she produced a large butt plug, wide in diameter, and spread the Vaseline over the entire business end. She did not display it to me as if to taunt me with it, but seemed to make sure she did this where I could see it and could anticipate it.

She pressed the big plug against my opening and slowly pushed.

"Ohhhh!" I cried as my sphincter expanded and protested in pain.

She got it past that muscle and my asshole enclosed around it.

"There you go; you've been plugged," she said, the cheerful disposition back. "Now, I'm sure you need a little time, so take a washcloth and clean up the Vaseline a bit, then come out and join me. Let's have a couple of drinks.

Fully plugged, I waddled my bare naked, sheared and shaved body into the living room to join my wife, who smiled slightly as if laughing at my predicament.

She knew that I knew what was to come later, in contrast to what I had anticipated all day.

"I made you a vodka gimlet she said, with Three Olives, like you like. I'm not sure if I put enough of that lime stuff in it, but you can add more if you'd like. I think you should have a couple of drinks before we go on with the evening."

She had a towel spread out on the recliner next to where my drink sat. I tentatively sat down, forcing the plug deeper.

I was being stretched out, and I knew it.

"You OK? You look a little shell-shocked," she almost laughed.

"I didn't expect this," I said.

Sarah changed the subject, to something she thought I'd like, fishing or football or something I was sure she wasn't really interested in. After a while, she had me get up and fix a couple of more drinks. She was having a Bloody Mary. I felt so self-conscious walking about totally bare, shaved from the top of my head on down, with a big blue plug sticking out of my ass. We were killing time until I was ready for my fucking.

And soon it was time, when we finished our second drinks. She led me by my cock again back to the bathroom and had me bend over and spread them. She pulled out the plug, wrapped it in tissue and handed it to me.

While washing her hands, she gave me my instructions.

"Wash it off good and put it away in the bedroom. You should clean yourself back there then use a little more of the Vaseline, and wash your hands real good before going to the bedroom. I want you on the bed on your knees, with your forearms on the bed in front of you and butt in the air. Then wait for me."

I dreaded this. I hated the thought of it. I did as I was told.

She made me wait about five minutes with my ass high in the air, knowing what was coming and having nothing to do but think about it. I think that was by design.

She came in wearing nothing but a strap-on. The dildo was black, with fake veins meant to look as much like a real cock as possible. The head was bulbous, with the helmet shape of a circumcised penis.

It was quite long, I guessed 12 inches. Mercifully, she had selected one of about the same average diameter of my own tool, not one particularly thick.

"Ok," she said, "I see you're ready for me."

She jumped up on the bed behind me and patted my smooth ass.

"You know, I'll bet you're a virgin back here. That's something we never talked about. When we were dating and getting intimate, it never occurred to me to ask if you'd ever been done in the ass."

I didn't reply, feeling no need to assure her that I had indeed never been penetrated that way. I felt patronized.

"Well, this is a special night then," she said.

"I always wanted to know what it felt like to be on the other end of a fucking, being the one doing the thrusting instead of the one getting thrusted. Do men ever wonder what it's like for us?" she said.

"I suppose, but not like this," I answered.

"Well, I think we'll both learn something, and maybe have a little fun, too. At least I will," she added.

I felt the rubbery cock, which had some flexibility, being rubbed up and down my crack.

"Reach back and spread yourself for me," she said.

I opened myself without protest, my shoulders and my face bearing my weight on the mattress, raising my ass still higher. She had to have me spread my knees a bit to lower myself down and line up the strap-on properly.

I felt the tip press against my opening and swallowed hard. She pressed it in and it hurt at first, but not as much as the butt plug, which was larger in diameter and forced into my ass when it was still tight.

It hurt until it got past my sphincter muscle and my asshole closed around it.

She pushed it deeper and felt myself being invaded. By the time she got it halfway in the thought crossed my mind that I was already fucked. But it was just beginning.

"Uhhhh! Uhhhh!" I cried out as I felt it go deeper.

Soon, she was in all the way. It pushed against my insides and a protest of pain escaped my throat. She pulled out a ways, then pushed it back in. She began her thrusts and found a rhythm. I was allowed to return my hands in front of me once she was inside.

Once over the initial pain and the shock and the very idea of taking an ass-fucking, it became an oddly pleasurable sensation. I thought about how it must feel for a woman being bent over like this with a man penetrating either her anus or vagina from behind. I guess I was learning something, albeit reluctantly.

Sarah went easy on me at first; it was new for her, too. But she soon got comfortable with it and picked up the pace and my body started to rock back and forth as it was pushed from behind.

Whenever I entered a woman from behind, I enjoyed how my thrusts could make her breasts swing back and forth, and would reach over to cup them in my hands and feel them as they bobbed back and forth. Sarah had reached that pace with me. Though I had no breasts, Sarah did the same to me, leaning over my back and running her hands over my chest. Her face came close to my ear.

"Go ahead and play with yourself," she said.

My cock was limp. Sexually, this did nothing for me. But I was obedient and reached a hand back to try to bring myself to an erection. It started to respond.

She ran her hands around the globes of my ass.

"I love how smooth you feel," she said.

I had never said that to a woman, but I had thought of it many times while touching her smooth ass as I worked her from behind.

The point of the shaving came to me.

I was being fucked like a girl. I was shaved smooth, like a girl is, from the head down. Sarah was looking down not on my normally hairy man-ass, but a set of round and smooth cheeks, looking much like what a man sees when he does a woman this way.

Sarah fucked me and fucked me from behind, then had me turn over.

I lay on my back, my knees back on my chest and back arched while she entered me in what was as close to the missionary position as she could get.

She thrust for a while, then had me roll further back and put my legs up over her shoulders, allowing her deeper access, but causing me more pain in the opening she was using and in my leg and back muscles.

She stopped, had me turn on my side, lifted my leg and took me from behind that way.

When she tired of thrusting, she turned over on her back and had me impale myself on her cock. She prompted me to keep going until I was fully sitting on her with all my weight, the dildo as deep in my ass as it could go.

Then I was made to rise up, with my feet down on the bed, and begin riding her. She reached up and ran her hands over my smooth chest, the way I would rub her breasts when she rode me.

Sarah had me stand and bend over, putting my hands on the bed, then entered me from behind, having me bend my knees to get the proper angle and make up for the fact that I am so much taller.

"Sarah, I'm getting really sore," I complained.

"I know. That's what it's like sometimes for us," she said, referring to her gender. "After a while you get sore and wish it would stop but it keeps going as long as he wants."

The worst was when she put me on the floor and had me roll my legs all the way over my head until my feet were above my head. I was upside-down, like I was during one stage of the enemas.

She pushed her strap-on cock straight down into me and worked it up and down. I was made to work on my penis, which was pointing straight down at my face.

She was taking me in about every position she could think of that a man takes a woman. And she went on.

She took me to the bathroom and had me sit on the counter rolling my hips forward until my asshole was on the edge. She stood on a stool and took me again.

I whimpered, complained, and complied.

She tired of the incessant thrusting, and I learned the folly of men who think they are doing all the work when they thrust long and hard during a hot sexual encounter while the woman just lays there and takes it. I longed to be the one doing the thrusting, as my tight formerly virgin opening was screaming in pain by the time she decided to stop.

She made me take the strap-on to the bathroom myself after she removed it, with instructions to clean it and myself while she made a couple of more drinks.

I was happy it was over.

When I came out to the living room, she was sitting on the sofa wearing her pink robe with my drink and hers in her hands. She had a big smile on her face.

"You know, I've heard that guys talk about a girl with a 'just-fucked' look on her face. I wanted to see how it looked on you. Come here. Sit next to me," she said handing me my much-needed drink.

I took a big gulp.

"Hang in there, big guy. "It's still pretty early, and I think the night will get better for you."

We watched some TV. She slipped an arm around me and pulled me close, running her soft hands sensually over my smooth, shaven skin.

We chatted about what we saw on TV, but had no conversation about what had just happened. But the burning sensation in my rectum wouldn't let me forget.

After a while, Sarah leaned her head on my shoulder like a regular girlfriend. She took my flaccid penis in her hand and started to play with it. She did so slowly and casually as we watched the comedy program and laughed from time to time. I got hard when she nibbled on my ears and told me how sexy I looked getting fucked.

So often since this dominance game began she followed experiences in pain and humiliation with moments of affection and reassurance. It was so hard to tell if she really felt that affection toward me or was trying to manipulate me into accepting my role as a submissive. I thought of all of this, and accepted the affection as affection that I long craved, and the dominance as also something that I long craved. Was there room in a relationship for both?

She kept me hard with gentle playing and deliberate stroking for about a half hour, and had me squirming for relief. Sarah opened the bottom part of her robe, took my hand and put it between her legs.

"Touch me slow and gentle," she said. "Just get me warmed up and wet."

I ran my fingers slowly up the length of her outer lips then pressed inside to do the same to her inner lips. I didn't stick my fingers all the way inside to invade her, knowing that's not what she meant. And I didn't touch her clit directly, but circled in sensuously with the tip of a finger.

"You're really good at that," she said after I'd been at it for a few short minutes, her breathing becoming more rapid.

Her juices were flowing. My cock was still pointing straight up, though she had stopped playing with it when I started on her.

"Ok, big guy, that's enough," she said, removing my hand and standing up. She dropped the robe where she stood, then grabbed my cock in an overhand fashion and set out for the bedroom.

Once again, I was being let by my cock, but I loved the destination.

"On your back," Sarah said, giving me a little push next to the bed.

I lay in the middle, my cock pointing at the ceiling. She jumped up and straddled me, grabbing my cock and rubbing the head up and down along her moistened lips.

"This is how you really wanted me to fuck you tonight, isn't it?"

"Please," I said, then added. "My God, you're beautiful. You turn me on so much the way you look and the things you do to me."

Sarah just smiled, then put my cock inside her just far enough that she could let go. She was squatting with the soles of her feet on the bed on each side of me. She took her hand and began to massage her breasts and hold them up to display them for me.

At that point we were touching only at our genitals, with the tip of my cock barely inside her pussy. She was gradually. . . very gradually . . lowering herself down on me, and driving me crazy doing it.

I tried to thrust up against her, but got a quick stern admonishment of "No!" This was to be done Sarah's way.

She finally lowered herself the rest of the way, then grinded her hips around in a circular motion. My cock felt the warmth and smoothness of the inside of a woman that it had been craving all day. I anticipated this moment, not the moments that came before.

Sarah started to ride me, bouncing up and down on my rod. She made herself more comfortable, putting her knees down on the bed, rocking back and forth and up and down, while reaching forward and massaging my chest.

She let me reach up and touch her breasts.

Sarah began to rub her clit with her left hand, her right hand reaching back and grasping my balls as she quickened the pace.

"Come on, Mark, I need you to come for me now. You have to do it, Mark, now come for me," she panted.

Her hand tightened around my balls and it was as if the sexual energy she squeezed out of them went right up to my cock.

I felt it building, and Sarah knew it was coming, too. I cried out when I knew it was about to begin. She squeezed hard on my balls, hurting them while at the same time increasing the intensity of the moment.

Sarah thrust herself down on me and stopped, letting me empty my load up into her.

When I finished, she quickly pulled herself up and cupped her crotch in her hand, then moved forward and straddled my face.

"Open your mouth," she ordered.

I did not say no, but turned my head and grunted a protest.

"Mark, open your mouth!" she said sternly. "You have to do this!"

She grabbed me by the chin and turned my face up. I opened my mouth.

Sarah spread her pussy lips wide and looked down, her red hair hanging down. She aimed and watched as my semen dripped out of her into my mouth. I gagged slightly as a drop hit the back of my throat.

Sarah lowered herself down onto my mouth, still spreading herself open.

"Go on, Mark. Clean me out now. Do your best," she said. I started to lick rather tentatively. "Come on, use your tongue and get as deep as you can."

I'd heard semen described as salty in flavor, but I didn't find it so. But it wasn't the flavor that was the turn-off. It was the fact that I was being made to eat my own come.

Mixed with Sarah's essence, of course. As I licked, she rubbed, working her clit furiously and pushing her pussy ever harder down on my mouth.

Her breathing was quickening. "I'll give you something to wash it down with," she said.

And so she did. Sarah had never been vocal in her orgasms, but her muscles would tense up and she would pull me tight. This time she just forced herself down on my harder and I tasted what was happening.

Her come mixed with my own and flowed into my mouth and down my throat. Sarah continued to rub her clit and continued to flow freely. She moved from my mouth forward, then back to my chin, then up and down, wiping her sex and her come and mine all over my face.

She spread her ass cheek and planted her asshole over my mouth. I ran my tongue around the opening as I did in the shower a week before.

Sarah turned around, facing my feet, but kept rubbing her pussy and ass all over my face as she worked my balls between her thumb and fingers, feeling and hurting each one in turn.

"Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh!" she became more vocal as she came again, giving her more to spread over my face. I felt it running down my face and around my ears.

Eventually, she was spent, and I needed to breathe normally again.

Sarah slipped down onto the bed beside me and had me turn on my side in front of her, but facing away. She held my arms down and snuggled her face against my back.

"You were great tonight," she whispered.

When I tried to get up to go to the bathroom she pulled me back with a gentle "no."

"You'll be fine," she said when I protested that I wanted to go.

I think she knew that what I really wanted was to go wash my face. She didn't want me to.

And so we both drifted off to sleep and I awoke in the morning with our come dried all over my sticky face and an awful taste lingering in my mouth.

When I got up to go to the bathroom in the morning, she came with me. I never liked someone watching me pee, so Sarah brushed her teeth as I went, but then stopped me from leaving. She motioned for me to sit down on the floor by the toilet.

It was her turn next. Still nude -- her robe was on the floor by the couch -- she sat on the toilet and I heard the sound of her stream hitting the water. She had me get a bit of toilet paper, then taught me how to dab her dry.

She had me reach in the cabinet below the sink and bring out a box of a feminine douche product.

"Now, when I have you come inside me, I will always have you do your best to clean me, like last night, but I always liked to freshen up a bit after you've done that. They say we don't really need to do this, but I like to," she said.

The notice that I would be licking my come from her vagina whenever I deposited it there did not escape me. That image, however, was set aside because of what she was doing right in front of me. Sarah taught me how to use the douche on her, and I was amazed that she would let me get involved with her feminine hygiene needs.

In a departure from our usual Sunday morning procedure, Sarah wanted to shower before having coffee. She ordered me to come with her.

I sat on my legs at the back side of the shower while she explained the procedure. She would be wetting and washing her hair, which gave me the opportunity to wash her body thoroughly. She showed me the soaps and body shampoos she preferred, and I was to ask which to use.

She said she did not normally shave her legs and underarms on Sundays. But she preferred to do that herself anyway, since she figured she would be faster at it.

I was being trained in how to personally care for her bodily needs.

A major caution was not to get too busy with my hands.

"I don't care if you get an erection; in fact, it would be flattering, but don't ever act like this is about your pleasure. You are to do a good job bathing me, and that's all that counts," she said.

I toweled her dry and she had me dry myself, too, so I wouldn't "drip on the floor like a dog."

As she dried her hair, I was to rub her skin with a moisturizing body lotion. I did her feet and legs first, working my way up and massaging her legs all around. She let me do her butt and back next before turning around so I could get her belly and breasts. I was to be sure to lift each breast and work the lotion underneath. I moisturized each arm separately when she finished drying her hair.

She let me shower then, and I was finally able to wash all the dried girlcome off my face. She brushed her hair and went to make coffee.

I found her wearing her pink robe, sitting at the head of the dining room table with some coffee and a light breakfast.

"I'm just having some cereal and toast for breakfast," she said chirpily. "You get to have me!"

She motioned me down and when I was slow to pick up what was going on, she just said, "On the floor, under the table."

I crawled under the table and she scooted her chair back, then her butt forward all the way to the edge of the chair. She opened her robe and spread her legs wide, placing her feet as wide as she could.

"Very slow and gentle. Just use your lips and the tip of your tongue," she instructed.

I planted a soft kiss on her outer lips then started to lightly graze the tip of my tongue over them. I always wished she would shave there, but she never did. Still, there's nothing like a bright red bush.

She just had me work her for a few minutes, enough to get her a little moistened, but not too aroused. I felt she may have done it just to continue to show me that morning that my life was becoming a life of service to her.

I got my own coffee and breakfast when she excused me and ate while she worked on the Sunday paper.

The rest of Sunday turned out to be pretty normal, up until evening. I was allowed to dress and go outside for some spring yard work. She went to do some grocery shopping and run some errands.

When I was back inside later in the afternoon, I just naturally undressed, showering again after a day's worth of outdoor work. I was nude, fixing a simple dish for supper when she returned.

After supper she again helped clean up, and talked to me about the next day, and the future.

"It's probably best that you just get up early and get done in the bathroom before I get up, because then I'll need you to help me. You'll have time for coffee and breakfast while I'm doing my makeup and some other stuff. Once I'm through with you in the bathroom you'll be on your own to get ready for work yourself."

After we were through, she went on with additional duties for me.

"Mark, now that sandal season is here, you'll be responsible for taking care of my feet between pedicures. You'll need to plan to do that on Sunday night because I want my feet in good shape heading into the week."

She taught me how to use a pumice stone to sand off any calluses that started to develop.

"But I'm probably fine now, because I just had a pedicure."

Instructions on nail care were next. It was better to file to keep growth under control, but clipping was necessary, too. I had to use nail polish remover on each toe to strip off old chipped-up polish.

Then I needed to wash her feet. There was a plastic pan procured just for the task. I was to fill it with warm water and some concoction from a Bath and Body Works store, then give her feet a good washing and deep massage.

After they dried, I was to apply the new polish. It was just be a clear seal today, as she didn't think she had a great color to match what she was planning to wear Monday.

I got to take a break and clean up while they dried. Then it was time to moisturize -- and worship.

"Always allow a little extra time. Because after making them look good, you should make them feel good. And you are so good at that, and I think you love to worship me feet," she said.

She had used that phrase often, as if she wanted me to get familiar and comfortable with it.

When the feet duties were over, I went ahead with what I was dreading:

"Sarah, you said I should talk to you tonight about an appointment for my caning."

She smiled.

"I knew you would remember. Let's see. . . I decided against keeping your body shaved. I think it will be nice to do once in a while, but most of the time I want my man to look regular. But I would like to do your caning before your body hair grows back much.

"Why don't we plan it for after work tomorrow? Can you get off quickly enough to get home a little bit before me?"

"I think so," I said.

"Good. Get naked and get your cane out and be waiting for me by the stool when I get home. I'll cane you right away before I change. You may want to eat a really good lunch tomorrow, because I'm not sure you're going to feel like much supper later. Besides, you'll need your strength."

I assisted with her bathroom duties early Monday. She ignored my raging hard-on as I helped bathe her in the shower and apply moisturizing lotion to her lovely body. When she dismissed me I had to quickly dress and head out the door for work. Throughout the day the images of running my hands over her breasts and butt, and massaging those perfect legs and feet with soap-filled hands, filled my mind and caused me to scoot my chair far forward to make sure no one noticed my daydreaming had made me hard.

The coming caning came to mind from time to time, but the fact that I was going home to a goddess was foremost in my mind, and made me count the minutes until the end of the day.

I rushed home and hurried, stripping naked quickly in fear that she would be home earlier than I expected and find me fumbling with clothes. When I was naked, I grabbed the cane and ran to the living room, placing it on top of the stool. I stood and waited, and after a few minutes sat down.

I remained seated on the floor next to my caning stool when I heard Sarah coming in. She entered the living room and I fell in love with her again.

She wore an emerald blazer over a white, low-cut pull-over top, her bra pushing her breasts together and lifting them to display an ample cleavage that I'm sure got plenty of attention from the men in her office that day. But it wasn't just the cleavage, but her overall appearance that was stunning.

Her skirt was a deep, dark green, matching and contrasting the emerald top, reaching just below her knees. She wore no stockings; on her feet that I worked so hard to care for the night before were a pair of open-toe tall heels. Her jewelry, from her bracelets and hoop hearings to her necklace holding a large pendant was copper, as was the buckle on the wide leather belt visible through the open blazer.

Even her make-up had hints of the copper color that matched so well the green of her outfit and her eyes. Her long, nicely curled red hair hung just over her shoulders. She was astoundingly beautiful, looking confident and professional while at the same time irresistibly sexy.

This was one amazing woman who was about to cane me again.

"Hi! Oh, you're all ready for me! That's great! I'll be with you in a moment, as soon as I go to the bathroom," she said as she passed by. I stood by the stool and waited.

"My God, you're gorgeous today," I said when she returned, clutching something in her left hand.

"Why, thank you!" she gushed. "I really appreciate that, Mark!"

"That outfit is beautiful, and it matches your red hair and green eyes so well."

"It's so sweet of you to notice. I really do appreciate you saying that. I love the flattery, but it's not going to save your butt today," she said, picking up the cane with her right hand.

"It wasn't meant to," I said as she guided me with a gentle touch of her hand to the stool.

"Now, I got a pair of handcuffs for you, Mark. Would you like me to cuff you to the stool so you can't stand up like you did last time? I was easy on you last time because it was your first caning. If you get out of line this time, it will cost you a lot more, and this is going to be rougher than last time," she said.

"No, I think I'll be fine," I said as I bent over the stool, assuming the position she taught me last time.

"Ok, then we'll just save these for later," she said, setting the handcuffs aside on the coffee table.

Sarah squatted next to my face, which was pointing down, in the opposite direction of my upturned ass. Switching hands with the cane, she placed her warm right hand on my lower back, her fingers gently caressing me.

"Mark, I was really proud of you asking for this caning to make things right after what you said. I'm going to punish you when you make me angry, and sometimes that will be with a caning or a paddling like you got on Friday, and sometimes it may be something else. But me punishing you isn't going to be enough to make things right. You're going to have to do something on your own to do that. I think most of the time I cane you will probably be after you ask me to.

"It was sweet for you to worship my feet, and it's OK to offer to do something that makes me feel good if you're trying to make things right. But I know what turns you on and what doesn't, and offering to do something that turns you on isn't going to cut it. But I know you're on the right track because you asked me for this caning and didn't forget to make the appointment, and you're here naked and ready for me.

"I'm really proud of you. Unfortunately for you, all of that only counts if you actually get the caning," she said, standing up and taking the cane back in her right hand.

She stepped behind me.

Sarah began tapping me very rapidly with the cane, not hard, but persistent. The stinging never stopped and my butt writhed beneath the soft blows. She covered my butt from the tops of my legs to my back with soft, rapid strikes.

"Owwwww!" I protested, hanging on tight to my place on the stool, but starting to twist my hips around in a futile attempt to avoid the cane.

"Hold still, Mark," she commanded, and there was no doubt that it was a command. "I'm just warming you up with the cane, the way I warmed you up with the paddle before."

That comment brought back the knot in my stomach, knowing that this was going to get a whole lot worse before it got better.

I told myself I wasn't going to cry this time, and in a manner of speaking I didn't. Tears ran down my cheeks, but I avoided the sobs and other sounds that come with it. I clenched my teeth and let the tears flow. There was nothing I could do about them, and nothing I would do to stop what Sarah was doing to me.

But I still couldn't stop myself from squirming.

"You're just making things worse, Mark," Sarah cautioned. "You have to learn to just submit and take it."

She eventually stopped, my ass by then burning with pain, but I knew the real caning had not begun, but was about to.

"Ok, it's time," Sarah said. "You're going to have to do better than you just did in the warm-up."

Whoosh! Crack!

I screamed with the first blow, which felt as if it had been delivered with all Sarah's strength.

Whoosh! Crack!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

I screamed again, long -- too long.

The third blow took my breath away. I was unable to scream because I needed to inhale. I could not inhale because the force of the blow and the pain paralyzed me for a moment.

The fourth blow came and I gasped for air, filling my lungs, and holding it in.

My existence seemed to fade at that moment. I did not lose consciousness, but lost my sense of self, as if a pause button were clicked on my very thought processes.

The late afternoon sunlight spilled through the patio door and illuminated the carpet fibers below me. I noticed how they glistened, and noticed how my hands, clutching the lower bar on the stool, had lost their color, the knuckles white. They seemed like someone else's hands.

My body went limp and I relaxed my grip on the stool as another blow and then another and another came, each delivering a new experience in pain. I was silent through each blow.

At that point, my caning was not something I had asked for or submitted to, nor was it something Sarah was doing to me. It simply was. My existence consisted of the repeated blows of the cane; the recurring and persistent pains, each different in its own way; the sights of my hands and the sunlight and carpet fibers; and the tears dripping into the carpet like rain.

I accepted my caning without protest, without movement, without squirming. I neither wished it were over nor hoped that it would continue.

But continue it did, far longer than the pitiful 12 strokes I received the first time.

When it pleased Sarah to stop, she stopped, and mouthed some words of praise for how I took it. I neither listened nor understood.

She tried to help me back into a standing position, but I collapsed on the floor at her feet.

Those lovely feet, framed so beautifully by the heels she wore, became my new reality. With tears still flowing, I reached out and put my arms around her legs at the shins, clinging to her.

I pulled back slightly and kissed each of those feet in turn, right above her toes. The cane pointed down by my ear.

Sarah squatted down and petted my hair with her hand.

"There, there," Mark. "It's over now, and you did quite well. I think you really do belong to me now."

I kissed each of her feet again in assent.

Sarah helped me up to a kneeling position, then retrieved the handcuffs from the table and secured my wrists behind me. I made no move or sound to protest.

"Just wait right there, just a moment," she said.

Unlike after the previous caning, my cock was not fully erect after this one. But it began to stir when I saw what dangled from her fingers when she returned.

I was fully erect when she strapped on my collar.