The Tick Incident Ch. 07
bybess_armstrong©

Tanglefoot, Texas, 1876

"Storm's a comin,' U, better fetch dem damn chairs off the porch,'" Skallywag Crothers said from behind the bar, as he poured the last rounds for the evening.

"U?!'" Skallywag repeated, noticing his call went unanswered, and he could see the saloon's proprietor was sound asleep in one of the booths.

U had gotten into a fight with whiskey that afternoon, and lost. It was his way of saying he was sleeping off a hangover.

"I'll get it, Skally. Keep your britches, on," he told his loyal employee.

Before Ulysses could make headway towards the front porch, however, Skallywag beckoned him to the bar.

"Hey, U, U! Those folks, they here to see ya," the old man said, gesturing to a group of four nestled into one of the dimly-lit corners of the Rusty Nail.

"Friends a yours?" Skallywag asked.

"Don't reckon. Maybe I better check this out," Ulysses responded.

Tanglefoot was a town of shacks and tents with a large number of saloons and tough characters found in the early West.

Fur trappers, cowboys, soldiers, lumberjacks, businessmen, lawmen, miners and gamblers all frequented the Rusty Nail.

But these four seemed simple enough. Two men, two women, in good spirits it seemed.

U walked a few more paces and formally introduced himself.

"Name's Ulysses Parker, folks, what can I do for ya?"

********************

Temple, Texas

Present Day (July, 1979)

"WHO ARE YOU THROWING TO?" Dick Parker yelled at the television, a big 1971 Zenith, which would later become a wood- enshrined monument to its time.

Dick was frustrated as his team - America's Team - was playing a lousy preseason game against the hated Raiders.

"How they doin,' Dick?" Carrie said with a big smile as she entered the room.

"Aaaahhh, horrible," the young man replied, bouncing up and down in a plush, red spindle chair. "I've never seen them play this bad. It's like they haven't gotten over the Super Bowl loss still..."

"Well, Dick, that was a tough one to get over," Carrie said with that wonderful laugh of hers. "For goodness sake, if that, oh, that fella in the end zone..."

"Jackie Smith," Dick said with lingering pain.

"Jackie Smith! If he had caught that ball from Staubach, who knows? We might of won two in a row. Has anyone ever won two in a row, Dick?" Carrie wondered.

"Yeah, the Packers in the '60's and the Dolphins...And the Steelers," he answered.

"Oh," Carrie laughed. "Well I better brush up on my football history. Temple history is something I have a much firmer grasp of. In fact, Dick - "

"AAAAAAAGGGGGGGGHHHHHH!" he yelled at the thick, flickering 19-inch T.V. screen.

Carrie had to admire his passion. She sat down on the sofa, crossed those beautifully-tanned legs of hers, and tried to unburden her young friend of the pain he was going through.

"Dick, relax, hon. Half of these turkeys won't even be on the team come time for the regular season."

"I know, I know," he said, trying to sit back down yet again.

"Dick, I've been meaning to ask you. Why don't - "

Again he groaned at another incompletion, but Carrie persisted.

"Dick, why don't the Cowboys ever wear blue at home?"

If anyone else asked Dick that question, he would have deemed it...a stupid question. Everyone knew the Cowboys never wear blue at home. But because it was Carrie: sweet, adorable, nurturing Carrie, he gave her the full explanation, even listing all the playoff games in which the Cowboys wore blue and LOST.

Sitting there in her tiny, blue, satin shorts - nevertheless showing off her big, beautiful thighs while casually and gracefully tapping her right foot in the air - Carrie listened to her stepson's explanation. She respected his knowledge.

"So they were jinxed by the haberdasher?" she mused.

"Yeah," he muttered.

Dick took it a step further. He poked fun at himself.

"Carr, the Cowboys wearing blue at home would be like me wearing anything at all - it doesn't happen," he laughed.

Carrie's wonderful, rich laughter filled the room.

"Oh, Dick, you're funny," she said, continuing to chuckle. "Dick, that is true, that is very true. But your training has been good to you, has it not?"

"Oh it's been incredible. I don't even think about being naked anymore. It doesn't even phase me," he remarked, while he in fact sat there in that comfortable spindle chair completely nude. "In fact...I don't think I've ever watched a Cowboys game naked..."

"There's probably a ton of things you've never done naked until the last couple weeks," Carrie chuckled.

"Swimming...cooking...talking to Krendy about college courses...," Dick went on.

Carrie laughed and laughed, but with satisfaction, knowing her methods had paid off.

"Oh and Dick, Krendy and Maddy did get home fine - that was them that called earlier. Krendy says to me, "keep on that Bussett about going back to school," she said.

"I don't think it's gonna happen, Carr," Dick reasoned. "That guy's got a couple screws loose."

"A couple?!" Carrie fired back. "But he is creative. He really should give writing a try. Whether it's Dallas 2 or whatever he calls it, that story he was working on about a CFNM utopia is pretty groovy stuff. What is it that Jimmie Walker says, Dy-no-mite (laugh)!"

With Carrie mentioning CFNM, all the memories of that afternoon came dashing back to Richard, causing all thoughts of the Dallas game to vacate his mind.

"In fact, Dick," Carrie said with a wonderful smile, "why don't you go up to the - ahem - computer room, and wait for me. We have a couple things to go over."

"Yes, mam," he dutifully replied, and headed upstairs.

********************

The spare room in the Parker house was a room that constantly changed tenants. It had been a makeshift nursery for plants, a space for extra clothes, taking on a look of a laundromat, a room for Carrie's artwork, which she hadn't had much time to add to in recent years, and now a makeshift computer room.

The IBM 5110, which Richard's father was planning to purchase, was still on the way.

All the spare room had in it at this time was a filing cabinet as tall as the Republic Center Tower in Dallas, three swivel chairs varying in size and compatibility, and an empty table.

The computer room had everything in it but...

"- a computer," Carrie laughed. "But, Dick, your father will be bringing it home when he returns from Tampa. Should be really cool stuff."

"Great. Right when I'm leaving for Baylor, we're getting something really cool at the house," he muttered.

"Well, Dick, you'll be coming home for the Cowboys-Bengals game. I think it's gonna be you, me and Janet though," she said. "Your father has a conference in Shreveport."

"Where is that hellraiser anyway?" Dick asked. "Janet, not my old man that is."

"Cheerleading practice - more of a meeting," Carrie said as she sat down on one of the swivel chairs, opposite Richard. "Were you wondering why the house is so quiet?"

Another sound persisted though, the sound of the Abernathy family dog, Biscuit, yelping, barking and carrying on about something.

Carrie walked over to the window, seeing a Pontiac Firebird wiz by a bit too fast. Other than that, it seemed to be a nice, normal day in Temple.

"Dick, what on Earth are we gonna do with Danny White?" she asked with a wry grin.

"Ugh, don't remind me," he said.

"I'm not saying it's all his fault, but, for goodness sake. Get your head in the game!"

"He's no Roger the Dodger," Dick lamented, but his loyalty kicked in. "I still think he'll be good though when Staubach retires someday."

Little did Dick Parker know that that was right around the corner. Things have a way of sneaking up on you. Including the class, which was merely hours away, 12 in fact.

"Dick, this is Class Eve," Carrie teased. "It is the night before the class. You ready, hon?"

"Eh, I think so," he said, pulling up in his chair a bit, sitting on the edge of it in fact.

"Should be no sweat, hon. Dick, I'm gonna have you come in at the end - you're only in there for the last 45 minutes or so. You'll come in, undress, and then you'll be my TA for the rest of the seminar - class, seminar, what have you."

"Sounds swell," he smiled. "

"Now, also, what I wanted to touch on was...we are going to be talking about a lot of material before you come in, and most of it you don't need to hear but there are some things that may come up in conversation later that I want you to be familiar with. Catch my drift?"

"Sure, Carr, you're the boss," he couldn't help but say.

She smiled.

And then she happened to look down.

"Oh, hon, do you wanna...bigger chair?" she asked.

With Richard leaning forward, sitting on the outer perimeter of the swivel, what had happened was that his exceptionally long organ - even soft - was dangling off the edge of his seat. It was inevitable from time to time that Richard's massive organ created some kind of slapstick comedy in the Parker house.

"Um, oh..." he stammered as he noticed the problem, which had now become the source of Carrie's amusement.

"Hon, it reminds me of that Slinky commercial, where they put it on the top step and it goes cascading all the way down (hysterical laughter)...all the way down to the bottom of the steps..."

"It's not funny, Carr," he replied, with a smirk, but he was in fact able to poke fun at himself and his outsized organ.

"These are some of the trials and tribulations I go through," he stammered as he moved restlessly back and forth in his seat, trying to get a better positioning.

"Hon, it's not bothering me if it's not bothering you," she laughed. "I just wasn't sure if you wanted the bigger chair. It had looked like you ran out of real estate, that's all. And you were...you were left hanging..."

Finally, Richard - both out of frustration and for comedic purposes - picked up his penis and sort of tossed it out over his thigh, producing a dull but audible squelch.

Carrie cracked up.

"How big is it soft, hon? I know we've had this conversation before," she laughed.

"Yeah, I know. It's...soft measurements are weird because it, it fluctuates," he explained.

"Oh, absolutely," she said, eager to move on.

"So, Dick, what I'm gonna ask you is have you ever heard the name, Florence St. Claire?"

Dick thought for a second, the name jogging his memory.

"I have," he answered. "Isn't it that woman who took all the pictures that are in Temple history books?"

"Good for you, Dick," Carrie answered. "That's absolutely right. Florence was...the town's photographer. For a good 40 years or so in fact.

"She broke out her 'Le Phoebus,' as it was called, a camera typical for that time. It was built of mahogany wood - very nice - with a brass mounted lens.

"Oh, she shot weddings, town fairs, musicals, wildlife, just about anything. And she also..."

Richard perked up a bit.

"Well, Dick, when Phyllis Dorshten and I went to gather things from Ulysses' old house before it was condemned, oh I wanna say this was in '75 or '76, we were cleaning out the basement and tried to preserve anything that was valuable or worth keeping.

"We took paintings, diaries, old books, photos..."

Dick was getting more and more interested. He knew Carrie had something cooking.

"Dick, we must have taken a stack of old photographs, as thick as the Dallas metropolitan phonebook," she laughed.

"And we started going through them..."

It was then that Carrie reached down and picked up a small sample size of what her and Phyllis had retrieved from the basement of Ulysses Parker - one of the heroes of the Alamo, as Temple folk liked to regale.

Carrie put the manila folder in her lap for the moment and went on with her lecture.

"Dick, like I had said before Florence did in fact shoot wildlife. And these, were, eh, I guess you could say wildlife shots," Carrie said, having fun with herself. "Let's just say these photos were of the good ole North American trouser snake..."

Before Richard could even respond...

"Penises, hon," Carrie smiled. "Little did Phyllis and I know, we had stumbled upon one of the doggone, biggest collections of penis photos ever assembled."

"Wicked," was all Richard could say, loving Florence St. Claire more and more by the minute.

"Well, penises and the men attached to them I should say," Carrie laughed. "But make no mistake about it - candid nudes. The men of Temple, baring all, for little, sweet Florence St. Claire and her naughty Le Phoebus."

"That's crazy," Richard went on.

"Obviously, Florence had a hobby, outside of her more documented work. She...she loved to shoot naked men, as it would seem. And Phyllis and I quickly came to understand that. Boy, did we understand that. Sweetie, there is every size,

shape...length and girth under the son..."

"Florence St. Claire. A 19th Century Rock Star," Richard laughed. "Move over, Kiss."

"Sweetie, what was most startling to us - besides the oodles and oodles of penises - was that she did have women wander in to some of the photos.

"But the women aren't nude," Carrie added, with jarring effect.

Gulp.

"Dick, here are these naked men, in a variety of poses (laugh), posing alongside fully-clothed women - regally dressed women, may I add. Their dresses had bustles, which were all the craze in the 1870's. And the photos, they're just so tasteful and elegant...Dick, Phyllis and I could not get over it..."

Carrie's fingers now dangled along the edges of that manila folder. Richard was dying for a looksey. Given his interest in CFNM, the thought of beautiful women enjoying the company of nude men, these historical artifacts seemed plenty valuable.

"Phyllis and I took it upon ourselves to go through ALL the photos, for consistency's sake. And, hon, not one shred of female nudity. But the male full frontal, everywhere. Like folk dancing at a hoedown."

Richard very nearly fell off his chair completely.

"Given your inclination to Playgirl, hon, I thought these would be right up your alley," Carrie said with a warm and inviting tone.

"Hell, yeah," he managed to get out.

"And sweetie, Florence's choice in that matter - the stark double standard as far as the nudity goes - I think, hon, well, obviously, she liked looking at naked men.

"And think about the times? Clothes symbolized power. They always have. The women wearing the clothes, they're taking the power over the men. But in a very organic and beautifully-crafted way. In fact the men are gladly and affectionately surrendering that power to the women, the way it appears in these photos."

The manila folder - a makeshift treasure trove - was opened, and the two began passing the photos back and forth. Like Carrie had said, they were tasteful, natural. Smiles in just about every photo, as if the men and women were having so much fun in these shoots.

"I can see why you wanted me to see these before tomorrow," Dick reasoned.

"Oh, yes. Hon I didn't want you wondering 'who the hell is Florence St. Claire?' if her name happens to come up in the second half of the class."

Carrie and Dick continued to thumb through all the photos, gazing upon these artifacts, once hidden away in an old, 19th-century basement.

Florence, as Carrie said, was "an astronaut stuck in prehistoric times," as far as her photographic talent and penchant for risqué art work.

"Jesus," Richard couldn't help but say after gazing at one of the photos in particular.

Carrie leaned back in her chair with a smile, taking a sip of her Tab soft drink.

"Oh, that would be one Roscoe, ahem, 'Longhorn' Livingstone," Carrie said with a wink. "Roscoe is interesting on many levels. She was Florence's first model, as she mentions in her diary - also recovered from the basement - and in addition her most frequently-used model.

"Roscoe would get nude whenever, wherever. Florence had him pose at Miller Spring Park, Belton Lake...The two of them really pushed the envelope. It was all carefully planned out, mind you, but jeez Louise, in the middle of the afternoon, at Belton Lake? That's really gutsy."

That said, Florence's tendency to shoot her models in the most public of places had a profound effect, that nudity should be embraced, and treasured.

"Guy was no slouch either," Richard had to remark, in regards to penis size.

"Coming from you, hon, that is lofty praise," Carrie replied, filling the room with her wonderful laughter.

Dozens of photos were examined and celebrated as the night wore on, several involving busty women, laughing and cajoling with nude men. One of the women in the photos, Carrie pointed out, was Agnes Adams-Booth, famous for her clothing line.

And one of the men that kept appearing, as Carrie warned, was Roscoe. Carrie and Richard laughed as many of the photos focused upon his rather ample unit.

"He did have an incredibly long penis," Carrie said flatly, simply stating the obvious as Roscoe and his hefty appendage kept making appearances throughout Florence's collection.

"But, hon, I am sad to report, the force was not with Roscoe Livingstone," Carrie laughed. "Apparently nude photography didn't satisfy his exhibitionist desires. Roscoe was arrested four times for what could be described as 'indecent exposure.'"

"For Christ's sake," Richard chuckled.

"He basically had his own room at the jail, which used to reside where the shiny, new municipal building now sits today, complete with its vending machines and sodas," Carrie laughed.

"But no, Roscoe..."

Carrie then broke into unbridled laughter, recalling some of Florence's anecdotes about this wiley coyote.

"It wasn't so much, hon, that he would go streaking or something like that. It was more...oh what do I want to say, he would find a creative way...to expose it..."

"His...?"

"Schlong," Carrie said point black, which made Richard chuckle. "And make no mistake about it, it's a schlong," she laughed, using the word she reserved for penises of considerable size. "The fact that we're still talking about it close to a hundred years later...One of the stories, oh God, I can't remember which saloon it was but...

"Roscoe had apparently, sweetie, I don't even know how he did this, but he had apparently created some kind of holster for his schlong, that he hung from his gun belt - "

"No..."

"Sweetie, you can't make this stuff up," Carrie laughed. "And he had taken out his, his schlong, expertly put it through this holster, went strutting around the bar..."

"I can't even...imagine that...," Richard said, his mind wandering.

"Some of the bar's patrons thought it was funny, some did not, and that is how Roscoe would find himself in jail for a night."

"Other times he went strutting down the main thoroughfare with it just hanging out of his pants," Carrie said, not condoning Roscoe's behavior but nevertheless finding his brazen exhibitionism sort of whimsical.

"That's craaaazy," Richard chimed in.

"And I think, hon," Carrie said, leaning back in her chair, "it would be naive to think it was only Roscoe that was responsible for his wild behavior. Guys - and girls I should add - sort of egged on poor Roscoe to, shall I say, whip it out, set the record straight.

"And of course Roscoe embraced his role in all this. Was it René Descartes that said 'I think, therefore I am?' In Roscoe's case, 'I think I'm an exhibitionist, therefore I am an exhibitionist."

Carrie went digging through Florence's diary to find one particular recounting of Roscoe's antics. She read aloud.

Carrie: "Every time I tried to get through to Roscoe," Florence writes, "there is no reasoning with him. He pulls these stupid stunts. The exchange always goes something like this. Me: Roscoe, you can't be taking that thing out in public. Roscoe: I have a 10 and a half inch dick and I love to show it off. Me: Roscoe, there are rules you have to abide by. Roscoe: Rules don't apply to me, or my big dick. I'm a free spirit, baby.


"So one time I had bailed Roscoe out of jail for public drunkenness, and later that evening, he was drunk again, in the Rusty Nail, and you guessed it, he had it out. The thing about Roscoe's cock was that it was so long and floppy in its flaccid state that it was capable of some pretty acrobatic tricks. That particular evening, there was a crowd around Roscoe - both men and women alike, and Roscoe had taken out his cock. He proceeded to do what he called was his 'Ferris wheel trick.' Let me explain. What it involved was Roscoe gyrating his hips in a circular motion, causing his cock to follow suit. His cock swung around, over and over and over and over and over again, evoking a chorus of cheers and creating quite the ruckus at the Rusty Nail. His moose-sized penis looked like the mighty blades spinning about on a 10-story windmill. I had to laugh. At this point, I wasn't going to get upset over Roscoe's behavior, I would just let it happen and let the authorities deal with him. If this is the way he wanted to conduct himself, fine. So be it. I'm a free-spirited woman. I guess I can't keep preventing Roscoe from being a free-spirited man. Regardless of all of his cock-centered physical humor and how absurd some of his shenanigans may be."

When Carrie had finished reading that long exchange, she and Richard hooped and hollered and carried on for several minutes. They couldn't help it.

"Sweetie I can't get the image out of my mind. I'm picturing Florence writing with one of those giant plumes, by candlelight, recording these entries about Roscoe, his gigantic penis, his laundry list of run-ins with the law. It just seems so out of context for that time..."

"Goes to show ya exhibitionism was always around," Richard remarked.

"And so was CFNM," Carrie gushed. "Hon if there's one thing I wanna drive home, before we got off on such a tangent with Mr. Livingstone - "

"So what happened to him anyway?" Richard posed.

"To Roscoe?" Carrie laughed. "Oh, God, I think Florence mentioned he moved further west, maybe in 1900 or so. Maybe to turn over a new leaf, hon."

They both cracked up.

"I guess Roscoe is a good cautionary tale, hon," Carrie said. "With everything, there's rules and regulations to live by. For Heaven's sake, you have to keep it in your pants at least some of the time!"

They could hear the 11 o'clock news coming on and knew it was time to close up shop.

"But anyway, Dick, Florence St. Claire's photography, her artwork, the parties she had (wink-wink), all had a distinct and pretty refined CFNM theme. So we'll definitely get more into that tomorrow.

"I mean, how bout Temple, am I right? How about the history here?"

"Crazy," Dick offered.

"Jeeeez. Heavens to Murgatroyd," Carrie went on. "Who know this kind of stuff happened here. HERE. In Temple?!"

"Wouldn't totally hurt my feelings if there was the occasional boobie or boobies in those photos but, ya know..." Richard said, trailing off.

Carrie, not being rude but rather just so focused on the lessons at hand, paid no mind to Richard's remark.

"So there is one other thing, hon, and I'm kinda surprised you haven't asked me yet?"

Richard was puzzled. Carrie started the question for him.

"How did Florence's things wind up..."

"Oh, yeah, what were Florence's things doing in Ulysses' basement?"

"Good question, Dick," she smiled. "As you know...Ulysses had many relationships after his wife's passing."

"The stories about him are legendary," he replied.

"They are. They are. He and Florence were dear friends for a long time. And Ulysses became one of her models, even one of one of the five men Florence chose as a server for Temple Tea Time."

"Temple Tea Time?" Richard asked.

"Basically the ladies of Temple, ones personally invited by Florence, to come over, talk about clothing, dresses, all while sipping tea," Carrie teased with a smile. "And that tea just happened to be poured by, ya know, nude butlers."

"This is absolutely nuts," Richard said, his mind blown.

"Move over, Dawn McKenzie. Am I right?" Carrie said with gusto, speaking of the eccentric woman Deb Krendall had befriended out in San Francisco. "And, Dick, this is just the tip of the iceberg. If we do a bit of sleuthing, albeit once we get this class out of the way, I bet we can turn up even more about Temple's CFNM hijinx of the late 1800's and beyond. Especially Temple Tea Time, which still exists today, I might add."

That same Pontiac Firebird went motoring by again, this time much louder. But conversation ensued without delay.

"So speaking of setting the record straight...did you happen to come across photos of Ulysses?"

"I did," Carrie said easily.

"And you saw..."

"I did," she responded again, with a chuckle.

"Well? Inquiring minds wanna know, Carr. Let's face it, Ulysses isn't only famous for his heroics at the Alamo. There's a distinct anatomical trait, a Parker trait I may add..."

"He was a Parker, that's for sure," she said, being purposely coy.

"Carr, lemme tella ya, I have no interest in seeing my great-great-great-great-great-great grandfather - "

"That's a lotta greats, mm-mmm," Carrie laughed.

"I have no interest in seeing any candids of good ole Ulysses Parker," Richard understandebly explained, "so I gotta ask you, is it true? Plus it would shed some light on where I got THIS from."

Richard gestured to his startling endowment.

He then continued.

"I remember Bussett always carrying on about it, when he did that report on Ulysses, saying, 'dude, did you know you're related to a guy that had...'"

"He carried on about it in a manner in which only Bussett could carry on about something," Carrie laughed.

"There was even an old song about it, oh, God, how did it go, something like...drinkin' your whiskeys...tell me, have you ever seen one as long as Ulysses...," Richard tried to imitate.

"Oh, brother," Carrie laughed.

"I have no idea how it goes but...he had a legendary dick, that's all I know," Richard laughed.

Carrie smiled.

"The stories, legends, yarns, tall tales, folk songs - they are true, hon. Some of them exaggerated but...yeah, they're true."

She smiled. He smiled back. Both of them laughed.

"Ulysses had a 15-inch penis," Carrie stated, and with Carrie's credibility, that statement carried an awful lot of weight.

"Holy shit," Richard said. "Sorry - "

"No, no. You're fine. Imagine Phyllis Dorshten's reaction when she and I came across the pictures of U," Carrie said with a bawdy laugh. "She said much worse than you.

"I mean, in regards to the pictures, the ratio of penis to height..."

Richard started laughing, the look of bewilderment on Carrie's face the reason.

"I mean, Ulysses was a tall man but not, I would say six foot, maybe a little bit taller. And his penis - "

"It must be at his knees," Richard had to say.

"Sweetie, you took the words right out of my mouth. It was literally, there is a picture..."

Carrie even stood up to demonstrate.

"There is a picture of Ulysses with a full erection, where one of the women has Ulysses' penis pressed down along his leg and the head just about kisses his right knee."

"That's...that's bonkers," he replied.

Carrie chuckled.

"I mean it's absolutely remarkable is what it is. But I think also too that, he had a perfectly healthy sex life.

"Hon, lemme first say, whatever crazy number you grow into - maybe you're done growing, maybe not. It's a crazy world sometimes. But whatever the number, it's always compatible with someone," Carrie said gently. "Ulysses' first wife? Mothered nine of his children. So take that to the bank."

"But why are our penises so freakishly huge?!" Richard posed, almost in disgust.

"Sweetie, the universe is full of questions," was Carrie's playful retort, again with that wonderfully bawdy laugh, even giving Richard an endearing hug. "Be happy with what ya got."

"Fift-"

"Fifteen inches," Carrie insisted, cracking up again. "Honest to Pete, I think in the diary it mentions it was Rachel Von Stuben - and I know that name because I'm familiar with the Von Stubens family tree, it was Rachel Von Stuben who measured Ulysses. More than once actually (laugh). And Rachel was an avid church goer so you can't expect someone like that to lie about something like THIS. Can you?" Carrie joked along.

"Ulysses Parker. Man," Richard marveled.

"Phyllis joked that he could probably give himself one of those knee-jerk reflex exams without needing the little hammer," Carrie laughed.

"Ha!" Richard bellowed.

"He could just, hit it with his (making a clucking noise with her mouth), and be on his merry way," Carrie laughed.

Again, more bawdy laughter.

"Oh, brother..."

"That Ulysses was the bees' knees," Richard joked.

"Ha-ha! To his knees, ladies and gentlemen, to his knees. Yes, the stories are true. It was to his knees," Carrie announced, then clapping, getting a kick out of herself and the subject matter.

"You don't mess with Ulysses, Carr," Richard said jokingly.

"Better not. He'll knock ya over the head with his 15-inch penis," she fired back, the two playfully shoving each other.

Obviously Ulysses' endowment would be some inside info they would joke about for some time to come.

"I'm thinking he might have been able to joust with it? No?" Carrie laughed.

"Was he as much of an exhibitionist as Roscoe?" Richard asked.

"Roscoe? No, Ulysses, surprisingly, kept his endowment pretty much under wraps," Carrie informed, "only bringing it out when called upon."

"I'm thinking he must have had to go to a special taylor or a - "

"- haberdasher," Richard finished for her.

"Haberdasher," she laughed. "Word of the day - haberdasher. He must have had to go to a special taylor or haberdasher to accomodate something like that. But, no, he was not like Roscoe..."

"Although," Carrie continued. "As you know, Ulysses owned the Rusty Nail and it was said that there was, sort of a healthy rivalry between the two.

"That if the mood was right, if they were properly egged on...there would be a little side-by-side comparison."

"That's awesome," Richard marveled, at just how wild and cheeky the Old West could be.

"They would just drop their trousers, unfurl their respective schlongs and let the judges - always two or three willing ladies - do the (yawn), do the judging. Oh, hon, I am tired. I think it's time for bed."

"We got carried away talking about Ulysses," Richard laughed.

"Well that's easy to do," she chuckled. "But hon, we need to get rest for tomorrow. Enough talk."

"So wait," he begged, with one more question.

"Go, head, hon. Fire away," Carrie urged.

"No, I was just wondering if Temple Tea Time, the five guys she had, did they all have big dicks?"

"No, I don't think so," she said, giving the question serious thought. "It's a good question. But no, even though two of the five happen to be Roscoe Livingstone and Ulysses Parker (laugh), I don't think penis size was the overriding factor. I think a fun personality, how well they took care of themselves and their bodies - all of those were factors too.

"Judging from the pictures and the wide variety, I would venture to guess the other three men were of average size, maybe smaller. It takes all kinds, hon."

"There's so much about Ulysses I didn't know, about his life...," Richard pondered.

"Ya know, Dick, at one point or another, Ulysses was - I mean he was a fascinating man, really - he was a blacksmith, a sailor, a cooper, a blacksmith again, a stone cutter. And then of course he owned the Rusty Nail, which we alluded to earlier.

"And the only thing that ever gets mentioned or celebrated," Carrie began, having to laugh, "is the fact he had a 15-inch penis. I mean, that's interesting, that's fascinating even, but there were a lot more layers to Ulysses than his unique endowment."

"I can't wait to find out more about Texas Tea Time," Dick said excitedly. "Maybe Bussett, Craigers and I could join?"

"The Three Musketeers, huh? Maybe," Carrie suggested. "But Dick, we both gotta get to bed."

One problem, though. Richard's penis began to come to life, up from its long, flaccid state and out and up, the CFNM talk - and all things Florence St. Claire - began to be too much to handle.

"Sorry, Carr," Richard said of his erection, rising up strong and tall from the soft fabric of the swivel chair.

"Don't be," Carrie said, crossing her legs, unknowingly making things worse for poor Richard.

"Hon, I'm sure...I'm sure Florence is smiling somewhere, knowing her photography and her steamy diary entries had this kind of effect on you..."

"Yeah but I should have more control - tomorrow's the class!" Richard belted out.

"Sweetie, this is gonna happen from time to time," Carrie said soothingly, gesturing to his skyscraper-sized erection.

"You can't be perfect. It'll probably happen tomorrow, in fact. Don't be ashamed, Just that you make it through the 45 minutes, and believe me, your stamina has proven to be amazing.

"Plus today you were outstanding. That was a long afternoon, hon, and you, you were hangin' in there."

'Hangin' no doubt a cute reference to his size.

"It did feel good to be in such command," he said. "But hopefully this doesn't happen right off the bat tomorrow..."

He and Carrie both marveled at his erection.

"Well we have to be able to fit you through the doorway, hon, so please keep that in mind," she laughed, playfully jostling his hair.

She looked back down at his penis in a caring way.

Just then it happened, an unbroken rope of semen bursting from Richard's long tool and extending all the way out into the open air of the computer room, gently splashing down on the carpet no less than nine or 10 feet from where it first erupted.

"I'm so sorry, Carr," Richard said, embarrassed.

"Hon, just let it go. Let it go, hon. It's only natural," she encouraged him.

One rope after another. After another. After another. After another.

"For goodness sake, hon," Carrie laughed, again crossing those lovely limbs of hers and watching in disbelief.

"Un-believable...nine, 10, 11, 12 (laugh)..."

"Aaarrrrrggghhhh," was all Richard could say at this point, a mixture of arousal, frustration, and ultimate release.

His loads started to lessen in quantity and distance, and Carrie quickly made a save.

"Ooo, the photos, hon, don't get any of Florence' photos," she said as she went reaching for the manila folder.

"Needless to say, hon, I need you to clean up all this," Carrie gestured to the carpet with a smile.

"No problem," he mustered. "Again, I'm..."

"Don't be," she persisted, rising from her chair. Dick had risen from his chair a while ago, in more ways than one.

"But sweetie, that's all I got. I think we're ready for tomorrow. We'll get breakfast on the way, and oh I do wanna stop at the plaza after the class. I have to pick up some things."

It was as if this was by design, Carrie mentioning this. She wanted Richard to think beyond the class, that, yes, life goes on. That the class and the day ahead were not some insurmountable challenge.

"Oh, and hon, before I forget. Your Playgirls. BRING THEM," Carrie instructed.

"Yes, mam. Any particular ones?" he asked.

"All of them, I suppose," she shrugged. "Do you have every issue, Dick?"

"Close to it," he answered.

She giggled.

"Well, Dick, how bout this. Try to organize them chronologically. We'll do sort of a Playgirl through the years if you will," she laughed.

"Yes, mam."

Carrie gracefully left the room, Richard went about cleaning up, and the night drifted into its late hours. Carrie, on the way to her bedroom, informed Dick that the Cowboys had lost, 20-13, much to his chagrin. They both chuckled.

Carrie went to her room, Richard to his, getting ready for the big day ahead.

TO BE CONTINUED


The Tick Incident Ch. 08
bybess_armstrong©

Tanglefoot, Texas, 1876

"Name's Ulysses Parker, folks, what can I do for ya?" U announced as he strode over to the table of four.

"Well for starters, good sir, how 'bout you play a round with us," asked one of the gentlemen, shuffling a deck of old, weather-beaten cards. "We came all the way from Austin. In fact, I think we just beat the storm that's about to blow through."

"You ladies play cards?" U inquired.

"Very well," the other gentleman interjected. "Believe me, they play for keeps."

Closing time had come and gone, but U felt gracious enough to let these out-of-towners stay a while.

The gals, since they were the subject of Ulysses' welcomed glances, introduced themselves first. Both were stunning.

The delightful brunette was Obedience Wooster and the blonde was Gertrude Frank. The heavyset gentlemen was Cleveland, and the well-hatted gentleman, Irving.

"All the way from Austin, really," U asked again, as he poured four shots of Log Cabin No. 1, and one for himself.

********************

They played poker, brag, Faro and a few rounds of three-card monte. They even fancied dice games, trying their luck at grand hazard, high-low and chuck-a-luck.

Obedience provided plenty of spirit for the evening's festivities. She and Gertrude told jokes and sang bits and pieces of happy ballads.

"Now tell me folks," U began . "I know you didn't come all this way for the cards, whiskey, and my stories about local lore."

"You're a wholesaler, aren't you?" he asked Cleveland.

"That I am, good sir," Cleve admitted proudly. "And I'm prepared to make you quite a deal."

"You'd be surprised how many men that came through here, saying the same exact thing," U replied, rolling the dice with fervor.

"Now, hear me out, Mr. Parker," Cleveland persisted, putting down his drink for just a second or two. "I know times are tough around here. I know your habits. You purchase barrels of whiskey, add a few choice ingredients - "

"A special recipe," U interrupted with a grin.

"You add a few choice ingredients to make it last longer," Cleveland went on. "This way you earn quite a profit. But those ingredients, sir, one of which being tobacco juice - "

"I ain't ever use tobacco juice," U interjected again.

"Maybe that's just the other folks," said Cleveland.

"Can you imagine ordering a shot of whiskey and half of it is tobacco spit?" Obedience offered, cringing at the very thought.

"That's enough to turn you green," Gertrude laughed.

"Point is, good sir," Cleveland continued, "I can make you a great deal, 50 percent of what you're paying now. With a whole lot better profit and sustainability in return."

"Sure," U obliged. "But what's in it for you?"

********************

"Let me be frank," Isaac said.

"And I'll be Ulysses," U fired back, his sense of humor never wavering.

"Very funny, Mr. Parker," Gertrude delivered with a grin.

"The four of us," Cleveland explained, "we like to have fun. We like to fool around, ya know? We've been doing it for years. But good sir, you would be a conquest."

"I am just gonna lay it out flat. Isaac and I, we're voyeurs. We like to see our darling female friends here, experiment, have a little fun is all. And I think you could help us out, U."

Cleveland's admission was certainly not the weirdest thing ever muttered at The Rusty Nail.

These two couples knew what they wanted and they weren't ashamed of it.

Besides, one of the many gifts of a secure relationship is that it's a safe place. It is where fantasies can be explored with impunity.

Obviously the two couples had done this kind of thing before, only this time would be a little extra special.

"Can you appreciate that, good sir?"

"I certainly can," U said.

Said Irving: "Watching your gal do something naughty is a wonderfully exhilarating thrill."

"And this ain't sex. No sir. This is just hands - maybe a little, ahem, oral stimulation - and that's all."

The groundwork and parameters were being laid out.

"But why me?" U posed modestly.

Cleveland coughed to break the obvious tension.

It was Gertrude who spoke up.

"Oh, come on, Mr. Parker, don't be coy. The stories about you travel further than the Trinity river."

"Sir, with all due respect," added Irving, "we heard you got a prick that could derail the 3:12 freighter coming in from Belton."

"Oh, gaw-hawd," Obedience muttered, reacting with tickled amusement.

"Colorful way of putting it, Cleve," added Gert.

"So does this proposition interest you at all, good sir?" Irving posed. "We'll fill your bar at a tremendous discount, and believe me, your customers will keep coming back.

"In return, you spend a night with us. Tonight, in fact, if that works for you..."

"I can't say no to that," U reasoned.

********************

Obedience and Gertrude had each sauntered over to the bar to sit. The two were beautifully dressed.

Each wore a two-piece consisting of a bodice and a skirt. A bodice was a stiff garment, like a fitted jacket, usually supported with - of all things - whalebone or steel.

U could make out that each woman was very well-endowed. He fantasized about their large breasts, hidden underneath dresses of laurel green and periwinkle blue.

Despite the two gals revealing very little skin, what was showing was a tremendous amount of zeal, great energy and enthusiasm in pursuit of tonight's objective.

"Now, good sir, just to lay out some more of the ground rules," Cleveland commenced. "Obedience and Gertrude, they gonna play with ya. So with that in mind, I suggest ya get nekkid. The gals, they keep their clothes on. We are after all, the only ones to see them in such a state of affairs."

"I concur," U wholeheartedly agreed, albeit with a hint of disappointment. "To share these natural beauties with any other man would be a fool."

"Could we see it?" Obedience asked excitedly. "Many have suggested, Mr. Parker, that your thing is worthy of recognition at The World's Fair."

Some chuckles sounded through the saloon. But point well taken.

"An eager one, aren't you. But what are the gentlemen to be doing?"

"We'll just be watching, U," Irving divulged calmly.

"I won't have any of that," U protested. "If I get naked, you two shall as well. It creates more of a feeling of solidarity."

"Take your clothes off, Cleveland," Gertrude demanded of her boyfriend, her insistence making Obedience chuckle with delight. "Let's get this show on the road."

********************

"I've never seen Irving naked," Gertrude declared. "What a treat this will be."

Both men stripped down, removing everything from head to toe. They put their boots back on as to not get splinters.

"I do say you two look so silly, your boots on with your tickle tales showing like that," Obedience expressed in such a giddy fashion.

"You do have a very handsome member, Irving," Gertrude gushed, complimenting her best friend's man.

"And you, good sir, if you will," Cleveland gestured toward U.

"In keeping with the evening's fun spirit of things, perhaps maybe one of the ladies would like to fetch it out for me?" U offered.

Bawdy laughter and snickers ensued, but Obedience took on the challenge.

She walked over to the saloon owner and held out her delicate hand.

"I should just...put my hand down into your trousers?" she laughed.

U nodded. Things were getting awfully cheeky, but picking up momentum with every heated second.

"Okay, here goes," she exclaimed, and reached into his pants.

She felt around for a few moments until a look of amazement relayed that she had found her prize.

"What do we have here, Mr. Parker?" she cooed. "Lemme see..."

That look of amazement transformed to wonderment and even shock.

"Oh...oh my...," she uttered, her hand traveling further and further down his right pant leg.

"You look plum surprised, my darling," Irving shouted from the bar.

Obedience could not believe what she was feeling.

"Is this really your penis? For goodness sake, does it end?!" she could hardly say.

Finally she went to yank it out of U's trousers but her arm had gotten stuck, making for an even more outrageous sight.

"I can't get it out," she laughed.

Austin's former beauty pageant winner fidgeted and struggled until producing the object of everyone's interest. She managed to get her arm out, and with it, U's legendary penis. It flopped out of his trousers with reckless abandon.

********************

Gertrude spit out her whiskey, unable to contain her surprise.

"Well I'll be. I've never seen anything like it," Obedience rightfully declared, while looking down upon U's massive endowment, as long and nearly as thick as a beer bottle even in its flaccid state.

"Lord in Heaven, I've never seen one that big before," marveled Gertrude.

U jutted out his midsection, enjoying the watchful gaze of the two women.

Booming thunder had rolled in, causing everyone to jump. But Obedience's focus never wavered.

"Odd, isn't it? The size of your penis," she said with a smile. "I mean it's downright peculiar."

He rolled his hips, making his long, fat organ swing from side to side, flopping against his baggy trousers.

The exercise created quite the guffaw.

"I could live to be a hundred and not see anything quite like your penis," Obedience laughed.

U stripped down completely and disappeared behind the piano.

He calmly sat down on the bench and played spirited versions of 'Git Along Little Dogies' and 'Home on the Range.'

But then he stood, arms extended towards the heavens. And the playing somehow ensued. A single solitary key being banged on by someone or some...thing.

"Who or what is doing the playing?" Obedience wondered aloud, as the audience of four gave into side-splitting laughter.

"It's either the Lake Ghost of Tanglefoot, or his prick," Cleveland raged on.

U continued with his inspired playing, finishing to a rowdy crescendo of applause.

He walked from behind the piano, leaving little doubt what was banging down on the keys. A menacingly-large erection bounced before him.

"Well done, Mr. Parker, I'd throw roses if I had them," Obedience expressed, running over to give him a playful hug.

Soon Obedience and Gertrude would be rhyming, with reason. They both stared in awe, beholding the phallic phenomenon that was throbbing before them.

"My, God, your penis - your...cock. It's..."

"It's monumental..."

"Towering..."

"Tremendous!"

"Stupendous!"

"Mighty..."

"Mondo..."

"Walloping!"

"Whopping!"

"That's the darndest thing I ever seen," Cleveland belted out.

Obedience walked over and took U's massive erection in her hands, playfully wagging it about before beginning to stroke it gently up and down.

"I pose we set up a shooting gallery of sorts," U suggested.

"Name the target," Obedience replied, looking up at him with those precious blue eyes.

"Well since we're replacing all the whiskey, anyhow..."

U looked over at the bar and Obedience took his cue.

The other three had to laugh, the sight of Obedience Wooster pulling U by his third leg across the rickety, sawdust-covered floor boards.

She lifted his massive erection up over the bar and aimed it forward.

"See if you can hit the bottles," Ulysses instructed. "I have full confidence in your coaxing abilities."

"But which one shall I aim for? There's so many," she pondered aloud.

The buxom brunette used her hands to illustrate her point, waving them about. It left Ulysses' tremendously huge cock to bounce up and down, unattended.

"Try to hit all of them," he persisted.

"All of them?!" she replied in disbelief.

He flexed his prick up and down, his way of nodding yes.

Obedience shrieked giddily at the sight and went about her task.

"Jerk that cock, Obedience," Gert encouraged her.

"Up and down, up and down," Obedience said to herself, her soft but able hands bringing Ulysses' incredible penis closer towards a greatly-anticipated climax.

"I must say I can't wait to see this thing go off," Obedience declared proudly, her large breasts bouncing about ever so slightly underneath her bodice.

"Although I do like teasing you a bit," she cooed, ceasing her devastating strokes while she watched U's massive erection stab the air.

"Your cock is a miracle. It's almost as long as the Mission Espada Aqueduct," she marveled.

She pulled his hard-on down against his leg, releasing it to see it smack against the underside of the bar.

"I am really doing a number on you, aren't I, Mr. Parker?" she said in such a seductive, relentless fashion.

He could only groan his approval.

"Let's get back to our stroking, shall we, Mr. Parker? You must have quite a surplus stored up in those huge balls of yours."

U's final resistance was used up at this point.

His climax brought forth the very definition of the word flood: an overflowing of a large amount of liquid beyond its normal confines. And it caught Obedience horribly off guard.

"Heavens to Betsy," she jumped back.

"Aim it, don't forget we're making a sport of it," Gertrude belted out as ropes of ejaculate continued to erupt from U's tremendous prick.

Obedience tightened her grip on his cock all the while stroking it to a frenzied and effective pace.

Moving left to right, she watched in utter whimsy as U's absurdly-huge prick coated one bottle after another with its plentiful seed.

Thistle Dew, Old Crow, Hermitage, Old Kentucky, Old Reserve, Coronet, Log Cabin No. 1, O.K. Cutter, Chicken Cock and Old Forrester. She stroked, aimed and fired, dousing every target.

"Oooohhhh, Obedience, you are wonderful," U could only mutter.

"Look at it. Look at what his cock is doing! Woo-hoo!" the talented brunette screamed out in fascination and triumph.

It was an eruption for the ages.

"It won't stop going!" Gertrude said, moving closer to make sure her beautiful green eyes weren't playing tricks on her.

"Oh, just a few more bottles, c'mon, Mr. Parker, I've counted 17 spurts, just a few more," Obedience begged.

She was manipulating the last few copious spurts out of U's long prick, even pulling him up closer to the bar, his prick almost extending over to the other side of it. It was a comical sight.

"No more bullets in the gun are there?" teased the beauty.

"My word, that was an army's worth of ammunition," Cleveland chimed in.

"I'll say," Gert agreed.

Obedience finally let go of U's cock, noticing some of his seed had splattered all over her otherwise pristine skirt.

"I must say, Mr. Parker," she said as she held her hands aloft, their slickness glistening in the candlelight. "The voluminosity of your wonderful appendage far exceeds the size of it. And that is quite an accomplishment."

********************

Adding more and more kinks to a night of sheer debauchery, Obedience and Gertrude then swapped partners, each jerking the other boyfriend's cock to a full, fruitful climax.

More drinks flowed and square dancing ensued, everyone showing their spirit.

"O git up gals in de mawnin', O git up gals in de mawnin', O git up gals in de mawnin', Jes at de break ob day," everyone sang along.

The sight of the men's bare backsides and flopping penises created an overwhelming feeling of looseness and vagary.

It was inspired dancing, but surely not flawless, as both the women and men kept bumping into each other.

Obedience was soon facing U. She couldn't help but let her eyes wander down to his marvelous organ. He made it cavort and foxtrot, rolling his hips in such a fashion that his cock bounced and flopped with a certain degree of gaiety.

"It tends to move in a limp, loose, and ungainly way, doesn't it," Obedience said happily.

"Gert still hasn't played with it," Irving protested.

Gertrude approached U but instead of reaching out, she dropped down. To her knees.

"Gert, surely you don't plan to...," Obedience said in utter disbelief.

"I know what I'm doing," Gert persisted.

She dropped her head all the way down and extended out her tongue, licking the head of U's magnificent member while beginning to stroke it back to life.

"Already I'm having trouble fitting it in my mouth," she chuckled, her voice not so much sounding of displeasure but rather of embracing a challenge.

She was persistent.

"Obedience beat me in the pageant years ago. I am not going to let her top me again," said a determined Gertrude.

The blonde beauty had to open her jaw further and further to take in just the front end of U's staff. But wild, frantic movements soon gave way to order, and slow rhythmic motions had brought U's incredible penis back to its full, awesome capacity.

"She's doing it. She's really doing it. She's sucking his cock," said Cleve. "My darling Gertrude never ceases to impress."

She was giving herself and her lover a memory to last a lifetime.

The more Gertrude bobbed up and down furiously on U's gigantic member, producing loud, naughty sucking sounds that carried through the nearly-empty but raucous Rusty Nail, the more U struggled to hold off his load.

He started to erupt and Gertrude was thrust back from the force, nevertheless continuing to suck his hard-on as one copious burst of semen after another was released from his rod.

"I can't believe it," she managed to say as she took his spasming cock out of her mouth. "There's so much..."

Gertrude basked in its glory, letting each of U's many thick spurts splash down on her cheeks.

********************

Pacing themselves throughout an extraordinary evening, the party decided to partake with a few more cocktails. U, naturally, was bartender.

"Do you usually tend bar, Mr. Parker?," Obedience inquired.

"Nah, I have a guy that does it - Skallywag. We've been through a lot together."

"What do you do, U, besides run this delightful establishment?"

"I'm also a blacksmith, I cut stone..."

"Really?" she asked surprised, casually crossing her stocking-clad legs. "A man of many talents."

"Idle hands are the devil's workshop," he replied, not realizing how prophetic those words would be, given how many hands would be very busy soon.

U turned around, keeping busy with some sort of task that temporarily consumed him.

"What's he playin' at?" Cleveland wondered aloud.

"I have no earthly idea," was all Obedience could way with a laugh.

U slowly and carefully turned around, offering drinks. Only he didn't offer them with his hands.

"Oh my God. Ha-ha!" Ms. Wooster shouted with glee.

U had two drinks on a tray, one of the left, one on the right. And the tray was perched on top of his massive, fully-extended tallywacker.

"That just about trumps your piano trick from earlier," Obedience shrieked.

"I offer you ladies a drink each. But the trick is, you must take them in unison, otherwise you're liable to throw off the balance and one of the drinks will go crashing to the floor."

"Oh we do a lot of things in unison," Gertrude smiled.

The two women did as planned, sexily removing the refreshments from the tray, all the while rolling their eyes up at U in a tempting fashion.

"Well done, ladies," he approved.

Eager to see U's magnificent tool again, Obedience reached out and also removed the tray, seeing his member spring up.

"Ba-boing (laugh)!! I think we better work in tandem again, Gert," Obedience suggested to her best friend, reaching out and taking hold of U's lengthy stalk. He came around to stand in between the two seated women.

"You take the top, I'll take the bottom?" Ms. Wooster asked her friend.

"Sounds like a plan," Gertrude replied.

********************

Quietly and effectively, the women went about their task. Obedience's two hands worked the base of U's cock while Gertrude's probed and stroked the top portion. 




Their enthusiasm turned to giddiness.

"Ever have four hands on your cock all at once?" Obedience asked with a grin.

"Eh, I've had more," U claimed.

"More? Really? Sheesh," Obedience mildly protested, although given the size of U's tool, she could hardly argue.

"I guess I could see that..." she giggled.

"Temple Tea Time, which - "

"Oh my God I've heard of that," Obedience jumped in. "We'd fancy a membership in that social circle."

"I will keep you in the loop," U smiled. "It's a great time had by all."

Cleve and Irv, meanwhile, were glad to sit at the bar and watch festivities unfold, two voyeurs happy as clams.

Gert and Ms. Wooster continued to work their magic, four hands stroking up and down in rhythmic, inspired fashion.

"Are we doing a good job?" Obedience posed.

"If his prick is any indication...," Gert laughed.

"As tall as a totem pole," Obedience marveled.

The gals intermittently switched places on U's cock, rearranging their hands in playful fashion.

"I think I'm gonna come," U finally said in surrender.

"You're gonna shoot?" Obedience replied, her word a much better choice considering the tool in question.

Turning up the tempo, the two best friends stroked and stroked until U's groans and thrusts produced an explosion worthy of any Centennial celebration.

Gert and Obedience's manipulations harvested quite the ejaculatory burst, a tall column of semen rising up into the air from U's cock and not stopping until it hit the rafters.

"Blazes!" one of the onlookers said from across the bar.

"In all my born days...I'd never seen such a thing," Obedience said in true wonder as she watched one burst after another rise and fall, splashing down on the floor, the table, and unavoidably her legs and feet.

"Quite a grand finale," Gert interjected with splendor.

No type of firework - rockets, serpents, wheels, table rockets, cherry trees, fountains, or sun flowers - could produce this type of lengthy extravaganza.

"It's like - ooo there goes another one (laugh) - the Excelsior Geyser," Obedience alluded to.

Excelsior, named by the Hayden Geological Survey of 1871, would discharge 4,000 to 4,500 gallons of water per minute directly into the Firehole River. And in the late 19th century, much like U Parker, it erupted frequently.

Most of Excelsior's eruptions were about 100 feet high, although some exceeded 300 feet, in both height and width.

U's eruption had left all of its onlookers and instigators downright stunned, but powerfully stimulated and enriched by its sexual frenzy.

********************

Things calmed down, the party of five talking well into the night.

Many topics were covered. They discussed art, song, politics, and they chatted about the other Ulysses, the 18th President of the United States, Ulysses S. Grant, and whether or not he would run for a third term.

They talked until the sun came up.

All the while, the men remained completely nude. Clothes seemed to be a surrender to the next day. They didn't want this evening to end.

"You simply must come to see us in Austin, Mr. Parker," Obedience Wooster demanded. "We'd love to have you for another night of whimsy."

Eventually Cleve and Irv got dressed and made promise of delivering the whiskey to The Rusty Nail.

********************

Brilliant oranges and pinks decorated the horizon.

Their carriage was about to pull away from the jolly old saloon when, much to everyone's surprise, U came jogging out, naked as a jaybird.

One last goodbye.

The carriage rode away, carrying four passengers mighty glad they made the voyage to Tanglefoot.

"I'm sure happy we got to make U's acquaintance," Obedience raved, hugging her lover affectionately.

"Baby, you were amazing," Cleve said to Gert as their kisses intensified.

All still riding a buzz from U's last bottle of Old Kentucky as well as the night's grand events as a whole, they sang a naughty saloon ballad that had made its way to Austin. They had heard it so many times they had memorized the words.

The jubilant group sang in unison, mugs clanging. All in good cheer, the women's sweet tones beautifully rounded out the melody.

"Cheers to Ulysses Parker...
"He is a bartending genius...
"But his real claim to fame...
"He's got a fifteen-inch penis!

"Behold, it's a spectacle...
"He'll unveil it if you say please...
"You have to see it to believe it...
"Damn near to his knees!

"A towering tribute to Tanglefoot...
"It's hard as a rock...
"God bless Ulysses Parker...
"And his fifteen-inch cock!

********************

Nicknamed Tanglefoot because some citizens found that the combination of muddy streets and liquor made walking through the town challenging, Temple was founded as a railroad town in 1881.

In 1882, the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad built through the town, and soon after, the Santa Fe railroad made Temple a division point.

In 1893, the annual Temple Stag Party began, evolving out of a private Thanksgiving celebration attended by the town's leading men, including Delbert Parker.

Tis true that Parker men and Temple history are forever joined, like biscuits and gravy.

With a little prodding and digging, you will also find celebrated stories of their remarkable endowments, and the joy they brought to the masses.

Fast forward to 1979, when a song by the Bee Gees rocked Richard Parker's bedroom. The name of the song seemed awfully fitting: "Good Morning, Good Morning..."

He jumped up out of bed and for the first time ever, couldn't wait to get to class.

TO BE CONTINUED



The Tick Incident Ch. 09
bybess_armstrong©

Steve Comer was in command.

The hard-throwing right hander was pitching a masterpiece for the hometown Rangers and Dick Parker was a captivated viewer.

Texas was pistol-whipping the hated Red Sox, 11-2, and Comer was in a zone, about to throw a complete game.

The sounds of victory rang out loudly in the cavernous Temple Junior College cafeteria. Dick was the only one in it, nestled neatly into a corner. Nervousness blended with excitement inside his 18-year-old body.

"Dick?" came a call from afar. It persisted.

"Dick?" said the voice again.

He jumped up to greet the caller.

"Dick? Yoo-hoo...Where are you, hon? Dick?"

He saw it was Carrie. The clickety clack of her high heels drew closer.

"Oh, hon," she laughed. "It was a wild good chase finding you..."

"I'm sorry, Carr," he insisted.

"You're not hiding in here, are you, sweetie?" she smiled.

"Nah, nah, just...I found a T.V. Comer is pitching a gem for the Rangers. They're beating Boston," he went on.

"You ready, hon?" Carrie said, offering a sweet, nurturing smile.

"Oh yeah, definitely," he answered, wanting to sound eager and strong.

They headed out of the cafeteria and down the long, long corridor, at the end of it Room 138. It was their destination for the moment, but also the end of a long, long journey for Dick Parker.

"Feels like I've been preparing for this class for like eight years," he mused.

Carrie rubbed his shoulder.

"I warmed 'em up for ya, hon. It's a fun group, really," she smiled.

"Oh, and hon," Carrie went on casually, wanting to ease Dick's mind. "We're gonna meet Phyllis Dorshten for lunch after. I had hoped to have her over the last couple weeks or so but she was in California."

"Cool, cool," Dick replied, his mind occupied a bit.

Carrie rubbed his shoulder again.

"You are going to do wonderful, hon. I assure you. And have fun, kiddo," she said, offering her sincerest encouragement.

When their journey came to a stop, just outside the classroom, Dick could hear the muffled sound of female exuberance. Chatting, giggling, laughing, shouting all could be heard from outside the room.

Monarch-sized butterflies fluttered around in Dick Parker's stomach.

"Hon, I am gonna have you..." Carrie began, composed as ever.

"I am gonna have you disrobe here, and just put this towel around you, hon. And then, we will walk in - together," she assured him, wanting to provide some strength in solidarity.

"You really do look great today," said Dick as he got undressed, repeating something he had told her on the car ride over.

"Oh thank you, hon," she replied, looking down upon her knee-length beige skirt. "It's the first time I've worn this particular ensemble but I think it works..."

Carrie held out the towel for Dick as he got fully nude. His rather large member flopped into view, a giggle inevitably escaping from Carrie's lips.

"And heeeeeeeer ya go, hon," Carrie said playfully, holding out the towel.

Dick wrapped himself in the towel, for the moment, and walked in with Carrie.

The thought occurred to him, motivating him: like Steve Comer, could he go the distance?

******************

Carrie held court.

Everyone in the classroom grew to a hushed silence when the charismatic brunette walked back into the room. She had their attention once again.

Their silence was also due to anticipation.

"Well, well, well. Okay, the final leg of our journey," Carrie announced with gusto. "The male penis..."

A few chuckles could be heard, understandably so.

The women, aged 18-22, all set their gaze upon Dick, who was standing in the corner near the doorway. It was a big class, but not overly substantial. Dick, to keep his mind occupied, counted 30 or so young ladies in attendance.

"This is my darling T.A. for the day. Hon, you wanna come in?" Carrie teased, as Dick seemed pinned to the corner of the room.

He walked further in, his bashfulness subsiding little by little. Somehow, he felt very prepared for this moment. The day he went nude for Krendy and Maddy seemed far more overwhelming. This just felt like a test he had studied all night for, and was acing the first few questions.

"You wanna tell them a little bit about yourself, hon?" Carrie offered gently, as she took a seat on the corner of her desk, crossing her legs.

"Sure," he replied, holding the loosely-fitting towel in place.

He coughed before he spoke, the Texas heat drying his throat a bit.

"Well, my name is Dick Parker. I...am going to Baylor in the fall, where I plan to study architecture. Um, my two best friends are Barney Bussett and Craig Nichols...This...is actually my first rodeo, as far as nude modeling.

"Carrie asked me if I would help out and I said sure, no problem..."

Silence filled the room. Dick wondered if he had said enough, or just sounded really boring.

"You're best friends with Barney Bussett?" asked Lucy Monroe, seated fourth in the third row from the window, the sun shining nicely through.

"Yeah, don't hold it against me," he laughed, the rest of the ladies also having a chuckle.

"Oh my god, he and this guy that lives up the block from me were practically drag racing up and down the street last night," she complained. "In a very loud Pontiac Firebird..."

"Okay, okay," Carrie interjected.

"Let's not get too far off topic," she laughed.

Again, a short silence. And Carrie let it be. It was as if slowly and surely, she wanted the girls to be the navigators, take the class where it should go.

"First, why don't we all give Richard a round of applause just for helping us out today?" Carrie suggested, the two and a half dozen young ladies following suit.

Richard bowed for affect.

"We heard it's a whopper," offered Jill Jones, right from the front row.

"Yeah we saw the pictures of 'U' Parker," added Lucy, "and if there's ANY correlation..."

The room went into a tizzy, laughter and chattering back and forth until Carrie had to get things back on course.

"Alrighty, simmer down," she said with a smile, still sitting comfortably on her desk, never losing form.

"Yes, in the first half of our session," Carrie summarized, as a way of recapping but also effectively getting Dick up to speed, "we checked out some candid nudes by Florence St. Claire and also a few issues of Playgirl, donated by our darling

T.A..."

"Future model?" offered Cindy Jenkins, a cute, tomboy-ish blonde seated just a few feet from where Dick was nervously standing.

"Uh, maybe," he stammered, with a grin.

"But, unlike some grainy photos from the 1800's or glossy polaroids from present day, now we have the real thing," Carrie said with tremendous enthusiasm.

"So, Dick, hon? Why don't you drop your towel," she said easily, wanting to get the proverbial "show on the road."

"Okay, here goes," Dick said to himself, and the soft, cloth fabric cascaded gently down to the floor.

******************

Linda Gutteridge, an arts major, remembered the first time she ever saw 'Big Tex,' a 55-foot-tall statue and marketing icon of the annual State Fair of Texas, held at Fair Park in Dallas.

Seeing Dick Parker naked somehow topped that.

"That is a really big penis," she said flatly, the others in the class either too stunned or too shy to offer their opinion just yet.

Dick stood there, now completely nude, feeling 30 or so sets of curious eyes staring at him, or more namely, his impressive organ.

"Well just like my novelty-sized piece of chalk that I've been struggling with all day," Carrie said, holding the aforementioned object aloft, "or our four-foot map of Texas, covering up half the blackboard, Dick does possess quite the learning tool."

"It's my pride and joy," Dick followed up, he and Carrie working in tandem, the way a good teacher and T.A. should.

He swiveled his hips to gently make his organ sway side to side a bit.

The girls began to openly chuckle and point. It was healthy and organic. Dick enjoyed being the subject of their gaze.

"You wanna tell them about your endowment, hon?" Carrie asked gently.

Dick looked down at it, seemingly for inspiration. That cracked the girls up even more.

"Well, I have a big penis. It fluctuates between seven and eight inches soft, and then 11 and a half inches fully erect..."

"Eleven and a half inches?!" said a surprised Molly Kinnebrew. "Could we see it? Fully hard?"

"We will, we will, I assure you," confirmed Carrie from her desk. "But one thing at a time. It's a long afternoon."

Dick remained standing, expecting more questions to frantically come his way.

Sweet little Lucy Nesbrow, her big breasts bouncing a bit in her tight, white tank top, even got up from her desk and stood alongside it, offering a suggestion.

"Could you go like this," she posed, swiveling her hips, "make it flop around?"

The question itself injected humor into the situation, but when Dick actually obliged Lucy and made his dork dance, the entire room broke into a fit of high-pitched shrieks and chuckles.

It was jarring enough for the gals to see something that big and long hanging between a man's legs. But seeing it bounce about with unbridled enthusiasm took it to a whole other frenzied level.

Carrie, on cue, kept the show moving.

"Dick? I want you to go to the back of the room, behind the divider, and go into the closet," she instructed. "You will see a mini trampoline. I want you to bring it out."

******************

"Some, if you can believe, have referred to a penis as an intimidating, sexual weapon," Carrie lectured, "but one of the things we're here to do today is to dispel that myth. To break down and diminish all of those phallic anxieties we may have."

Dick slowly made his way back to the front of the room, carrying with him the sleek-looking, black and gray trampoline that Carrie had alluded to. The girls giggled as Dick tried to make his way up the narrow aisle, his penis bouncing around between his legs.

"So..." Carrie announced. "Trampolines are used primarily for exercise. It's a great workout. But today it's gonna be our little friend."

Dick put the apparatus down on the ground beside him. He didn't know yet what purpose it was going to serve, but he did begin to get an idea.

"What's she gonna do?" asked Patty Lynn.

"She's gonna have 'em jump on the trampoline," Cassidy Palmer fired back with gusto.

"Dick? You wanna?" posed Carrie.

He stepped up onto the trampoline but did so sheepishly, like a scared novice about to attempt a high dive.

"Carr, what are you making me do?" he laughed, causing the girls to crack up as well.

"Penises are fun! They're funny!" she replied, now standing up from her desk, adjusting her top just a bit.

Dick could easily make out the shape of her large breasts as she walked towards him.

"Sweetie, I want you to...bounce up and down," she instructed, giving a demonstration alongside him, her boobs doing just that, in her blouse.

Dick took a deep breath and took the plunge. He started bouncing, gently at first, then with enough force that his feet catapulted upwards, up and down into the air, playing with gravity.

As he gained more momentum and soared higher and higher, the frenzied laughter from the class grew from persistent to raucous.

"Look at it flopping!?"

"It's hitting his stomach!?"

The girls cared little about how high Richard was jumping, or how many times, but their attention was instead focused on his wildly-bouncing member.

A stroke of genius by Carrie, Richard's display of penis aerobics was quite the icebreaker, working in two ways. The girls were now more than comfortable with having a naked man in their midst, to the point of utter enjoyment and gaiety, and Richard in turn had certainly scared away all of those pesky butterflies.

"A one and a two and a three," counted Lucy, as if Richard's hectic dick flopping was an accepted exercise.

"C'mon, we wanna hear it smack your stomach!" yelled Tina Josowitz from the back row, her pig tail whipping back and forth.

"Oh my God, his penis swung around. Ooo, it did it again. And again!" Cassidy whined, collapsing onto her desk in hysterics.

"You are helicoptering all over the place," Lucy said flatly, a wry grin on her face.

"What's helicoptering?" laughed Betsy Brandt.

"It's when it...swings around - look," urged Lucy.

The crescendo of laughter had settled down a bit, but still persisted.

Richard took it up a notch by stretching his legs wider apart, sometimes touching his toes in mid air, but all the while the girls were solely focused on his penis.

"It almost...touches his nipples," mused Janice Alcott, a cute brunette sitting right underneath where Dick was bouncing.

"No, not that far," said Linda Staples with a laugh.

"But look how far it goes!?" Janice fired back.

Dick's bouncing penis kept pounding against his stomach like a drum, as if dancing to an imaginary disco beat.

"Naked guy on a trampoline, nice," Lucy laughed, then completely cracking up.

"Have we seen enough?" Carrie asked the crowd, herself trying to maintain composure in such a frenzied atmosphere.

"I don't think we could ever see enough of this, but, yes, I guess so," Melissa Cartwright said, dropping a pen by accident but not bothering to pick it up. She didn't want to miss a thing.

"Dick, you can stop, hon," Carrie told him with a smile.

"Good, I'm out of breath," he laughed.

"So are we!" Janice replied.

"You have a really acrobatic penis," said future philosophy major, Melissa Bing.

As instructed, Richard dragged the trampoline to the back of the room, putting it away for the day. It had served its purpose with flying colors.

"See, not so intimidating, am I right?" Carrie said with a wonderful, bawdy laugh.

******************

"So, now that we've seen how it can move and behave," Carrie laughed, "and since we're gonna be talking about it an awful lot, what do we call it?"

The girls in the class, still catching their breath after Dick's dizzying display, didn't produce an answer right away.

"C'mon, that wonderfully amusing appendage we just saw do an impressive impersonation of Charlie Chaplin's twirling cane. What do we call it?" she persisted.

Bridget Rose was the first one to answer.

"You mean his cock?" she said softly.

"Ding-ding-ding. That's correct," Carrie laughed. "But, hon, don't just say it, write it."

Carrie held out the fat, white stick of chalk for Bridget and urged her to go up to the board and write the word down.

Writing such a crass word on the blackboard seemed so delightfully out of place, but at the same time awfully thrilling. And after all, it was quite fitting, given the curriculum the ladies were studying on this fine, Texas afternoon.

"Jeez, Bridget, can you write it any bigger?!" Lucy said sarcastically.

There it was, in gigantic capital letters: COCK.

"That's my fault, hon," Carrie interjected. "I should have told you, everybody in the class is going to go up and write down a word. We have to leave room, but you're fine. We can, ahem, work around it."

Amber handed off to Lucy, like a relay. Having taken off her sandals, she pranced up to the blackboard in bare feet and wrote down her favorite - and possibly the most popular - penis euphemism.

Dick.

"Okay, we got the two Hall of Famers out of the way," Carrie laughed, crossing her legs. "But there are a boatload more. Let's keep it movin.' Let's keep it shakin.'"

One after another, each and every girl went up to the blackboard and wrote down a naughty word for the male anatomy.

Carrie's method again worked in two ways. It was simply making the women more comfortable in talking about and addressing the male organ, but it also worked to arouse Richard quite a deal. Seeing all of these nicely-mannered, well-spoken young females write down and use such crude words for the male sex organ was exhilarating, to say the least.

And it also seemed deliciously one-sided. They weren't writing down slang terms for boobs or bush, no-no-no. This was, after all, strictly a lesson - and discussion - of the male sex organ, in large part hidden and NOT talked about for generations and generations. Now, in more ways than one, it was on full display.

"There are soooooooo many words that are men's names," laughed Audra Jenkinson, a cute brunette with big, tanned thighs that Richard had been sneaking peaks at all afternoon.

"Peter, Jimmy, Johnson, Rod...well, of course, Dick..."

A few girlish snickers could be heard.

"Yeah we haven't even pointed out yet that..."

"What?" Carrie asked in teasing fashion.

"That your name's Dick...," Betsy went on.

"And you have a gigantic dick?" finished Lucy with a matter-of-fact fashion that had the class rolling.

Richard was getting more and more excited by the minute, his arousal rapidly growing.

"Like a lumberjack whose last name is Timber," Carrie said so sweetly and gently, with a smile.

The sound of chalk hastily whipping away against the blackboard continued for some time, one after another after another...

"I guess we should count at some point," Carrie laughed. "Dick, my darling T.A., you wanna count how many words the gals came up with?"

Richard dutifully counted, not minding at all that some of the more menial jobs of the afternoon were left to him.

"I count 72," he announced.

"Jeepers, that is a lot," Carrie laughed.

"Well I think 'cause everybody started writing down two or three words instead of just one," laughed Molly Walters.

"That's fine. I love the enthusiasm," Carrie said with a nod. "So, okay, I think that's enough. Mission accomplished. Now that we know what to call it, let's move onto learning more about it. Seeing what makes them tick, and go off..."

The girls clenched with excitement.

"Let's take matters into our own hands, shall we?" she announced with gusto.

******************

Richard's penis had ballooned into its proud, 11-and-a-half-inch state, bedazzling the women in attendance.

Carrie, getting up from her desk and moving to stand alongside Richard, on his left, bounced into his extended drawbridge in the process, causing it to bend far to the left and then thwack back into position.

"Ooo, sorry, hon, just trying to get around ya,'" she smiled.

"Now, what are we going to do when we might be confronted with something the size of Dick's dick?" Carrie asked the class.

"Run for the hills?" asked Kelly Cavanaugh.

"No, no. By no means," Carrie instantly protested, although the comment from Kelly got a few laughs. "Big penises can be kind of, well, jarring at first but, there are steps, to make things more enjoyable for you and your partner."

With that, Carrie expertly had Richard sidle up alongside the first row of ladies.

"We're going to practice our masturbating skills," Carrie announced, the class quickly beginning to pick up steam, like a hard-charging locomotive. "I am going to have you each stroke Richard, stroke him a few times, a nice couple of long, soothing tugs and caresses, and then pass him along to the girl in back of you."

"Just pass his cock around the room," Lindsay Bennett laughed, her Cowboys T-shirt definitely pleasing Richard.

"And, Dick? Your mission, hon, if you choose to accept it," Carrie teased, "is to stay upright (laugh). You have to last until every girl has had a turn, okay?"

"Yes, mam," he replied dutifully.

One after another, each of the girls had a turn stroking Richard's massive penis.

"Oh my God, your dick is so long," Lucy gushed, covering her mouth as if she had said something wrong. "It so long - can I use two hands?"

"There are no rules here. Sure," Carrie said, retreating to her desk and letting the young ladies take over. 


"What do you when you masturbate?" asked Kelly.

"Can you..." Glenda Weinstein started to ask, then trailed off.

"Eh, I go back and forth between one and two hands," Dick offered.

"You alternate. Got it," said the big-bosomed Penelope Andrews, poking fun at their risqué conversation.

"I try to last as long as I can, just to make it that much more of a build-up and release," he explained.

"Well that'll come in handy today, Mr. Dick," she teased, gesturing to the rows and rows of young ladies that were eager to get their hands on Richard's cock.

The women each had their own technique, some going about it quickly and using rapid, tense strokes while others soothingly tugged his tool, marveling at its size and length.

Either way, Dick had started to moan quite audibly, a fact not lost on the women.

"This must be torture for you," Cecilia Stevens gushed, as she began to stroke Dick. "Just think of it as...you're almost at the 50-yard line..."

"And that's good because he's a HUGE football fan," Carrie interjected from the front of the room.

As Cecilia let go of Dick's dork, she accidentally pulled it down, seeing it spring up with tremendous force.

"Oof, my mistake," she laughed. But she did it again, this time by design.

The class caught on to what she was doing and loved the display.

"Here, put a grape on the end of his cock and see if it'll fling up," Molly suggested, with Cecilia cracking up at the mere notion.

Molly never thought the grapes she brought as a snack that day would be used in such a fashion.

Cecilia, meanwhile, pulled Richard's erection down as far as it would go, to the point of subtle, audible groans from Richard himself, and placed the grape on the end of his wang. She let go, producing a result worthy of the audience it now drew.

"Woo-hoo!" Cecilia belted out, giving a just a small indication of her future as a local, well-known Country Western singer.

The grape, comically, had bounced off Richard's forehead and rolled away to an unknown destination.

"Okay, okay, let's keep this show on the road," Carrie objected, although laughing at the aforementioned stunt. "Dick is here to help, not to be our play toy."

"Is there a difference?" Lucy objected.

Carrie's grin grew wider. She offered a comforting nod in Richard's direction.

The women diligently continued to stroke Richard, one by one, up and down the aisles of chairs and excited occupants.

But the shenanigans ensued, some hanging their purses from his outrageously-huge erection.

Enough did it that it quickly became a thing.

"Your cock comes in awfully handy," complimented Audrey Powell.

Amber Hewitt, to Dick's surprise, was the last girl to get a feel of Richard. They knew each other, yet somehow she chose to not make eye contact and instead focus only on his cock.

She took the five or six purses off of his rod, pulling them down and off to see his cock go flinging up against his tight stomach.

The girls cheered but Amber was in complete focus, seemingly hypnotized. It was as if this atmosphere, this arena, had given her a whole new level of sexual awareness, and power.

"I'm the lucky one who gets to finish you off," she cooed, her massive tits just inches from Dick's face yet covered up, out of sight. "Do me a favor. You're the only one who didn't get to write on the blackboard today.

"I want you to write...with this," she said, pulling his cock up. "I want you to shoot all over the blackboard, can you do that for me baby?"

"Yes, mam," he obliged.

Amber's strokes were persistent, and well-measured. She wanted to complete this team effort, yet not rush. She wanted to carefully produce an end result worthy of the many ladies that had a hand in its making.

Richard was reduced to groans and soft whimpers, as Amber continued to yank, caress and pull on his hardened tool.

"Okay, I think we're COMING in for a landing. I'm gonna aim your cock to the front of the room, okay?" she asked.

Richard could only nod.

"Look how big his balls are," voiced Rebecca Green. "They're like, 'please let us have release?!'"

Amber stroked and stroked and pointed Dick's dick as best she could. She could feel his hardened cock tense up.

Richard's blood was boiling.

"Oh, God, Amber..." Richard finally managed to say as a huge ejaculatory spurt came erupting from his cock, whizzing through the air until it splashed against its target, fittingly the huge COCK that Bridget Rose had written down earlier in the class.

"Bingo!" Amber cried with utmost satisfaction.

Before they could marvel at the sheer power of Dick's prodigious cumshot, traveling some 20 feet from the back row, another came along with it, then another, then another.

"OH MY GOD!?" cried Tess Jefferson, jumping up from her seat.

"Just keep stroking him, Amber. Just keep stroking," Carrie said calmly and effectively, herself plenty familiar with Richard's massive eruptions.

"AAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhh, it won't stop going," Amber cried out, taking plenty of satisfaction in what she had produced, even though she knew there were plenty of hands to thank.

Some shots, sadly, did not meet their target. The back of Lucy's head, for instance, was drenched with one of Richard's thick ropes.

"Watch it, Amber, for God's sake!" Lucy played along.

"It just...it just keeps going. It just keeps going. My goodness," Amber said, watching her hand do the work and watching one rope after another shoot from Dick's lengthy cock.

The blackboard, the floor, Lucy, the desks - they'd all been drenched.

"How am I gonna get this out of my hair?" Lucy whined, albeit with a tickled sense of amusement.

"He's still going! His dick's still shooting," Cassidy marveled, as every one of the girls was either twisting and turning in her seat to see the display or had gotten out of her seat all together and dashed over to crowd around.

One final rope was coaxed out of Dick, its final resting place not known until moments later.

That is when the bespectacled Jenna Frazier stood up, causing everyone to crack up at her appearance.

"I guess I need windshield wipers," she laughed.

Dick's final, memorable outburst had drizzled all over Jenna's glasses. She took them off, holding them up as a trophy.

Amber finally let go of Dick's massive stalk, come running off her fingers and onto the floor.

"Way to go, Amber!" was soon the refrain.

"Am-ber, Am-ber, Am-ber!" they all cheered, Dick more than happy to step aside for the moment and let the women have their fun and celebration.

"Well that was -" Carrie began but was interrupted by Dawn McShelby.

"You're a cock star, Amber," Lucy gushed, with tremendous praise.

Amber stood up from her desk and gave a bow to her classroom full of fans. It was the loudest ovation yet.

Carrie laughed with delight.

"Well let's all catch our breaths, shall we? Dick, I need you to clean up a bit, hon, my darling T.A.," she said.

"Yes, mam," he quickly replied, dashing to the front of the room, his flaccid but huge schlong bouncing about, much to the delight of the mesmerized spectators.

"Let's take a 10-minute break," Carrie suggested, as everyone rose to their feet.

"I have questions," Lucy said with a beaming smile, offering a glance in Richard's direction.

"I'm sure you have a plethora of questions for him, but after the break," Carrie repeated, wanting the class to keep to a schedule. "We still have a lot of ground to cover. Dick, in the meantime, hon, you wanna get dressed and go down to the cafeteria, get everyone some refreshments?"

"Sure," he answered happily.

"You know where it is, hon," she said. "Hop to it. But don't rush. We have plenty of time."

Richard trotted happily down the hallway. That was a heck of an introduction.

He just hoped, like Comer earlier in the day, he could go the distance.

TO BE CONTINUED


