The Flume at Falcon Rock
byKenNicottii©

* * *


A Chance Encounter:

My sister Erin glanced over as she eased her car from the arrivals curb at the Dallas-Fort Worth airport.

"So how was your flight?"

Actually, it was pretty shitty, now that you ask. She had just driven over a hundred miles to pick me up so I wouldn't be tormented by a three hour wait to take the next Greyhound bus home. I knew she was just being friendly and probably didn't want to hear the details.

"It was fine. No one took the middle seat. That's always a nice surprise these days. Hey, thanks for coming to get me. You know you don't have to as long as there's still a bus leaving when I get in. You want me to drive back?"

"No, I'm good. It's still light for a few more hours. Anyway, we'll have a chance to catch up on the way. Ed and I are delighted you came home for your birthday. It'll help take your mind off things out there. A change of scenery will be good. You know you're always welcome."

Erin is six years younger than I am. I must have been so incorrigible as a child that my mother refused to have another baby until I was safely in the first grade and out of the house for most of the day.

My plans to visit Erin and her husband Ed were made at the last minute. I had been dumped by my long-time girlfriend a few months back and was still asking myself why. Maybe I was in need of some serious self-reflection, which might happen a little more easily if I was away from my familiar surroundings.

I had been looking forward to a destination party for my 50th birthday. Away from Los Angeles, up the coast near Santa Barbara. A perfect storm of excuses caused my entire inner circle of friends to decline the invitation: spousal illness, a business crisis, a family funeral, having other plans, and a cratering marriage. Oh, and the parents who decided to go to their daughter's umpteenth gymnastics meet instead of partying down with me. Since I don't have kids of my own, I guess I shouldn't judge.

"So have you figured out how you want to celebrate your birthday? Ed's out of town on a company retreat, but he'll be back in time. Check if there's any live music you want to see. And decide on a restaurant soon so we can get reservations if we need them.

"I waited to go food shopping until you got here. We finally got a Natural Grocers. They should have most of the things you say you never can get in our backwoods town."

That was good news. I'd definitely grown into a food crank and picky eater as my list of things I should avoid grows longer every year, but I still planned to have birthday cake and ice cream.

* * *

We were pushing the cart around the store when I thought I saw one of Erin's old friends.

"Isn't that Laurie Quinn over there? At the deli counter."

"Oh, god. I don't want to talk to her now."

"Why not?"

"She's ... weird."

"How so?"

"Well, you know."

"No, I don't know. I thought you and Laurie and the others were inseparable when you were in college."

"We were. And still are mostly, except Laurie was the only one who moved out of state after graduation. She lives in Washington, D.C.

"Sometimes the things that bring people together in their childhood or at school change over time. So the friendships change. You don't hang out with everyone that you buddied around with at school, do you?"

"I guess you're right. I probably would still be close to the old gang if I hadn't moved away. So what's she doing back here?"

"She was engaged to this guy, but that went sideways. She'd been with him for years. Laurie's never been able to hold onto a man. We thought she'd finally broken that curse. She's here to settle her late mother's estate. The house has just been sitting there the whole time, even though the funeral was almost a year ago. I thought about calling her, but I was waiting for her to make the first move."

Laurie began heading our way. She had on a washed-out burnt orange sweatshirt from the University of Texas, one that looked like she'd been wearing since she was a freshman. A pair of baggy brown pants and flip-flops completed her slovenly outfit. I always thought Laurie didn't do herself any favors by the way she dressed—unfeminine and unfashionable. Even when she was cleaned up for a party or some grown-up event, she dressed very matronly, in things her mother would wear. I wondered if she walked around like that in D.C. Her reddish-brown hair was pinned up tightly in her trademark schoolmarm bun, severe and nary a hair out of place.

On the other hand, Laurie has a very elegant neck that's optimally displayed by that hairstyle. And her eyes—she has the deepest blue eyes. What color would you call them: cobalt, indigo, lapis? I could stare at them indefinitely—like other women's cleavage.

I always thought she was the most attractive of Erin's friends but didn't present herself well. Laurie always seemed shy and unsure of herself, sometimes awkwardly overcompensating for this.

"My god, she's gotten a boob job!"

"Laurie? You're kidding." She seemed like the most unlikely person I know to do that.

"No, look. Those two lumps in her sweatshirt were never there before."

"Tell you what, I'll go over and ask her: 'Laurie, Erin was saying you must have gotten a boob job.' That should clear things up."

Erin swiftly turned our cart down the next aisle so Laurie wouldn't see us. More out of loneliness than any physical attraction, I decided to go over and say hello.

Erin and Laurie were part of a quartet of close friends as far back as I could remember, along with Terri Unger and Fran Carver. Terri was the plainest of the bunch, but she got all the boobs that Laurie and Fran didn't—and then some. I pretty much ignored all of them, but I'll admit that I had more than a few sexual thoughts about Terri once I started noticing her burgeoning bosom when she was a UT student.

Laurie beamed with surprise when I called her name.

"Oh, hi, Joe. Didn't expect to see you here. Are you here with Erin? I've been meaning to call her since I got back. I'm finally dealing with cleaning out and selling my mother's house."

She didn't mention her failed engagement. Naturally she wondered what brought me there during the hottest part of a Texas summer.

"I decided to celebrate my 50th birthday here. The plans in L.A. didn't jell, so I thought I'd come back home and do it here. Things haven't been going well of late out there ... socially."

"So are you and Erin going to the free river concert tomorrow night?"

"I hadn't heard about it. Who's playing?"

She mentioned the name of a Western Swing revivalist band I knew was based in L.A.

"Oh, they're good. I've seen them several times. I'm sure you'll enjoy them if you like that kind of music. I'm not sure about Erin, but it sounds like fun. Maybe I'll see you there."

I was surprised when Erin appeared with our cart. The two of them made small talk while I mulled over my birthday party options. Erin took a pass on the river concert—too hot and too many mosquitos. When we got back in the car, Erin teased me about going on a date with Laurie.

"It's not a date. Maybe you could call it a hook-up—if people our age are allowed to use that term."

Erin smirked. "If I find out you've poked one of my friends, you'll never hear the end of it."

"So I'm supposed to be a homebody like you and not go, just to prove I'm not interested in her?"

"No, I'm just worried that you're both on the rebound and might not exercise good judgment."

I reminded her that the purpose of my trip wasn't to get laid, particularly by any of her friends. The conversation got into the antics of the four of them back in college. Erin was regaling me with stories about Laurie's prim attitude amidst the school's legendary debauchery.

"She would go to some of the fraternity parties, but never the toga parties. Laurie was a virgin when we started as freshmen. She didn't give it up until her sophomore year. And the guy she dated then was a complete loser. I'll bet she wished she had that as a do-over."

"Did she ever do any of that campus nude streaking? Or those midnight underwear runs?"

"Laurie Quinn? Ha-hah, surely you jest. Those were even a step too far for me. I think Fran participated in one of the underwear runs—or claimed she did."

"What about Terri Unger?"

Erin shot me a dirty look and shook her head. She knew exactly why I had asked about her busty friend.

"In your dreams."


Soft Summer Nights:

The following night I decided to go to the concert, mainly to see the band; but there might also be some single women present who needed a dance partner. I hoped the slight breeze off the river would keep the mosquitos at bay, but I brought along a pump bottle of repellent to be sure. I was putting some on out in the parking lot when I heard the band strike up the first notes of "Ida Red." I finished up and made my way toward the music.

The concert was in a natural amphitheater built into the side of a gentle knoll. The stage extended out into the river with a dance floor directly in front. Masons had used local limestone to create the tiers of rustic seating. Chairs and tables were set up at the top terrace where it was level, and strings of lights festooned the live oak trees. It would have been a perfect evening if it wasn't so damn humid.

About three songs in, I noticed Laurie sitting by herself, with her hair tightly pinned up, swatting mosquitos. She stood up to greet me, but we both seemed unsure about a hug—so we just shook hands. Laurie had on a fit and flare dress but wasn't wearing it confidently. Maybe she just bought it or it wasn't a style she would normally choose—or both. Regardless, I was surprised to see her wearing a dress at all. I had only seen her wear ones at formal parties. It was modestly cut with the hem below the knee, cap sleeves, and a high neckline. I couldn't decide if the style was hipster retro or merely out of fashion. The pattern was unexpectedly bold, but the colors were wrong for her.

I didn't really care what she was wearing since her physique was that of a perfect dance partner: several inches shorter, slender as a reed, easy to maneuver. We need to get this woman out on the dance floor at some point tonight. I offered to get her a drink. She looked like she could use one: anxious, tugging and pulling on her dress, fixated on the mosquitos. She wasn't interested in my drink offer.

"Do you have any insect repellent back in your car?" she asked. "These damn skeeters are eating me alive."

"I have some right here in my pocket."

I gave the bottle to her, and she started to squirt it directly on her legs."

"Laurie, spray it into your palm first, then spread it on. You'll get more consistent coverage that way."

"Oh, I hadn't thought of that."

She was almost done when I watched a mosquito land on her back and bite her. She flinched and vainly tried to swat it away.

"Here, let me get your back."

Her dress was cut lower in the back than I expected. The top of her bra band was visible. I wondered if she knew that.

"Laurie, I'll need to put some under the edges of your dress and bra. They love to target those tiny spots you overlook."

"Sure, it's OK. Just hurry, please."

My hands slipped under the fabric of her dress to make sure I didn't miss any exposed areas. I lifted the back of her bra so I could protect her skin there, too. It felt odd touching her like that for the first time, with my hands all over her bare skin and clothing. I was probably more uncomfortable than she was.

Even though her dress had a high bodice in front, it didn't fit that snugly. When she leaned over, I could see some cleavage. Her boobs were definitely bigger than what I remembered. If we did a slow dance I might be able to tell if they were fake or real, assuming we got that close to each other. She had on an alluring scent. It was the first time I'd ever noticed her wearing perfume.

"Laurie, that's a very sensual fragrance you have on. But if it attracts men, it's going to attract mosquitos, too."

She got a worried look on her face. "Did I put too much on?"

I touched her bare arm to reassure her. "No, it's subtle but detectable."

Actually, it was a bit strong, but I didn't think it was my job to be candid about things like that. That's what friends like Erin are for.

Laurie handed the bottle back to me. "Joe, you're a lifesaver."

"Now can I get you a beer?"

Laurie put her hand on my shoulder to stand up. "I'll buy you one instead. I need to thank you for saving me from the mosquitos. I was getting ready to leave early because of that, right when you walked over. Is Shiner Bock OK?"

"Are you going to remember where we're sitting?" She seemed a little scatterbrained.

"Oh, you think I'm going to fall in with some roughneck cowboy?"

"Maybe. That dress you have on is very appealing."

She blushed and almost tripped over her own feet.

"Oh, Laurie, one other thing. When you get home, get in the shower and wash off the insect repellent. Don't go to bed with it on."

She nodded her head and thanked me. As she walked away, the image of a naked, wet Laurie Quinn—hair pinned up, soaping off her bigger boobs—caused an unexpected twitch down below.

* * *

When she returned, we engaged in some small talk while we drank our beers. I was getting restless, yearning to get out on the dance floor; but I wasn't sure about Laurie's abilities or sense of rhythm. One way to find out.

"Laurie, would you like to dance?" She looked like I had just asked her go nude skydiving.

"Oh, thanks, but I'm no good at it. Look at what some of those couples out on the dance floor are doing. I could never jump and spin like some of those gals."

"I can show you some simple steps, enough to have fun. Look, I don't even have a cowboy hat on, so I'll feel odd, too. We can take it slow, start off easy."

Laurie was right; many couples were executing some advanced moves: dips and lifts, pulls between the legs, aerials. Most seemed to be part of some dance club since they were all wearing the same orange kerchiefs. I couldn't remember what that color means in the gay hanky code.

I took Laurie by the hand and led her down to the dance floor. I positioned us off to the side so we wouldn't get in the way of the show-offs.

"Why don't we just boogie to loosen up before trying partner dancing?"

She was stiff and self-conscious—no surprise there.

"Laurie, no one's watching us. They're looking at the fancy club dancers. C'mon, clap those hands, toss that head. There we go. Shake those hips, move those feet."

What I also wanted to say was "undo that hair, let it down, set it free." By the second song, she was starting to loosen up a little; but she was overwhelmed watching the expert dancers.

"Forget about them. We can try a few basic steps. Let's start side by side to get the timing down. The man starts off on his heel, the woman on her toes."

Soon we'd progressed to dancing face to face. "Here's the secret: the woman is actually providing the locomotion, not being pushed backward by the man—he's just steering."

Laurie wasn't a natural, but she was trying. "That's good ... you're getting better ... nice. See, it's not that hard. Remember, I'm not pushing you, you're pulling me."

Once she had the basics down, I introduced her to a couple of simple lady twirls by having her watch how some of the other dancers were doing it. Sure, we had our share of moves that didn't work out, but that's when we laughed the most.

As her dancing improved Laurie surprised me. She revealed a playfulness matched with an infectious smile—a combination I'd never noticed before. After another song or two, we were working pretty well together. We were able to stop thinking about the mechanics and start feeding off each other's energy and charisma. Subtle but inescapable sexual undertones grew as we got in sync. I wasn't sure how I felt about that.

Laurie's enthusiasm, however, was getting out ahead of her abilities. She wanted us to try some of the more advanced techniques.

"Laurie, you should never do moves like that with someone you don't know. Even if you've seen him do them well with another partner. For starters, the man's hands often need to touch some unexpected places to make the move work. Keep in mind this is as much about acrobatics as it is dancing. To get that good you need lots of practice with a partner, ideally on a gym mat with a friend to spot you.

"What about what they just did?"

Laurie had eyed a couple performing a Cinderella lift. Somewhat against my better judgment I agreed to show her how to do it.

"Let's start with my picking you up on cue without circling around. You need to get used to being touched in different places. Now the key to this is how you place your forearms above mine so they act as a brace when I lift you. Start by putting your hands on my waist. Now when I lift you, I'll have my forearms under yours to provide support for your body."

I demonstrated how this would work and gave her the count-off that cues the lift. We did a few repetitions in place without my pivoting. I wanted to make sure I was strong enough to lift her and she was focused enough to get off the ground safely.

"Alright, I think you're ready for the twirl. As I lift you I'm going to pivot in place and do a 360 degree turn then set you down. Do you remember when Prince Charming was dancing with Cinderella at the ball, and he lifts her up and pivots around? That's what we're doing. Relax below your waist and let your legs fly out during the turn. Let's pivot without the lift to make sure we both understand the count. And we need to be aware of our position next to other dancers when we do a move like this."

Laurie was a little clumsy at first. She wanted to try again; and after a few more attempts, she started getting it. I felt she was ready for the full version. Up she went, her legs swinging out as I pivoted around. Laurie was as giddy as a child on her first merry-go-round ride. We did it two more times but stopped there since I was getting worn out from all that lifting.

"Good work, Laurie. You're a quick learner. And you should be after all those dancing classes I drove the four of you to every week."

That was a chore my parents laid on me. Driving a quartet of giggly girls to and from their dancing class. It was a condition of getting my unrestricted driver's license, which I desperately needed to stop having my Mom or Dad drive the car when I dated.

"Ah, I remember those dance classes," she said. "It was the only time I was allowed to get close to boys at that age. Pre-teen is an odd time for girls. Some were growing up sooner than others."

"Like Terri Unger?"

As soon as those words left my lips, I wanted to take them back. Laurie had the wry grin of a woman who remembered what it was like to spend her early pubescence in the shadow of a bustier friend.

"So you noticed, too?" she said in an accusing tone.

Laurie, the boys at the blind school noticed.

Our awkward conversation was interrupted by the twin fiddle intro of "Faded Love"—the first slow song since we started dancing.

There's always that moment of uncertainty when the first slow dance starts up. There shouldn't be any hard feelings if one's partner wants to take a break, sit down and rest. Or maybe the woman wouldn't be ready for the closeness a slow dance involves. Surely a guy wouldn't be offended by that, particularly if it's the first time she's danced with him, and especially if they don't know each other. That's understandable. And frankly, the woman just may not be that eager to press her body up against some sweaty oaf, whether she knows him or not.

Laurie had a sheen of perspiration and was breathing hard; but she surprised me when she gracefully guided me into position for the slow dance: our hands clasped and raised on one side, a few discreet inches between us, her other hand on my shoulder, mine on her lower back.

She eased a little closer, and our cheeks grazed. Seconds later her hand moved down from my shoulder, slipped around my waist, and drew my body against hers. She repositioned my left hand next to my other one, behind her back and just above her hips. Laurie looked up at me and smiled, placed her arms around my neck, and nestled her face against mine with a barely audible sigh. Heat was radiating off her skin.

I felt her body mold to mine. Her breasts felt very natural as they flattened against my chest. Our waists and thighs pressed together with just enough freedom below the knees to slowly glide around the dance floor. Laurie's perfume crept into my nostrils as she let her body soften even more, melding to mine in a way that was unavoidably intimate. I struggled to keep my erection from crashing the party. The lyrics from that Sinatra song about a very good year floated through my head: "Small town girls on soft summer nights." But I certainly wasn't seventeen, not by a long shot.

At the end, Laurie gave me a little hug and lifted her head. Her unusual indigo eyes stared into my run-of-the-mill light blue eyes. An enigmatic smile crossed her face as her fingertips lightly touched my cheek.

"Thank-you, Joe. That felt nice. Very natural."

Laurie and I had another round of beers and talked some more. More fast dancing and some more slow dancing. We both seemed to be nourished by the feel of one's body against another's. We were sitting together closer than before, with our adjacent knees gently touching, when I asked her if there were any new restaurants in town I should know about.

She mentioned several, but I was hoping to hear about some healthier breakfast choices.

"So you're not an Egg McMuffin person? Let me think. Oh, did you ever eat at the Whispering Pines Café, about ten miles outside of town?"

"Yeah, I had a summer job took that took me out there, usually every week. I thought that place was all heart attack food."

"They still have that," she explained, "But the owners retired, and their two daughters took over. One went to culinary school and was a chef in Dallas. The other one handles the front of the house. There's been a noticeable upgrade in their quality and selection."

"Well, thanks for the tip. I'll have to check it out while I'm here." I noticed an involuntary flinch of disappointment cross her face. I quickly corrected myself and squeezed her hand. "Hey, why don't we check it out together?"

Her face brightened. Did I just ask her out on a date? Did I mean to do that? Well, breakfast is no biggie, right? I asked if we could go the next morning.

"No, it's way too busy there on the weekends. We can do it next week. How about Tuesday? Can you pick me up around 7:45? By the time we arrive the ranchers and farmers should be clearing out, but we might miss out on the homemade biscuits.

"I'm staying at my mother's old house. Do you remember where that is? I know it's been awhile since you chauffeured us to our dance classes. Erin can tell you if you don't."

It was time to go, so I offered to walk her to her car. It was her mother's ancient but well-preserved Ford Crown Victoria in a predictably bland color. I took both her hands in mine, unsure of what level of parting affection was appropriate after our slow dancing.

"Laurie, I'll see you Tuesday morning."

I pulled her in for a hug, but she landed an awkward kiss on my cheek that was supposed to be on the lips. She blushed as red as the flowers on her dress and almost seemed ready to cry. I quickly tried to diffuse her embarrassment, caressing her face and apologizing.

"Laurie, that was my fault. I missed my cue. We need a do-over." I kissed her gently on the mouth. "Better?"

She nodded and smiled. A smile with a glimmer of guilt, like a child asking for another cookie.

"Then I get a do-over, too."

Her kiss was lightly sensual. No tongue, but there probably would be the next time. Why was I thinking about a next time? That was just a friendly good-night kiss, wasn't it?

She opened the car door and gave me a final hug.

"That's the most fun I've had in a long time. Thanks for the dance lessons. You have a lot of patience."

I watched her massive vehicle crunch across the gravel parking lot, wondering where this was all headed. My first date ever with one of Erin's friends. Why did I suddenly feel like a teenager again?


Just a Breakfast Date?

The drive over to Laurie's place allowed me some time to think. Was this a real date or merely a couple of folks that have known each other a long time being friendly to each other? When I pulled up to her old house I noticed multiple signs of neglect.

As I stepped inside, Laurie's "hello" kiss felt natural and unforced. I could see numerous pink spots where mosquitos had feasted on her exposed skin, but none of that floored me as much as what she was wearing. Laurie's outfit seemed uncharacteristically fashionable: white linen culottes, a soft blue linen blouse with the sleeves rolled up, and cute wedge sandals. I could see the faint outline of her bra. The shirt's Henley collar exposed her elegant neck to great effect since her hair was pinned up tightly—as usual.

Honestly, I would have been less surprised if she had opened the door dressed like Catwoman. When I touched her shoulder and complimented her on her clothes, I detected a twitch of triumph. I also detected the tell-tale scent of sizing, indicating the clothes were brand-new; but anyone who knew Laurie would have already assumed as much when they saw her dressed like that.

She ushered me through the house toward the back where her car was parked.

"Sorry the place is messy."

I'll say. Boxes and trash everywhere, vacuum cleaner in the middle of the living room, family photos covering the dining room table—just for starters. Her late mother's place was in the sad condition of a typical estate house, just like my parents' was when they passed. Nothing had changed for decades. Ancient appliances and worn vinyl flooring in the kitchen. The carpets and drapes needed cleaning. Knickknacks cluttered every flat surface. The furniture probably hadn't been moved since the day it was brought in.

Laurie pressed the button to raise the garage door. "I'll drive. You may not want to be the captain of an old granny car like the Crown Vic."

* * *

The parking lot of the Whispering Pines Café was mostly filled with pickups. A booth opened up shortly after we arrived. Once Laurie had found what she wanted on the menu, she set it down and looked at me.

"Do you know why I'm back in town?"

"To settle your mother's estate. Aren't you the executor?"

"That's true, but it's a convenient cover story for what the real reason is. Something that would have brought me back here even if my mother was still alive." She took a breath before continuing. "I'm reeling from the devastation of having my engagement broken off. I'd rather get it all out right now so you don't have to tiptoe around it or whisper behind my back."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

"Part of me doesn't, but you're a fresh listener. I'd been dating this guy for seven years. He asked me to marry him two years ago. We never set a firm date, just kept pushing it out. Then he drops a bombshell on me. He'd accepted a promotion which involved a move to Denver, but didn't include me in the plans. I was devastated. I thought he was the one, we'd grow old together—all that stuff."

"Do you have any idea why?"

"I wish I had some hussy to blame it on. It's worse not having a specific reason. I'm really not ready to start dating again at 44. I dread the thought."

"Did you want kids?"

"Yes and no. Every woman feels the urge, but it's too late now. There were some other potential daddies when I was younger, but perfect is the enemy of the good, or so they say."

"I'd think your prospects would be better a lot better in D.C. than here."

Laurie disagreed, describing the shitty selection of men. "At least half the town is people I find politically despicable. The men are self-important narcissists, married, or gay—not that those categories are mutually exclusive."

She gave me a rundown of her work with a non-profit environmental organization, drafting position papers and grant requests.

"I asked them for a two-month leave to settle the estate. I could stay longer if necessary, plus I could keep up with my work from here part-time."

Laurie put her head in her hands. Her voice started to choke up.

"I'm paralyzed with inertia dealing with the huge mess at the house. I'm an only child and don't have any help. I had to hire a probate attorney to handle the minimum legal filings, but her billing rate is astronomical. I can't imagine why my mother thought I could handle being the executor. I don't know what to sell or keep ..."

She seemed ready to have a meltdown. I reached over and touched her hand.

"Laurie, let Erin and me help you. We had to do all that stuff four years ago when my father died. Not having children makes it simple, actually. You won't have heirs to give things to. Everything is going to end up in the landfill when you die. Keep a small set of your mother and father's personal things that are meaningful to you and get rid of the rest: throw out, donate, or sell. We can give you some names of people who do appraisals and estate sales.

"And I can look over your financials and tax records. I have an accounting background, but you'll ultimately need a local C.P.A. to do the serious work and the tax filings."

Laurie listened appreciatively. "This means so much to me, your offering to help. I hate to say this, but I'm a little disappointed in Erin. She knew why I was in town but hasn't reached out to help."

Laurie wiped a tear from her cheek and reached over to take my hand in hers. The moment didn't last long.

"Watch out! These plates are hot," warned our server as she slammed down our food—including some homemade biscuits.

We took a break from the unpleasant topics and focused on our meals. Laurie was right, the new chef had done an excellent job in upgrading the menu without disappointing their faithful customers. I even sensed there was a burgeoning hipster patronage in the mix of customers. As we settled into our after-meal coffees, I felt I should share some things about my recent relationship history.

"You understand, of course, that you're only going to get my side of the story. Like you, I don't know why she broke it off. That's why I wanted to get away from my usual surroundings and have some time to think about it. Maybe I've got one or more flaws that should be addressed before I ruin an otherwise promising prospect during the early months of dating."

"Can't Erin give you an honest sit-down if there are things that need to be fixed? She would know you best."

"She's too preoccupied with problems at her business to listen to my whining. Besides, I've been away for years. She hasn't kept up with the blow by blow of my romantic relationships. Hell, you'd be just as helpful as she would."

"I'd be happy to listen to what you have to say. To give you an independent female perspective. It's the least I can do to return the favor of your assisting me with the estate."

Honestly, I was half joking when I threw that out there, but Laurie seemed sincere about helping with my relationship problems. Maybe I could do the same for her. Try to find out why she's been unlucky in love.

Our talk abruptly shifted to more pedestrian matters as a fiery wall of humidity greeted us when we stepped outside.

"Holy shit, this heat! And it's not even 9:00 yet," I moaned. "Maybe we should go swimming while we're here."

Our best option was the large outdoor pool at Willow Creek Park. It had been there at least since my parents were children. The park was free, but you had to pay to use the pool. It looked like any other developed swimming area with all the usual amenities like lockers, snack bar, and lifeguards. However, the pool was fed by insanely cold spring water. Even on the hottest days it's a real jolt to your senses when you first dive in.

"I haven't been there in years," Laurie said, "but I'm sure it's still open. I've seen some items about it in the local paper since I've been back. I'll need to meet with those estate sale people tomorrow, so we can go Thursday."

* * *

When I got home Erin teased me mercilessly about having a third date so quickly with Laurie.

"No, it's only two," I countered, "And both during daylight hours. Merely crossing paths with her at the concert doesn't count."

Erin wanted to firm up my birthday plans. I told her there was no good live music on that night without driving to Dallas, which I didn't want to do.

"How about this: there's a pop-up outdoor movie theater in front of City Hall every Sunday evening during the summer. They erect a portable screen, and the crowd brings lawn chairs. There's also a good mix of various food trucks. I suppose you're bringing Laurie? Seems like this is getting serious. This would be the third official date in what ... a week?"

"Erin, it's just two lonely people trying to regain their footing emotionally and socially after a tough breakup."

"Please use protection. Don't get her pregnant. She might want to keep the baby. It's her last chance."

"I ... I don't think we're headed in that direction." Heck, I couldn't even conjure up a decent mental image of my giving Laurie a good seeing-to as she's down on all-fours. Sure, we'd had a little fun together and shared some of our respective woes, but Laurie still seemed like a person who was a little too uptight and prim to be appearing in my sexual fantasies. However, there was the matter of those new clothes she had on that morning ...

"Here's what I'd like to do. Eat dinner at Post Oak Barbecue and play mini golf at FunLand. Ed's going to be back by then, right?

"Yes, he's returning late the night before. Looks, like we're doing a double date then."

FunLand was an old, family-owned amusement park. They had endured some lean years, closed for a while, but reopened just in time to enjoy the backlash against the tightly controlled experience at corporate theme parks like Six Flags. Retro was in, and FunLand had that in spades. It was carny and edgy, like they all used to be before Disneyland ruined it.


Goin' Swimmin':

When I picked up Laurie at her house for the swimming date, she greeted me wearing a simple turquoise tank dress for a cover-up. She also sported a floppy straw hat, oversized sunglasses, and whimsical Kate Spade slides with miniature fruit appliques. The only reason I recognized her sandals was because Erin has a similar pair. Laurie looked unusually chic again. Her hair was tightly pinned up, of course; but I wondered if she would actually get in the water, maybe even loosen her hair—which I'd never seen her do.

After paying the admission to the pool, we sought out a shady area to lay out our towels. I had brought a picnic jug filled with iced sangria wine for later since the park didn't allow alcohol, but I wanted to wait until after our swim before we started drinking.

Laurie lifted the turquoise dress, revealing a very eye-catching skirted one-piece bathing suit with a surplice front, shirred midriff, and thin shoulder straps. It's shimmery, steely gray fabric added an extra touch of class. It fit her like a glove, new curves and all.

"Wow, Laurie, that's an amazing bathing suit. Very retro glamour. You look great in it. Ooops ... there's still a tag on it. Let me get my knife and cut it off."

I had to slip my fingers up under the edge of her swimsuit to make sure I didn't cut the fabric. I don't know how much the suit cost, but it didn't look like it came from Wal-Mart. Again I was putting my fingers in places they had never been before on Laurie Quinn's body.

"Did you drive all the way to Dallas to get this?"

She didn't answer my question but claimed she no longer fit in her old suit.

"Didn't fit? You look like you're the same weight as you've always been."

"I am mostly, but the old one didn't fit in the bust anymore. I looked like some Hooters waitress spilling over the top."

I carefully snipped the thin plastic strand holding the tag while contemplating the absurd image of schoolmarm Laurie Quinn posing in a Hooters crop-top with a pitcher of beer in each hand and a come-hither smile on her face—and her hair pinned up.

"I'll bet your sister thought I had gotten breast augmentation surgery. I saw her staring at my chest at the grocery store, like some guy."

"She did mention that she hadn't seen you in a while."

"My doctor says it's normal to experience unexpected breast growth for a woman approaching ..."

The word "menopause" was stuck in her throat.

"Approaching the end of her fertile years?" I offered.

"That's a good way to put it." Laurie ran her hands over her breasts. "I would have liked them firmer, but I guess I'm lucky to get bigger up top. And my rear, which needed some filling out, too. I've been waiting thirty years for this to happen. They won't be much use to me now."

"I wouldn't be so sure about that. You're going back into the dating pool eventually, right?"

A sad look crossed her face when she contemplated the unpleasant thought of throwing herself into the madness of post-40 courtship. I tried to cheer her up.

"At least you didn't have to wear a bra all those years."

"Not so, I've got some serious 'headlights'."

"You mean you can't walk down the frozen food aisle in the grocery?"

"Yeah, huge 'pokies.' Like I dropped two big marbles in my sweater. I need to wear heavily padded bras to hide them. I was always worried about disappointing a man when he sees how little of me is inside the bra. Honestly, I hope they don't get any bigger. I've got a drawer full of new bras that I'm barely fitting into as it is."

"This may not sound very feminist, but I'm actually enjoying having fuller breasts. I was so flat before. Now I can at least fill out clothes properly."

Roger that. Her bathing suit was a prime example, although I wouldn't mind seeing her in the old one, too.

"I like my body the way it is now, but I'm still terrified thinking about stripping down in front of a new man. It's always been lights off for me."

I couldn't resist responding to her comment. Boy, did she leave herself wide-open.

"Sounds like you need to find a nude beach somewhere. That might cure you of that hang-up. Seems like you're confident enough in your appearance now to experience a 'clothing optional' setting."

"Nice try, Joe, but there's no way I'm going to flash you and a bunch of other people just to convince myself I feel better about my body now."

That sounded like a "no," but she had an odd look on her face after she said it. Like she might actually be thinking about it.

We started applying sunscreen. She offered to get my back, and I reciprocated; but it was about as sexy as putting a bandage on Erin's skinned knee when she was little. An unexpected silence overtook both of us. Laurie finally spoke up.

"Joe, I've known you for years, and I know your sister very well, but I hardly 'know' you at all. Only what I've heard from Erin. This creates an interesting dynamic. I'm curious to see what we talk about today. We've got plenty of time."

I figured I might as well get started and shake things up right away. I knew there was a nude sunbathing spot in Willow Creek Park. It was upstream and outside of the official pool area, high atop an outcropping that overlooked the pool and the surrounding area. It was called Falcon Rock, and it was notoriously difficult to climb up there. During my youth I spent many a day at Falcon Rock, enjoying the naked bodies of free-spirited women.

"Speaking of nude sunbathing, do they still do that up on Falcon Rock?" I asked Laurie innocently.

Report Story
byKenNicottii© 19 comments/ 48849 views/ 37 favorites

"I wouldn't know. I've never been so inclined. I have enough problems with sunburn. I don't need to expose more skin."

"Oh, c'mon, Laurie. You must have tried it in your wild, younger days."

"I didn't have any wild, younger days." Her flat voice revealed that she might have wanted to but didn't know how.

"There's a waterfall up there, too. Really nice."

"Yeah, I've always wanted to see it but wasn't willing to go nude for it."

"At the bottom of the waterfall, there's a natural flume over these mossy rocks. You can ride down it like a water slide and splash into the lagoon below."

"That sounds dangerous for the guys."

"How do you mean?" I couldn't resist teasing her.

"Don't make me say it."

"If they're hanging low, down below? Well, I wouldn't risk it these days. You do a lot of crazy things when you're young."

Our conversation grew serious again. Laurie lamented her upbringing in a female-only household.

"I'm an only child. I never had a brother, and my dad died before I turned ten. I had no male close enough to confide in about sex or get an honest perspective from the other side."

"I wouldn't glamorize having an opposite-gender sibling growing up. Erin and I rarely talk about anything related to sex."

"Really? Both Terri and Fran have brothers, and they've been able to have frank discussions with them about men things."

"Well, they're a lot closer in age. Erin and I are six years apart. I still get woozy when I think about Erin having sex, even with her husband."

Laurie let out a girlish giggle. "Hee-hee! You're funny. I could tell you stories."

"Please don't."

That got her laughing even more. "You know, Joe, it feels odd, but I'm enjoying being able to talk about boobs and sex with you and not worry that it's some new guy I have to worry about offending."

That gave me an idea. I thought back to her comment at the Whispering Pines Café, where she offered to give me some "sisterly" advice about dating and the opposite sex.

"Laurie, free to veto this idea if it offends you, but hear me out. You gave me an idea with what you just said. We could bare our souls to each other as an exercise in gender exchange. Act like we're surrogate siblings. We could ask those questions about how the opposite sex acts and thinks. The whole range of topics, nothing off limits."

I could sense the wheels spinning in her head. "How that would work. How do I know your intentions are pure?"

She thought about it for a minute.

"I would need you to open yourself up first. Reveal something super embarrassing, an encounter with a woman."

"Something sexual?"

"Absolutely. And make it good."

"Let me think of one. There're a lot to choose from." Yeah, and a lot that are way too embarrassing to tell. I finally came up with an anecdote that wasn't that unflattering.

"I was set up on a blind date by the girlfriend of a close buddy. I didn't fancy the gal once I saw her, but I tried to be polite during the date. After a tepid goodnight kiss, I turned to leave but heard her ask if I wanted to come inside. Her voice had a sad, pleading tone. I couldn't decide which would be more humiliating for her: my continuing to walk away or not calling after a one-night stand. The sex was awful, but I decided to stay overnight to avoid causing a fuck-and-run crisis.

"The next morning was excruciatingly awkward. She cooked breakfast and ruined it. We both sat there in silence trying to force down inedible food, cutting tiny bites, cutlery scraping on the plates the only noise in the room."

Even though it had been many years, retelling the story made me feel almost as uncomfortable as it did that morning.

Laurie looked at me with an air of disappointment. "That story doesn't count. It's not cringe-worthy enough, not enough sex."

"What? Do you just want to hear me talk dirty?"

"No, but I want to know why was the sex was bad? I worry that guys think that about me."

I wasn't expecting the conversation to take that turn. I had to think about my answer.

"I could see she was doing it for the wrong reasons. That came through strongly. And she seemed uncomfortable about her body."

"Small boobs?"

"Yes. Plus she was very awkward while we were screwing. She turned out all the lights, not even a candle. She said she was on the pill, but she had the demeanor of a woman who was scared shitless about getting pregnant with every stroke of my dick. I had her get on top, but she seemed very self-conscious in that position. She held back her reactions. And when she didn't, they seemed forced and unnatural."

"Sounds like you're talking about me," Laurie said candidly.

An uncomfortable silence followed before Laurie insisted that I come up with a better story.

"OK, this one should do it. I was dating this gal who was a virgin, and I had only been with a few women at that point. I didn't want to be the first since I wasn't that into her, but I was OK with kissing and petting."

"Meaning ...?"

"Meaning mutual manual stimulation outside the clothing, including below the waist, without release. That night I convinced her we should go a step further and get each other off with our hands. It would help tamp down our youthful libidos and keep us from crossing the line. I said taking her jeans and panties off would be a good start.

"I got ready to finger her, but decided to go down on her instead. She got really tense and nervous and made a funny noise. I thought that once I started in on her, she would be a quick convert. But after the first lick, she pushed me away, jumped up, and ran to the bathroom." I stopped there to see if I could get away with telling part of what happened. Laurie was having none of that.

"There's more to this story, I'm sure."

"Yes ... she got sick. It was a real mess later when I had to clean it up. She was in there for an hour, sobbing, wouldn't come out or talk. I finally offered her a solution since her jeans and shoes were still in the living room and she'd locked the bathroom door. I called a cab for her then went outside so she could get dressed. I met the driver and sent him up to get her. I promised to stay out of sight."

"And ...?"

"It was the last I ever heard from her. I guess I 'skipped a chapter' by going straight to oral. Was that my problem?"

Laurie was chuckling. "No, you should never 'skip a chapter.' Follow the time-tested sequence: touch it before you lick it. Was her Aunt Flo visiting? From Reading? Maybe that was her issue."

I was slow in deciphering the euphemisms: was she on her period? Laurie allowed that my second story qualified.

"What about your first time receiving oral?" I asked her.

Laurie got flustered and said that wasn't the story she was going to tell.

"Mine is actually better. My first oral was bland, all smoke and no fire."

"You didn't come?"

She shook her head. Wow, how do you eat out a woman and not make her come? That must have been one inexperienced dude going down on her.

"Alright, here's my story. I was having sex with this guy in college. He was the first person I'd been with, so when he kept falling out, I thought that was just part of what happens during intercourse. I realized some years later that he was below average in length. Anyway, he was going at it with great vigor—"

"What position?"

"Missionary. So he was screaming he was about to blow, and I was responding well, also."

"How so?"

"My juices were flowing down into my butt crack," she answered, with a look that dared me to say it was too much information. "I was very close myself, hoping he could keep it hard long enough afterward to make me come, when he fell out—but he stuffed it back in the wrong hole and immediately finished in my back door."

"Wow! What did he say? Or what did you say?"

"I was rendered speechless, too startled to feel any pain. The guy tried to pretend nothing had happened. He quickly pulled out and rolled over. I had his mess leaking out in the back and it made me ... it made me have to go sit on the can."

"You had to go poo?" She gave me an embarrassed nod.

"When I ran to the bathroom, the last thing on my mind was being so close to an orgasm but not getting one. But once I finished what I went in there for ... I don't know what came over me, but I had to finger myself on the toilet until I came. I couldn't go back and do it in front of him."

"That's a good story, Laurie." I wasn't expecting something that raw and intimate. "Did he ever ask to try it again, back there?"

"No, he kept calling me, but we never went out again." Laurie started to say something more but pulled back. "Well, there was one thing that I ..."

"That you what?"

"Uh ... that's all. End of story."

"Oh, c'mon. You were about to say something else. What was it?"

Laurie clammed up and refused to tell anymore. So I decided to guess at what might have happened.

"Let's see ... you were grossed out but enjoyed the sensation a little bit?"

Laurie hid her face in her hands and tried to change the subject.

"There're a lot of nerve endings back there ..."

"OK, enough. I'm going in the water. Story's over."

Laurie ran toward the shallow end of the pool and gingerly eased down each step. She winced as the water covered an ever increasing portion of her skin. That's the most miserable way to get into really cold water. You should just jump in and get the shock over with quickly. Laurie paddled out into the middle of the pool but kept her hair dry.

I dove into the deep end and felt the knife-like cold pierce through every part of my body. Even though it was well into the nineties that day, it was still a jolt. When I surfaced, I saw Laurie swimming toward me.

"Joe, this water is freezing! Don't swim away. Let me come over there so you can warm me up."

She got about twenty feet away but stopped paddling. She appeared to be in distress.

"Joe, I need help. My leg is cramping."

I quickly glanced around. I was a lot closer to her than the nearby lifeguards.

"I'm coming right away. Hold on."

I did an aggressive breaststroke in her direction, keeping her in sight the whole time.

"I'm going around behind you so I can get ahold of you."

"Hurry, please, I'm so cold. My leg really hurts. It's hard to keep my head above the water."

A few seconds later I had reached her, keeping a safe distance in case she panicked and tried to grab me. I maneuvered up from behind her.

"I'm here. Let me put my arm across you so I can take you in."

Somehow my Red Cross junior lifeguard training from decades ago locked in, and I was able to put the correct hold on her and begin pulling her toward the shallow water.

"You're OK now, Laurie. I've got you. We're not that far. Just a little more."

Her shoulder was nestled in my armpit with my arm stretched across her chest—right between the two lumps that Erin had claimed were not there before. A healthy spurt of adrenaline helped me get her to safety. I guided her to the steps at the shallow end so she could rest for a moment before getting out.

"Help me get all the way up on the side. I need the warmth on my leg to ease the cramp. Damn, that was scary. But you knew what to do, didn't you? Now I remember your having that Red Cross lifeguard patch on your swimsuit when I was a little girl. Didn't think you'd be saving me when I was in my forties."

Laurie glanced down at her chest. "My god, this suit hardly has any padding in the bust! Look at the way ... actually, don't look. My 'headlights' are definitely on high beam. Let me soak up the sun for a few minutes so I won't be mortified walking around like this."

"Maybe you should look around you. You're certainly not the only woman in the pool affected by the water temperature. Just embrace it. It's natural. Every guy here knows you have two nipples under that bathing suit. There're plenty of 'headlights' for them to gawk at. You're just one of many. C'mon, let's get back to our spot."

The first thing Laurie did was wrap herself in her big beach towel. She was still shivering.

"I'm thirsty. What's in that jug you brought?"

"A type of grape punch with some extra fruit. Let me pour you a cup."

She took a big swig.

"You scamp! There's wine in here."

"Shhh, keep your voice down. Or we'll have to share it with everybody."

Laurie scolded me with a playful slap on my butt. Before long, I was pouring out a second round for us both. Our conversation bounced around an impressive range of topics, mostly sexual. Soon we were ready for another refill.

"Maybe you're right, Joe. Maybe going up to Falcon Rock would help me tamp down my anxiety about undressing in front of a new man."

"Good idea, Laurie. It'll help you get over your body image issues. You'll see how indifferent everyone is to the things you obsess about."

"I don't know, though. That would be an awfully big leap for me to take. Public nudity."

"Afraid to bare yourself in front of strangers?"

"No, the opposite. I'm worried I'll see someone I know. Anyway I hear it's very difficult to climb up there."

"I can show you where the secret path is up to the top. It's a bit out of the way, but it's not as steep and treacherous as the main path."

"You really think I'd go up there by myself? Hah, that's a good one."

"You want me to go with you? I thought you didn't want to be seen by someone you know. Wouldn't you be embarrassed to see the 'longsword' of a guy you've been talking to all afternoon?''

She pointed to the front of my swim trunks and smiled. "After that cold water, I might not be able to see anything at all."

I was shocked. It was very uncharacteristic of Laurie Quinn to make a dick joke. Must be the sangria going to her head.

"Keep in mind, Laurie, if you go up but chicken out, you'll have to come right back down. It's bad form to keep your clothes on when you're on Falcon Rock. And I'm not sure you have the right footwear. Clambering up the rocks is tricky. That's what keeps the crowds of leering old fat guys away."

"I'll do it barefoot if I have to," she said bravely.

Back in the day you could find people drinking and smoking weed up there. Taking your clothes off was just part of the lifestyle. Everyone was very strict about bringing their trash back down and not causing problems. I wouldn't be surprised to find out not much has changed along those lines.

"Here's how I'm going to do it," she announced. "Take me up close to the top then you can wait for me up there."

"What? I'm supposed to sit in the woods until you've had your exhibitionist thrills? I don't think so. You can find your way back by tagging along with some of the other folks when they come down."

"Alright, I need to go to the ladies' room. Then we can head over to where the secret path starts."


The Flume at Falcon Rock:

It was about a half-mile to the trailhead—which wasn't that much of a secret anymore, based on the number of people we saw coming in and out. Laurie took off her expensive sandals before we started up the narrow trail. We had to maneuver around other folks who were on the way down as well as being careful to avoid the poison ivy along the path. She noticed most of the people on the trail were young enough to be our children.

"Are we going to be the oldest people up there?"

"No, there's always a bunch of leathery hippies with permanent all-over tans. It's probably the same ones from the last time I was up there."

"Just men?"

"No there are some female counterparts. With their titties riding low."

Laurie was beginning to struggle as the path got steeper. Her going barefoot and using one hand to hold onto her sandals wasn't helping.

"Are you that desperate to see a naked woman?"

"No, I just want to see you naked," I joked.

She sputtered with embarrassment and ended up tripping and scraping her knee on the rocks.

"Ow! Shit! Look what you made me do. Oh, I'm bleeding. Damn it!"

"Laurie, let me see ... hold still ... OK, it's not that bad. You'll live. You can rinse this off in the lagoon when we get up there. The hem of your dress is above the scrape, so be careful and you won't get any blood on it."

As we neared the top Laurie started getting cold feet. I had to calm her down.

"Laurie, it's not going to be everyone stopping what they're doing and staring at you as soon as you take your bathing suit off."

"Maybe I'm too old for anyone to look at," she rationalized.

Just before we reached the end of the path, Laurie turned toward me.

"I just thought of something. I'll let you stay with me on one condition."

"What's that?"

"You have to ride down the flume."

"Are you trying to turn me into a eunuch?"

"You said you used to do it all the time back when. If you're too scared to do it, then you have to go back down. I'll meet you at the car in one hour."

"Speaking of scared, how will I know if you really got naked up here? You've been getting more reluctant the closer we get. What's to keep you from hiding in the bushes until the hour is up and pretending you've been sunbathing au naturel?"

"If you want to monitor me, you know what you have to do: nude flume ride. In fact, I'm going to insist that you do it before I take off my clothes. If you chicken out, I'll announce it to everyone else up here. Time to man up."

How dare she! I wasn't going to take any guff from Laurie Quinn. She's my little sister's age, for god's sake. "Sounds like you just want to see me naked. I'm calling your bluff. Let's go. Flume riding time."

We walked out onto the wide, flat rock together. A few heads glanced our way, mainly to see if we were someone they knew. We set down our towels, and Laurie nervously removed her cover-up dress.

"First things first, Joe. I'll hold your swimsuit for you while you ride down the flume."

I pulled my trunks down and handed them to her, wondering if she was bold enough to glance down at my exposed member.

"The flume's over this way. Follow me."

There were plenty of guys clambering up the rocks to ride the flume. Even a few women. Fortunately I remembered the trick: holding your package in one hand while you slide down. Of course when you only have one arm free it becomes very hard to maintain your balance as you go down—which is half the fun. When it was my turn, I waved to Laurie, who still hadn't taken her suit off.

On my first ride I got slammed around as the rushing water propelled me down the mossy rocks. Nothing serious, I just looked foolish. The final thrill was still as powerful as it was when I was younger: shooting out of the flume and splashing down in the lagoon about ten feet below. I pulled myself out and walked over to Laurie.

"That was fun. I'm riding it again. Oh, by the way, you're overdressed for Falcon Rock. Remember what I told you about gawkers who don't play by the rules up here. I better see you holding two swimsuits in your hand when I get out of the water."

Laurie gave me a defiant look and threw mine on the ground. Her indigo eyes glared at me, daring me to lower my gaze as she pulled the straps off her shoulders and pushed the swimsuit down past her knees. She kicked it aside next to mine and placed both hands on her hips.

"How's this?" she taunted.

"That's the spirit." I picked up both swimsuits and handed them back to her. "See you in a minute."

As I made my way up to the top of the flume, I tried to quickly forget what Laurie looked like naked. I liked what I saw, and nature was sending blood down below my waist so I could follow through on those urges.

Laurie was waiting for me after I splashed down a second time. I suggested she get in the water so she could wash off the wound on her knee.

"I've got a first aid kit in the car with disinfectant and bandages. You'll just have to wait until then. And we'd better put on some sunscreen, too. Our nasty bits are white as snow."

Laurie set some boundaries. "You can put sunscreen on my back, but that's it. I'll handle the newly exposed areas. After all, this isn't a massage parlor."

Twenty minutes later the shock value of the nudity was starting to wear off. Nonetheless, Laurie was checking everyone else out behind the privacy of her big sunglasses.

"I'm astonished at all the shaved pussies out here. Almost everyone. I feel like a gorilla down there. And I don't think I've ever seen this many peckers all at once."

"No one's looking. You're too old, remember. If you get any disapproving looks about your thatch, you can tell them you're kicking it old school."

"I'm not sure what that means, but I'll have that comeback ready if I need it."

We basked in the sun, enjoying the sheer novelty of hanging out with a bunch of naked people. Laurie asked me what Erin thought about us going swimming together.

"I seriously doubt if she's thinks we're up here on Falcon Rock. But she's been teasing me about having a third date with you. She counts the night at the river concert. Just to prove I don't care what she thinks, I'd like for you to be my date for my birthday celebration. It's Sunday night. We're going to Post Oak for barbecue, and we get to go to the front of the line since it's my birthday. After that, we're playing miniature golf at FunLand. There's been talk about doing the midway, too, but I haven't agreed to that yet. Erin's husband Ed is joining us. I hope you can go."

She smiled as she glanced over at me. "How can I say 'no' to a man who's flashing his tool at me? Sure, what time?"

I reminded Laurie we needed to stroll around the whole Falcon Rock area. After all, the main reason for her coming up there was so she could get used to being naked around strange men. Sure, I'd be checking out the lineup of bare breasts on display as we strolled the perimeter. I dare any straight guy to claim he wasn't up there doing the same.

"Lots of peckers to look at, like you said. Let's walk around and see if we know anyone else here."

That almost frightened her into going back down, but I convinced her the possibility was remote.

Afterward I said I wanted to make a couple more rides down the flume before we headed back. Laurie surprised me when she crawled to the top right behind me.

"I want to try it, too. Now that I have enough padding on my rump. It looks like fun."

I went first and waited down at the bottom for her to come shooting out the flume. Needless to say, that was one image I never would have expected to see in my lifetime: a nude Laurie Quinn, squealing and arms flailing, splashing down into the lagoon at Falcon Rock. She still had her hair pinned up, and somehow she managed to mostly keep it dry when she hit the water. Laurie was beaming with excitement.

"You take me to the most fun places, Joe. I want to go one more time."

So we did. As we waited our turn up top, Laurie weighed in on the Falcon Rock experience.

"I can't believe I'm standing around showing my bare boobs and muff to all these people."

"Liberating, isn't it?"

"That's not the word I would have used. More like 'insane,' 'scandalous,' 'lewd'."

"Oh, Laurie, get over it. You're trying to pretend like you're not loving it. Everyone should get pushed out of their comfort zone from time to time."

"It was the wine. It's your fault," she said playfully. "Getting me drunk and naked. You're a real bad influence on me. What would Erin think?"

"Erin? She'd think I'd made it all up. Laurie Quinn, naked on Falcon Rock? Sliding down the flume? C'mon, get real. As if."

We both found that hilarious. I added a third run before we gathered up our belongings and made our way back down the path. When we got to the car I got out my first aid kit. As I crouched down to take care of her scraped knee, she pulled her skirt up to mid-thigh, letting her legs fall open slightly. I glanced up.

"You said to keep the hem away from the blood," she explained.

Laurie stared at me with an innocent look. I knew she hadn't put her swimsuit back on, so she was naked under her turquoise dress. And she knew that I knew. Down boy.

As we were driving home Laurie suggested another entry to our social calendar.

"Joe, I'd like for you to come over to my place for a movie night Saturday, the night before your birthday. That'll get Erin buzzing. I promise to straighten up a little, at least in the den where the TV is."

I readily agreed. I told her I had my passwords to several streaming services, so she didn't have to go rent a DVD. I wasn't sure what might happen there, but maybe nothing—which was fine with me. Our little surrogate sibling project was working just fine without the possibility of sex complicating things. I reminded her to clean and bandage her knee each day so it wouldn't get infected.


Movie Night at Laurie's:

Saturday night—still officially in my forties. I wasn't sure what kind of home theater setup Laurie had at her place, so I brought my tablet and a connecting cable. Her appearance floored me when she opened the door.

Laurie's hair was not pinned up in her usual schoolmarm up-do. The first time I'd ever seen her like that since she was in middle school. Instead it was held by a hair bobble in a high ponytail that hung down to her shoulders. She was barefoot and wearing a dark blue short-sleeve linen shirt that matched her eyes and a pair of light tan linen shorts—the operative word being "short." Before I could recover my senses, she marched up and gave me a kiss on the mouth.

"Come on in. The TV is in the den. Follow me. I found some bottles of wine, too. Don't know if they're any good."

I wanted to offer a compliment for her clothes and tell her how sexy her new hairdo looked, but I was speechless. I gamely followed her back to the den, mesmerized by her ponytail swishing back and forth.

"I bought this TV for my mother a few years ago. It should have all the right hook-ups and whatnot. I'm getting Internet through the cable company, plus there's a Wi-Fi thingy."

I connected my tablet to her TV and asked if she wanted to watch something sappy or bittersweet. Laurie surprised me when she chose the latter. She also pointed to the bandage on her knee and assured me she had followed my first aid instructions carefully, although it still hurt a little.

We sat fairly close to each other on the sofa as Laurie poured two glasses of wine. Frankly I was unsure what I was supposed to be doing in the way of romancing her, if anything. Yes, we had bared everything in front of each other on Falcon Rock, but the presence of all the other nude bodies kept it from being an erotic situation. Even so, I had seen her boobs and pussy, and she saw my dick. Plus all that dirty talk about our failed relationships and sex.

We ended up being playful with each other while we watched the movie. Lots of friendly touching, light bantering, and our heads together when we talked. After it was over Laurie thanked me for selecting the movie.

"I really enjoyed it, Joe. Good selection. Bittersweet it was."

That was a good chance to segue into another deep relationship discussion. Still I felt a bit odd when I asked her a very personal question.

"Laurie, do you sometimes feel unsure around a man? Wondering what he sees in you? Not sure about when or if you should go to bed with him? Overthinking things?"

"Well, I ... I do ... yes. I'm afraid that's most of the time. How did you know?"

"It's something I picked up on since we've been hanging out. I thought we should have a talk about it."

I wondered if I was hitting too closely with my analysis. I tried to come from a positive direction.

"Laurie, you just need confidence in yourself and your ability to read the situation when you're with a man. My observation is very subjective of course, but I think you have a significant amount of sex appeal."

Yes, that she's always kept hidden under those frumpy clothes and prim hairdo, but it looks like something's inspired her to start making some changes.

"And I want to comment on your hair, the way you're wearing it. It looks good, and it projects assuredness. Also your clothes. They seem different from how you usually dress. And I have to say, you wear them well. They evoke the same confident persona that goes along with your more relaxed hairstyle."

"Thanks for saying that, Joe. You probably sense I'm not one to embrace change. It never comes easily to me. It's an unfamiliar feeling, sometimes confusing. I'm still the same me attached to the hair. And the same me under the clothes. Yet I do feel different, better about myself."

I thought it was time to start talking about sex again. "How do you decide when to sleep with a man?"

"I can't say ... it's impossible to put in words, you just know. And you? How do you know when to sleep with a woman?"

"Well, I've already decided before I ask her out on a date, obviously. Guys know in the first three seconds when they see a woman. The only time when there's hesitation is if you think she might be psycho. Problem is, those ones are insanely hot in bed. It's hard to resist playing with fire."

Laurie looked visibly dismayed. "So normal women don't stand a chance compared to the crazies? That's good to know," she said sarcastically. After an awkward pause, she began to confess.

"I'll admit, I'm not that confident about sex. I'm never sure if I'm being adventurous enough. My upbringing and doubts are holding me back."

"Do you perform oral sex on a man?"

"Sometimes."

"Do you like doing it?"

"Sometimes."

I had met a couple of her boyfriends in the past. They seemed like doofuses. I remembered thinking Laurie could do a lot better than those guys. It was hard to picture her down on her knees, orally servicing one of those jokers as he howled like a lonely puppy. That image always seemed comical, in a twisted way—which says something about me, I guess.

"Have you let a man come in your mouth?"

"A few times ... but I can't swallow."

"What do you do then?"

"I run to the bathroom and spit it out. And brush my teeth and gargle."

"Have you ever thought about how that makes the man feel? Seconds after the two of you have shared one of the most profoundly intimate sexual acts, you go sprinting off like he just dumped a load of poison in your mouth. Look, I know women say some guys have nasty tasting cum, but that's a whole other discussion ... for some other time.

"Here's a suggestion. The next time you have a man's load in your mouth, quickly spit it into a Kleenex—quietly, without a lot of gagging or other weird noises—and cuddle with him, play with his spent cock. Or even better, let it drool out onto your breasts and slowly rub it in while you stare up at him. That's very visual. It makes a guy think his load was so massive that his woman couldn't handle it all. She had to let some of it spill out."

Laurie seemed flabbergasted by my recommendations. "Whew, when you first suggested this, I wasn't sure what to expect or how graphic the talk would be. I guess this is what we both needed to find out."

"Do you masturbate?"

Laurie nodded her head.

"How often?"

"How often do you do it?" she asked defensively.

"When I'm not with someone, like now? About three or four times a week. It used to be twice a day or more when I was a teenager."

"I do it. That's all I'm saying."

"Have you given hand jobs?"

"Yeah, but guys have complained about my technique. I guess I don't keep stroking long enough. I pull my hand away when he starts to spew."

"So how does it make you feel when you bring a man to climax?"

"The actual jizz is kind of gross and messy, but I like the raw passion of watching him come, hearing him moan. Causing a man to lose control because of me, as a sexual being."

"Do you like being eaten out?"

"Of course," she replied, surprised that I would ask such a stupid question. "But it doesn't happen enough. And the few guys who've gone down on me weren't that good at it. I've never come that way. They didn't know how to read my cues about what's working—and what wasn't. I was afraid to correct them. I'm just glad that they're trying at all. Too many men seem to be grossed out by it. And some have flatly refused when I asked. Maybe they smelled their fingers after touching me down there and decided to back out. That doesn't exactly make me feel confident about my lady parts."

Geez, what a bunch of losers.

"I've never understood that attitude," I replied. "Particularly when guys expect to get oral from the woman. It should go both ways. Equally."

Laurie rolled her eyes and nodded in agreement. "Ya think?"

"I don't think it's gross. Not by a long shot. I love to do it. I don't mind doing it as long as it takes, an hour if necessary. I like to keep going and let the woman have as many orgasms as she can stand. That really turns me on."

"You must be popular with the ladies."

"I suppose. Once they get to know me on that level. But it's generally seen as creepy if you brag about it upfront—oops, like I just did."

Laurie laughed. "That's OK, I'm making no judgments over here."

"Do you come when you have intercourse ... with a man?

"I have."

"Do you touch yourself while having sex?"

"I touch my breasts."

"What about downstairs?"

"No, that's rude."

"Not really. It gets me hot when a woman frigs herself while we're fucking."

Laurie let that comment sink in. She was quiet for a few moments, then turned toward me. It turned out she wasn't done talking about cunnilingus.

"So what was your longest session? Going down on a woman."

"Oh, I remember it very clearly. It was at least thirty minutes, probably longer."

"Were you successful?"

"Sure, of course. She had warned me as we were taking our clothes off that she never has orgasms with a man, so I shouldn't be obsessed with trying to make it happen. I told her we wouldn't worry about it, just enjoy each other's bodies. But if she wanted to try for it later in the session, I'd be happy to work with her. Let her tell me what she needs. She said she'd be looking forward to it and suggested going down on her might work.

"Later when I got on my knees and spread open her thighs, I promised her I would do it as long as she wanted and not to worry if I was getting tired or impatient. I stuck with it until she came, which she seemed very happy about, but I strained the tendons in my neck. Toward the end she needed it real fast, with my stiff tongue. Rapid back and forth on her clit, left to right. It was kind of embarrassing telling my doctor about it."

"Well, I hope you're all healed now." The comment seemed to startle her as soon as she said it. Laurie clapped her hand over her mouth as her eyes widened. "God, did I just say that? Must be the wine talking."

Laurie shrugged her shoulders and smiled. "We really have let it all out, haven't we? On this sex talk?"

I decided it was time to get my face slapped. Just as she was taking another sip of wine, I posed a question.

"Have you thought about doing more than talking?"

"With you?" she sputtered, spilling some wine on her blouse. I nodded.

"What? Are you proposing to have a fling, a one-night stand?"

"I wouldn't use those words. They have a tawdry connotation, where one or both parties feel bad or guilty afterward. Often involving betrayal of a supposed loved one. Look, we both need to get back up on the proverbial horse after being thrown off. Think about all the times you've been to bed with a man and recall the things that made you embarrassed or uncomfortable. Or sexual techniques you worried about doing wrong or not well enough. Or ones you were afraid to ask for. This would be a low risk exchange for both of us. Find out what needs fixing without worrying about what a stranger will think.

"We each could say the embarrassing things and ask the uncomfortable questions now that usually take months or years, or never get said at all. We both could go back into the dating pool with confidence. We can make the mistakes and suffer the uneasiness—now, with each other—instead of it ruining a promising prospect in the early dating stages. Of course, it would have to be a mutual decision if it happened more than once."

Laurie was dabbing at the spilled wine while I made my pitch. She finally looked up.

"The good girl in me is trying to act offended, but ... it makes sense. Working this out with someone you know. We're both going back to separate coasts soon, so it's not like it's a marriage proposal."

Laurie contemplated this for a long time. She turned toward me and put her hand on my knee.

"What happens if one of us likes it too much?"

"Good question. I'll admit that's the only danger. But even if we both like it too much, I guess it would burn itself out naturally at some point."

Laurie was quiet as she took a few more sips of her wine and stared down at the contents of the glass, as if the right answer would be floating near the bottom.

"I hope you weren't expecting me to respond on the spot. Right now."

"Of course not. Take your time. I know that was a heavy proposal to spring on you."

Another long, uncomfortable silence followed. I figured as long as I was shocking the hell out of her with my sexual frankness, I may as well keep going.

"Have you ever looked at adult videos online?"

Laurie acted nervous and offended. "You mean porn?" She struggled with what to say next.

"My ex-fiancé did. He was really careless, leaving traces all over our home PC. I easily found the folders where he'd been saving naked girl pictures from the Internet. It really made me feel hurt and inadequate, thinking about him drooling over all those chesty women. Probably jerking off in the shower thinking about them instead of having sex with me."

"Laurie, I'm sorry to hear that. What should be happening is both of you looking at it together. Enjoying things that are a mutual turn-on."

"Joe, this might shock you ... but I will admit to having some curiosity about what all is out there to look at. But I'm afraid of viruses or leaving evidence on my computer. Or having the government know what I've been looking at."

"Worried that it'll go on your 'permanent record'?" We both snickered at that all-purpose hollow threat that parents of our generation used on their wayward children. I offered to get my tablet and show her a few things.

"Anytime you feel weird about this and want to shut it down, just say so." I disconnected the cable from the TV. It would be much too raw to view porn on the big screen. "I'll surf over the cellular connection on my tablet. There'll be absolutely no way to trace it back to you."

Laurie looked excited and nervous. "Am I going to be grossed out by what I see?"

"There's always that chance, but we can just scroll away from it or hit back on the browser."

I offered a theory that I hoped would put things in context.

"Sexual practices and turn-ons exist on a continuum like everything else. On one side you'll find people whom you think are perverts for the weird things they do in bed. And on the other side you'll find people you think are hung-up and prudish because they won't try the things that get you hot. But keep in mind the prudes think you're the pervert and the perverts think you're the prude. It's all relative.

"We need to find out where you fall on that continuum. You'll see some things that look icky or stupid or weird or twisted. But you'll also see things that turn you on, maybe things you hadn't thought about or things that you wanted to do but were scared to ask. We need to find your comfort level.

"Have you ever used toys?"

She seemed flustered at the question. "I could never walk into a sex shop and buy that kind of thing."

"You don't have to. You can order anything you want online. Even from the major drugstore chains. Lube, condoms, vibrators, dildos."

"I have a friend who has a massage wand. She swears by it. Hitachi, I think."

"That's a big seller, but it's corded. A lot of toys today are battery operated or rechargeable. They have different speeds and patterns. Cordless is the way to go. Waterproof, too. We can start by looking at some YouTube videos of women talking about them."

"They have videos of sex toys on YouTube?"

"Sure, but not showing them actually in use. That type of content is only on the adult sites, but the sex toy companies have posted slickly produced company promotional ads tailored to women. They're discrete enough to not violate YouTube's content policies. On the amateur side you can find people reviewing them. Mostly women talking about the pros and cons or how to use a particular toy."

"So you can watch videos like that on your tablet, and it can't be traced to me or this house?"

"Sure. I'll turn off my Wi-Fi now." I quickly pulled up some YouTube videos from a Swedish sex toy company showing a charismatic pitchwomen extolling the merits of their new products. We spent awhile viewing various vibrator videos. Laurie seemed surprised, intrigued, and a little turned on by them. It was time to leave YouTube for something more explicit. I sought out an erotic Tumblr that had a general appeal, purposely avoiding the ones with a specific fetish. Just routine naked man/woman sexual activities. I wasn't sure about Laurie's tolerance of girl/girl content though.

"We'll look at some mainstream sexual content now—but no gay or rough stuff. Although there may be a lesbian item here and there. Are you turned off by seeing two women together doing things?"

"How would I know? I've never seen any of that."

"Have you ever kissed a girl?" Laurie blushed instantly and shifted around in her seat. "Your expression says 'maybe'," I teased. "Perhaps you were just fooling around, at summer camp? Slumber party dare?"

Laurie seemed extremely discomforted by my playful line of questioning. I immediately dropped it when I realized it might have involved Erin.

"So-o-o, anyhoo ... where were we?"

I explained what a Tumblr was and how the ubiquitous GIF format lends itself well to depictions of sex.

"Screwing and hand jobs and oral have an inherent repetitive rhythm that can look very natural, even though the animation is only a few seconds.

"As we look through these, if you see something that gets you going, make a note of it. Then we can pull up another Tumblr that highlights that particular activity."

I turned the tablet so we both could see it, and off we went. It was mostly naked women by themselves or doing things with naked men. I started off slowly with still pictures before progressing to GIFs and videos.

"This is interesting," she said. "I'm not so intimidated by these other women now that I have a little something to fill out my bras."

We were about ten minutes in when Laurie pointed to a naked woman standing in her bathroom, looking in the mirror. It was a selfie taken by a blonde with huge natural boobs and a very narrow waist, even providing a "clothes on" version of the same pose.

"If you ever wanted to know what Terri Unger looks like naked ..."

Laurie got a guilty look on her face. I was surprised she would say something like that.

"I'm so bad. Pretend you didn't hear that."

Laurie made quite a few nervous comments here and there. She looked at a lot more content than I was expecting. I can't remember everything she said, but here's a good sampling of her observations:

"Is she speaking German? They seem to really be into it. Look at them, right there on the dining room table. Wow!

"I had no idea there were so many busty Asian women.

"Hah! That mask she's wearing wouldn't fool anybody. I'd still recognize any of my friends or co-workers if they were in this video.

"So this girl just sits in front of her computer and plays with her boobs? And guys pay to watch? Can anyone do this?

"You're telling me all of this is free? You never pay to look at any of it?"

I had almost forgotten her comment about Terry Unger when Laurie pointed to a slender, auburn haired woman with a nice pair of medium sized natural breasts, posing outdoors. A woman whose long hair was not pinned up in a severe bun.

"That gal looks a lot like me, doesn't she?"

"Actually its does, except for the hair-do. You know, Laurie, I don't think I've ever seen you with your hair down all the way. Do you keep it up day and night?"

"No, I let it down when I go to bed."

"Then that explains why I've never seen it like that."

She blushed the instant I said it. "I'm sorry, Laurie. That was a really crude comment."

"No," she countered, patting my leg. "You were merely stating a fact."

We kept going, a lot longer than I thought we would. The subdued enjoyment she displayed while viewing such a vast abundance of erotica seemed to have taken her—actually both of us—to weird, unexpected places. I wasn't sure where we'd end up. I didn't want to intervene or break the spell so I let her choose what to click on and how long to watch.

Then things took an interesting turn. Laurie selected what turned out to be a short video. It looked like someone had edited down a full scene to a series of about a dozen quick cuts and converted them to very short GIFs. I think it would be worth describing what she saw in detail. You'll see why later.

A young, attractive brunette is constrained in black leather bondage cuffs, attached to a wide spreader bar hanging from the ceiling of an elegantly furnished room. The woman's arms are pulled upward as she dangles from the bar, her feet barely touching the floor. She's wearing only a black satin sash as a blindfold plus a pair of sexy black panties. A handsome, confident male admirer in a dark suit, white shirt, and necktie is lewdly running his hands over her breasts and neck. He pulls her body close to his with one hand while forcing his other hand roughly between her legs as he aggressively sucks and bites her nipples.

The expression on her blindfolded face teeters between panic and lust. He moves slightly to her side, cupping her buttocks with one hand as the fingertips of his other drift up and down her front, from throat to mound, pressing in softly against her labia before moving back up. The man moves behind her. Her panties are gone now, and her head is tilted back in ecstasy. His hand alternately slaps her pussy and fingers it gently. His other hand lingers ominously at her throat as she struggles. The video cuts to a close-up of his fingers flicking across her clit, occasionally dipping in. Another cut to a close-up of their faces. Despite his expensive attire, the man has the unshaven, dangerous look of a Eurotrash playboy who's recently come into a lot of money. A man who can easily find women who'll let him do these things to them.

I glanced sideways at Laurie, trying to be as unobtrusive as I could. Her gaze was transfixed on the bondage scenario playing out a few inches from us on my tablet. Is this a kink that Laurie has been repressing her entire life? What else am I going to find out about her sexual proclivities? Back to the video ...

Now the black satin sash has been repositioned across her mouth as a gag. She alternately looks into his eyes and then down at his fingers teasing her pussy. We get another close-up, but this time his fingers are rapidly pistoning in and out of her quim. The next cut is a shocker: the man now has the gag pulled down so he can jam his wet fingers into her mouth, forcing the woman to taste her own cum. She looks exhausted; no telling how many times she came. The final gesture is his loving kisses on her mouth as he pulls her close and lets his other hand do gentle caresses on her body: from her throat, across her breasts, near her mound, and finally cupping her ass cheek, barely constraining his urge to be rougher.

The video, about thirty seconds long, was on an automatic loop, restarting from the beginning. Laurie watched several times, eyes fixed in fascination at the scenes as they played out repeatedly. Her soft, barely audible breathing had become more pronounced. She finally looked over.

"I'm not sure I'd want to be hung from the ceiling like that, but ... wow!" She shifted around nervously on the sofa and reached over to refill our wine glasses. "OK, I'm ready for more. Can you show me a guy jacking off?"

Interesting request. I found a video that showed a man edging himself in close-up, copious precum drooling from the tip of his substantial cock. Eventually he ejaculates hands-off, followed by a slow motion replay.

"Whoah! How does he come without stroking himself? Fascinating. And the slo-mo does add a nice touch."

I showed her some similar ones that featured a woman making a guy come without stroking him.

"Now that's impressive. Just licking under his knob until he blows."

I explained to her how the woman was stimulating the sensitive frenulum underneath the end of a man's penis and there was probably lots of traditional sucking and stroking leading up to the finale but not shown in the video. A compilation video of tit cum shots was up next.

"Oooh, she jerked his load all over her boobs! That's kind of sexy, actually. Wow, two guys, each one creaming on one of her titties at the same time. I never realized this was a 'thing'."

Laurie was excited to see some cunnilingus videos. "Finally, equal time for women. Eek, she's really hairy. Now I don't feel so bad."

She wondered if they had people our age. I explained what a MILF was and how the woman is often portrayed as the young man's teacher, neighbor, or the mother of a friend.

"Then there's plenty of content showing the reverse situation: older men with very young women. A schoolgirl uniform with a plaid skirt is a common costume, particularly the ones with Asian models. You don't see that many where it's mature couples together."

"Eeew! Why does she have her finger up his ass?" I had to explain to her what a man's prostate gland is. Laurie was shocked. "You've had that done to you? By a woman? And you liked it? Isn't that kind of ... sissy?"

Time to change the subject. When a scene showing a massive cock appeared, Laurie offered a comment.

"Yike! That guy's tool is scary!"

Yes, it was. Thick as a tree. But after all, a baby has to come out the same hole it was plowing into, right? But Laurie wasn't concerned about girth.

"I'm talking about length. Hitting the cervix hurts, at least it does for me." She stared at the scene until its messy conclusion. "I must say, the high def really brings it all home, doesn't it?"

Eventually Laurie wanted to see more bondage content. I tried to avoid the rougher stuff, where the action takes place down in a dungeon; but she selected a few anyway.

"Are these women being paid to do this or do they actually like it? Or both ... or neither?"

What seemed to fascinate her, however, were the numerous "prone bone" scenarios where the woman is face down and the man enters from the rear—either hole. The ones she picked out usually involved the woman's hands being tied behind her back. That type of sex is rarely gentle, to say the least.

She also watched ones where the woman is tied to the bed on her back. Laurie commented on the various restraints: scarves, handcuffs, ropes, spreader bars—plus nipple clamps and other devices. She also weighed in on the prevalence of anal sex in the scenes.

"I still don't get it. Why would a guy want to go in the back way if he's got a perfectly good opening in front?"

She had me pull up various Tumblrs showing submissive female sex. I wasn't sure where she was going with this, but I let her choose her own path. I finally had to say something.

"Laurie, this is more advanced sex play. But if you ever decide you want to experiment with some of these activities, I could restrain you like that."

"Then what?"

"Then ... nothing. It's for you to get used to that feeling, of helplessness. Finding out if you could trust someone to restrain you like that for real. Then I untie you."

She thought about it for a minute. "That seems kind of pointless unless there's some follow through." Laurie turned her head to look at me. "Don't you think?"

I was speechless. Was she serious? She shrugged her shoulders and took another sip of wine.

"Just sayin' ..."

She was playing with me, right? I could see a little smirk at the corner of her mouth. Or was some other desire hiding behind her deadpan humor. She handed the tablet back to me.

"I'm the most turned on I've been in years. I can barely get the nerve to say this out loud, but I need a release."

Well, of course. Who wouldn't after looking at porn for over an hour?

"I understand. I can head out so you can take care of that. I'll leave the tablet in case you want to do some research on your own, in private."

Laurie looked like she was burning up with shame. She touched my arm to keep me from standing up. Her dark blue eyes were penetrating. She hesitated.

"I'm scared to say what I want."

"Just blurt it out. Not much left between us to be embarrassed about."

I was wrong.

"I want ... I want you to stay and ... and hold the tablet while I do myself."

I was shocked into silence.

"You've already seen me nude, so it wouldn't be that big a step to take. Actually you won't be able to see much skin. I'll just loosen things a little bit and reach in.

I was frozen with astonishment.

"Let's do it before we talk ourselves out of it."

Laurie turned around and lifted her blouse in the back.

"Here, undo me."

My hands were trembling like a teenage boy unhooking his first brassiere.

Laurie sat back and unbuttoned her blouse partway at the bottom and unzipped her shorts. I couldn't read the expression on her face. Some odd mixture of bravado and fright.

"Move over here and sit on the edge of the coffee table. Hold the tablet in front of you where I can see it."

She put her bare feet up on my knees.

"Go back to that one where she's hanging from the ceiling."

While I was searching for the video, she made an observation.

"If you told me a week ago I'd be sitting on my mother's couch, fingers up my twat, in front of Erin's big brother while he shows me dirty sex videos on the Internet, I would have collapsed in—"

"Laughter?"

"No, more like horror."

I pulled up the video with the well-dressed tormentor and the spreader bar. Laurie leaned back, slipping one hand under her blouse and one in her shorts. A few seconds later her hands began to move beneath her clothes, and a soft moan escaped her lips.

I couldn't believe the scene playing out in front of me. The lights were still down low from watching the movie. Her eyes were half shut as she watched the video over and over. Laurie's breathing became more erratic and her body shifted around on the sofa. I watched how her hands were moving. I couldn't see that much with them inside her clothing, but I could get a sense of the speed and rhythm, stopping and starting, how she liked to pleasure herself.

Laurie's eyes were glued to the screen as her squirming became more pronounced. An unpredictable cadence of gasps and grunts filled the room. Soon a desperate, muffled squeal indicated she was nearing the end. Her body froze in an awkward position, eyes closed, one hand moving rapidly in her shorts, the other grabbing at her breasts. An anguished groan filled the room as her toes curled up. She gulped and fought to take another breath, finally collapsing on her side. We both sat there for a long time before either of us said anything. Her eyes still hadn't opened.

"I can't believe I just did that. Frigging myself in front of you. What are you turning me into?"

Laurie finally sat up and looked at me. We stared at each other until she had a request.

"I'm not done yet. Show me something where a girl jerks a guy to completion."

Was this actually Laurie Quinn sitting there in front of me? What was I turning her into? I found a hand job compilation video, and she started back in on herself. Barely five minutes later Laurie climaxed again. She seemed a little less inhibited doing it in front of me a second time.

"OK, Joe. Just one more. Dealer's choice. Surprise me."

I quickly tried to find a "couples" video that emphasized the eroticism more than the raw sex. The search produced a good sampling of videos featuring tasteful photography and attractive performers getting it on in sparsely furnished daytime bedrooms with billowing white curtains. I found one that was labeled mature, although the actors were probably younger than we were. The Eastern European woman had nice natural breasts, which is hard to find in that age group. Laurie slowed things down to match the languor of the on-screen couple having morning wake-up sex. She had another orgasm and slumped back on the sofa, exhausted.

I wondered if I should be adopting a dominant role with Laurie. I set down tablet and leaned in toward her.

"Stick your fingers in my mouth."

She remained motionless, shocked by my request. I waited a moment for her to comply, then I moved nearer and took her hand slowly out of her shorts, raised her fingers to my mouth, and started sucking on them. Laurie seemed stunned by my eagerness to taste her cum. Almost involuntarily her other hand began manipulating her breasts. After I had cleaned off her fingers, I leaned over and grabbed the front of her blouse—like some playground bully—and pulled her upright.

"That proves I won't be timid about going down on you," I hissed at her. "If I ever have the chance."

I gave her a rough kiss on the mouth and pushed her back on the couch. Almost a minute passed before she said anything.

"I thought I'd be more ashamed than I am."

"Are you ashamed?"

"No. It was more intense than I've ever experienced ... with a man in the room."

"And I wasn't even touching you."

We sat there in silence, wondering what was going to happen next. Laurie had a question.

"What about you?"

She sat up and pointed to my crotch. A fierce erection was stretching the front of my shorts where a telltale wet spot had soaked through.

"Aren't you turned on watching the porn? And watching me—a real, live woman—inches away from you, going multiple by her own hand?"

"Of course. It'll be the first thing I do when I get home."

Laurie tilted her head quizzically. "What is?"

"You know, relieving myself, jerking off."

"Hmm ... that might be a bit tricky to do it in the same house with your sister and her husband there. Well, you're welcome to do it here," she said casually.

What?!

"Are you serious?"

"I just said it, didn't I?"

I couldn't believe how far things had gone. I never would have imagined prim, meek Laurie Quinn sitting there on the tired, old sofa in her late mother's house, with her hair not in a bun, blouse unbuttoned and her shorts unzipped, breathless from three orgasms.

I was completely at a loss as far as the propriety of tossing off in the home of a woman I'd never had sex with. I couldn't imagine jerking my load into the bathroom sink that Laurie uses. That's bound to be bad form, even if it isn't in any of the etiquette manuals.

"Is there a second bathroom I can use?"

"You can do it right here in the living room, in front of me. I'd like to watch."

I'm sure a look of disorientation was spreading across my face.

"Haven't you ever done it in front of a woman before?"

"Sure, but it was for variety. And after we'd had sex lots of times."

"So you never did it on your earlier dates before you went all the way? Or as birth control?"

"Sure, but that's when she would do me. Give me a hand job. But I've never done myself in front of someone I've never been to bed with. Have you ever watched a guy do it before?"

"No, I haven't. But there's a first time for everything, right?"

Laurie tilted her head back slightly as the tip of her tongue moistened her lips seductively. It almost seemed involuntary. She had me off-balance emotionally and was enjoying it.

"Can't you stand in front of me and do it? Finish on my body? Like those videos where the guy shoots out on her tummy or her boobs or her bum? Here ..."

Laurie stood up and unbuttoned the rest of her blouse and striped off her bra, tossing them to the side. She pulled off her shorts and panties and twirled around like a ballerina.

"There, just like up on Falcon Rock. You can just drop your shorts and take it out, like you did up there." She plopped back down on the sofa and patted the cushions on either side of her thighs. "Come kneel here, straddle my legs. Remember, I've seen you naked before."

I obeyed silently, as if in a trance. My cock was harder than marble. I don't think I'd ever been so turned on and discomforted at the same time as I exposed my erection.

"Mmm, no cold water effects this time—quite the opposite."

Her playful manner ended abruptly.

"Let's make one thing clear: I'm not going to touch you. You're on your own. I'll merely be a passive observer."

I knelt on the sofa, swooning at the reality of having my stiff, dripping cock in my fist, inches away from Laurie Quinn's bare breasts.

"Just keep it off my face, OK? I'm not ready for that."

I couldn't believe this was happening. My thoughts drifted back to seeing her in Natural Grocers a week earlier, innocently pushing her cart around in her faded UT sweatshirt.

After watching all that erotica my cock was within a few dozen strokes from going off. Not to mention the thrill of having demure Laurie Quinn there, watching it with me, taking it all in. Turning into an uninhibited, randy minx. I still couldn't believe she had diddled herself to several orgasms right in front of me.

"Go ahead, Joe. I'm waiting. Start stroking. Don't be shy. I showed you mine, so to speak. Now you show me yours."

I had to close my eyes at first; it was too overwhelming to look at her while I tugged on my prick. Laurie chided me for my cowardice. "No fair. I thought you liked looking at my deep blue eyes."

I finally got into the groove. It was like when people describe their conscious selves leaving their body and floating up to the ceiling to watch some unimaginable activity occurring down at ground level. Laurie wasn't afraid to look me right in the eye; that wasn't like her. I used my free hand to fondle and massage my balls, increasing the pleasurable tingle between my legs.

"Hmm, I'm learning a few things from watching this. How you're caressing yourself. And where," she said pleasantly. "I'll show you how I like my breasts to be touched. You can watch while you're stroking your shaft."

Laurie followed through on her promise, playing with her impossibly swollen nipples and running her hands all over her boobs. She had to know that was making me burn even hotter down below. From that point on she didn't say much, just a few soft, monosyllabic words of encouragement. Even though my balls were aching, I wanted to prolong the sensation as much as possible. I kept my cock teetering right on the edge of an orgasm—such sweet, smoldering agony!

I was so close. Precum was leaking down onto her thighs. A few more strokes and there would be no turning back. Laurie pressed her boobs together, her mouth slightly open as she looked up at me with anticipation. I met her stare. She began jiggling her breasts, making a more inviting target.

"Joe, you're holding back on me, aren't you?" she scolded. "Forget what I said earlier about not touching. Do you know how close I am to grabbing your dick and finishing you off?"

That comment was enough to trigger my pre-ejaculation, a steady flow of semen pouring down on her leg, right before the major contractions started. She seemed startled by how hot it was.

"Laurie, are you ready for this? I'm going to shoot all over you now."

Boy, and shoot I did! Nearly a dozen forceful spurts against her chest. She gasped as each shot impacted her body, strong and hot.

"Oh god, Joe. That is so hot. So much ... so much. Oh, wow!"

A final drop of semen dangled from the end of my cock, left behind after my last contraction. I scooped it up before it could fall on her carpet and rubbed it all over my sensitive glans. Laurie was still cradling her boobs in the palms of her hands as my cum ran down the front of her chest and onto her stomach.

We were speechless, sheepish grins spreading across our faces. Laurie finally asked for a favor.

"Joe, would you be a dear, and go down the hall over there to the powder room and get the box of Kleenex?"

I stumbled in the direction where she had pointed, trying not to keel over. When I returned I held out the box so Laurie could take what she needed to clean up. She used numerous tissues, remarking that maybe she should have sent me for a roll of paper towels instead.

When I got back to the den after disposing of the evidence, Laurie was buttoning her blouse. Her panties and bra were still on the sofa. I approached her, and we both stood there awkwardly for a minute.

"I guess it's true," she remarked as she put her arms around my neck.

"What is?"

"About the grocery store being a good place to pick up women for sex."

We both had a good cackle over that one. Laurie asked if she could borrow my tablet and return it when I came to pick her up for my birthday party. She wanted me to bookmark a few websites that had how-to instructions for hand jobs and blow jobs.

"I think I need to do some research before things veer off into uncharted waters."

I thought of a few couples-oriented sites I knew would be perfect. Just before I pulled up the first one, she reached out and touched my shoulder.

"Do me a favor, will you? What happened here tonight ... why don't we let that be our little secret for now?" she said with a wink.

She didn't have to elaborate. I readily agreed and invited her to sit next to me as I revealed the ones I had chosen.

"I'll show you three different women who've established themselves as quasi-amateur porn stars, mostly in the blow job and hand job arena. Each has their own website and individual style, and they only have sex with their husbands or boyfriends. Plus you never see any shots or camera angles that would require other crew people on the production, so it's just the two of them—or it seems that way. It's either point-of-view, or POV for short, where the guy holds the camera and points it at the woman and/or stationary shots on a tripod.

"The first gal is a longtime Internet favorite. She and her husband do videos where you see her but rarely him. Mostly shot from the husband's POV, but they also use a second camera on a tripod for a two-shot with only his lower body visible. Plus the slow-motion replays are always a treat.

"She is an absolute cum slut: on the face, on her tongue, on her tits, in her hair. And she swallows with gusto. I think her humor and playfulness set her apart from the others. You hear the whole dialog between them, particularly her talking as she works on his cock. Her specialty is the ultra-slow hand job or blow job once she's gets him close to ejaculating."

"Her boobs are huge! Are they real?"

"I think so, at least in all the early videos. My ex-girlfriend even had a subscription to this website. We loved watching it together and getting turned on by her antics."

I could tell Laurie was shocked by the revelation. Until that night she could probably honestly say that she didn't know anyone who openly admitted to watching hard core pornographic videos, especially ones involving facials and boob cum shots and swallowing. Not to mention someone who had a paid subscription to a website with all of that!

"Now this second performer has a different style. No dialog, just contemporary electronic music soundtracks. She films herself in very soft focus. Same general framing: you see her face and boobs but just his dick. His cum mostly end up in her mouth."

"I didn't know this could be a career move for women," Laurie noted. "Doing your own thing and not having to get chewed up in some sleazy operation run by creepy, threatening men."

"OK, this last one has a little soft focus going as well. She's very sexy but keeps all her clothes on. This subgenre of porn is called 'clothed female, nude male' or CFNM for short. Again, you only see her face, never his. Just his cock."

"Do I need to be taking notes?" she quipped. "I have to say, there's something really sexy about a woman working that slowly and deliberately on a guy's pole. I imagine that's a very satisfying way to have her take care of you."

We finished up by watching some extremely explicit sex education videos.

"This is a whole different class of erotica. An emphasis on Kama Sutra type sensibilities and surroundings: incense, candles, hot tub, massage oil. A helpful narrator keeps you informed every step of the way. No cum shots, though. I think you have to pay to see the 'happy endings' on their website."

Laurie seemed overwhelmed by the sheer explicitness of the videos and their noticeable difference from the usually tawdry mainstream professional porn.

"I think I've got enough to work with. Thanks for walking me through this extra material. You selected some interesting offerings, Joe. I think I'm going to have fun with this. As an educational exercise, of course."

I gave Laurie a final goodnight kiss and reminded her of the time I'd be picking her up Sunday night.


Double Dating at FunLand:

Birthday night, the Big Five-Oh: Joe gets to do what-ever he wants. I had nixed Erin's suggestion of going to that free summertime community event, sitting in lawn chairs in front of City Hall, passively watching a movie on a temporary screen. Besides, I wasn't interested in getting dinner from a food truck when my birthday status could get us cuts to the front of the line outside Post Oak BBQ—an otherwise interminable wait that I refuse to put up with the other 364 days of the year, even though their food is exceptional.

I went to pick up Laurie while Erin and Ed were getting cleaned up and ready. She came to the door wearing another atypical outfit: sexy and flattering, effortlessly casual and chic at the same time. I was really curious about the secret behind her sartorial transformation.

"Joe, here's your tablet back." She declined to say anything about what she might have viewed on it when I asked.

"We can discuss it later. Otherwise you'll be fixated on my reactions the rest of the evening." She had a good point there.

After pigging out at Post Oak BBQ, we swung by the 7-11 to get some beer to drink while we played mini golf at FunLand. Yes, they let you bring your own as long as it's in cans. That's a perfect example of why a small, family-run business is different from a national corporate operation. Erin limited us to a single six-pack between the four of us, being the spoil-sport that she is.

Since it was still sweltering outside, the mini golf courses weren't crowded. We originally planned to play all three, since we never had to wait at any of the tees; but we stopped after the second course. Erin and Ed wanted to take a spin in the go-karts for a change of pace. Laurie and I declined, instead using the opportunity to enjoy some frozen custard from the snack bar.

The harsh noise and foul exhaust from the go-karts enveloped us as we sat on a bench, silently licking on our cones. I glanced down at the bandage on her scraped knee, recalling her breezy nudity up on Falcon Rock. Laurie eventually had something to say, although she didn't turn to look at me.

"Joe, I've been thinking about what you suggested last night. Especially while I was using the tablet after you left. I saw some very interesting visuals as I jumped around to various websites. Remember, you talked about us trying out some of the erotic activities we saw on the videos?" she asked nonchalantly. "I think I've built up a level of trust I'm comfortable with. To move forward on that plan. How about you?"

A surge of blood flooded my penis. "So you think it's a good idea? Our experimenting together?"

"Sure, kind of like a test kitchen, working out various recipes," she explained as she concentrated on swirling her tongue around the diminishing dome of custard sitting atop her cone. "But I think we should drive to Dallas and get a room. I'll pay for it. Let that be my birthday present to you.

"It's too weird thinking about it happening in my parents' house. It's too depressing and staid for what we have in mind, and doing it in their bed would be way too creepy."

She still hadn't looked over at me. I had to admire her wry, deadpan manner of laying out the plan. The plan where we would fuck each other's brains out on an overnight road trip. Laurie was full of surprises. Who knew?

"Should we say we're going there to catch a Rangers baseball game?" I wondered.

She laughed. "It doesn't really matter what our cover story is if we spend the night." Laurie finally turned to look at me and grinned. "Can you handle the teasing at home from your sister?"

"Sure, I'm a big boy." I didn't mention Erin's cautionary words about Laurie's possible motherhood quest.

"I know of a cute boutique hotel in Uptown we can stay at, though we'll likely be some of the oldest people there," she warned.

We quickly decided to leave as soon as we could. Laurie filled in some more details.

"I can't go tomorrow. I have someone coming over to do the appraisal for the estate sale. So let's do it the next day. We can leave right after lunch, around 1:30. I'll drive over there, and you can drive back. Bring a bathing suit. I don't think we can get away with what we did up on Falcon Rock at the hotel pool. They've got a good restaurant there, but there're lots of other choices within walking distance. Plus there's a free trolley that runs up and down the main drag."

"I've heard about that, like the ones in San Francisco. Each one's a different historic streetcar from other cities."

I watched Erin and Ed get out of their go-karts and head our way. Just before they got within earshot Laurie added one other thing.

"I can supply the scarves for restraints, if you can bring the condoms ... and whatever else you think would be helpful." Laurie gave me a teasing smile and popped the tiny remains of the cone in her mouth and began licking her fingers.

While I tried to regain my composure after that last comment, the others had a short discussion about whether we should call it a night or head over to the midway and wallow in the nostalgia of cotton candy, arcade games, and nausea-inducing carnival rides. I used my birthday privileges to veto any more activities at FunLand. I was more interested in seeing what Ms. Quinn might have in store for me when I took her home.

Ed went off to get some sodas from the vending machines while Laurie headed for the ladies' room. As soon as they were gone, Erin pounced. She plopped down next to me and literally got in my face.

"What have you done to Laurie?"

"What do you mean 'what have I done to Laurie'?"

"She's acting really weird."

"You say she always acts weird."

"No, you know what I mean. For starters, her hair is in a ponytail instead of pinned up tightly. I haven't seen her in public like that since we were Campfire Girls. She even had some discreet cleavage showing when she bent over to putt. I'm sure my husband noticed that.

"And she's acting calm and easy-going. Confident, self-assured. She's usually a mess of neuroses and indecision. Self-doubting, uneasy around men. And her clothes! A dress to play mini golf? Did you take her shopping?"

"No! What makes you think I would do that?"

"Look, I know Laurie and I know women. She has on things she would never normally wear. Laurie has always dressed like a waif or a dowdy old maid, even when she was in college. And still does—until tonight. I recognize the style of clothes and shoes and jewelry she has on. They had to come from Neiman's or Bloomingdale's. Not the stores she usually shops in.

"Laurie's idea of fashion forward is Old Navy. And she wears things way past their expiration date. That dress she has on is so unlike her."

"I thinks it looks good on her."

"Exactly my point. The tasteful floral pattern. The graceful drape and above-the-knee hemline. Those cute pin tucks in front, down to the dropped waist. That's so not her. Did you see those half-pint fringed boots she has on? And I'd kill for that necklace, all those semi-precious stones. She's usually a great-grandma's brooch kind of woman, if she wears any jewelry at all.

"Plus her sassy little cross-body purse. She usually drags her stuff around in a lumpy tote bag that barely qualifies as an airline carry-on. And she beat me at golf—twice! She hasn't beaten me at anything since we played Candyland when we were little. Tell me the truth: have you been to bed with her? I'll know if you're lying."

"I swear, I haven't touched her, sexually anyway. Just out on the dance floor at the river concert."

"Not even a goodnight kiss?"

"OK, that. After the concert. I was just being polite. No tongue."

Erin wrinkled her nose in disgust: "T.M.I."

I decided to limit my confession to what we'd done in public. Our little secret, remember? If I had poked Laurie, telling Erin would trigger a big reaction. But if I told her what we had actually done on movie night, it would be much worse.

Erin shook her head. "She may still be able to bear children, so watch out. Her biological clock could be mounting a last minute surge."

I felt like we were regressing to our childhood roles and Erin was going to start a sing-song chant of "Joe's got a girlfriend, Joe's got a girlfriend" at any moment. Oh, but crafty Erin threw me a real curve ball, one I never saw coming.

"If there's nothing going on between you two, then neither you nor Laurie should object to my giving her a ride home instead of your driving her. I need to get to the bottom of this."

What could I say to that? Damn it!

"Sure, go ahead. Save me the trouble."

Erin wasn't expecting me to cave so quickly. She gave me her "I know you're hiding something" look.

When the four of us got back home, Erin used the flimsy excuse that I'd had more to drink than she had, so she'd handle taking Laurie home. If Laurie was thrown by this, she didn't show it.

While Erin was playing chauffeur, I sat in the kitchen alone, gorging on more birthday cake, reading my email, and catching up with the day's news. I tensed up when I heard her key in the back door. She breezed right by me with an odd look on her face. Erin ignored me until she was halfway up the stairs.

"Shut off the lights before you turn in."

Looks like Laurie told her about the Dallas trip.

I pulled up the website of one of the major drugstore chains and clicked over to their Sexual Well-Being department. It's unbelievable what they sell online nowadays. I located the vibrator Laurie had shown some interest in while we were watching the sex toy videos. I added some of my favorite lube but got bogged down in the condom department. I hadn't bought any in ages and was bewildered and overwhelmed by the selection.

After finally defaulting to an old standby brand, I added a sturdy pair of medical scissors. The BDSM websites strongly recommend having them handy in case you had to cut someone loose quickly from their restraints. A single click later, the order was on its way via overnight express delivery.'

I made a note to self to get some old neckties the next day at the thrift shop, in case the scarves proved impractical. I'd seen ties used in several of the "tasteful" bondage scenarios we saw—on both men and women.


Road Trip to Dallas:

The Dallas trip couldn't come soon enough. It was worse than waiting for Christmas. My imagination and libido had been out of control since Laurie agreed to participate in the sexual explorations I had suggested two nights before, almost as a joke. The blasting horn of her Crown Vic jolted me out of my obsessive carnal daydreams. I grabbed my bag and bounded down the sidewalk to her waiting arms and the car's cavernous open trunk.

Laurie surprised me again with a new hairstyle: a low ponytail with several loose wisps of hair framing her face in an offhand, sensual manner. She sported an airy, sleeveless white linen dress with the skirt fluttering around her thighs as a light breeze provided some welcome relief from the relentless Texas summer heat. A self-fabric linen belt was tied loosely at the waist, and her bra and panties were faintly visible through the diaphanous fabric. Damn, she looked sexy and carefree.

"I'm just going to give you a polite, friendly hug," she teased. "In case Erin's watching. I'll make it up to you later tonight."

Minutes later we were on the Interstate, headed for Big D. I had to compliment Laurie on her clothing choices again. And her evolving hairdo, gracefully alluring each time I saw her.

"I have a confession to make," she said, as she pushed the Crown Vic well beyond the posted speed limit. "I turned myself over to a personal stylist at Bloomingdale's. She picked out all the clothes you've seen me in since the river concert: dresses, blouses, shoes, jewelry, handbags, swimsuit—the works. Even the lingerie. It wasn't cheap, but the transformation was long overdue. I've been dressing like a slob for years. I never really knew how to dress casually without looking like I was ready to clean out the garage. This is the first time I can recall being emotionally comfortable in my non-work clothes."

"You do look happy and confident. The new things you've been wearing really suit you. They bring out the sensual, easygoing Laurie I always suspected was hidden behind the old you."

She shot me a sexy, "you have no idea" smile.

"And they sent me over to Osgood O'Neil for a beauty makeover. They trimmed my hair to a more manageable length, then subtly lightened it by adding a bit more red. Plus they showed me how to do a ponytail correctly, both high and low, and some other little tricks. Do you like the way it looks?"

"Absolutely! Your bare neck is one of you sexiest features, and those new do's really enhance that."

"Without looking like a schoolmarm, like I did before?" She laughed. "It's OK, everybody gave me grief about that. I just didn't know what to do with my hair, so I let it grow long and pinned it up—never a strand out of place. Now I've learned how to make it a little messy and casual."

I reached over and fondled her hair where it hung down in back, letting my thumb caress the nape of her neck. Laurie let out a little moan and squirmed in her seat as she gave me another suggestive look. I wondered just how crazy it was going to get once we arrived at the hotel.

* * *

We breezed through the lobby, checked in, and headed to the elevators. I noticed a poster promoting their nightly pool party but warning it was restricted to 21 and over. I wondered if there was an upper age cut-off as well.

Once we got to the room I subtly surveyed the furniture, checking its suitability for our after-dark activities, looking for places where scarves and neckties could be fastened. Laurie was anxious to enjoy the hotel pool.

"I'm ready to get wet," she announced, whipping the linen dress over her head. Her bra and panties quickly followed. I guess that answered the question of whether I should go into the bathroom to change. Her nonchalance about nudity was almost like she was another person, certainly not the Laurie Quinn I knew before.

"Laurie, see how your Falcon Rock experience makes it easy for you to get 'nekkid' without being embarrassed?"

She stood before the full-length mirror and smiled as she watched me undress. Once I was free of my clothing, she beckoned to me.

"Joe, come stand over here."

We looked at ourselves in the mirror, proudly au naturel. Not at Falcon Rock in front of dozens of strangers but just the two of us, alone in a hotel room.

Laurie continued to stare at me in the mirror as she began touching my body gently with her fingertips, our first truly sexual contact. Across my chest and upper arms, then my hips and butt as she moved behind me. I reciprocated, with innocent touches on her shoulders, not so innocent on her breasts. We moved and turned, circling around and letting our bodies graze against each other, improvising a delicate dance step.

Sometimes we looked directly at each other, sometimes we used the mirror. Our hands wandered, gliding across skin, tracing random patterns, sending erotic tingles all through our bodies. The air conditioning in the room had swelled her nipples to an impressive size. They scraped across my torso and the palms of my hands. I could feel her thick muff tickling my ass cheeks when she moved behind me. My cock stretched to its full length, threatening to point toward the ceiling. Our touching and grazing went on far longer than I expected. Laurie looked up at me.

"I never would have been comfortable doing something like this before with a man. Not even one I'd been with for a long time. Touching him everywhere, letting him touch me. Completely naked, in the daytime. I'm so glad you tricked me into going up on Falcon Rock and shedding my inhibitions. Something changed inside of me, in my head. It liberated me. It's such a cliché, but I feel invigorated and free."

We commenced a nude, full body hug as we both looked at ourselves in the mirror.

"I like what I see," I remarked.

"Me too. But we'll have to put on our bathing suits if we want to cool off in the pool."

I was shocked—and pleasantly surprised—when Laurie donned a well-fitting bikini that highlighted her new curvature up top. She slipped into a white oversized shirt for a cover-up—to prevent any startled room service waiters from dropping their trays as we made our way down to the pool.

* * *

We found an available umbrella poolside, stripped down to our swimwear, and spread our towels on a pair of nearby loungers. After we took a quick dip to cool off, Laurie had a novel suggestion.

"Why don't we apply 100% of the sunscreen on the other person's body? Not just our backs. That'll make us more comfortable with touching each other all over."

Even with all the other times I had rubbed my lotion-smeared hands over a girlfriend's hard to reach areas, it was startlingly intimate to do Laurie's whole body. And it felt even better on my end when she reciprocated. I noticed her scraped knee was healing well enough to not wear a bandage.

We ordered drinks poolside and tried to ignore the muggy weather. Laurie talked some more about her feelings after her mother passed.

"Since my father died when I was young, I had an unusually strong mother/daughter bond, particularly being an only child. It took me a long time to come to terms with my grief after her death. I was adrift emotionally. After the broken engagement I was finally able to start dealing with her estate because it gave me purpose. It gave me something to focus on instead of how miserable I was being alone for the first time in years. Working on something constructive instead of wallowing in self-pity."

We continued our talk about relationships. I became more candid about my failures in that area. It seemed deeper and more honest than our earlier conversations. I felt an unexpected emotional warmth as we spoke. Or maybe that was the intense sexual anticipation that had been pulsing through my body since I slid into the passenger seat of the Crown Vic that morning.

After we went back in the pool, we were standing under the umbrella drying off.

"I guess your sister and everyone else back home are talking about us now."

"I hadn't given it a first thought, much less a second thought. I'm glad to be here with you."

That crazy few seconds as we stared at each other, letting our emotions surge and cascade over us, erotic energy crackling in the air. I brushed my thumb along the line of her jaw and leaned in to kiss her. It was meant to be polite and neutral, but my inner animal made it anything but. Tongues more than touching for the first time as a mewl of passion escaped her lips. The kiss became one that belonged hidden behind closed doors, not poolside.

Laurie wrapped one leg around mine to pull herself even closer. My penis stiffened immediately. She felt it jerk against her down below. Laurie broke the kiss, surprise spreading across her face, and glanced down. She gasped as she felt the full length of my arousal throb against her mound. Laurie gave me a frantic look, hissing softly.

"One kiss and I make you hard like that?"

The look on her face was that of a woman who hadn't thought herself capable of producing a raw, instantaneous reaction like that from a man. A look of someone who was about to lose control.

"Are we going to make it to dinner?" she asked.

I wondered if we'd be on each other as soon as we got back to the room. I wanted to stretch out the anticipation through the evening meal. Maybe have an after-dinner drink by the pool before it got too rowdy with the younger crowd.

"I hear it's not healthy to skip meals," I admonished.

She agreed with a wicked look on her face and stepped back. "I'm going up to take a shower. You need a few minutes away from me so you can cool off. Your admiration is stretching the front of your trunks."

As I watched her saunter off, a delicious, euphoric sensation quickly centered in my groin: a first-time fuck with Laurie Quinn was almost a 100% sure thing—short of a lightning strike or kidnapping.

* * *

I sat down for a timeout while the afternoon slipped into the golden hour. When I returned to the room, the bathroom door was ajar and the steam from her shower was seeping out. The dress she had selected was laid out on the bed. Normally I don't like tie-dyed fashion since it's such a cliché, but whoever designed and created that dress was a master. Subtle gradations of dark indigo splashed across a slinky gray viscose fabric. I bent over to see what was on the label, but saw nothing but three dots and "Made in USA." Huh? I thought all clothing was manufactured overseas these days.

"Joe, I need you to come in here for a minute."

When I pushed open the bathroom door, I saw Laurie perched atop the counter, nude, with her legs spread apart, and her hair wrapped up in a towel. A pink plastic razor was in one hand and a small hand mirror in the other.

"Do you have any shaving cream? I want to take off more than my bikini line."

I somehow resisted the urge to faint on the spot and instead advised her to trim before she shaved. I even had a small pair of blunt-nose scissors in my grooming kit.

"Can you do that for me? The trimming first? Then I'll do the shaving, but I need you to hold the mirror while I do it."

Damn, I guess I'd better get used to having Laurie Quinn pull the rug out from under my feet on a regular basis. She handed me a comb to help with the process as I knelt down before her, wielding my tiny scissors. This was definitely going on the "Intimate Things I've Never Done with a Woman Before" list, a list I had a hunch would grow longer during the next 24 hours.

Halfway through the assignment I noticed a drop of Laurie's arousal oozing from her pussy. I looked up at her.

"Yes, I'm getting wet. You noticed? Try to stay focused on the task at hand. We still have a ways to go."

I had a raging hard-on that was still a few more hours from relief, so I concentrated on carefully finishing my trimming duties. Before long I was spreading shaving cream on her lips and mound. Her drool was becoming more pronounced. Laurie handed me the mirror and began to draw the razor gingerly along her outer labia.

"I watched several videos online to see how to do this, but I'll admit I'm nervous doing it the first time. I'm glad you're here to make sure I don't bleed to death if there's a slip of the hand."

I was probably more anxious than she was while she slowly revealed the sexiest pussy I'd ever been that close to: prominent inner lips, plus a noticeable clit peeking out. It was all I could do to keep from dragging my tongue all over her. I hopped in the shower before things went too far.

While I was toweling off afterward, I eyed Laurie's damp body: bent over, hair dryer going full-blast on her auburn locks—and her sweet tush, prompting thoughts of enthusiastic rear-entry sex to come later.

As I was getting dressed, she walked out from the bathroom, naked with her hair put back in the messy low ponytail she had earlier. Laurie glowed with a gentle flush of color from the humid bathroom and her time beside the pool earlier. I watched her slip into a pair of panties and the tie-dyed maxi dress. The spaghetti straps settled on her shoulders as she reached for the thin rope tie at the waist. The high-low hem gave the dress a subtle sexiness as it drew attention to her feet. Did she forget to put on a bra?

The color of dress complemented her hair in an unexpected way, perhaps by mirroring the color of her eyes. There was a wide expanse of bare skin: arms, shoulders, chest and back—appropriate for the summer heat.

"I never would have worn a dress like this before," she admitted. "Way too much showing. I wasn't confident enough."

"I think it looks casually stunning. It's a perfect fit and style for you."

Laurie stood at the mirror and turned back and forth, adjusting her dress. I walked over and gently stroked her ponytail as it hung loosely on her back.

"I can't wear a bra because the back of the dress is too low. That's not going to bother you, is it?" She glanced in the mirror and smiled. I didn't need to answer. Laurie sat down and strapped on a pair of block heel sandals and announced she was ready to go.


Dinner and Drinks and More:

We took the M-Line streetcar several blocks up to a Cajun/Creole restaurant but decided to walk back afterward since the weather had cooled off a little. A hint of rain was in the air. We held hands and walked at a leisurely pace. I could see her breasts subtly jiggle under the thin fabric of the dress with each step. She had to know my eyes were all over her.

As we walked up the front driveway of the hotel, we could hear the pool party getting underway. Laurie suggested we join in and have an after-dinner drink.

"It's not too crazy in there yet. We can tease ourselves a little by not rushing upstairs right away."

Laurie plopped down on one of the striped settees, leaned back into the throw pillows, and put her strappy sandals up on my legs. She hailed a passing waitress and ordered two mojitos. We were both quiet as we waited for the drinks, contemplating what was to come when we returned to the room.

My sexual excitement was brimming over by the time the waitress brought our cocktails. After a few sips Laurie remarked that we were actually very lucky to have crossed paths when I got to town.

"I was thinking: what if our schedules that first day at Natural Grocers hadn't coincided? If we had decided to go shopping at different times? I'd been meaning to call Erin. It'd been almost two weeks since I got back. I probably would have called by the weekend. Maybe I would have run into you.

"I almost decided not to go to the river concert. Sometimes you can really be lonely in a crowd." She touched my hand. "Do you ever get that feeling? I hoped you were going to be there. I rushed over to a thrift shop and bought that dress. Otherwise I would have worn my usual drab clothes."

Wow, she went out and bought that colorful dress to look sexy for me. So I would notice her. Well, it certainly worked. Not to mention all her new clothes and hairstyles. I was flattered to the point of getting a little choked up.

I caressed her legs under the dress. "I'm sure we're both asking ourselves: how did we get here?"

A few other couples were making out, so it didn't feel that odd when Laurie leaned over and gave me a gentle kiss. Our contact was restrained and romantic, belying the passions that were about to overflow.

Eventually we tired of the irritating music geared toward the younger crowd, so Laurie took a final sip from her mojito and handed it to me to finish. "Let's go upstairs and find out some more things about each other."

We were alone in the elevator at first. I kneeled down and told her to lift up her skirt.

"Higher," I demanded as I ran my hands up the back of her legs.

"Oh my!" she cried out and slumped against the side of the elevator.

I slid her panties down to her ankles. Laurie was trembling when the elevator dinged for a stop.

"You'd better hurry up and step out of your underwear. You don't want this stranger to see them around your feet."

She quickly complied. I balled the panties up in my hand and straightened up at the last second. A young hipster dude with an overflowing ice bucket and a Rutherford B. Hayes beard stepped on—wearing shorts with suspenders. If he only knew what I was about to do with this sexy, unassuming woman.

When we got to our floor, I grabbed Laurie's hand and hustled her down the hallway. As I fumbled with the card key at the door, she casually fingered my belt buckle.

"Joe, I was just thinking. If we had already had sex several dozen times, there probably wouldn't be too many surprises as to what's going to happen once the door closes behind us. But we both know that's part of the fun tonight—not knowing."

I pushed the door open. Laurie went right to her bag and pulled out two scarves and draped them over one lamp and asked me to turn the other one off.

"And can you open the doors to the balcony while I'm in the bathroom? I'd rather hear the noise of the city instead of mood music."

I stepped out on the balcony and realized our top floor room was right over the pool area. I went back inside and took out the condoms, lube, and the scissors and put them in a discreet location in my nightstand. I decided to wait until next morning to pull out the vibrator, so I positioned the little satin bag out of sight under the bed.

I eased off the room's air conditioning and went back out on the balcony to soak in the nighttime view of the city and listen to the pool party kicking into high gear.


Behind Closed Doors:

A few minutes later I sensed Laurie had come out from the bathroom, but she didn't join me right away. I could hear soft metallic clanging noises, so I looked around. She was standing by her nightstand, removing her rings and bracelets. Laurie looked up at me as she unhooked her necklace. She took a hairbrush from her purse and loosened her ponytail, letting her hair fall completely free for the first time.

I watched as she walked slowly toward me, brushing her hair out, letting it spread over her shoulders. The symbolism of the long, unrestrained tresses caressing her bare skin was not lost on either of us. It was more red than brown in the golden light from the scarf-draped lamp. She dropped the elastic hair bobble in my shirt pocket.

"Hang onto this for me. I won't be needing it the rest of the night."

Laurie stepped over to the railing and looked down. A soft summer breeze played with her hair and the hem of her dress. The raw, carnal desire I had for her at that moment was unbearable. The beast in me yearned to take her from behind, right there on the balcony. 


"I like this," she said. "The traffic noise, the streetcars, the pool party merriment." Laurie turned to look at me. "It'll seem like we're doing it in front of a crowd since we can hear everything."

I took both her hands and held them away from our sides and pulled her body against mine. Our first kiss of the evening started off sweetly until I backed her against the railing, still holding her hands out to the sides. The kisses became sloppy and rough when we started rubbing our bodies against each other—like animals in heat. Memories from our movie night at her house flooded my consciousness: Laurie with her hand in her shorts, wracked in the throes of sexual bliss on the sofa. And how intense my own orgasm was minutes later when she subtly urged me to jerk my seed all over her bare breasts.

"Laurie, you know I'm going to do things to you tonight."

"I want you to. I want you to make me feel helpless."

"I'd like to make you feel good, too. We'll ease into it, discover what excites the other person."

I took her by the hand to one of the heavy plush arm chairs inside and ordered her to sit down. I realized we needed to talk about safe words. After getting the giggles trying to use our high school mascot as the "stop" word, I decided the red/yellow/green system was the better choice.

I knelt down before Laurie, lifted one of her legs, and rested her foot on my thigh. After unfastening her sandal I began stroking her leg and massaging her toes.

"That feels nice," she said, casually pushing the straps down from her shoulders and exposing her breasts.

I didn't want to rush things, so I took my time before moving on to her other foot. I watched Laurie's eyes become dreamy as I guided her into a peaceful, trusting state. When I was done with both feet, I reached for the hem of her maxi-dress and slowly pushed it up past her knees. I spread her legs wider and began a feathery caressing of her inner thighs with my fingertips.

"You know what I want to do to you, don't you?"

She nodded slowly. Laurie looked very different with her hair undone, particularly in the soft amber glow of the lamp. I lifted one leg and draped it over the arm of the chair and placed her hand on her knee. I carefully repeated the same with her other leg and hand. I resumed the feathery caressing of her inner thighs, now more exposed than before.

We stared at each other in the dim light, both knowing what was next. It would be a lot more than that first friendly goodnight kiss after the river concert. It would be the most intimate kiss I could give her. No longer would I merely be Erin's big brother, but instead the man who eagerly thrust his tongue into her waiting pussy.

I grabbed her hips and moved her butt near the edge of the chair, then reached over to the bed where several more scarves were peeking from her bag.

"This will be a trust exercise," I explained as I draped a scarf over each of her bare legs. "I have medical scissors right over there in case we need to cut you loose for any reason."

She nodded and took several short breaths. I slipped a scarf under the chair arm and tied her wrist and thigh to the chair. Laurie let out a groan. I bound her other arm and leg the same way. She was already leaking her arousal: a large clear drop was visibly easing down her perineum. I was just as excited, knowing the taste would be on my tongue shortly.

I moved my feathery touches closer to her pussy. The dim, shadowy lighting enhanced the contours of her newly exposed labia. I manipulated them gently with one hand while my other one drifted up to caress her breasts.

"Laurie, I think you look extremely sexy after shaving."

She was quivering—wanting more, knowing it was coming shortly. My fingertips sought the dampness between her inner lips.

"I've been told I shouldn't skip this chapter."

Laurie smiled and nodded her head, inhaling deeply and letting the sensations wash over her.

I placed two fingers along her opening, nestling each one between her inner and outer lips on both sides. Her wetness allowed a slow stroking motion, up and down. Sometimes I brought them together at the top to trap her clitoris under its hood, adding a little sideways movement to the mix. I periodically replenished the moisture I needed by letting my fingertips scoop up the arousal leaking from her pussy.

"Oooh, baby! That feels wonderful, Joe. So nice."

I finally eased one finger inside her. Laurie grasped her knees tightly and whimpered. My other hand was still squeezing and stroking her breasts, occasionally giving her stiff nipples a firm tweak. Her whole body was twitching with impatience.

My finger was meeting little resistance as I moved it in and out of her pussy, ever deeper with each stroke. In fact, she was so slick that I added a second. Laurie became a lot more vocal.

"Oh, Joe, you're making me so wet. The way you're fingering me. That's driving me crazy when you do it slowly like that."

My other hand moved down near her clitoris where I could let my fingers gently push her hood up and down. Laurie jerked at her restraints and cried out loudly, competing with the sounds of poolside women down below who'd consumed too many craft cocktails.

The scent of female arousal flooded my nostrils. I methodically stimulated her most sensitive areas until I could no longer hold back. Gently spreading her open with both thumbs, I leaned in and placed the tip of my tongue on her perineum and lapped up her wetness. I was seconds away from devouring her.

Laurie looked down at me with desperation. "I want you to suck my pussy now. Please don't make me wait any longer."

It was time.

I guided my tongue over the tender area between her inner and outer lips, right where my fingertips had been a few minutes earlier. Laurie half-screamed, tugging wildly against the scarves and twisting in her chair. Things only got crazier when I began sucking on her meaty labia and dragging my tongue across her clit.

I backed off for a few seconds, varying my technique when I continued. This was new territory for both of us. Picking up on her cues was important to me. I needed to learn how her body works.

"A little softer, babe. Oooh, yes ... that's perfect. What you're doing. Yes, like that. Mmmm, yes ... yes ... right there. Oh, Joe, you don't know how ... aaaah ... more ... don't stop ..."

I can't tell you how turned on I was hearing her say things like that. My erection was trapped in my pants, periodically sending surges of precum down my thigh. Oh, how sweet it was going to be when I buried it inside her hot quim.

Laurie's body was futilely straining against the scarves binding her to the chair. The rich scent of her musk was driving me wild. I reveled in the sloppy wetness of her sex, slurping up as much of her nectar as I could. It became hard for her to put a coherent sentence together.

"I'm close, Joe, real close ... mmh. Ooh, I love it ... what you're doing to me. So close ... so close ..."

Laurie seemed to be reaching for something just beyond her grasp. I hoped the failures of her lovers in the past weren't messing with her head, trying to convince her she couldn't come like this. I slid my two fingers back inside her, thrusting them forcefully, feeling the slickness of her arousal. She snapped her head up and looked down at me with a desperate grimace on her face. I pressed my tongue loosely against her clit and began a rhythmic left to right pattern in a lazy figure eight. I met her gaze just as she began to lose it.

"Oh, Joe, Joe ... that's it ... don't stop ... please, please ... keep doing that ... keep ... keep ... oh, god, you're going to make me come ... now ... right now ..."

A long guttural moan filled the room. I don't think I'd ever seen a woman come as aggressively as Laurie did. Sure, I'd seen her get off three times in front of me at her house, but she wasn't under any restraints that night. Did having her limbs tied down amplify the intensity of her orgasm? That was something my own body couldn't understand. The force of her climax even caused the heavy chair to momentarily lift up from the carpet.

My own arousal was intensified by the pleasure she found from my intimate kisses. I kept my mouth pressed against her pussy, allowing her to move around the way she felt best, hearing her moan softly as her climax receded. The sticky heat from her thighs warmed my cheeks.

I untied the scarves and carefully draped her legs over my shoulders. Laurie leaned over, putting her hands on my cheeks and nuzzling the top of my head. She began to sob quietly. Uh-oh.

I tried to straighten up, but she held me tightly with her legs still resting on my shoulders.

"Laurie, honey, what is it? Did I hurt you?"

It was a while before she could answer.

"No, I'm OK," she explained between sobs. "Better than OK ... it's just ... just a release. Pure emotion ... that's all."

Laurie let out a few more sobs and sniffles before lifting my face and kissing me softly, her tongue joining mine, tasting her own cum. She tried to explain.

"Sorry, Joe ... I'm just so happy. That's never happened to me before. It was ... so overwhelming and so ... very, very good."

She began to cry again. "All those years I missed out ... on feeling that ..."

I held her tightly to me. Our warm tears flowed together.

"It's OK to feel that way, Laurie. Just let it out. Try to look ahead, not back. We have the rest of the night ahead of us. Lots more to look forward to."

Damn, that was the first time I'd ever shed a tear during sex. I was startled by the strong emotional feelings triggered inside me when she climaxed. The "what if I like it too much?" question floated through my head—and I hadn't even come yet.

I eased her legs down off my shoulders and let her wrap them around my torso as I continued to kneel before her, cuddling and kissing. The anachronous rumbling of the streetcars down below was an odd counterpoint to the throbbing dance music energizing the hotel's pool party.

"Joe, I still want to experiment with having my hands tied behind me, but I've never had doggie-style sex before. I'm wondering if it might be too uncomfortable doing it that way. The amount of penetration. Can we try it without the bondage first?"

"Sure, not a problem. Let's get undressed."

I got to my feet and helped her up from the chair. Laurie loosened the belt of her dress, gathered up the hem, and pulled it over her head. She was totally nude. I retrieved her panties from my pocket and placed them next to her dress on the bed.

"In case you need them later," I said while unbuttoning my shirt.

Laurie stepped closer and started unbuckling my belt. I've always found that act to be intensely arousing. No ambiguity about where things were headed. There was a lot of fumbling around trying to remove my shoes and socks as I balanced on one foot at a time. Laurie watched with amusement then knelt before me and yanked down my boxers. My hard cock sprung out, inches from her face. She put both hands on my shaft and marveled at the unchecked flow of precum.

"Wow, you're just as wet as I am."

Laurie looked up at me as she opened her mouth and let my cockhead slide along her tongue. Her lips closed around it, sending intensely pleasurable sensations all through my groin.

"Mmh! You taste so sweet."

I enjoyed the display of her newly acquired oral skills from the online tutorials. Laurie was very accomplished but—bless her heart—tried to do too many things at once, a problem I know many men wished they had. I figured there would be ample opportunities to help refine her technique, but for now I barely needed any fluffing at all. I was as hard as the leg of the chair she was just tied to.

I ran my fingers through her unfettered hair and watched her pleasure me for a bit longer. Her eye contact was exemplary.

"Laurie, that was perfect. You could probably get me off if you kept going, but I think it's time to take it to the next level. Let me help you up."

I guided her over near my nightstand and yanked back the bedcovers. I sat down on the edge of the mattress while she stood in front of me.

"I'll need your help getting ready," I said, reaching over to retrieve the box of condoms. I handed one to her while I unwrapped the bottle of lube.

Laurie searched for a way to open it. "I'm glad you remembered to bring these. I don't want to be parenting an unruly teenager when I'm in my sixties."

"You'll see they're not pre-lubed. I prefer to do that myself. I have a better product."

The packet fell on the floor between us.

"I've never done this before," she explained as she bent down to retrieve it. "That was always the guy's job. Damn, this foil is hard to tear. Maybe if I use my teeth."

Once she got it opened, I asked her to hold it in front of me with the tip down. I squirted some lube into the condom. I put some more in my palm and spread it all over my throbbing erection while she watched.

"Now slip that on my cockhead. Good ... now carefully roll it down over my shaft. Nice ... keep going ... all the way to the bottom ... good job. Now hold out your hand."

I pumped a big blob of lube in her palm and directed her to rub it all over my cock. She was a quick learner.

"I've never had any involvement in this process before," she confessed. "Never even touched a condom. But I think it's sexier when we both share the task."

I stood up and gave her a thank-you kiss. Laurie put one knee on the bed next to me and hesitated.

"I guess I won't be able to see you if we do it this way," she said with a little disappointment. She leaned over and put her forearms down on the mattress. "Is this OK?"

I glanced over at the mirror where we had done our nude pas de deux earlier that afternoon.

"I've got a better idea. Why don't you get a fresh towel from the bathroom?"

I dragged the big chair where she had been sitting over in front of the mirror. I positioned it at an angle to enhance our partial side view, where the dim light would play across our bodies. Laurie returned with the towel.

"So what's happening now?"

"Spread the towel over the chair, then kneel on it. Rest your arms on the seat back. Here, let me get a pillow for you."

Once Laurie got settled, she looked up and realized we'd be able to watch ourselves fucking and look into each other's eyes. A big smile spread across her face.

"Ah, this is so clever. I've never thought to use a mirror before. Probably because I was afraid to watch. I've always been an eyes-closed kind of girl.

"Particularly with some of the guys I was with," she added, almost inaudibly.

"Get comfortable and let me take care of you. You're a woman who deserves that."

I began to caress her body with both hands—slowly and deliberately. Laurie let out a soft moan as our gaze met in the mirror. I couldn't resist gathering her long hair and running my fingers through it.

"Laurie, your hair is so sexy ... so beautiful. Now I understand why you have to keep it pinned up outside of the bedroom. It's too alluring. No telling what might happen."

I leaned over and inhaled its subtle floral scent while my hands sought Laurie's exposed breasts. The feel of her warm flesh sent a sharp burst of lust directly to my groin.

"Oh, Joe, that feels good. Mmm, your hands on me, all over my boobs, so sexy."

Yes, all over, not just the nipples, even though their impressive size was a tempting destination. Best to limit them to the occasional pinch. I placed my head next to hers, resting my chin on her shoulder. We looked at each other in the mirror as my fingers explored her cleavage and my palms rubbed the outside of her breasts. Never lingering too long in one place, wandering all over her front, sliding down from her neck and cupping their fullness, coming up from her waist and caressing them from underneath.

"Joe, do you know how many times today I wanted you to feel me up like this? You can't imagine the heat you're sending down below when you play with my breasts. Right where my legs meet. I'm glad we waited ... so you could touch me in other places, too."

I moved around behind her, leaning over and reaching underneath so my splayed fingers could ripple across her fully erect nipples. Laurie's body jerked with excitement as she encouraged me to be more aggressive with my fondling. I began to cover more territory on her body, one hand playing with her breasts while my other drifted over her hips and thighs. Up and down her back, over her ass, and between her legs—but not quite touching her kitty yet.

While I had my hands on her, Laurie was moaning and writhing, telling me how hot she was getting and how much she liked it, imploring me not to stop. I became even more creative, crouching down and moving around so I could kiss and lick her in unexpected places. As I was kneeling behind her, stroking her ass and nuzzling her thighs, I could see a drop of nectar seeping down from her pussy, glistening in the dim light. Strands of it stretched to her thighs, like honeysuckle dew.

"I'm just dripping, aren't I? Don't let that go to waste, now."

Oh, I won't.

I got up and moved to her side so I could go back to playing with her breasts—stroking, squeezing, tweaking—while my other hand slipped between her legs. I felt her wetness meet my fingertips. Laurie cried out when I rubbed it into her already engorged pussy lips: tugging on them gently, slipping the occasional finger or two between them, seeking out her inner heat. Her body was trembling with arousal. After less than a minute of this teasing, she raised her head and looked at me in the mirror, eyes smoldering with lust.

"Joe, I want you to fuck me. Now."

I knew she meant business: it was the first time I'd ever heard her use the f-word. Yet in the next few minutes I would hear it at least a hundred more times.

I stepped behind her and touched my cock to her entrance, rubbing it up and down, spreading the moisture all over her entire pussy. I could see the frustration building in her face.

Laurie moaned out loud: "Please, Joe, put it in me now. Please?"

I continued to torment her with the tip of my cock, eventually letting it slip in a little.

"Oh, yes! All the way in. I want it."

I gradually increased the depth of my strokes, causing her to groan with pleasure. Her body became more animated, pushing back toward me. I let her take me in a little further on each thrust. I was almost all the way to the hilt.

"Laurie, how does that feel? Are you OK with what we're doing now?"

Her head lolled around. "Oh, yes! I'm more than OK."

My next push took me all the way inside her. I hesitated, wondering if my length was uncomfortable for her. She gave me the go-ahead with a gasp.

"Do me. Now."

I started off slowly, making sure the depth of my strokes was manageable for her. Laurie's head dropped down and a low growl escaped from deep inside her.

"Oh, fuck, that's good. Oh, Joe. This is how I should have been doing it all along."

That was my green light to pick up the tempo. I grabbed her hips and bore down hard on her sweet pussy. A steady slapping noise filled the room as our sweaty skin smacked together and my balls bounced between her thighs. She wasn't shy about telling me how much she was enjoying it.

"Fuck me, Joe. Yes ... yes ... do me ... like a dog. Like a bitch dog in heat ... fucking me from behind. That's the way, Joe. Oh, god, I can watch you doing me in the mirror ... ramming into me ... humping your little bitch. Mmmh, you're driving me crazy ... fucking me like that. I'm ... I'm getting close again, Joe. Don't slow down ... don't. Just keep fucking me ... hard."

Woah! Not the sweet, innocent Laurie Quinn I knew from before.

I wasn't accustomed to having intercourse with a condom, but thankfully it allowed me to last a lot longer than I would have with such a sexy first-time partner. I glanced in the mirror at our aggressive copulation, watching myself sink my cock into my little sister's friend, over and over. The frisson of that illicit pleasure sparked through my body. Maybe she should have been off-limits. Hah! I was well over that line by then. Laurie didn't seem to be having a problem with it.

"You're going to do it to me, Joe ... make me come again. Oh, this is so good, baby. Keep going ... don't stop ... don't stop ..."

I didn't. Laurie's second orgasm of the night shook her body, convulsing around my thrusting cock. She was much too far gone to hold my gaze. Her loud moaning was probably heard through the walls of the adjacent rooms. I kept up my steady rhythm until she signaled me to ease off.

"Ooh, my leg's starting to get a cramp. I gotta stand up now and stretch."

I carefully dismounted and helped her up. Once the cramp was resolved she had me sit down in the chair.

"You don't mind if I sit in your lap, do you? That was really good, Joe, but I need a few minutes to rest before going over to the bed. Why don't we be sweet to each other for a bit?"

We resumed our make-out session from the pool party, but adding the elements of nudity and privacy to the mix. My erection was parked between her thighs as we engaged in some very determined French kissing. As we cleared our heads I wondered about that burst of dirty talk that came from Laurie's mouth during our more passionate moments. What was going to happen once she was restrained and at my mercy?

"OK, Joe. I'm ready for the main event. I'll get on the bed, and you tie my hands behind me. You'll keep doing me doggie, won't you?"

This should be interesting.

I helped her over and quickly grabbed a scarf. Laurie lay face down as I slipped a pillow under her pelvis and positioned her hands behind her back.

"I'm keeping the scarf a little loose so you won't panic. Remember, you can curl up in a ball and bring your hands around in front if you feel trapped."

"It's OK. Actually I'm getting excited. Thinking about you doing me like this. With my hands tied."

I spread some more lube on my cock and instructed her to press her legs together. As I straddled her thighs the sight of a totally submissive nude woman with her hands bound behind her back gave me a strange feeling in my groin. Not just any woman, though, but little Laurie Quinn—all grown up, longtime close friend of my little sister Erin. Her professionally trimmed mane of hair was spread over her shoulders, just waiting to be grabbed and pulled hard.

"Make sure you use the 'baby hole'," she cautioned me.

Hah! Good one, Laurie. I remembered the embarrassing story about her college lover with poor aim down there.

She wanted to review how the safe-word system worked. "I want to be clear on this, mainly for your sake. I might have reactions that seem like I'm not enjoying it. Wanting you to stop, that kind of thing, but not really meaning it. You can play along, too, can't you?"

"I'll give it a try."

That was completely new territory for me, so I wasn't that sure about my role playing skills. What I was certain about was how aroused I felt and how much I wanted to be back inside her. I spread her ass cheeks and positioned my cockhead between her lips. The wetness from her last orgasm and the lube on my member allowed a smooth, easy entry—all the way in on the first stroke. I leaned over and grabbed her shoulders, pressing them firmly into the mattress, and began a steady, rigorous thrusting.

Laurie let out a loud yelp: half human, half animal. Wriggling and squirming as I laid into her. At first it was a groan or squeal each time I forcefully hit bottom on each stroke; but it wasn't long until her responses blended into long, keening cries as she futilely tried to resist my relentless pounding. Laurie gasped and moaned, as if she were trying to say something. She finally found her voice, pleading and sobbing as if she were actually in distress.

"No, Joe, no. Why are you doing this? Please untie me, please! Oh, I never should have shared a room with you. Stop, please. Let me go. I'm begging you, stop!"

Wow! Even though she had warned me about the role playing, I was still startled and taken aback. It sent a wicked, pleasurable tingling all through my genitals, hearing her pleading and seeing her struggle beneath me—even though I knew it was an act.

"Ohh, I didn't want something like this to happen. I thought we were just going to be friends. Not do awful, dirty things like this. I can't believe what you're making me do. I am so ashamed. What if my mother could see me like this? I want you to stop ... to stop ... oh ... oh, no ... no ... NO ..."

Laurie's body betrayed her, telling an entirely different story, exploding in an unexpectedly quick orgasm—her third of the evening. I kept driving my cock into her, making sure she got full satisfaction, barely slowing down as her intensity waned.

I was just getting into it, however. Out of nowhere a demon took over my consciousness, feeding me harsh words to whisper in her ear.

"Laurie, I should have been fucking you a long time ago. So why didn't I? It would have been real easy to bang you. If I had known you were such a dirty girl, I would have checked you out that summer after you graduated. Recently turned eighteen, officially a woman. Ready for me to teach you a few things before you started college. Just the two of us. But you were probably still a virgin, weren't you?"

I was shocked by my utterances. What was she turning me into? The role playing was intensifying the arousal burning between my legs. Laurie tried to fight back while I continued to drill into her sopping kitty.

"How can you talk to me like that? I knew you'd be trouble. Disrespectful. Cruel. My mother warned me to stay away from older men like you. Just wanting to violate me. Ruin my reputation. Take what's not yours, what should belong to my future husband."

"Quiet!" I growled, grabbing a fistful of her hair and yanking back.

"I know you can feel how hard my cock is, Laurie. I'm going to keep ramming it into your hot little pussy. The pussy I've been wanting to claim as mine. Thinking about it ... all ... day ... long. Fantasizing about what I'm actually doing to you right now. You bet I was thinking about this. While I was waiting for you to come pick me up this morning ... during our long drive over here ... out by the pool ... at dinner ... on the walk back. And now I've got you. You're helpless. I can fuck you as long and as hard as I want to, and you won't be able to stop me. Protest all you want, but your hands are tied—literally."

But protest she did: "Yellow!"

I halted my aggressive dirty talk and slowed the pace of my humping. "Laurie, what is it?"

"I'm OK, Joe, but ... but actually ... I want it rougher. Put your hand around my throat. Don't choke me, but let me know you're in charge."

Oh ... my ... god.

I reached for her soft, vulnerable neck. She turned her head to the side and asked me to do more.

"Now use your other hand to press my head into the pillow. Be firm, but make sure I can breathe. And put your weight on me. Scare me a little."

I did exactly as she said.

"OK, that's good. Perfect. I'm ready to go again now. Green!"

I certainly wasn't expecting the safe-word protocol to be used to add fuel to the fire. Was I still in control of what was happening? I began fucking her hard again, pressing her into the bed with my body. She had more to say about it.

"Oh, this is so wrong ... so wrong. If I had known you were going to do this to me ... I would never have let you come on this trip," she wailed. "Is this how you treat all women? Do you pay hookers to let you do this to them? Do you like doing this ... hurting me? Humiliating me? You're sick, you know that?"

Before she could say more, Laurie erupted in a sputtering, thrashing orgasm. Even with my full weight on her, I had trouble holding her down. She cursed and struggled as her climax raged deep inside her. I think it was her fourth, maybe? I had lost count by then.

Laurie eventually settled down although she still gulped and swallowed like someone who had nearly drowned.

"Oh, god! That felt so amazing. I can't believe it. I never, ever ... aaahh!"

I lifted myself off her body, untied her hands, and repositioned the pillows so she could be more comfortable and rest. I lay down beside her and held her close to me.

"Oh, Joe, that was so intense. Words fail me. You made me come four times tonight."

"So far ..."

"Oh, I'm done for the night. Two is a major accomplishment for me. Maybe a third sometimes, if I'm doing myself. But four! It's never like this with a man. They either don't know how to please me properly—or don't want to bother. But you ... reducing me to a babbling fool like this. And I can't believe you haven't come yet. As soon as I've had a chance to calm down, I promise to get to work on that. I owe you a nice one."

We joked around for awhile until Laurie asked how I felt about satisfying her fetish, whether I felt uncomfortable doing it.

"I made you do and say harsh things to me. I know you'd never treat a woman like that. You've been kind and playful with me since we reconnected at the river concert. It was selfish asking you to go against your better nature."

I stopped her right there. "Laurie, if I had sensed it would be a problem, I never would have agreed to come on the trip with you. I did it with open eyes. I still haven't fully processed my feelings yet. That may take a while. I can't be expected to do that so soon after it happens, but I can accept the role playing for what it is. Something that gets you hot and wild. That raw sexuality rubs off on me, too."

She seemed relieved when I explained how I felt. Soon we were back to our regular selves.

"You were right about one thing: we should have been doing it a long time ago." She raised her head and gave me a kiss. "You could have come to Austin and seduced me while I was at UT. But you would have spoiled me for other men, that's for sure."

"Well, I would have expected more than just a bedtime romp. Back then would you have gone out to Hippie Hollow at the lake with me and bared all, along with all the other nude sunbathers out there?"

"Absolutely not! But I might do it now, after our Falcon Rock experience the other day. Even considering the hordes of people out there at Hippie Hollow—or so I've been told. I think I could hold my head high, even if I ran into someone I knew."

We bantered back and forth for a few more minutes until it was my time to go sit in the chair. Laurie grabbed the bottle of lube and knelt before me.

"Are you ready to see stars?" she asked sweetly, peeling off the condom and squirting a big portion of lube in her hand. "This pump bottle is very convenient. And I like the way this lube feels, very natural."

She settled in and began a very slow hand job, looking into my eyes with an intense, provocative gaze. I assured her it wouldn't take that much effort to make me come. It drove me wild when she rubbed the end of my cock against her very stiff nipples.

"Mmm, you like that? When I rub my nipples on your cock? It feels real nice over here, too."

Clearly Laurie had absorbed a good repertoire of strokes and manipulations from her independent online research. What made me even hotter was seeing the lust and excitement in her eyes as she guided me ever so slowly to a massive climax.

She moved one hand behind my balls so she could stroke me at the very base of my erection while she massaged the swollen end of my cock with her other hand, teasing and swirling her fingers around the most sensitive parts.

"Oh, Laurie, Laurie ... that's so sweet ... you're really good at this. The way you're touching me ... aah! I wish this could go on forever ... I do. Please don't stop, baby. You're going to make me come so hard for you, real soon."

A sultry smile spread across her face. She leaned in and whispered to me.

"Hey, you want to try titty fucking me? Not only could I never do that before, but I didn't even know that was a thing couples did until I saw those videos."

We fumbled around trying to find a workable position. The solution was Laurie sitting in the armless chair from the writing desk and leaning back against the bed while I straddled her torso.

Laurie's cleavage wasn't voluminous, but it had just the right feel. Her hands were all over, pressing her boobs together with her palms while she teased my cock with her fingers and thumbs. I savored the sensations, knowing I couldn't last much longer. But Laurie wasn't done with her role playing. A wicked, taunting grin crossed her face as my shaft glided back and forth between her warm, soft breasts.

"This is the first time you've fucked one of your sister's friends, isn't it?"

The shocked expression on my face must have answered the question.

"Hah, I thought so! You probably never fantasized what it would have been like, you and me. Way back then, years ago ... together, doing it. No, you wouldn't have. Not someone who hung out with your bratty little sister. You barely acknowledged me, even when I was old enough for you, right after I graduated high school.

"Mmm, but I thought about it. I thought about it a lot. Whenever I was naughty, playing with myself, down below. Alone, in the dark, fingers between my legs. Wondering how I could make you pay attention to me, to want me that way. I would dream I was flirting with you, teasing you and leading you on. Wearing tight, revealing clothing. Letting you know I was all grown up and ready for it."

My head was spinning. Was this more of her role playing? Or was it a true confession?

"I don't want to admit how long that's been. When I dreamed about letting you be my first, wondering how it would feel, if it would hurt. All those times, imagining you on top of me, showing me what a real woman does in bed with a man."

My god, she was a natural at this! I couldn't believe what I was hearing. From introverted, awkward, demure Laurie Quinn, no less. My impending orgasm flared hotter than a kitchen fire.

"You'd make sure no one was around, then slip into my room quietly. I'd be startled and scared ... but my slit would start getting wet immediately. You'd lock the door, slowly walk toward me with an ominous, hungry look in your eyes and throw me down on the bed. Pushing my skirt up, promising me how good it would feel. Ripping my little white cotton undies in your uncontrollable haste. Whispering to me, telling me to be quiet, roughly covering my mouth with your hand. Then shoving your hard man cock between my virgin pussy lips, the harsh stab of pain as you deflowered me. Your body heavy on mine, your thick meat plunging into me, splitting me open, over and over, your sweat dripping in my face. Moaning, getting close, telling me how good my pussy felt.

"Then you'd howl like a jungle beast as you dumped your hot seed in me, not caring if I had protection or not. So consumed with lust that you couldn't stop yourself, damn the consequences. And afterward making me promise not to tell anyone, threatening me if I did. Of course once wouldn't be enough, would it, Joe? You'd keep coming back for more, taking advantage of me, using me, oblivious to the risks. Saying you couldn't stop, you had to have just one more taste of my sweet young pussy."

That did it.

My orgasm exploded ferociously, cum spewing everywhere: streaking across her cheeks, splashing against her chin, dribbling down her neck, oozing between her breasts and pooling at her throat. Neither of us could keep quiet: shouting and cursing, moaning and grunting. Our sexual energy combined and clashed—like two cats fighting as they fell out of a tree. My ejaculation was intense, each contraction releasing sweet, hot pleasure all through my core.

I felt lightheaded as I fell forward, grabbing the back of the chair. Laurie's mouth and eyes were agape, disbelieving. Her hands were raised, all ten fingers spread wide and covered with cum.

"Holy shit, Joe! That's the biggest, the hottest, the most ..." She struggled to catch her breath. "I made that happen? Fuck! I can't believe it."

Laurie realized that her face, among other places, had been directly in the line of fire. She carefully guided a dollop of cum away from her eyelid.

"I guess tonight I was ready for a nasty facial and didn't know it. Wow!"

I brought the chair back upright as she surveyed my extensive emissions, dripping from her chin and sliding down her breasts. She looked at me innocently.

"Did you come, dear?"

Hah! I've always thought sex is better when it's seasoned with humor.

I offered to get something to clean her up. I staggered to the bathroom and brought back a warm, wet washcloth. She had borne the brunt of my ejaculation, so it was the least I could do.

"Thank you, Joe, but I need a mirror to do this. There's way too much. You really wet me down."

I helped her up, and she trotted to the bathroom to take care of the mess I made. I slowly followed, very unsteady in my gait. Laurie was still wiping a few more globs of cum from her neck when I walked in. I put my arms around her waist as we looked in the mirror.

Laurie reached for her hair brush but got a very worried look on her face. She choked back a sob and lowered her head.

"What is it, Laurie? Are you OK?"

I became alarmed as she continued to hang her head down and gaze into the sink, trying not to cry.

"Laurie ...?"

She turned toward me, threw her arms around my neck, and buried her face against me. Her body trembled and heaved as she struggled to compose herself.

"Joe, I'm scared. I ... I don't know what it was that took over my body ... while you were inside me. It felt so intense ... how much I liked being tied up and being treated roughly. What if I can't have good sex without that? What if I need more than what we did tonight, more elaborate or painful or degrading?"

I tilted her head up and wiped a tear from her cheek. I kissed her softly and caressed her face. I slowly turned her around to face the mirror and picked up the hair brush. She lowered her head again and covered her breasts with her hands. I lifted up a handful of her long hair and began brushing at the ends.

I'm not sure why I did it. I certainly didn't head to the bathroom thinking I would start doing that, but her emotions were so strong and turbulent I felt compelled to offer something soothing and gentle. It was one of those moments when the body acts independently of the mind.

Minutes passed. I found the grooming of her hair to be peaceful and calming. I hoped she did as well. Confusing emotions swirled around my head. The brush glided through her hair, her beautiful hair. Constrained and hidden from the world by day. Freed only at night, in private, before she drifts off to sleep. But tonight she shared its expansive loveliness with me. Hair that now slipped sensuously between my fingers as I slowly worked my way upward.

An almost imperceptible humming noise began emanating from deep inside her, low and primal, like a purring feline. I continued to brush—long, languorous strokes. Her hair, smooth and untangled, draped across her bare shoulders. Laurie made the first response since I started brushing. She lowered her hands and reached back, moving them slowly around my hips, pulling me closer to her, nestling my spent cock in the cleft of her ass. She looked up and met my gaze in the mirror, eyes dreamy and thankful. Words finally came to me.

"Laurie, what we did tonight ... it took an immense amount of trust on your part. I feel honored that you chose me to help explore your sensuality. To find out who you are and how to release that passion."

I continued to draw the brush through her hair, shiny and straight, down her back, as we looked at each other in the mirror.

"Here's what I think. What you felt tonight, what caused you to burn brightly in the most inner core of your body and mind ... it's the natural state for you. It may not be for some women. Or other women may need a more intense, painful version. These feelings may not have been right for you at other times in your life ... or with other men. But it's the right thing for you now ... with me. Someone you can trust to take the journey with you ... to explore with you, to protect you, to soothe you."

Heaven knows where those thoughts and words came from. I set the brush down on the counter. Laurie turned around and placed her hands on my cheeks and kissed me gently. We fell into a deep, heartfelt embrace. The feelings and emotions that passed between us were impossible to describe. She spoke softly to me.

"Joe? Will you promise me ... that tonight won't be the only time you brush my hair like you just did? It was the sweetest emotional sedative, calming my raging fears. I've never felt anything like that before, so peaceful. Even if I'm not in that same frightened place I was in just now? I won't need or expect it all the time. You'll be able to tell when I do. You have that ability. To get that close ... well, not just close but all the way ... all the way inside my head."

I don't think either of us were expecting something that profound when we embarked on our little road trip. Just some fun, some sex, more fun, more sex, come home, say goodbye. We hugged and caressed each other for a long time, standing there in the bathroom. The same bathroom where we found ourselves winding down not long afterward, simultaneously brushing our teeth and spitting into adjacent sinks. It seemed so banal, each of us a little wary of revealing our individual, quirky pre-bedtime rituals. After all, we may have soared high together, exploring intense emotional ebbs and flows and sexual pleasures; but it was the first time that we found ourselves sharing a bathroom overnight. With someone you've never had a sleepover with before. How could that not feel weird?

Laurie pulled her panties back on and donned a sexy mid-thigh nightie. I complemented her choice of lingerie. She seemed a little self-conscious wearing it, probably for the first time. And certainly the first time standing next to a naked man she'd just had sex with.

I put on a t-shirt and my boxers. No way could I compete with the sartorial talents of an upscale department store's personal stylist. We slipped under the covers and turned off the lights. The French doors to the balcony were left open slightly. The sounds of the pool party and street traffic several stories below were gradually fading into the night. I wondered what kind of sexual activities were on the agenda before breakfast. Laurie started the conversation.

"Joe, will you still be here in the morning? Or will you sneak out and take the bus back home? Are you really OK with everything that happened tonight?"

Not only did I reassure her, but I asked what her pleasures would be when she woke up. She was a little slow to answer, still not certain about where my feelings lay.

"I want to be on my back next time. Both hands and feet tied down. Can you wake up first and start tying me up, while I'm still groggy? I'd like to try some more role playing, too. It doesn't have to follow the same script, but you still would be dominant over me."

I decided it wasn't too early to slip into that role.

"All that's up to me. You won't have a say. In any of it. Now go to sleep. You're going to need it."

Laurie moved over and pressed her body against mine. Her hand stroked my face.

"Thank you, Joe. I feel so safe with you. At rest, lying here. Or under your control. And giving you pleasure, too. It feels good when we work together, when it flows both ways. I had no idea how things would play out when I first decided to take you up on your offer. Or when I planned this road trip. I'm sure it's a lot for both of us to think about. But I'm glad we're here tonight, you and me."

I answered her with a tender kiss. I rolled her over on her back and let my kisses and caresses flow over her whole body, through her thin negligée and on her bare skin. I was very thorough. Moments later we were both asleep.


The Morning After:

I awoke next morning to dark skies and pouring rain hammering against the rooftop. I got up and closed the French doors to the balcony and pulled the curtains together, leaving a small crack to let in some light.

The hotel bed didn't offer any way to tie Laurie's feet, so I moved over both of the heavy armchairs to see if that would work. I decided to try out the neckties I brought and fastened one to each chair and carefully peeled back the bedcovers. As I was securing her second foot, Laurie awoke.

"Is it still the same safe words?"

I grabbed her upper arm roughly. "If you don't behave and do what I tell you, I'm going to gag you. And I'm not joking."

Laurie's face was flush with excitement. "I'm already wet."

Before I bound her second hand, I decided to try something.

"I want to see you finger your pussy. Like you were telling me about last night. When you were a teenager, imagining how it would be for me to fuck you. Now that you know how that feels, show me how you're going to touch yourself the next time you're alone, thinking about what we did this weekend."

She hesitated, discomfort crossing her face. I sat next to her on the bed and pulled her panties down to her thighs.

"Go ahead. It'll get me real hot watching you play with yourself."

Her hand moved toward her pussy but stopped at her mound.

"I ... I've never done it like this. With a man watching me. You couldn't actually see me do it the other night, with my hand in my pants."

"OK, let me give you some inspiration. Get you started."

I pulled down my boxers, freeing my already stiff cock. I put one knee on the bed next to her and began slowly jacking myself off. "See how easy it is? Now do what I say. Start fingering your kitty."

She moaned and slipped a finger between her labia. I could hear the wetness that was already seeping out of her. I watched Laurie frig herself, eyes mostly closed, but occasionally observing my hand move slowly up and down on my shaft, summoning long strands of precum that drooled down onto her hip. It didn't take long for her to begin moaning and squirming, pushing herself toward a release. I waited until she got a little closer before grabbing her free hand.

"No! Why did you stop me? I was almost there."

"You're not understanding how this works. You don't get to come unless I let you. I'm taking over now. I'd better finish tying you up."

I knotted the necktie on her wrist and fastened it to the headboard. I picked up a fifth one and fashioned it into a blindfold. Laurie seemed surprised I was taking her sense of sight away.

"Please don't do that. You never said anything about blindfolding me. You don't need to. Please, Joe, I'll do whatever you want. Don't."

I assumed her objections were role playing, but who knows. "No, you don't get to watch. You're totally at my mercy. I decide what I'm going to do to you. And you won't be able to see what's coming next." I tied the blindfold snugly around her head.

Next I reached under the bed and retrieved the little satin pouch with the vibrator in it. I set it on the mattress and pushed her nightie up, exposing her breasts. Laurie trembled with yearning—and maybe a little fear. Blindness is a powerfully frightening sensation, especially at the hands of a new sexual partner. One who knows you like it rough.

For starters I leaned over her body and began soothing, gentle caresses everywhere. Laurie sighed and stretched as my hands touched her all over, from her face down to her feet. After several minutes of manual foreplay, I squirted some lube on my fingers and spread it on her sensitive nipples, rubbing and tweaking them to their fully erect state, one hand on each breast.

"Oh, baby. That's so sexy. Perfect. Mmm, I'm tingling all the way down to my pussy. You can pinch them harder and pull on them." I wasn't sure I should be taking requests from the sub, but I did it anyway.

Next I slid the vibrator from it pouch and lubed the tip generously. As soon as the soft buzzing started, Laurie flinched with surprise. I let it run for a minute to build her anticipation before touching one nipple. That got a big reaction. I reached over with my free hand and began tweaking her other nipple. The lube at the tip of the vibrator allowed me to circle around on her areolas or across her nipples or even other parts of her breast. I used my other hand to either mimic what I was doing with the vibe or perform an altogether different type of breast stimulation, switching back and forth between both breasts.

It was time to move down below. I pressed the button on the side of the vibe to select a different pulsing pattern. There hadn't been time for me to check out all its various capabilities beforehand, but it seemed all the extra modes would benefit a woman's more complex path to an orgasm. I pressed the tip gently on her mound, right above her clit. Laurie let out a long moan when the vibe touched her. She became frantic once my fingers began teasing her labia. She was incredibly wet. I watched her body twist and pull against the restraints.

"Oh, fuck, Joe! What are you doing to me? I've never felt anything like this before. Please put your fingers in me, in my pussy. I need something to squeeze on."

Soon, Laurie, soon. I promise. But I had other plans for her right then. I moved the vibe to where I could manipulate her clitoral hood with the tip, pressing down and moving it from side to side. I could feel the root of her clit jump back and forth under the vibe. When I eventually pushed my fingers past her opening, she made enough noise to make me worry about the guests in the next room. I brushed those concerns aside as I let my two middle fingers slide all the way in.

I used a very slow in and out motion, making sure I crooked my fingers upward so I could press hard against her g-spot on the outstroke. For variety I would move the vibe away from her clit from time to time, evoking moans of protest from the bound and blindfolded woman thrashing on the bed. The next time I touched her with the vibe, I began a rapid left to right motion on her hood. The results were immediate.

"Aaah, fuck! I'm coming, Joe. Now ... now ... oh god!"

Watching Laurie's climax lurch through her body gave me intensely pleasurable sensations, deep inside my prostate. My cock was rock hard, leaking precum everywhere, dripping down on her bare skin. I slowly eased off on my manipulations as her orgasm receded, shutting off the vibe and carefully withdrawing my fingers from her pussy. They were slick with her juices. I leaned over and held them close to her face.

"Your cum is all over my fingers. I know you can smell it. Remember on movie night, when you were shocked to see me suck on your fingers after you frigged yourself? Well, today you can't see me, but I'm putting my fingers in my mouth so I can taste your cum. But I know you can hear me suck your nectar from them. Mmm, I love the way you taste, Laurie. How did that feel last night when I knelt in front of you and kissed you between your legs? I doubt if it took very long for you to realize why you had to be tied down while I did that."

I let Laurie catch her breath while I sat there licking my fingers clean, silently planning my next move. After waiting several minutes I flicked the vibrator back on. The sound caused her to lurch with excitement. I pushed the selector button to try another pattern. The next one produced a strong pulse repeating about every second

I slid the vibe in her pussy and matched my thrusting with the tempo of the stronger pulse, letting the maximum stimulation occur when I pushed up against her g-spot on the outstroke. I used my free hand to grope and squeeze her breasts.

"Oh, Joe ... Joe ... mmmh! That's perfect, honey. Keep doing that ... please ... yes ... please."

As Laurie got closer to her second orgasm, I surprised her when I placed my hand on her throat, softly at first. As the vibe slid in and out of her pussy, I leaned over to apply the coup de grace, letting my tongue tickle her clit.

Laurie's body tensed up, straining against her bonds, a steady stream of incoherent babbling signaling she was seconds from the end. I tightened my grip on her throat. Her whole body shuddered when her climax boiled over, and a strangled wail pierced the early morning quiet.

A few minutes went by before I slowly loosened each necktie from her limbs, removing the blindfold last. I lay down beside her and took her in my arms. I could hear the faint purring noise she made the night before when I was brushing her hair. Our cuddling lasted for a long time before she looked up at me.

"Joe, I had no idea sex could feel so good. None ... never ... at all."

Once she recovered, Laurie looked up at me: "Should we stay here another night and just keep going with this? When's your flight back?"

"Sunday. But I'd have to return to Erin's and get the rest of my things and birthday presents first."

"Then I've got the perfect plan. Today's Wednesday. We drive back later this afternoon. You can do family stuff for two days, and we can come back here Saturday and spend one more night together. Does that work for you?"

"Absolutely. I was planning on taking the bus back to the airport early Sunday. I wouldn't ask Erin to make the round-trip drive a second time."

"It'll give us a day or two to recover before we start in again. Speaking of ... I'll bet you'd like to have a nice orgasm before we go down to breakfast. Can you do me missionary? That's one we haven't tried yet."

I was more than happy to oblige. Laurie instructed me to sit at the edge of the bed so she could get on her knees and bring me to full length again. As her loosened hair grazed against my thighs, she eagerly lapped up the precum that had been leaking everywhere. I was hard as stone in no time.

I grabbed the bottle of lube and handed her a condom. She held it in her hand but didn't open it. Laurie sat down on the bed and rested her hand on my leg. We both stared at the unopened foil packet until she turned to me.

"No, I don't want to use one. Not this time. I want to feel you. All of you. The heat of your cock. As it slides in and out of my pussy. And I want to feel you come in me. Usually I can't tell when a man finishes inside, but I know that won't happen with you. I've seen how strong your ejaculation is. I saw it at my place when you jerked yourself on me. And last night. I've seen how much you come, too. I want you to do that inside me this time."

I was frozen with dread—and lust. Not the first time I'd heard a speech like that from a woman. Erin's warnings were ringing in my ears.

"Joe, I haven't had a period in six months. Nowadays I even forget to keep a tampon in my purse sometimes. I don't know if I'm on track for the official one year mark of infertility or whether I'm going to bleed all over the car seat on the way home. I'll respect your decision if you say 'no,' but there's that Plan B pill I can take this morning, after we're done. As close as the corner drugstore. No prescription necessary."

I didn't need much convincing. I don't think I ever wanted to fuck and come inside a woman as much as I did Laurie right then.

"OK, bareback it is. I trust you. What did you say before? You don't want to be putting a child through college while you're on Social Security."

"Something like that." She smiled and squirted some lube in her hand and began fingering herself.

"This is great stuff, very natural feeling. It's not all sticky like all the others. Where did you get this?"

"It's from Europe. But it can be hard to find sometimes."

Laurie added some more lube to her hand and spread it all over my cock with a languid stroking motion. She leaned back and eyed my slick member as it pointed upward, twitching with eagerness.

"Is that good?"

"Perfect. Now lie back and take me inside you."

As I positioned myself over her supine body, Laurie reached down and grasped my erection with one hand and guided it between her legs. She began to move the tip around, letting it tease her sensitive parts. Her other hand caressed my cheek as she whispered to me.

"Joe, I can feel how hot your cockhead is when I rub it on my clit. Damn, that's sexy. Feeling your animal heat on my nub. And all over my pussy lips. I'm so glad we're doing it this way. I swear, you can trust me. Oh, that feels so good when I let it slip in for a second."

When she couldn't take the teasing any longer, Laurie positioned my glans just inside her vagina, raised her pelvis, and grabbed both my ass cheeks.

"I want you inside me now, Joe. There you go. Oh, nice ... nice and hard. All the way in. Aaah, you fill me up so good."

She placed her hands on my face and offered a dainty kiss with just a hint of tongue. Once I began a slow prodding movement down below, the kiss became more insistent.

We had a leisurely, gentle fuck. Face to face, in the light of day. Other than my being on top, there was no domination or role playing. But that didn't mean we were mute.

"Oh, Joe, this is how it should be. Mmm, I love feeling you in me like this. No barriers, your skin against mine. That's what was missing."

I was resting on my forearms, which were under her shoulders so I could hold her closer to me. I ran my fingers through her lovely hair spread out on the pillow and grazed my thumbs against the sensitive spots on her neck and ears.

"Oh, Joe, I never realized how important the emotional connection is. And you've taught me so much. Mmmh, I just love the way you're fucking me, honey."

I felt my own emotions swerving out of their usual ruts, spinning off toward unpredictable places. The sadness and loneliness that drove me to speak to Laurie that first day in the market ... completely gone. Transformed into the sublime, warm comfort of her body beneath me and her wet pussy welcoming my cock inside her, stroke after stroke.

"Laurie, I have a confession. When you took off your swimsuit up on Falcon Rock, I started getting hard. It was a struggle to think of other things to make that go away. And it happened more than once. You did a number on me. I wasn't expecting that."

"Really? Do you know how that makes me feel? Knowing my naked body had that effect on you."

"Laurie, your naked body is having quite the effect on me right now. It's so sexy sliding in and out of you. I'm real close to coming."

"Oh, I want to make you come, Joe. I think I can come again, too. That's the effect you're having on me. Keep talking dirty, look in my eyes when you come. That should do it."

The sensuality of our intercourse was overwhelming. The gentle rocking rhythm of our bodies as the rain fell on the roof. The feel of her thighs around my hips, pulling me toward her, urging my penis to penetrate her deeply. Her hands seemingly everywhere: caressing my face, grasping my hair, rubbing my shoulders, gliding over my ass. The sensations of our bareback fuck were breathtaking; I knew I'd come a lot sooner than the night before.

"Laurie, I get super aroused when you let me eat you out. I loved doing that for you last night. I knew I wanted to do that again to you as soon as I woke up. Once today might not be enough. I'll let you think about that."

"Mmmh, I love hearing you talk to me like that. It makes me so hot knowing what my body can do to you. Getting your cock hard and aroused. Making you want to shove it in and fuck me. Doing whatever you want to me. Not wanting to stop until you're satisfied. Like an animal."

Laurie seemed like she was on the brink of losing it.

"Oh, Joe, I'm getting real close. Do you want to come in me now, baby? Can we do it together? Look in my eyes when you're ready to shoot in me."

"Laurie, you have the most beautiful dark blue eyes. I'm mesmerized by them. I always have been. You don't have to ask me to look at them. I'm always looking at them. Fuck ... here it comes ... I'm going to pump my cum in you any second now."

"Do it, Joe. Do it. Come in me."

Laurie raised up her legs and grabbed behind her knees, pulling them all the way back to her shoulders, tilting her pelvis upward. I remembered reading somewhere that was the optimal position for a woman to conceive in, but I was too far gone to care. We looked intensely at each other, faces close, our breathing frantic, both our bodies ready to release the primal pleasure that was building where we were joined below.

"I want it now, Joe. Let me have it. Deep inside me, honey."

Her wish came true. Wave upon wave of intense sexual fire throbbed throughout my groin as strong contractions emptied a huge load of hot cum directly into her willing pussy. The risky act of ejaculating into an unprotected womb gave me an extra thrill. My excitement was no match for hers, however.

"Oh, fuck, Joe. It's so sexy when you look at me like that. Oh, I can feel it! I can feel you coming in me! It's so hot ... so hot. Oh, it makes me crazy. I'm so close, Joe. Almost there. Don't stop. Oh, Joe ... Joe ... you're making me come now. Oh, it's perfect. Both of us together. What you do to me. Oh, fuck me ... fuck me, baby, fuck me!"

I could feel strong, rhythmic squeezes around my shaft as Laurie's orgasm rippled through her body. Her head thrashed from side to side, and her fingernails raked my back. She gasped for breath between loud, guttural moans. Feeling her climax commence as mine was in full blast was something special, truly emotional. I was too overwhelmed to say anything at first, but I finally found the words.

"Oh, Laurie, honey. That felt so intense. Coming in you like that. Having you underneath me. Making you come. God, you're sexy!"

"Mmm, sweetie. I loved feeling your weight on me when you came. And the way you spurted inside me. Feeling your hot semen splash against the most private place in my body."

We held each other tightly while we remained in our coital position. Several minutes passed before I reluctantly raised my torso and slowly extracted myself from Laurie's warmth. A trickle of cum leaked out of her, prompting me to lean down and clean it off with my tongue. She squealed with surprise, so I drew my tongue slowly around her newly shaved lips, knowing they must be sensitive and feverish from her recent orgasm.

"Oh, Joe. You're kissing and licking my pussy all over. No one's ever done that after coming in me."

I flopped down beside Laurie. We held hands and stared at the ceiling while the rain continued to fall, slowly recovering from the red hot fuck we just gave each other.

* * *

Laurie and I eventually pulled ourselves together and headed downstairs for breakfast in the hotel restaurant. We were mostly quiet, each processing our thoughts. We swapped stories about Erin and joked about what happened the last time we went to our respective high school reunions. An hour later we decided to power walk the Katy Trail to get in the exercise we skipped the day before—other than the rowdy sex. Laurie had been on the trail before, but it was new to me.

"It's 3.5 miles one way, plus a mile from here to the trailhead in Victory Park. If we can make it back to Blackburn Street, we can hop on the M-Line trolley back to the hotel. It should take us about an hour—assuming you don't slow me down," she teased.

Fortunately the rain had let up for awhile. We stopped at a drug store on our way so Laurie could get a Plan B One-Step pill. She calmly opened one of the bottles of water we were buying and swallowed it down while we were checking out. The female clerk gave us a disapproving look. I was shocked when I saw what they charged for one pill.

"You could buy a lot of condoms for what that cost."

"Actually, for what it does, it's cheap. Heck, some people would pay twice as much or more if they really needed one. Time for me to go back on the mini-pill."

* * *

Damn, I thought I was in pretty good shape; but I had a hard time keeping up with Laurie's pace on the trail, even though her legs are shorter. I realized she was more acclimated to the oppressive humidity that rarely plagues Southern California. In fact it was so humid that the skies opened up again on our way back, just before we got to the outer reaches of the M-Line. Our clothes were already damp from the exercise, so we laughed as we made our way in the downpour to the trolley stop. A few minutes later a heritage streetcar—formerly from Melbourne, Australia—lumbered to a halt. The motorman asked, "What are you two lovebirds doing out in the rain?"

Back in our room we were giddy with exhaustion as we stripped off our wet clothes and jumped in the shower. It didn't take long for us to start kissing and getting frisky with each other. My soapy hands were all over her breasts, something I had been looking forward to as soon as she mentioned the road trip that night at FunLand. Laurie was eager to reciprocate. Her hands slipped down to cradle my cock and balls.

"I want to do something for you," she said sweetly.

How nice, I thought, but I never would have guessed what she had planned for me—never.

"Turn around and put your hands on the wall. Yep, both of them," she demanded. "Now spread your legs some more so I can get my hand down there."

I felt her wet body press against me from behind. Her breasts flattened against my back as she slipped one hand between my legs and began massaging my balls. She teased me like this for several minutes while her other hand soaped around my waist and thighs. My cock rose up proudly, yearning for her touch. It finally happened: her fingers fondling the tip, then sweeping down in a twisting motion, letting her palm and fingers stimulate the entire surface of my penis, knob to base.

"I want you to come for me one more time, Joe. Before we leave. Don't worry about getting me off. This is all about you. Me giving to you, nothing expected in return. Not right now anyway. You can plan what you're going to do to me later. Let's consider this a highway safety measure."

A what?

"I want you to have your mind on your driving on the way back, OK? Not on what I look like naked in the shower right now, all soapy and wet. Or face down on the bed with my hands tied behind my back as you sink your cock into my hot little twat."

Oh, my god!

"Does this feel nice, the way I'm touching you? As nice as that titty fuck I gave you last night? When you drenched me with your cum?"

Laurie, what are you doing to me? Who said you could be the "top?" My orgasm rose quickly, fueled by the raw spontaneity of her sexual aggression. As surprised as I was about her unsolicited hand job, what came next completely blew me away. Laurie's voice changed to an odd timbre I hadn't heard before. She whispered close to my ear.

"I want you to pretend it's someone other than me doing this to you. You can't see who's behind you now. It could be whoever you want it to be. Let your fantasies run wild, like you were stroking yourself at home. Just let yourself go. You can think about anyone ... a co-worker ... or the wife of someone you know ... or an old girlfriend you used to have hot sex with. One you still masturbate to. I won't mind."

My breathing became labored and irregular. My groin sizzled with the energy of the approaching climax she was steadily urging from my cock. As she massaged behind my balls, her hand moved in a way that also grazed against my rosebud in back. Was that intentional? Who knows what all she learned while she had my tablet at her house. Her surprise sex play was so disorienting that I was actually unable to picture anyone. She must have read my mind.

"I know you've probably thought about fucking Terri Unger. What she'd look like after you've undressed her. I'm sure you have. Nothing to be ashamed of. I want you to think about her right now. What she'd look like riding your cock, her big tits bouncing around. Remember the selfie we saw the other night, the one I said looked like her? Standing in the bathroom? Think about that, how hot she'd look naked, ready to get in the shower with you. It could be her stroking your cock right now."

"Ahhhh ...!"

My climax was so strong I thought the force of my ejaculation might damage the tiles on the shower wall. Laurie watched the results of her handiwork spewing out.

"Oh, yeah, Joe! That's what I want to see. Your whole body quivering while I jerk the spunk out of you. So many spurts ... so much cum. Ooh, I can feel the contractions behind your balls while you're shooting out. Mmmh! God, this makes me feel like one special woman."

As soon as the last few spasms shuddered through my body, she fell silent. Still pressed against me from behind, still milking the last of the semen from my penis. The rush of the shower drowned out the heavy breathing that overtook both of us. What just happened? Talk about a blindside!

Laurie moved in front of me and put her arms around my neck. We kissed passionately, then gently, both hoping the warm water would last a little while longer.

"Joe, I thought of something you can do for me now. Dry me off when we get out. I want you to do it softly. Let me know how much you like to take care of me, of my body. Make me sigh."

My mission, if I choose to accept it—which I did. It wasn't that hard to make her sigh, actually. The nice, thick, luxury hotel towels made it easy. I derived great enjoyment from the task, drawing it out as long as I could. Laurie handed me her deodorant and raised her arms above her head. The list of things I'd never done before with a woman grew longer.

She bent over and had me ruff up her hair with the towel before she reached for the hotel dryer.

"While I finish my hair, can you rub that body lotion on my skin? All over, from my neck on down. I'll do my arms later. It's that light green tube over there."

I started down at her feet and worked my way up. It was reminiscent of the sunscreen I rubbed into her the day before out by the pool—with some very critical differences. I was thorough, determined not to miss a spot, lingering on her breasts a little longer than I needed to.

While I got dressed, I watched Laurie slip into a pair of lacy panties and matching bra. She pulled a scoop neck t-shirt in a creamy coral color over her head and put her hair up in a high ponytail. A gauzy off-white linen skirt and her Kate Spade sandals followed. It was time to check out.

Laurie wanted to do a round of shopping before we left. Oddly, I didn't feel bored and fidgety while I followed her from store to store. We headed back on the trolley, chatting away about many things except what was running through my mind right then: the hand job in the shower and her insistence that I think about her friend Terri as I climaxed. I seriously doubt I would ever exhort her to pretend some other guy was finger fucking her while I had my hand in her pussy—it just didn't compute. Perhaps one of those mysterious differences between men and women: what makes sense to one gender doesn't to the other. For the time being I let it go. Not worth worrying about unless it started coming up regularly.


On the Way Home:

After loading our things into the Crown Vic, I slipped behind the wheel. We pulled out of Dallas just before sunset. Laurie and I had a subdued discussion on the way back, both tiptoeing around the "what if I like it too much" topic at first.

"The estate sale is next week. Then the house goes on the market. I can come visit you after that. I've only been to L.A. once, when I was a little girl. We went to Disneyland. That was when my father was still alive."

I had a similar story, having been to D.C. on a youth trip many years ago. I was anxious to go back and have Laurie show me around. A whole different experience when you're an adult.

She was the first to break the silence on what we'd been avoiding.

"Joe, I'll go first: I liked it. I liked what we did this weekend. I liked it a lot. I liked it enough that I don't want to stop. Maybe I'm unwilling to admit I liked it too much, but I want to do it for real instead of for practice."

She looked over at me to gauge my reaction.

"Laurie, thanks for being brave enough to blurt that out. It's exactly what I've been thinking all morning. From the time I got up until right now. Those test kitchen recipes were mighty tasty. I'm ready to start in on full servings."

She sighed and touched my hand. "Too bad we're bicoastal. We know we can't do that forever."

"You're right. Either it'll be that good where one of us wants to move—or it won't. We're both adults. We see romantic opportunities closing off. It's not like we're in our twenties anymore. It's always possible that one side will be more invested than the other."

"Well, that can happen when you live in the same city," she remarked. "Let's jump in together and see where it goes. I'm sure the bicoastal thing will be exciting and adventurous—for awhile anyway."

"I'm game. Until the money for airfare runs out."

Laurie laughed. "Or the vacation days. But right now I'm thinking about our return trip to Dallas in three days and those 'full servings' we promised each other."

She scooted over to give me a hug. She added a kiss, slid back into her seat, and turned around to watch the sunset.

During our silence a new worry crept into my head. How would Erin take this? Since it was just we two siblings growing up, our dynamic was simple: big brother teased little sister, big brother ignored little sister. I never stopped to think she went through the same schools I did, often having the same teachers, being asked constantly if she was Joe's younger sister. Always having to compete with my accomplishments and reputation.

It was only later in life that I came to realize that she always looked up to me for approval although I had never noticed before. What if she thought Laurie was taking me away from her? Would she fear losing Laurie as a friend if we broke up? Would she be forced to take sides if the split was messy? This was a complication I hadn't considered before. There were no easy answers to those questions.

Laurie turned back around in her seat. "It's beautiful. The sunset. Can you see it in the rearview mirror?"

Not as well as she could, but that was OK. My turn to drive. There would be more sunsets for us to enjoy together.

Another half-hour down the road I looked over and smiled. It was almost dark by then, and Laurie was getting drowsy. She rested her head against the window and brought her legs up under her on the seat. All of a sudden her posture triggered an intense flashback, from over thirty years ago. Back when my mother also drove a Ford Crown Victoria.

It was the summer after my freshman year at college. I was excited about the big music festival coming up in August near Dallas; but I had no extra money to afford the expensive tickets, not even for one day. Out of nowhere an unlikely solution presented itself.

I had stumbled into our kitchen around 9:00 on a Saturday. My mother was enjoying probably her third cup of coffee as she neared completion on the crossword puzzle in front of her.

"Breakfast was over an hour ago, sleepyhead. You're on your own."

I cobbled together some cinnamon toast, cold cereal, and orange juice and joined her. She filled in the last few squares of the puzzle and looked up.

"I've got a proposal for you. I know you've been talking nonstop about that pop festival later this summer. And I know you don't have the money to go. But you're in luck. I'll buy you a ticket. Just one day, you choose which one. All I need is a favor from you."

I about jumped out of my pajamas when I heard this. I'd do just about anything to get that ticket. Little did I know what the favor was going to be.

"Your sister and her friends want to go to a concert later this month in Fort Worth. All the parents have tentatively OKed this as long as a responsible adult drives them there and back and chaperones them during the concert. This means sitting next to them during the entire show. No smoking, no drinking, no pot, no nothing. Not you and certainly not them. You're eighteen now, supposedly an adult. Let's see if you can live up to that label. I've got several more ground rules, but let's hear what you have to say first."

My heart sank. It was some silly boy band shit they wanted to see. Erin played their crappy music constantly, had their posters on the wall of her room, and sang along with them on the radio. Insidious little sister behavior designed to drive me nuts. And now I was going to have to sit through an entire concert of this? I was torn. Mugging some stranger for his wallet seemed like a better option.

"Sure, Mom," I said meekly. "When is it?"

The girls were twelve; they had just finished the seventh grade. I dreaded the whole enterprise, but I had a self-centered mission to accomplish. I tried to focus on the end goal, the hipper music I wanted to see at the festival.

The day of the concert my mother sent me to gas up the Crown Vic and get it washed. Afterward I stood by sullenly as Terri, Fran, and Laurie piled into the massive rear seat and my sister got in front. They were all typical middle school girls, not quite out of their tomboy phase, with bruises and cuts and scrapes. And not ready for the changes that nature would impose upon their bodies and emotions in a few short years—or months.

Erin was turned around in her seat the entire way over to Fort Worth. All four were squealing and bouncing around with excitement. I refused to play the band's cassette, so they started to sing the songs a capella. Their pitch was so far off that I quickly realized it would be better to have them sing along with the music, so I relented. I informed them I was going to pick the music on the way back—no arguments. On the long drive I steeled myself for sitting through several hours of sappy songs, lame dance moves, and screaming tweens.

The girls had been put on notice: if anyone stepped out of line, I would cut it short and take all four of them home. They were still young enough to buckle under to a threat like that, even if I wasn't a real grown-up. Somehow I made it through the whole concert without a meltdown. I tried to cope the best I could during the show, with my headphones and little portable cassette player, listening to the groups I would be seeing at the festival. I thought the end would never arrive; but there we were, hours later, staggering out into the muggy night air. Trying to find my mother's car in the dark, not sure where we had parked in the vast, unfamiliar surroundings of the Will Rogers Memorial Coliseum.

Erin had agreed that one of the other girls could have the front seat on the way home. That honor went to Laurie as the other three crawled into the back. They were all exhausted; I was thankful they had finally settled down. I slipped David Bowie's Scary Monsters album into the cassette player but kept it low.

I remembered Laurie from that night, sitting in the front seat of my mother's Crown Vic. In exactly the same pose as she was now. Slumped against the window, legs up under her, sound asleep. Same high ponytail—probably the last year or so before she switched to the severe schoolmarm up-do. Little skirt, t-shirt, sandals—check. And the same skinned knee. The one she got climbing up to Falcon Rock, where her life changed one week ago. I would be counting the hours before we could be together again, naked as those sunbathers high above the pool at Willow Creek Park.


* * *


If you've read this far, please go ahead and vote. Feel free to favorite or comment as well if you really enjoyed the story -- that's what keeps us authors encouraged to write more stories. Thanks!

All characters and events are fictional, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events, is strictly coincidental.

I want to thank my two volunteer editors who, in fairness to them, will remain anonymous. Both performed a light edit since there wasn't enough time to thoroughly go through such a lengthy manuscript. Neither of them saw the edits proposed by the other, nor the final version, but their contributions were valuable in making this a better story.

Report Story
byKenNicottii© 19 comments/ 48849 views/ 37 favorites